On my last post I said there was a clear favorite in the AL Cy Young race, that favorite is Max Scherzer. I can't say I feel that way with the National League though. When you look at the numbers and consider things such as team standing, ballparks, etc. this becomes a race that is extremely close.
The Dodgers' own Clayton Kershaw is one of many strong candidates for the prize. He currently has the best ERA in baseball at a miniscule 1.89 and has an equally impressive FIP of 2.54 to match. This combined with striking out the most batters (201 SO) and being the ace of a team that is on its way to the playoffs gives Kershaw an almost unquestionable case for winning the award.
However, there are a couple of other pitchers with equally strong numbers.
Adam Wainwright of the St. Louis Cardinals has had his best season since 2010. He has a FIP of 2.72 and is tied for third in wins with 13. More importantly, his stats in WAR (4.9) and strikeouts (187) are lower than other contenders. Since the Cardinals are in playoff contention, voters may be appealed toward him since his stats are consistent.
In spite of the incredible pitching Kershaw and Wainwright have done this year, there is yet another pitcher who could take home the award.
Matt Harvey of the New York Mets flourished in his first full season as a starter. He is the current leader in FIP at 2.20. His 2.27 ERA, 6.14 K/BB, and 191 SO show his thorough dominance and consistency. The one thing that is holding Harvey back is his low number or wins (9). This is mostly due to the less than stellar offense of the Mets, who are out of playoff contention as well.
Out of these three guys, Kershaw is the one I lean towards. His strong numbers in wins, strikeouts, and ERA will carry him to the award. His sabermetric stats are a bit lower than other pitchers but they're good enough to show that Kershaw is an excellent pitcher. Sometimes the offense and fielders have saved Kershaw, but the numbers show he has control of his pitches.
So there it is, Kershaw for the NL Cy Young.
Honorable mention: Jose Fernandez, Zack Greinke, Stephen Strasburg, Mat Latos.
The Arecibo Observatory in Puerto Rico is one of the most famous telescopes in the world—it's been in a James Bond film (GoldenEye) as well as Contact. Now that the telescope is aging, though, it's only looking more dramatic.
Enrico Sacchetti, whose portraits of telescopes, space shuttles, and remote locations we're featured on Gizmodo over the years, sent along these new shots of Arecibo Observatory's William E. Gordon Telescope from his latest trip. The telescope is grounded by a massive 1,000-foot-wide reflecting dish nestled into the tropical forest.
Advertisement
Above the extremely wide pan, a thicket of wires and steel mechanisms hang in midair. It looks extraordinarily precarious—but the observatory describes the structure akin to a suspension bridge. It's all to support the reflectors, motors, and antennas that are needed to receive radio waves that arrive from space and the bounce back from the reflector dish. The tessellated mushroom is called a Gregorian focus dome—which focuses the waves. The Observatory calls it a “giant eye.”
Advertisement
Amazingly, even though it was built more than 50 years ago in 1963, the telescope is still unqiue and super-powerful—it's the world's largest and most sensitive of its kind. That doesn't mean it's impervious to age—as Sacchetti's photos show, the humidity has covered it in rust, and just last year, an earthquake severely damaged the structure. But after emergency surgery, it's still alive and kicking.
Advertisement
In Sacchetti's photos, the telescope really looks like an object that embodies the space race, along with Sputnik and other engineering icons. In these photos, it's almost hard to believe it was designed by humans.
Advertisement
All images used with permission of Enrico Sacchetti. Courtesy of the NAIC, Arecibo Observatory, a facility of the NSF.
Contact the author at kelsey@Gizmodo.com.
SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp's announcement of a suite of new education products on Tuesday shows the company's determination to reverse a major shift that has taken place in U.S. classrooms in recent years: for most educators and school districts, Google's Chromebook is now the computer of choice.
The Chromebook has gone from a standing start in 2011 to wild popularity in the market for education technology, which tech companies have traditionally viewed as a critical way to win over the next generation of users.
In 2016, mobile devices running Alphabet Inc's Google's Chrome operating system accounted for 58 percent of the U.S. market for primary and secondary schools, according to Futuresource Consulting.
The Microsoft products introduced Tuesday, including a new version of its Windows operating system, software to boost collaboration among students and a new Surface laptop, clearly show the influence of the Chromebook, industry watchers say.
“The success of the Chromebook has awakened sleeping giants,” said Tyler Bosmeny, CEO of Clever, an education technology company. “There's so much investment into the space – it's unlike anything I've ever seen.”
For years after the release of the Chromebook in 2011, Apple Inc and Microsoft stuck to their strategies of offering slightly modified and discounted versions of their products for educators.
But the Chromebook's low price—it starts at $149— and easy management proved irresistible to many schools. Google also saw a key chance to expand its market share several years ago with the approach of an online testing mandate in the United States.
To capitalize on the opportunity, the company created a “test mode,” which restricts access to the rest of the web while students complete assessments, said Rajen Sheth, a senior director of product management at Google.
The preparations paid off: Sales of the Chromebook jumped tenfold between 2012 and 2013, Sheth said.
While Google manufactures some Chromebooks, the devices aimed at the education market are supplied by partners such as Samsung Electronics Co Ltd and Acer Inc. The operating system is free for educators and hardware manufacturers, and Google sells schools an education package including device management and support for a $30 fee.
For Microsoft, Tuesday's event was the culmination of a campaign to emulate key aspects of the Chromebook strategy, said Mike Fisher, associate director for the education division at Futuresource Consulting.
Microsoft's hardware partners are now selling hybrid tablet-laptop devices based on the Surface design starting at $189. Microsoft executives boasted that the operating system announced Tuesday boots up rapidly, a hallmark of the Chromebook.
The company also introduced a new code-builder addition to its Minecraft education edition to help students learn coding skills through the popular game.
For Microsoft, the test will be how easily it can explain its offering to educators, Fisher said.
“The Google education ecosystem is quite straightforward,” he said. “With Microsoft, there are a lot of moving parts.”
Microsoft declined to comment.
Apple, for its part, has lowered the price of the iPad to $299 for education customers and made it possible for students to share devices, in addition to simplifying management.
A woman holds her smart phone, which displays the Google home page, in this picture illustration taken February 24, 2016. REUTERS/Eric Gaillard/Illustration/File Photo
“It's about trying to reach every teacher and every student,” said Susan Prescott, a vice president of product management and marketing at Apple.
Despite Google's U.S. dominance, its position is weaker in classrooms overseas, where many markets have not yet seen an impetus to embrace technology en masse, said Fisher of Futuresource Consulting.
In 2016, devices running Android and Chrome made up 23 percent of the mobile market outside the United States, compared with 65 percent for Microsoft's Windows, according to Futuresource.
"We've done this before and the FFA said no, so why would we or anyone else in Canberra bother?" said Ivan Slavich, who headed the A-League4Canberra bid that tried unsuccessfully to win a licence during the period from 2008-2010.
"We gave it a big shot previously, we raised $5 million, we had 2000 people pay 200 bucks each, we had agreements in place for Canberra Stadium and the AIS to train at their facilities, we had the support of local clubs, and the FFA said no."
Slavich said he couldn't see the situation changing unless Football Federation Australia encouraged Canberra to submit a bid on the understanding it would be strongly considered.
But he wasn't expecting that to happen.
Talk of multiple expansion bids from elsewhere in Australia has gained momentum, with the likelihood two new teams will be introduced for the 2018-2019 season.
"Don't get me wrong, Canberra would love to have their own team, but it's really because of the experience last time," Slavich said.
"All momentum went into that and we feel we ticked every box and the feeling in the town is that there's no point in trying again.
"We had $5 million cash to start the team and I had to go through the process of handing the money back to everyone. I had investors. We did a load of work and the FFA said no, so why would people want to do it again?
"We reckon if we did it all over again they still wouldn't give us a team, so why waste our time?
"The reality with expansion is these two new teams will be in the southern part of Sydney, in the Sutherland Shire-St George area, and another team from Melbourne, Brisbane or Adelaide.
"It won't be in Canberra."
Slavich is a highly respected and influential figure in ACT football who works with a number of clubs as a business consultant. Nothing of major significance happens in football in the ACT without him knowing about it.
He said the future A-League flavour for Canberra people would come from existing club Central Coast Mariners, with which Capital Football has a contractual arrangement.
The Mariners have already played one of two home games scheduled for Canberra this season. Slavich described it as similar to AFL club GWS Giants playing some home games in Canberra.
"We've got a good relationship with (Mariners CEO) Shaun Mielekamp and (coach) Paul Okon," he said.
"There is a pathway for our players here through to the Mariners. They're running coaching clinics down here and we've pretty much said we're not going to have our own side, so we're going to put our lot with the Mariners.
"The fundamental concern for Canberra is that because it's a government town there are not a lot of corporates based here, so it's a bit difficult getting corporate support for a new team.
"I met with Phil Brown, the CEO of Capital Football, last week. Canberra isn't bidding for a separate team. If there is another bid from somewhere down here, they haven't spoken to me or Capital Football, which is the governing body here in Canberra, and I know that from speaking to Phil.
"There is no other bid."
Another influential Canberra football figure whom The World Game spoke to privately also said there was no movement on the expansion bid front.
"I'm not aware of anything happening," the figure said. "And unless someone comes from the community with a real concerted effort to put in a bid, it's not going to happen."
New Delhi:The cheapest vaccine to protect against one of the major causes of childhood diarrhoea in India entered the official immunization programme late last week, completing a thirty-year journey that began at Delhi's All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) in 1985.
On 26 March, the government introduced the rotavirus vaccine Rotavac, indigenously developed under the government's Universal Immunization Programme. Marketed by Bharat Biotech and approved by the World Health Organisation (WHO), the vaccine comes for ₹ 54 per dose, or ₹ 162 for three doses per child.
The other two WHO approved vaccines in India, marketed by GlaxoSmithKline and Merck, cost around ₹ 2,500 for three doses.
Rotavirus is the primary cause of diarrhoea in children in India and kills as many as 78,000 children under five years of age every year, according to the ministry of health and family welfare. After completion of phase-III clinical trials, the vaccine was made available for the private sector in March 2015.
Work on the vaccine started when an attenuated or weakened strain of rotavirus was isolated from a child at AIIMS in 1985-86. “This strain was found in a lot of newborn babies admitted at AIIMS who were infected with rotavirus but were not getting the disease," said M.K. Bhan, former secretary, Department of Biotechnology. This strain named 116E was isolated and characterised by Bhan, who was then an assistant professor of pediatrics at AIIMS.
Around the same time, Roger Glass, now director, Fogarty International Center, US National Institutes of Health (NIH), was characterising an unusual group of rotaviruses collected from newborns from four continents that also did not cause disease. An exchange of notes between the two scientists led to their collaboration to characterise these rotavirus strains and investigate whether newborns infected with these strains were protected against subsequent severe disease with rotavirus.
Teaming up with NIH, Bhan and his colleagues found that the strain of virus had acquired one bovine rotavirus gene and that made all the difference, making it harmful for bovine animals but not for humans. “We assumed that maybe it genetically transformed by cross transfer of genes between different strains and then lost the ability to cause disease," said Bhan.
The vaccine Rotavac was developed by a joint vaccine development initiative supported by the Department of Biotechnology, Government of India, the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, the Research Council of Norway, and the UK Department for International Development. Bharat Biotech invested significantly towards vaccine development along with NIH and other international institutions. And so, Rotavac was developed, a live attenuated monovalent liquid frozen vaccine containing live rotavirus strain prepared in Vero cells.
In 2013, the government announced positive results from a Phase III clinical trial of a rotavirus vaccine developed and manufactured in India. The randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled Phase III clinical trial enrolled 6,799 infants in India (aged six to seven weeks at the time of enrolment) at three sites—the Centre for Health Research and Development, Society for Applied Studies (SAS) in New Delhi; Shirdi Sai Baba Rural Hospital, KEM Hospital Research Centre in Vadu, Pune; and Christian Medical College in Vellore.
Concerns on efficacy
“The efficacy rate of the vaccine is around 58%. It also has herd immunity that adds to the value which is also important. With this vaccine, you see a dramatic decline in countries where they have been tried," said Bhan. “Rotavirus is responsible for 40% diarrhoea admissions in India, so if this vaccine can eliminate those admissions, it would be a major impact," he added.
Efficacy is also impacted by biological differences among children in different regions of the world.
“Most vaccines don't work well in developing countries because of the gut problem, especially in developing countries such as India and Bangladesh," said Bhan.
Soumya Swaminathan, director general of Indian Council of Medical Research, said that efforts are on by ICMR and other Indian companies to develop rotavirus vaccine with efficacy up to 80%.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Aug. 13, 2015, 8:50 PM GMT / Updated Aug. 14, 2015, 1:26 PM GMT By Maggie Fox
Police officers are most likely to be killed in states where the most people own guns, a new study finds.
The report is sure to be controversial, but it adds a new dimension to a conversation that's recently been focused more on police shootings of unarmed Americans.
This study looks at who's killing the cops, and it's overwhelmingly people with private guns, David Swedler of the University of Illinois at Chicago School of Public Health found.
“Officers are three times more likely to be murdered on the job in high gun ownership states in comparison with low gun ownership states. That was the big wow for me.”
“If we're interested in protecting police officers, we need to look at what's killing them, and what's killing them is guns,” says Swedler.
Swedler's team used the FBI's Uniformed Crime Reporting database to check on all homicides of law enforcement officers between 1996 and 2010. They used a giant survey called the Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System to get data on gun ownership.
Their findings: The No. 1 cause of on-the-job death for police is motor vehicle accidents. But gun deaths came second, they reported in the American Journal of Public Health.
“We were not surprised to find that firearm ownership is associated with homicide rates,” Swedler told NBC news.
“The big surprise finding to me was the differences in homicide rates among officers in states with the lowest gun ownership compared to states with the highest gun ownership,” he added.
“Officers are three times more likely to be murdered on the job in high gun ownership states in comparison with low gun ownership states. That was the big wow for me.”
Police and sheriffs' organizations disagree on gun laws, gun control and gun ownership and whether limits would help reduce crime.
Swerdler's one of a group of researchers who want to see what the data shows, and who consider gun ownership and gun laws matters that can legitimately be studied and debated as public and occupational health issues.
“To me, an officer is a worker just like any worker in America. Workers have the right to come home from work at the end of the day,” Swedler said.
“We in occupational health and safety look to protect the lives of workers.”
His team found 782 homicides of police officers over the 15 years they looked. Of those, 716 were committed using guns and 515 of those with handguns.
On average, 38 percent of U.S. households have at least one gun, ranging from 4.8 percent of homes Washington, D.C. to 62 percent in Wyoming, the researchers found. This fits in with other studies.
Alabama, Alaska, Arkansas, Mississippi and Montana were the states with the highest rates of both gun ownership and for law enforcement killings. Connecticut, Massachusetts, New Jersey, New York and Rhode Island had the lowest per-capita rate for both.
It's important to calculate the rates by per capita, said Swedler, because large states have more killings and more guns simply because they have more people.
Swedler said his team also made sure that police killings were not related to violent crime in general.
“Hypothetically, officers might be put at increased risk if they are more frequently encountering violent criminals, but our data doesn't find that to be the case," he said. "We find that officers are at an increased risk for being killed the more frequently they encounter guns in public settings.”
One big driver of this: domestic violence.
"Research shows that responding to domestic violence calls are one of the most common situations in which officers are killed,” Swedler said.
“To me, an officer is a worker just like any worker in America. Workers have the right to come home from work at the end of the day.”
“In states where firearms are more prevalent, officers responding to reports of domestic violence are more often entering potentially lethal situations compared to officers responding to such calls in states with lower firearm prevalence," Swedler said
Police need to understand this, Swedler said, and police department leaders should consider rates of gun ownership in training officers.
“How can we prepare our officers in light of the presence of guns in our state?” Swedler said.
And voters need to decide what to do about findings like his, he said.
“If people in the United States are concerned about the lives of police officers, think about the laws in your state regarding firearms,” Swedler said.
“We didn't say one type of law is going to sentence officers to death, whereas another type of law is going to save all officers' lives. What we are saying is consider laws in your state about firearm possession.”
But Everytown, an organization that groups Mayors Against illegal Guns, Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America and other advocates together, says its research shows that just enforcing existing gun laws can help.
"Original research Everytown recently published with the Major Cities Chiefs shows that more than half of law enforcement shot to death were killed by criminals who were barred by law from buying or owning guns but got them anyway," Ted Alcorn, research director for the group, said via email.
"Nothing does more to reduce these deaths than a strong background check system: FBI data shows that in states that require background checks for all handgun sale, blocking criminals from buying guns in unlicensed sales online or at gun shows, there are 48 percent fewer law enforcement officers killed with handguns," he said.
In interview with Rock Paper Shotgun , Stephanie Perotti, Ubisoft's worldwide director for online games, has said that the company has decided to remove the need for a permanent connection to play its PC titles.
In fact, she claims the decision was made way back in June, after which point Ubi's singleplayer games have only required a one-time activation upon install.
Ubisoft's approach to DRM has been widely lambasted by gamers, partly because of the inconvenience for the consumer, but mostly because it often didn't seem to work, dropping connection to the server mid-game, booting you out and erasing progress. And now, finally, it seems Ubisoft have heeded this wail of despair, with Perotti explicitly confirming that the singleplayer component of Assassin's Creed 3 will not require any online connection.
She also suggests Ubisoft will be doing more to get their games onto PC quicker - so good news all round. We've got a man in the field, chinwagging with Ubi bigwigs as we speak, so we'll be bringing you more news on Ubisoft's plans for PC, and specifically their intentions with uPlay, very soon.
This week we continue exploring new features in Excel 2013. This post is brought to you by Chad Rothschiller, a Program Manager in the Excel Team.
“How do I open my workbooks in separate windows?” This has been a common inquiry from many of our customers who want to look at their workbooks side by side, or spread them across more than one monitor.
Good news: starting with Excel 2013, each of your workbooks opens in its own window, similar to Word and PowerPoint today. That means that each workbook has its own ribbon and top-level window frame that you can move and resize independent from your other open workbooks. This functionality can improve multitasking, visibility, and analysis across workbooks.
In computing terminology, this is called Single Document Interface (SDI). Versions of Excel before the 2013 release used Multiple Document Interface (MDI), where all workbook windows were contained within a top-level “master” container window.
Here's an example of four new workbooks. Note that each one has its own window and ribbon:
How to arrange your windows
Now that you have multiple windows, how should you arrange them? Well, there are plenty of options and below are some favorites:
Smart Snapping: Grab the top of the window, and drag it to the top, left, or right edge of your screen, then let go. The window automatically resize:
Drag Left : Position on the left half of the screen
: Position on the left half of the screen Drag Righ t: Position on the right half of the screen
t: Position on the right half of the screen Drag Top: Fills the entire screen
Windows Taskbar: If you hold down the Shift Key and then right-click the Excel icon on the Windows Task Bar you will see options for arranging your open windows. The cool thing about these options is that if you have multiple monitors, Windows remembers each workbook's monitor and arranges workbooks displayed within the same monitor.
Excel Ribbon: Click on View the Arrange All to see more options for arranging your workbooks:
Note that you can still create new windows (or multiple windows) showing the same workbook. Similarly, the “View Side by Side” and “Synchronous Scrolling” features work just like they used to.
Tell us what you think
Thanks for learning more about this new feature in Excel 2013. I hope you all get wonderful benefits from being able to arrange workbooks on your screens! In a future post, we'll go into a couple more advanced topics such as “Merging Instances and Long Running Operations” and how they work with pre-existing add-ins. In the meantime, let us know in the comments how you're planning to use this new feature or anything else you'd like to see in future versions.
—Chad Rothschiller, Excel Program Manager
China has developed a new charging standard in order to more efficiently deploy a charging infrastructure capable of supporting the up to 5 million electric vehicles it hopes to get on the roads by 2020. Tesla is now fully on board and announced today the launch of the ‘Tesla Charging Partner Program' in China to promote the national EV charging standard.
Tesla's Vice President of Asia-Pacific, Ren Yuxiang introduced the program at the new China Quality Certification Center (CQC):
“Although the new national standard has been published, but the implementation of standards in the ground still face many challenges, Tesla actively support the new national standard, co-sponsored with the CQC ‘Tesla charging Partnership Project', and charging partners to promote the implementation of the new national standard, as always, including China, to make positive efforts to change global sustainable energy. “
Tesla shared a few pictures of the event on its Chinese blog:
The program helps partners get certified for the new standard with interconnection tests conducted at the CQC. Tesla writes:
“Tesla charging Partnership Program” encourages partners to get the voluntary certification by CQC, Tesla will preferably go through CQC certified enterprises and products, and further testing center in China to accelerate the newly established interconnection standard.
The program behind the new Chinese charging standard, which supports both DC fast-charging and level 2 charging, is by far the most ambitious EV infrastructure program currently in development. It is expected to create roughly 12,000 public charging stations and deploy 4.5 million chargers across China, which could require an investment of up to $20 billion USD.
Tesla already operates a great number of charging stations across mainland China, though not necessarily based on the new standard. The company is expected to adapt these stations for interconnection compatibility between standards and to develop more charging points – Above you can see Tesla's current charging stations in China with the Superchargers in red and Destination Chargers in grey.
The captain of St Mary's Catholic High School U16 football team has lived most of her life in Ontario and hopes to one day wear the maple leaf jersey.
MANCHESTER // Chantel Pereira. Canadian football fans may wish to make a note of the name.
The 16-year-old St Mary's Catholic High School pupil has lived most of her life in Ontario and hopes to one day wear the maple leaf jersey.
Captain of St Mary's under-16s, Chantel is a nimble midfielder with quick feet and an eye for a searching pass.
However, she is far from complacent.
“I really need to work on my power,” she smiles. “At the moment my kicks are not that strong.”
For Chantel and her teammates, the trip to Manchester after becoming the Dubai Schools Football Cup Girls U-16 champions was an unexpected treasure.
“If you had told us before the tournament that we would be coming to Manchester United, we would have been like .... yeah, right.
“We thought Winchester would win as they had such a strong team. When the final whistle blew we all had goosebumps. The adrenalin rush was so strong.”
So how does ths young Chelsea FC fan (it would still be Liverpool if her hero Fernando Torres had not switched allegiance) rate her chances of representing Canada?
“About 70 per cent,” she replies, “maybe 85 per cent after today.”
Time will tell.
newsdesk@thenational.ae
Geometric hand cut coin pendant. This Geometric hand cut coin pendants is hand cut using a specialist piercing saw, from a Victorian Penny.
This design is only available on larger coins (3cm diameter).
Size/Dimensions/Weight:
3cm x 3cm
Materials utilised:
Victorian Copper Penny Coin, Copper Jump Ring, Wax Cotton Chord.
Production method:
The hand cut coin jewellery is cut using a specialist piercing saw, occasionally applying beeswax to lubricate the blade, good eyesight, a bit of elbow grease and a lot of patience..!
The Bootleg pirates offer a great custom order service, we can cut most coins, with any designs and with specific relevant years! Within reason.
Please email with your ideas and we can do our best to suit your needs.
We strive to recycle, re-use and revamp old unused items, of which coins are just one of the many materials we use, please check out our Facebook page for more products.
COPPER INFO:
Copper is a naturally hygienic metal that slows down the growth of germs such as E-coli & MRSA
Copper is an essential mineral found in all plant life and in the human body.
The use of copper dates back over 10,000 years.
Jewellery is a good way of taking in the small amount of the mineral needed. The healing properties of copper, in the form of bracelets, necklaces, rings, or earrings, can allow a minimal amount of the mineral into the body without overwhelming it.
Some wearers of copper jewellery find it relieves the symptoms of arthritis and circulation problems.
Lots of love Bootleg Pirates!
German filmmaker Marcus Vetter began his three-year project in Jenin by happenstance. He was asked to pitch in on a movie about the father of a Palestinian boy killed by the Israeli army in Jenin. The father, Ismail Khatib, donated his son's organs, and the heart went to an Israeli child.
Vetter says that as he worked on the film "Heart of Jenin" (2008) he was inspired to help reopen a long-shuttered cinema in the northern West Bank city. In the process, he recruited 300 mostly German volunteers and donations from the German government.
His project aimed to bring culture and life to a war-battered city in the West Bank. But it was also a sign of more Germans finding common cause with Palestinians despite their government's close relations with Israel. Many say that the Holocaust is no reason to ignore what they see as unjust Israeli policy. And as German leaders pledged their support for Israel this week, they balked at supporting airstrikes over Gaza.
When he began his work, Vetter arrived in a broken, poor and angry city. Jenin had been a hotbed of Palestinian militarism in the second Intifada. In response to waves of Palestinian suicide bombings in Jewish cities, Israel flattened whole parts of the Jenin refugee camp and devastated the local economy. When Vetter landed the city was surrounded by checkpoints that cut off access to the West Bank and to Israel.
"I saw the humiliation, and the destroying of houses and I thought, this is not normal," he said.
Marcus Vetter with one of the Palestinian kids who helped on the project.
Yet the people were friendly and open, and Vetter saw a chance to bring a ray of hope. He teamed up with Ismail Khatib, the bereaved father, and a local Palestinian filmmaker. As Cinema Jenin grew, Vetter says 300 international volunteers, mostly German, flocked to Jenin to strip the floors, reupholster old seats, and paint the walls. The doors opened in August 2010 in a citywide jubilee complete with a red carpet and a visit from Palestinian Authority Prime Minister Salam Fayyad. The opening film was Heart of Jenin.
Outside of the West Bank, though, Vetter said his film gathered less than a gala reception.
"People said this was pro-Palestinian, they asked me where the other side is and why aren't you showing an Israeli donating his organs to the Palestinians," he said. Today, however, "nobody says a word against it."
Changing views
This change is a reflection of a wider shift in German views of Palestinians, he said.
"They are more and more questioning if Israel does the right thing when they destroy houses of Palestinians, or when they build checkpoints," Vetter said.
Vetter says public opinion has deteriorated recently over two landmark events: One was the 2006 Lebanon War, when Israel retaliated for a Hezbollah raid with a punishing assault that left 1,300 Lebanese and 165 Israeli people dead. The second was the 2008-9 Israeli invasion of Gaza, which resulted in 1,400 Palestinian mostly civilian casualties, sparking an international outcry.
Berlin musician Felix Gebauer, 28, who volunteered in Jenin, said he could not back blanket German support for Israel.
"We have a special obligation toward the Jewish people," he said. "But we are not supporting the Jewish people by sending weapons to the Israeli government. And we don't do a favor to our Israeli friends by supporting the occupation, which is shameful."
Voices of criticism are far from unanimous. This week, as Israel launched 1,500 airstrikes on Gaza in response to months of rocket firing, Merkel declared that Israel has a right to defend itself. Berlin's popular BZ newspaper published a graphic of Berlin as though it were within range of rockets from Gaza. Berlin's Central Council of Jews in Germany published a letter of solidarity condemning the "daily terror" of rockets from Gaza that is "too often ignored by the world and tolerated in silence."
The Council declined to answer DW's questions.
Protests growing
Many Germans have become critical of Germany's unequivocal support of Israel.
All the same, the critical voices are growing. Recently, about 800 people marched in Berlin against Israeli actions in Gaza. They were countered by a smaller group of 250 Israel supporters. The protesters say Israel is acting with a heavy hand, pointing to 162 Palestinian casualties, nearly half of them civilians.
Gaza aside, another flashpoint for critique of Israel came last year from Nobel Laureate Gunther Grass. He published a poem in one of the country's largest newspapers, saying that Israel is a threat to world peace. Israel banned him from entering the country in response.
"Basically he expressed what a majority of German people think," said Professor Michael Wolffsohn, an historian at the University of the German Federal Armed Forces in Munich.
Unlike Vetter, Wolffsohn says this gulf between officials and the people on Israel are nothing new in Germany. Rather, the gulf between the two countries is decades old, and public opinion rises and falls in cycles according to violence in the Middle East. But he says German opinion of Israel is steadily and gradually getting worse. Israel consistently ranks among the least-liked countries among Germans.
History divides
"Germans and Israelis and Jews in general have learned different lessons from the same history," he told DW. "Germans have learned never again to use military force as a political instrument, to never again be perpetrators….And Israelis have learned to never again be victims, that sometimes you have to use force to survive."
For Vetter the Israel-Hamas violence caught him with no ready answers.
"This war is just as unjust as the war in 2008," he said. All the same, when it comes to solutions, he said "I don't know what to think. I am more or less desperate."
Vetter left Jenin last year after radical Palestinians murdered Juliano Mer Khamis, a charismatic theater director with Israeli and Palestinian parents. After the murder, Vetter said he no longer felt safe in the West Bank and is now back in Germany. He has followed the work of the International Criminal Court, which could one day hear cases of alleged Israeli and Hamas war crimes.
"After three years of working at Cinema Jenin I have to recover mentally and financially," he said. "Three years I was working pro bono and have to recover financially until I can do something similar again."
In those days surgery was associated with high mortality, and few physicians were willing or able to peer into the air and food passages, let alone remove objects like open safety pins. Yet Ms. Cappello writes that the survival rate among patients from whom he removed objects was better than 95 percent.
“If Jackson could tell us how he wished to be remembered, I'm certain he would do so by assemblage, or meaningful collage,” said Ms. Cappello, an English professor at the University of Rhode Island. For him, collecting was a form of self-portraiture as well as a clinical and scientific pursuit.
Photo
Jackson viewed the world as a precarious place. Small and bookish as a child, he endured intense torment and bullying; at one point other children blindfolded him and threw him into a coal pit, and he was rescued only after a dog happened to find him unconscious.
So in a sense, Ms. Cappello said, when Jackson became a physician — first in Pittsburgh, then Philadelphia — he “was saving lives, yes, but he was also saving himself.” He grew to be a pioneer of the upper body, developing new endoscopic techniques for peering into dark recesses.
He attached a tiny light called a mignon lamp to the end of a rod that he inserted into his scopes. (Previously, physicians who used endoscopes had worked mainly with light held outside the body.)
And he was an early and outspoken safety advocate, particularly when it came to children. As one of his assistants put it, his quest was to make the public and the medical profession “foreign-body-conscious” about swallowing.
If it had been up to him, Ms. Cappello said, “parents who fed peanuts to children without molars would be drawn and quartered.” Chew everything thoroughly, he exhorted the public: “Chew your milk!”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
And he lobbied for passage of the Federal Caustic Poison Act of 1927, which required manufacturers to place warning labels on poisonous substances like lye, which burns the esophagus and causes severe scarring that can make it impossible to swallow.
Children often ingested lye because it was present in many households (where it was used to make soap) and because it looked like sugar. A 7-year-old girl who could not swallow even a drop of water was taken to Dr. Jackson, who fed an endoscope into her esophagus and removed a grayish mass — perhaps food, perhaps dead tissue — with a forceps. Afterward, one of his assistants gave the child a glass of water.
“She took a small sip expecting it to choke her and come back up,” Jackson recalled in his 1938 autobiography. “It went slowly down; she took another sip, and it went down. Then she gently moved aside the glass of water in the nurse's hand, took hold of my hand and kissed it.”
Photo
Jackson also developed a technique for dilating the esophagus in children with scarring. He taught them to swallow a long tube and to do so regularly for an extended period. He suggested they might think of themselves as sword swallowers and imagine that the feat “inspires awe in other children.” This eventually helped many of them to eat and drink again normally.
To remove objects like keys and coins and pins, Jackson would insert a long, rigid tube into his patients — usually children, and usually awake, though his assistants did help to hold them still. “He must have had an exquisite gentleness and ability to calm people,” Ms. Cappello said. He also treated many poor children without pay.
Still, his eccentricities marked him. “Some people might have painted him as a socially phobic, friendless loner,” she added. “He was not a warm and fuzzy doctor.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Nor would he compromise when it came to his collection. In the case of that swallowed quarter, he told the patient's infuriated father that “all foreign bodies removed from the air and food passages were put into a scientific collection where they would be available to physicians working on the problems of relieving little children.”
The father had beaten the boy as punishment, and when he didn't get the coin back he apparently beat him again, so viciously he broke his son's arm.
At that point Jackson gave the family a half dollar. But he did not return the swallowed coin.
The Jackson collection is now owned by the Mütter Museum of the College of Physicians of Philadelphia, which is refurbishing it for an exhibition that is to open Feb. 18. Ms. Cappello will help curate the exhibition; Anna Dhody, the museum's curator, called her work a substantial contribution that “we're very lucky to have.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Dr. V. Alin Botoman, a gastroenterologist at the University of Miami who has also done scholarly work on Jackson, called him “truly a renaissance man who made so many contributions to medicine and has been all but forgotten.” Until now. In October, Ms. Cappello gave a lecture on Jackson at the Observatory, an art and events space in Brooklyn. She also presented black-and-white films from Jackson's family that had never been seen in public.
In a series of clips, Jackson is shown on a small boat, looking out at the sky. He is riding in the back of a pickup truck, writing intently.
His granddaughter, then a toddler, wobbles across a lawn holding a stuffed animal and a flower. She looks at the camera, shakes the flower and puts it in her mouth.
Former Time Lord Sylvester McCoy has sensationally claimed that during his tenancy of the Tardis he and left-wing scriptwriters attempted to otherthrow the government of Margaret Thatcher.
According to the Sunday Times, both McCoy (pictured) and script editor Andrew Cartmel admitted the sinister scheme, which was hatched when the former filled the Doctor's shoes three months after Thatcher's 1987 third election victory.
McCoy recounted: “The idea of bringing politics into Doctor Who was deliberate, but we had to do it very quietly and certainly didn't shout about it.
"We were a group of politically motivated people and it seemed the right thing to do. Our feeling was that Margaret Thatcher was far more terrifying than any monster the Doctor had encountered."
Cartmel recalled his reponse to Who is a producer John Nathan-Turner, who asked him what he hoped to achieve as script editor. He said: "My exact words were: I'd like to overthrow the government. I was a young firebrand and I wanted to answer honestly. I was very angry about the social injustice in Britain under Thatcher and I'm delighted that came into the show."
Cartmel's team of writing malconents included Ben Aaronovitch, son of Marxist intellectual Sam Aaronovitch, and Rona Munro, later to become a scriptwriter for filmmaker Ken Loach.
This nucleus of agitators, backed by the Who crew who "weren't very happy" with Maggie, set about undermining the Iron Lady with 1988 three-parter The Happiness Patrol, in which Sheila Hancock plays Thatcher caricature Helen A (see pic), "a dictator who requires her subjects to be happy... or die".
They backed this body-blow with further subversion, including kids spin-off book Turlough and the Earthlink Dilemma, which has a character called Rehctaht - Thatcher spelt backwards.
Sadly, Cartmel admitted the satire went completely unnoticed. He said: "Critics, media pundits and politicians certainly didn't pick up on what we were doing. If we had generated controversy and become a cause célèbre we would have got a few more viewers but, sadly, nobody really noticed or cared."
An ailing Doctor Who was canned in 1989, while Margaret Thatcher survived until she was dethroned as PM in 1990.
Regarding the alleged plot to bring down Thatcher, a BBC spokesman said: “We're baffled by these claims. The BBC's impartiality rules applied just as strongly as as they do to programmes now.” ®
The tropical disturbance we've been tracking continues to develop, and likely will become Tropical Storm Don. The National Hurricane Center gives the tropical wave an 80 percent chance of blossoming into a tropical depression or storm during the next two days.
Look for it to be upgraded this afternoon when an aircraft reconnaissance plane investigates the disturbance.
In the large satellite image below the disturbance can be seen moving between the Yucatan Peninsula and Cuba this morning.
This is significant because it will no longer interact so much with the Yucatan Peninsula and accordingly will have more of an opportunity to strengthen over the warm Gulf of Mexico waters.
Perhaps the biggest news is that the models have shifted significantly northward, now bringing the system toward Texas. Here's a look at the models from this morning.
The models have moved north since yesterday because the high pressure system over Texas is now forecast to shift east in a couple of days, allowing this tropical system to slide around its western periphery. This track forecast is not guaranteed, of course, but is now the most probable path.
In regards to development the system will only have two or three days over water to intensify. This is not that much time, but with the Gulf waters quite warm (although not explosively warm) it is more than enough time to become a hurricane, quite possibly, especially as wind shear in the vicinity of this disturbance should be quite weak for the next few days.
It's just impossible to say. But when we have had systems like Hurricane Humberto it is clearly not smart to entirely discount that rapid intensification could occur.
For now rain chances on Friday and Saturday in the greater Houston area have become higher. The Houston/Galveston office has conservatively pegged rain chances at 50 percent on Friday, but those will certainly rise if the system follows a northwest track toward the upper Texas coast.
If the system develops as expected, squalls could reach the Texas coast in the vicinity of the storm by early Friday.
The bottom line is that although there's considerable uncertainty about this system, it's very likely to develop into a tropical storm or hurricane, and chances are increasing that we'll see some of its effects in Houston by Friday and Saturday.
Let us hope it remains a tropical storm, moves quickly, and gives us some much-needed rainfall. But not too much.
Stay tuned for regular updates.
Start your Jack Bauer digital clocks, ladies and gentlemen. You have 24 hours to visit Revis Island.
This isn't a joke—Treasure Island, an actual city in the state of Florida, will be changing its name to “Revis Island” for one day to honor newly minted Tampa Bay cornerback Darrelle Revis.
The story was spotted by John Breech of CBS Sports, who found a strange declaration posted on the Tampa Bay Buccaneers web site.
The Bucs' announcement states that Bob Minning, the mayor of Treasure Island, is issuing a “special proclamation” that will rechristen his good city Revis Island starting at 12 p.m. on Thursday, Sept. 12.
The name will last a full 24 hours, and the Buccaneers organization is encouraging fans to come out for the announcement. Cheerleaders, the Bucs mascot and “front office representatives” will be on hand to ring in the occasion, which is set to take place at The Club at Treasure Island.
For reference, Treasure Island is an actual island. It is located along a chain of barrier islands off the west coast of Florida, near the Tampa Bay area. It earned the name “Treasure Island” in the early 1900s when crooked property owners in the area buried and then “discovered” wooden chests with the purpose of drawing headlines and raising property values.
It would appear the people of Treasure Island still have a solid handle on drumming up press.
Also, don't worry about losing to New York, Buccaneers fans. Mayor Minning knows that was a fluke.
“Despite Sunday's heartbreaking loss to the Jets, we're still very excited about the upcoming season,” Minning announced. “Darrelle Revis was an outstanding offseason acquisition. We wanted to welcome Mr. Revis to our island community and celebrate the Bucs' 2013 home opener in a fun, family-friendly way.”
What can a football fan expect to find on Revis Island?
“An island filled with interceptions, touchdown returns and batted passes,” according to Minning's proclamation.
Revis is taking the adulation in stride.
“I'm honored and humbled to receive this special honor from the City of Treasure Island,” Revis said in response to the proclamation. “Ever since I became a Buccaneer, the support I've received from the Tampa Bay community has been tremendous. I'll do my best to live up to this honor.”
With that, I'll leave you with a final note from Minning, whom I picture wearing a monocle and waving a pink flamingo cane while making this statement.
“We always remind beach-goers to wear the appropriate sunscreen. But I guess at Revis Island, you don't need any sun screen—because at Revis Island, you're ALWAYS covered!”
Revis Island—second only to Margaritaville.
Follow @Dr__Carson
Ammon was taken from the shower by 6 swat members, striped him and threw him into solitary again after he just got out at 40 days. He has a dislocated shoulder and wrist, swollen hands and cut ankles and he sounded like he was suffering hypothermia. Over 400 days in prison, not convicted of anything, denied bail and a right to a speedy trial.
Calling all campers and proud Americans to the crooked Pahrump Nevada CCA hostage center !!! We can camp in '14 day' groups and then will need to change shifts to avoid tickets .. Friday morning 9am it will continue until they release Ammon from solitary and improve his TREATMENT !
Call and tell the sheriff and commissions to meet us at the Pahrump Jail this Friday morning at 9am to investigate the attempted murder of Ammon Bundy and to review the film. Ammon knows he will not make it to his day in court at this rate and we have to take this seriously before they kill him!!!!!! Remember this is a political agenda so they do not care about Getting Ammon to his trial!
Listen to Ammon Live tonight from the Solitary:
https://www.facebook.com/bundyranch/videos/1329653397111465/
Like this: Like Loading...
Samsung might have launched a smartwatch, the Gear Live, running Android Wear, but the company has been using its own OS (Tizen) on all its other smartwatches. In addition to helping Samsung create its own ecosystem, Tizen has helped the Gear smartwatches offer considerably more features and better battery life over those running Android Wear.
But that's not to say that Tizen is the best option for Samsung's smartwatches. Quite a few users, yours truly included, believe that it would be better if Samsung would start using Android Wear, due to reasons like considerably higher developer support, Google Now, and the search giant's leading voice recognition technology. Samsung will probably never support Android Wear though, but it looks like some Gear owners might still be able to run Android Wear, at least some time in the future.
XDA developer biktor_gj has managed to port Android Wear to the Gear 2 and managed to get it to boot on the watch after four months of work. The port is still a work in progress and isn't available for download, but now that the watch is actually booting into Android, further development will probably bear fruits at a quicker pace.
Getting Android Wear to work on the Gear 2 also bodes well for the Gear S, which has pretty much the same hardware ticking away inside. Of course, it's best not to get too excited considering that this may or may not result into something truly useful, but it's great to see that there's some hope for those that wish their Gear would run Google's nascent smartwatch operating system instead of Samsung's highly functional yet still limited Tizen.
Check out the source link for the details on the Gear 2 Android Wear port, especially if you're a developer and can lend a hand in the port's development.
Source
Matt Nable will return as Ra's al Ghul in the ninth episode of DC's Legends of Tomorrow, ComicBook.com has learned and confirmed with WB/CW.
It's unclear whether Ra's will have somehow survived his apparent death at the end of Arrow's third season or whether his appearance will be the result of time-travel. We do know, however, that characters from around the world of Arrow and The Flash will be appearing in Legends, so it's not entirely surprising to see a character as major as Ra's explored.
Damien Darhk, another long-lived villain who has bad history with Ra's, will also appear on Legends of Tomorrow, actor Neal McDonough confirmed for ComicBook.com recently. Whether the two appearances will be related is also unknown at this point.
DC's Legends of Tomorrow debuts on January 21 at 8 p.m. ET/PT on The CW.
Contents show]
Welcome to the Almost A Hero Wiki Edit
The Almost A Hero wikia is still in its early stages. If you have progressed deep into the game and have knowledge of certain heroes, maybe some items not listed yet, or generally have something to add, feel free to add it to the wikia, and maybe even sign up to have your contributions recorded, it would be greatly appreciated.
What is Almost A Hero? Edit
Almost A Hero is a Free-to-Play (with in-game purchases) iOS/Android game launched March 15, 2017.
The game is a idle/clicker and incremental game, where you are able to train a variety of wannabe heroes, and help aid them in their quest to defeat endless waves of enemies.
Common to all modes:
Game modes:
Need help around the wiki? Edit
If you are new around the wiki, or notice any issues, you may contact an active administrator to help you.
By Jung Min-ho
Another civilian diver died Friday while searching for passengers still missing from the sunken ferry Sewol.
According to the government's disaster response team, the diver who was involved in operations to cut open the hull of the ferry was flown to Mokpo Hankook Hospital by helicopter immediately after suffering respiratory problems.
He was unconscious when he arrived at the hospital at 3:20 p.m. , and was pronounced dead 15 minutes later.
It was the second such fatality. Another civilian diver, 53, died on May 6 also searching for missing Sewol passengers.
The work to remove objects blocking passage to the fourth deck of the vessel began Thursday. That is where most of the missing passengers' bodies are believed to be.
“So far, divers have been able to cut a 4.8-meter-wide and 1.5-meter-high hole under a window,” an official at the disaster response team said.
LA cabbie Max Durocher is the type of person who can wax poetic about other people's lives, which impresses U.S. Justice Department prosecutor Annie Farrell, one of his fares, so much that she gives him her telephone number at the end of her ride. Although a dedicated man as seen through the efficiency in which he does his work, he can't or won't translate that eloquence into a better life for himself. He deludes himself into believing that his now twelve year cabbie job is temporary and that someday he will own his own limousine service. He even lies to his hospitalized mother that he already owns one, with a further lie that he tells her as such primarily to make her happy, rather than the truth which is that he won't do anything to achieve that dream. One night, Max picks up a well dressed man named Vincent, who asks Max to be his only fare for the evening. For a flat fee of $600, plus an extra $100 if he gets to the airport on time - Vincent wants Max to drive him to five stops ... Written by Huggo
“We have a product for people who aren't able to get some form of connectivity,” explained Xbox chief Don Mattrick. “It's called Xbox 360.”
With those snarky words, Microsoft lost E3. That much was clear as soon as Sony's press conference started. And it's not because the Xbox One is a bad system. If we ignore Microsoft's terrible marketing and judge the Xbox One objectively, it's a fine system – a home entertainment system built for the future that should provide an unparalleled user experience.
But damn it, Microsoft: stop being a jerk.
Don Mattrick, the head of Xbox at Microsoft, explained to GameTrailers that Microsoft built a system that's future-proof and if you don't like it, there's another option: the eight-year-old Xbox 360.
This is Microsoft's stance and the company doesn't care if you complain. That message came through loud and clear during the company's E3 press conference. Take it or leave it. Microsoft doesn't care. They know they'll sell millions of boxes and a group of vociferous web trolls won't change that – or will they?
Microsoft has a reason to be cocky. The Xbox 360 rules the living room, and has set the standard for media streaming devices in the home. There have been hiccups and mistakes along the way, but overall the Xbox 360 is a fantastic system. Microsoft baked in the best of the Xbox 360 into the Xbox One, that much is apparent. However, after years of piracy and the embarrassment of briefly backing the wrong physical media platform, the company is now working on the assumption that you don't deserve an Xbox One if you're not connected to the Internet. It's a fair assumption – the target market already has broadband – but there are still plenty of reasons someone doesn't want the One to phone home every 24 hours.
The Xbox One has the potential to outsell the PS4. It has the potential of being a better investment for the casual and hardcore gamer alike. It has the potential to seamlessly bring the best of the Internet and TV to the living room.
Look at it this way: The Xbox One is an always-connected device that interfaces with subscription TV. It's also a portal to a person's Windows' ecosystem, bringing the most popular computing platform on Earth to the main screen in the house. It's a gaming system, a cable guide, a Skype machine, and a media streaming box that you can talk to. And as David Pierce explains on The Verge, the Kinect could usher in a new dimension of gaming. It's the purest all-in-one home entertainment system ever built.
But Microsoft went too far.
The Xbox One treats every owner as a potential thief. By nearly requiring a broadband Internet connection to check a game's DRM, the Xbox One is locked to a living room. Forget about rigging up a system for a long road trip. Forget about taking the system to the family cabin or grandma's house. Without broadband Internet, the Xbox One is useless.
This always-connected scheme is even scarier when updates are considered. Microsoft will essentially be able to remotely control all these systems and push updates unbeknownst to the owner. But it gets worse: The Xbox One doesn't work without Kinect, which is always on as well. Xbox One owners cannot trade or easily sell back games. The console is worthy of a mention in a George Orwell novel.
These downsides put Microsoft in a powerful position with game publishers. It's all about making money and selling systems. It guarantees that games will not be pirated, theoretically putting them at ease and more likely to publish exclusives on the Xbox One. But once you put making money above the user, you start down a slippery slope.
Then there's the PS4.
As Sony stated loudly and clearly at the PlayStation 4 press conference, the system doesn't require games check-in online. Games can be traded like baseball cards. The system doesn't require an Internet connection.
Best yet, indies can self-publish on the PS4.
Sony won E3 by being the anti-Microsoft. The Xbox One has ridiculous DRM and all Sony had to do is state that the PS4 takes a familiar, old-school approach to gaming. It's just a new PlayStation. Nothing more.
The Xbox One launch is a marketing disaster even though the product itself is solid. Forgive the hyperbole, but every time Microsoft makes a statement, the hole gets deeper. But at the very least Microsoft isn't hiding anything. There shouldn't be any more surprises. Hopefully.
[pics from /r/gaming]
[Correction: a previous version of this story incorrectly stated that the Xbox 360 was the bestselling console of the last generation.]
1 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
“We cannot allow our country to be a place where an unarmed teenager walking to his own home can be shot with impunity by a self-styled neighborhood watch vigilante.” Strong words from the President of the National Organization for Women (NOW), Terry O'Neill.
NOW President Terry O'Neill called for justice for Trayvon Martin early Monday afternoon in a statement. She wrote, “The acquittal on Saturday, July 13, of George Zimmerman has left Trayvon Martin and his family without justice. NOW stands as an unwavering ally in the struggle to end racial profiling and other forms of oppression that continue to plague our society, as we know that racism and sexism are inextricably linked.”
O'Neill pointed out the frightening tragedy implied by the verdict, “We cannot allow our country to be a place where an unarmed teenager walking to his own home can be shot with impunity by a self-styled neighborhood watch vigilante. The gun death of a teenager should not require the protests of thousands to get a proper investigation. Young people of color should not have to fear going out in public, walking down the streets of their neighborhoods, or sitting in their own cars. Racial profiling is a menace; we will not let the unsubstantiated — and racist — fears of some run roughshod over the rights and lives of people of color.”
The NOW President drew the common thread between women's rights and the struggle for equality of all, “NOW activists have added their voices to the groundswell demanding that the Department of Justice investigate George Zimmerman for violating the civil rights of Trayvon Martin. We will continue in our common struggle for equality and justice for all people.”
The various coalitions of the Democratic party have, in the past, been purposefully divided by clever right wing tactics meant to highlight small differences in platforms and beliefs, but the left is catching on. Terry O'Neill's statement is an important reflection of the platform of feminism, which fights for equality for ALL, not just women. NOW has a history of fighting racism.
Human rights are indivisible.
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
From calling for Arab countries to step up against the Islamic State to outlining Silicon Valley's role in protecting Americans' privacy, here are the key moments from Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton's speech on the Islamic State and national security. (Sarah Parnass/The Washington Post)
Will the terror attacks in France make it more likely that the 2016 election will be about foreign policy and national security, thus giving an automatic edge to the GOP?
Some Republicans appear to think that's the case. Marco Rubio's first television ad proclaims: “What happened in Paris could happen here.” And Donald Trump is road-testing a new terrorism-related attack line on Hillary Clinton, claiming that Clinton lacks the “stamina” to be president and deal with the terrorists, who “only understand strength.”
Well, the new Washington Post/ABC News poll would seem to undercut this pleasing little story-line. It finds that Americans trust Clinton more than all her GOP rivals to handle the terrorism issue:
On the question of who is more trusted to handle terrorism, Clinton leads Trump among Americans by 50-42; she leads Ben Carson by 49-40; she leads Ted Cruz by 48-40; she leads Marco Rubio by 47-43; and she leads Jeb Bush by 46-43. In fairness, the last two of those are not statistically significant leads, and among registered voters, her lead “slims or disappears.” But this poll does suggest at a minimum that there is no clear edge for the GOP candidates over Clinton on the issue.
What's striking here is that it comes even as Obama's approval on terrorism is down to 40 percent. As Post polling guru Scott Clement notes, the poll shows a sizable bloc of voters who disapprove of Obama on terrorism but nonetheless say they trust Clinton over her GOP rivals on the issue. There is little question that, if the election is focused on foreign policy, her role in helping the Obama administration formulate the same will come under intense scrutiny, and certainly could emerge as a major vulnerability for her, depending on how international events go over the next year. But this poll suggests voters may at least be open to evaluating Clinton — who has received good press for her detailed and knowledgeable public discussions of foreign policy — independently of the administration in which she served, and on her own terms.
To be clear, I don't think this new polling is necessarily predictive of anything. It is only one poll, and others may show the opposite. We don't know how important terrorism and foreign policy will prove to be in an election a year away. And polling this far out generally tells us little, since most voters aren't paying attention. But this poll does show that it may be folly to assume at the outset that the attacks will give a boost to the GOP's 2016 hopes, simply on the strength of a presumed GOP advantage on national security issues. It's possible, after all, that voters will compare the two nominees to one another in deciding who is better on them.
One last point: While it's true that Clinton has advocated for a significantly more aggressive approach to ISIS than Obama has, Clinton has said we must accept the Syrian refugees, in contrast to her GOP rivals. That is not a popular position right now. Still, if Clinton retains her advantage on terrorism over her GOP rivals nonetheless, it might show that one doesn't have to embrace a politically easy hard line on refugees to be trusted to handle terrorism. Stranger things have happened.
Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton tells supporters not to listen to a call made by Republican candidate Donald Trump to monitor Muslim-Americans. (Reuters)
**********************************************************************
* TRUMP-MENTUM RAGES IN IOWA AND NEW HAMPSHIRE: New CBS News polls find Donald Trump leading in both early states by sizable margins: In Iowa, he has 30 percent of likely GOP primary voters, to 21 percent for Ted Cruz, 19 for Ben Carson and 11 for Marco Rubio. In New Hampshire, Trump has 32 percent, Rubio has 13 percent, and Cruz and Carson each have 10 percent. Note both Cruz's surge in Iowa and Jeb Bush's drop to 6 percent in New Hampshire. Trump also holds a large lead in South Carolina.
As we keep repeating, it can no longer be dismissed as impossible that Trump wins one of the early states. Then things will get really crazy.
* DEM WIN IN LOUISIANA MAY BE GOOD NEWS FOR OBAMACARE: After Democrat John Bel Edwards' victory over David Vitter in the Louisiana governor's race, the Times-Picaune reports that he told reporters that opting into Obamacare's Medicaid expansion will be “among the highest priorities” of his administration, though there may be some differences of opinion among Louisiana legislators about how to do it.
The Kaiser Family Foundation's Larry Levitt calculates that nearly 200,000 Louisiana residents may be eligible for expanded Medicaid. It's all a reminder that in order to advance progressive priorities, Democrats really have to make up more ground on the states.
* HOW BAD IS THE BAD NEWS ABOUT OBAMACARE? Paul Krugman runs through all the ways Obamacare has been a clear success story, and compares that to the run of bad news the law has gotten lately:
Without question, the run of unexpectedly good news for Obamacare has come to an end, as all such runs must. And look, we're talking about a brand-new system in which everyone is still learning how to function. There were bound to be some bobbles along the way. But are we looking at the beginnings of a death spiral? Some people are indeed saying that, but as far as I can tell, they're all people who have been predicting disaster every step of the way, and will still be predicting imminent collapse a decade from now.
It's not surprising that a major reform would hit some difficulties. Nor is it surprising that the usual Obamacare-hating suspects would hype these difficulties into worse news than they are while pretending the law's clear successes (Krugman documents) don't exist.
* CONSERVATIVES PUSH CONGRESS TO BLOCK SYRIAN REFUGEES: The Hill reports that conservatives are gearing up to insist that GOP leaders agree to use the coming government funding fight to defund Obama administration efforts to relocate the Syrian refugees here. Note this:
They've been emboldened by their big victory last week, when 47 Democrats defied a White House veto threat and backed a GOP bill boosting screening requirements for Syrian refugees. The large number of Democrats breaking with the administration shows they are on the winning side, conservatives say.
Great move, Democrats.
* REASONS FOR OPTIMISM ABOUT CONGRESS??? E.J. Dionne notes the ways that Congress is, surprisingly, showing quiet progress behind the scenes. A package of tax breaks for low-income Americans might move forward. And while some are calling for a government shutdown fight to block the Syrian refugees, it might not end all that badly:
Yes, Republicans could try to use the budget to continue their misguided efforts to block Syrian refugees. But there is a fair chance that a few weeks will cool passions and open the way for a more humane and sensible approach to keeping Americans safe. Some Republicans may still insist on dealbreaking riders. But the realists among them should realize that the changes they seek will be achieved only by winning the presidential election — a cause they would set back by picking their fights now.
The Thanksgiving recess really could end up cooling passions and allowing for a not-terrible compromise in the end.
* RUBIO CLEANS UP HIS MOSQUE QUOTES: We noted on Friday that Rubio had stopped well short of repudiating Trump's call for closing mosques. In an interview with the Guardian's Sabrina Siddiqui, Rubio went further than before, saying:
“On the issue of mosques, no, we're not going to target any specific facility. Anywhere that terrorism is being inspired. It could be a community center. It could be an online site. We need to focus in on areas where people are being radicalized. But that doesn't mean you go around saying you're going to target specifically centers of worship. The enormous majority of mosques in this country have nothing to do with radical Islam. So that's not a serious proposal. We need to target anywhere where people are being radicalized.”
It's still unclear what Rubio means when he says we need to “target” and “focus in” on these places, mosques included, but he may mean intensified surveillance.
US Senators Unveil Their Attempt To Secure The Internet Of Very Broken Things
from the good-luck-with-that dept
Over the last few years we've documented in painstaking detail how the lack of any real security and privacy standards in "internet of things" devices is leading us down a path to some serious trouble. That shouldn't be particularly surprising if you've paid attention to how your refrigerator can now leak your Gmail credentials, your "smart" thermostat is now vulnerable to ransomeware attacks, your smart car could be hacked in order to kill you, your power outlets can be hacked and used to launch DDOS attacks, or how your vibrator is now busy collecting data on your daily behavior.
There's one root cause: companies that prioritized making a quick buck over implementing anything resembling sane security or privacy standards.
And despite this dysfunction now being the butt of endless jokes, things really haven't changed all that much, since actually giving a damn about the problem would erode profit margins for WiFi-enabled widget makers. The end result is the daily introduction of millions of new attack vectors for both homes and businesses on a global scale. As such, there's more than a few security experts that, no hyperbole intended, believe it's inevitable that this problem will impact core infrastructure leading to significant human casualties.
Given this is a global problem, and many of these companies are Chinese, legislating the problem away via U.S. law is likely going to be a steep uphill climb. That apparently doesn't seem to concern Congress, which this week introduced a new bill they hope will help secure the internet of very broken things:
"The new bill would require vendors that provide internet-connected equipment to the U.S. government to ensure their products are patchable and conform to industry security standards. It would also prohibit vendors from supplying devices that have unchangeable passwords or possess known security vulnerabilities. Republicans Cory Gardner and Steve Daines and Democrats Mark Warner and Ron Wyden are sponsoring the legislation, which was drafted with input from technology experts at the Atlantic Council and Harvard University. A Senate aide who helped write the bill said that companion legislation in the House was expected soon."
While IOT legislation may be well-intentioned, many of these devices (like the security cameras and DVRs that contributed to the historically massive DDOS attack on Dyn last year) are made in China, where manufacturers will laugh off foreign legislative band-aids. And while there's very legitimate concerns that legislation crafted by a Luddite Congress could stifle innovation and experimentation in the space, this particular proposal does at least apply some standards to the IOT devices purchased and used by the federal government, injecting at least a layer of sanity and reflection to the rapid expansion of poorly-secured IOT devices.
Security researcher Brian Krebs highlights another good part of the bill, namely the portion that expands legal protections for cyber researchers working in "good faith" to hack equipment to find vulnerabilities so manufacturers can patch previously unknown flaws:
"Those advocates were no doubt involved in shaping other aspects of this legislation, including one that exempts cybersecurity researchers engaging in good-faith research from liability under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act (CFAA), a dated anti-cybercrime law that many critics say has been abused by government prosecutors and companies to intimidate and silence security researchers. Perhaps the most infamous example of prosecutorial overreach under the CFAA comes in Aaron Swartz, a Harvard research fellow who committed suicide after being hounded by multiple CFAA fraud charges by state and federal prosecutors for downloading a large number of academic journals.
All of that said, the legislation isn't going to do enough to prevent major, looming problems. Between 20 billion and 30 billion "IOT" devices are expected to be connected to the internet by 2020 worldwide. And as Bruce Schneier has noted on occasion, the origins of this market failure begin with an apathetic cycle of dysfunction between both hardware vendors and consumers, something that the market alone has shown it's not capable of -- or seriously interested in -- fixing:
"The market can't fix this because neither the buyer nor the seller cares. The owners of the webcams and DVRs used in the denial-of-service attacks don't care. Their devices were cheap to buy, they still work, and they don't know any of the victims of the attacks. The sellers of those devices don't care: They're now selling newer and better models, and the original buyers only cared about price and features. There is no market solution, because the insecurity is what economists call an externality: It's an effect of the purchasing decision that affects other people. Think of it kind of like invisible pollution."
So while this law may be a start, it's going to take a lot more than U.S.-specific legislation to fix this particular market failure, assuming such laws don't actually manage to make the problem worse. Smart networks, smarter engineers, better routers, better code, and better communications between companies, governments, activists, and other stakeholders are all essential to get ahead of this particular threat. Fixing the internet of broken things requires a massive, over-arching, holistic effort, one that doesn't exist yet, and unfortunately isn't likely to gain serious momentum until after the internet of broken things check comes due.
Filed Under: cfaa, congress, iot, mandates, researchers, security
Help-Wanted Ad Shows Depths Of Spain's Unemployment Problem
Enlarge this image toggle caption Paul White/AP Paul White/AP
Having trouble wrapping your head around southern Europe's staggering unemployment problem?
Look no further than a single Ikea furniture store on Spain's Mediterranean coast.
The Swedish retailer plans to open a new megastore next summer near Valencia. On Monday, Ikea's Spanish website started taking applications for 400 jobs at the new store.
The company wasn't prepared for what came next.
Within 48 hours, more than 20,000 people had applied online for those 400 jobs. The volume crashed Ikea's computer servers in Spain.
"We had an avalanche of applicants!" Ikea spokesman Rodrigo Sanchez told NPR in a phone interview. "With that quantity, our servers just didn't have the capacity. They collapsed. After 48 hours, we had to temporarily close the job application process. We're working on a solution, to reopen the job page as soon as possible."
That initial volume alone gives applicants a 1-in-50 chance of landing the job — three times more difficult than getting into Harvard last year.
And that's factoring in only the applicants in the first 48 hours, who managed to apply online before Ikea's servers crashed. Once Ikea gets its servers back up and running, the job application window will still stay open until Dec. 31, allowing potentially tens of thousands more job seekers to file applications, Sanchez said.
"I feel lucky to have a job. Ikea is a great company. In this case we have 20,000 initial people who want to work with us," he said. "But we know we're in this situation at least in part because of the state of the Spanish economy."
Spain's unemployment rate is 26 percent; it's more than double that among people in their 20s. Greece, Italy and Portugal also suffer from painfully high unemployment — and economists predict they will continue to do so even after they emerge from recession.
The Spanish economy posted 0.1 percent growth in the third quarter of this year, marking the official halt of recession. Exports are up, and Parliament has passed critical labor reforms.
Spain's jobless rate actually dropped 1 percent this year. But that's little consolation for those Ikea job seekers. It could be years before their odds improve.
Matt Cassel has all but won the starting quarterback job in Minnesota, but Vikings coach Mike Zimmer isn't ready to admit it.
"No," Zimmer said, when asked if he was willing to officially hand Cassel the job after Saturday night's easy 30-12 preseason win over the Kansas City Chiefs.
It wasn't Cassel's finest work this month, but he was steady in a 9-of-17 performance that saw the veteran throw for 152 yards with one touchdown and a pick while mining into the third quarter.
"I thought Matt played well," Zimmer said. "He led them down a 97-yard drive to start the ball game, made a great (touchdown) throw to Cordarrelle (Patterson) and got hit and smacked a couple times but stood in there."
Cassel's long night kept rookie challenger Teddy Bridgewater off the field until deep in the third quarter, when the first-round passer took over on the Kansas City 8-yard line and proceeded to throw a quick touchdown dart to reserve tight end Allen Reisner. Bridgewater's next march was even shorter, taking over on the Chiefs' 5-yard line and hitting Reisner again for the score.
The Vikings are sitting pretty under center. Cassel has thrived in Norv Turner's offense and looks the part of an experienced "bridge" passer able to guide the attack until Bridgewater blooms. What we've seen from the rookie suggests he'll see starts this season, especially if Cassel begins to unravel.
Look for the Vikings to name Cassel as their starter early this week. Anything else would serve as a shock.
The "Around the League Podcast" Fantasy Football Extravaganza has landed. Tell your friends and lovers.
Sharp differences remain between Senate Republicans and the White House. Fall preview: Shutdown, debt fight
With Washington consumed by scandals this summer, the White House and GOP congressional leaders are slowly lurching toward a potential debt default or government shutdown this fall.
Three months after President Barack Obama began his charm offensive with Senate Republicans, the two sides have yet to even agree on the scope of the spending or deficit problems — let alone what's needed to solve it.
Story Continued Below
Their sharp differences were on display in private meetings on Capitol Hill last week between Senate GOP lawmakers and top White House officials. They underscore the growing expectations that the two sides will fail to reach a budget agreement this year, meaning the crisis atmosphere that dominated the fiscal debate during much of 2011 and 2012 could return in the coming months.
( PHOTOS: Who won, lost with fiscal cliff deal)
House Republicans and Senate Democrats remain more than $90 billion apart on 2014 discretionary spending, with prospects for a House-Senate conference on the budget dwindling daily. Obama has issued veto threats for two spending bills already approved by the House, and the Appropriations panels in both chambers know many of their bills might not ever reach the floor. The fiscal year ends on Sept. 30, but both sides are already preparing for a continuing resolution to fund the government into next year.
While the Senate was paying its respects on Wednesday to the late Democrat Frank Lautenberg, White House chief of staff Denis McDonough privately met with more than a dozen Senate Republicans who outlined their view of the budget picture over the next three decades instead of over the 10-year window used by administration number crunchers, according to attendees.
McDonough and Rob Nabors, White House deputy chief of staff, were noncommittal on Senate Republicans' budget projections, which were presented by Sen. Ron Johnson (R-Wis.). But sources familiar with the meeting say the White House is skeptical of the Republican numbers because they would make it easier for the GOP to achieve its policy objectives.
“You're not going to solve the problem until you properly define the problem,” Johnson told POLITICO on Monday. “We are at the stage — which I think is a necessary first step — that we have got to agree on the extent of the problem. It's pointless to talk about solutions until we agree on the extent of the problem.”
Separately, Republicans and Democrats on the Senate Finance Committee met behind closed doors with Treasury Secretary Jack Lew about whether there should be conditions tied to boosting the U.S. debt limit. But the two sides remain at an impasse on how to proceed on that hugely controversial issue. The Treasury Department has said it will the borrowing limit by Labor Day, although outside forecasters predict that deadline won't be until October.
( PHOTOS: 12 Republicans resigned to higher taxes)
At that meeting, according to attendees, Republicans demanded that any increase in the debt ceiling be tied to an overhaul of the federal Tax Code as well as potentially major changes to entitlement programs.
“Sen. [Orrin] Hatch believes that any debt ceiling increase should include spending reductions and reforms and that it's time the president get in the game to come to a meaningful resolution instead of creating a false fight,” said Antonia Ferrier, his spokeswoman. Hatch, the top Republican on the Senate Finance Committee, and GOP leaders have ruled out any tax increases as part of a budget deal.
Lew, though, flatly rejected that idea, saying that tax reform should be held off until the debt limit is increased and that the national borrowing limit should be increased without preconditions. New York Sen. Chuck Schumer, a senior member of the Democratic leadership, strongly backed Lew's position , several sources said.
“[Lew] delivered the same message he's delivered publicly many times,” a Treasury official said on condition of anonymity. “We have a shared interest in tax reform, but [that] needs to happen in the context of a broader fiscal frame. In other words, [you] need to know what your revenue target is before you set out.”
As he opened the meeting with Lew, Finance Committee Chairman Max Baucus (D-Mont.) declared the debt limit should be raised with no preconditions, according to attendees.
Icelandic Social Affairs Minister Johanna Sigurdardottir would be the world's first openly gay leader if she becomes Prime Minister of Iceland, as is widely expected. Although Per-Kristian Foss served as acting Prime Minister in Norway very briefly in 2002, this represents the first time that a gay leader would assume the reins of a modern state. Sigurdardottir would also become the first female Prime Minister in Iceland's history.
As has been extensively reported, Iceland is in the midst of an economic and political crisis that has brought down the ruling coalition of Geir Haarde. Although elections have been called for in May, Mr. Haarde has announced that he will step down because of the discovery of a malignant tumor on his esophagus earlier this week.
It is all but certain that Johanna Sigurdardottir will replace Geir Haarde (in background) as Iceland's next Prime Minister. Photo credit: Vidskiptabladid/HARI
This small North Atlantic nation was the first to elect a female head of state when Vigdis Finnbogadottir became its 4th president in 1980. Although that event was widely publicized at the time, Ms. Sigurdardottir's appointment has been met with general apathy both inside and outside the country.
I guess I still have the attitude of most Icelanders when it comes to matters of sexual issues, because I failed to pick up on the newsworthiness of Sigurdardottir's sexual orientation. "Oh, vow," said an American friend of mine, "that's really something! First openly gay world leader!"
Huh? Why, who cares? Even after living in America all these years, where hounding politicians into surrealistic hell about their private lives is the norm, it didn't really ring bells for me. "I don't see what her sexual orientation has to do with anything," my mother told me yesterday. "It's no one's business but her own."
My usually taciturn father agreed strongly. "She is the most trusted and respected politician in the country," he said, "and she is simply the best person available for the job. Ja, that is just twisted thinking," he replied when I told him that her sexual orientation would probably be more newsworthy in America than anything else surrounding her appointment.
Sigurdardottir, 66, has a long background in Icelandic liberal politics. She has been a member of Althingi (the Parliament) since 1978, was Minister of Social Affairs in 1987 until 1994, and again in 2007. She is one of the most popular politicians in the country; in a recent Gallup poll 73 percent of respondents said they were satisfied with her work. She is also the only minister whose popularity had increased compared to a similar poll undertaken in December 2007.
Sigurdardottir is the mother of two grown sons and is married to Icelandic writer and playwright Jonina Leosdottir. She is often described by many of her countrymen as the only politician who really cares about the "little guy." She has devoted her career to fighting for the welfare and equality of minority groups - women, the elderly, the poor, disabled, and immigrants. She holds no fancy foreign diplomas - she has a Commercial degree from the Commercial College of Iceland - nor extensive family or wealth connections like many Icelandic politicians but has diligently worked her way up the political ladder through hard work and determination. Her professional career includes working in the 60s and 70s as a flight attendant for Icelandair (the old Loftleidir Airlines) and an office worker in Reykjavik.
Germans agonized over whether they were ready for its first gay leader in 2006 after that country's leading homosexual politician, Klaus Wowereit, 55, who proudly hugged his long-standing boyfriend in front of television cameras, won a second term as mayor of Berlin. The French grappled with the issue in 2001 when Bertrand Delanoe, 59, one of the country's first openly gay politicians became mayor of Paris. Last year, the popular Delanoe declared his candidacy for leadership of France's Socialist party and has been said to be considering running for president in 2012.
"No one has ever talked about Johanna (Icelanders always use first names) as a gay person," an Icelandic friend and a prominent journalist told me this morning. "She's not hiding it either, the name of her spouse is on her Parliament and Ministry web pages, it's just that nobody cares about it, any more than people cared in 1980, when Vigdis Finnbogadottir ran for president, that she was a woman and a single mother to boot.
"Johanna is very smart and not afraid to tackle difficult issues, and I think she can unite us," my friend added. "Reasonable, sane people are not going to care about people's gender or color. They just want the best person for the job."Photo credit:Vidskiptabladid/BIG
Windows 8 is going to start behaving a little more like Windows 7, but that doesn't mean Microsoft is giving up on the idea of a tablet-friendly operating system.
At its Build developers conference in San Francisco on Wednesday, Microsoft announced a trio of new features for Windows 8.1 that had a decidedly "old-school" feel: First, Windows will get a bunch of tweaks that make it easier to use with a keyboard and mouse. Second, Microsoft announced that Windows 8-style "Modern" apps will run in a window in the traditional desktop interface. Third, the Start menu -- the ultimate signifier of "old" Windows -- is eventually coming back.
But the tweaks are less about Microsoft (MSFT) running away from its controversial Windows 8 redesign and more a concession that the company tried to transition traditional PC users over to the radically different design of Windows 8 too quickly.
And if anything, Microsoft's decision to cater to these unconvinced users isn't a step backwards -- it's a ploy to reel them in.
Related: Microsoft makes Windows 8.1 more mouse-friendly
Despite the changes, Microsoft isn't phasing out or decreasing the presence of Windows 8's new design. In fact, these forthcoming features will actually make the Modern design more visible throughout the operating system.
It's a more gentle way of nudging the entrenched Windows 7, Vista and XP users towards change. And catering to these users could help jumpstart Microsoft's lagging ecosystem of Modern apps, which is lagging considerably behind iOS and Android.
One of the most revealing, big-picture moments of Microsoft's latest Windows announcements was that developers can now build a single app that runs on all three major Microsoft platforms - Windows, Windows Phone, and Xbox.
That is a major undertaking on Microsoft's part and it's all built around the new Modern style of Windows. That means Microsoft is committed to its new design vision for the foreseeable future. Combined with Microsoft's embrace of its legacy PC features, a strategy starts to take shape about how Microsoft will compete against Apple (AAPL) and Google (GOOAV).
Related: Meet Cortana, Microsoft's Siri
Microsoft has the right technological pieces in place with its phones and tablets -- and a lot of users. But all of those users are sticking to older versions of Windows and aren't embracing Microsoft's mobile products.
By letting developers build a universal app, and making that app accessible and palatable to traditional desktop users, it could create a perfect storm. Microsoft's Windows user base is helping to flesh out its mobile app ecosystem -- without actually using the mobile products. And with more apps available for its smartphones, more people might start buying them. Problems solved.
Of course, that outcome is anything but certain, and failure is a very real possibility. But Microsoft's decision to bridge the gap between its past and present is neither retrograde, nor is it blindly pointless.
If Canucks general manager Jim Benning likes the core of this team as much as he claims to, it would appear there should now be a clear frontrunner for the club's vacant head coaching job.
That would be Dan Bylsma, the recently deposed coach of the Pittsburgh Penguins, who won a Stanley Cup in 2009 after he took over from Michel Therrien in the middle of the season; a man who is said to be a clone of Alain Vigneault. He's also a man who was none too thrilled to be kept hanging around as long as he was by the Pens, only to be dumped on Friday, but there was nothing he could do about it.
But we digress. Who better to follow AV here in Vancouver than the same guy who had great success following his body double, Therrien, in Pittsburgh — the one thorny year of John Tortorella perhaps the only thorny issue spoiling what could be the perfect succession plan.
Since that wonderful first year in Pittsburgh, obviously things haven't gone as well for Bylsma, but there is a pretty good explanation for just about every failing the team had under his watch.
For starters, no coach, whether it be Toe Blake or Scotty Bowman, could win anything with the kind of hilarious goaltending the Penguins got from Marc-Andre Fleury in the playoffs in two of those seasons. No amount of explaining away those failings by the many defenders of the goaltending profession can excuse those meltdowns. Fleury was just flat-out, unacceptably bad and his performance was simply insufficient for any team, no matter how many goals they scored, to make it anywhere near a decent playoff showing.
Fleury was good enough to allow the Pens to get more done this year, for sure, but the Pittsburgh problem was lack of depth after the top players, who didn't perform at anywhere near the level needed for this team to flourish. But is Bylsma to blame for not motivating Sidney Crosby? Or did the captain of Team Canada simply run out of gas for the first time in his fabled career? Was Kris Letang not trying hard enough? Evgeny Malkin might well have been Pittsburgh's best player, with 14 points in 13 games, so he can certainly get stars going even in a losing cause.
But this is not to say it wasn't time for a change in Pittsburgh. It was, and the Penguins' need to move on may be a bonus for the Canucks, who can suddenly get into the market for a guy with lots of NHL experience who is familiar with shifting a team's focus from extreme defence to a more uptempo attack style — a style which is essentially the only way this roster as presently constituted is going to have anything remotely resembling any kind of success.
As the research shows time and again, coaches have their best success with teams early on in their tenure. Look at the two Cup finalists this year: AV and Darryl Sutter, two classic examples. Sutter won the Kings' first Cup after he took over the team mid-season in 2012, and now has them back knocking on the door, all accomplished in his first two-and-a-half seasons as head coach. AV steps into New York, strikes the right chord, and off they go.
If it doesn't happen early in a coach's time with a team, it almost never happens. The clock clicks down, the players tire of the message and the cadence of its delivery, and a coach's effectiveness diminishes. Only the very best in history — the likes of Scotty Bowman, Toe Blake and Al Arbour — have in any way bucked that trend, and they all were fortunate to have dominant teams with motivated superstars with whom to work. And their longevity was ongoing only because their early teams in that city had experienced success under the same or similar message.
When Bowman was in Buffalo, he got to the conference final his first year. Virtually nothing happened in his next six years with the Sabres, despite coming from Montreal, where he won five Stanley Cups in eight seasons. He got fired, went to Pittsburgh to take over for the ailing Badger Bob Johnson, who'd just won the 1991 Cup with the Pens before being struck down by brain cancer. Bowman promptly won the Cup again with the Pens — in his first year. If it's going to happen, it happens early.
Nobody knows Benning well enough to get a feeling for which way he might be leaning. But if Bylsma enters the mix, he'll join Mike Johnston, the Portland Winterhawks coach and former Canucks assistant, Los Angeles Kings assistant John Stevens, and Texas Stars head coach Willie Desjardins as the frontrunners in the Canucks' coaching sweepstakes.
Admit it. You're bored by Islamic History. Sure, you might say that you find it fascinating, but the likelihood is that you are far more likely to be enamoured by the idea of what Islamic history should be like rather than the history itself.
How can I justify saying this? Well, lets take any other aspect of life that you are definitely not bored by. The latest Star Wars movie perhaps, Super Bowl 50 or all 7 Harry Potter books. Anything at all. Odds are that you can remember a lot about them in vivid detail. But if you're asked the same thing about pretty much any aspect of Islamic history, the details are likely to be nowhere near as clear or captivating.
Relax. For once, it is not your fault.
Islamic history is the poor cousin of the Islamic sciences. It can often be poorly taught, poorly understood and even more poorly preserved. The blame for this partly falls on the shoulders of the Islamic historians themselves. Apart from some notable exceptions, many Islamic history books are dreary affairs over-filled with numbers, dates and exceptionally long names of individuals who sound very similar.
It is not that Islamic history itself is boring. On the contrary, I would make the case that no other history is as palpitation inducing, full of giddy highs and dramatic – seemingly bottomless – lows. However, even the most amazing thriller can go from awe to yawn if the main focus is on the factual details rather than the story itself.
In 2007 Deborah Small at the Wharton School of Business conducted an experiment to see how people would react to a charity campaign that was presented primarily using facts and figures as compared to the same campaign presented as a story. The outcome wasn't even close. Stories trump stats every time. Or, as Stalin would say “The death of one man is a tragedy. The death of millions is a statistic.” He should know. He was kind of an expert on the subject.
Like this? Get more of our great articles. Get more of our great articles.
In fact, we don't need to look to modern research to prove this. The Quran itself is full of stories and lessons, but short on details. How many animals made it on to the Ark? Where exactly did Khidr live? What was the name of the Pharoah that was the arch-nemesis of Musa ? The lack of facts and figures detracts nothing from the power of these stories and their ability to inspire and transform those hearing them.
Allah was explicit on this point when it came to the stories of the Companions of the Cave. Allah admonishes those who debate on the exact number of those in the cave saying “Now some say they were three and the fourth one is their dog and some will say they were five and the sixth one is their dog, guessing randomly at the unseen.” It is unfortunate that we don't heed this lesson when it comes to how we teach our own Islamic history.
Maya Angelou said ‘I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.' If we want our Islamic history to be relevant and life-changing, we need to put away the facts and figures and bring out the monsters and legends.
For weeks, Bob Bradley has been rumored to be leaving Stabaek and joining Le Havre.
On Tuesday, the French club made it all official.
Ligue 2 side Le Havre has announced that Bradley has signed on as its head coach, effective as of Nov. 11. Bradley, 57, joins Le Havre on a two-year deal after finding success during his two seasons with Stabaek in Norway. He led the club to a third-place finish during the 2015 campaign, winning it a spot in the 2016-17 UEFA Europa League.
Bradley will now be tasked with trying to help Le Havre gain promotion to Ligue 1. The club is currently in fourth place in France's second division with 23 points, only four points shy of league leaders Metz. The top two finishers in Ligue 2 move up to the top flight.
Pierre Barrieu, the former U.S. Men's National Team's fitness coach who served under Bradley, also joins the Le Havre staff.
Bradley, who has also coached the Egyptian national team in recent years, will take charge of his first match vs. Saint-Omer this Saturday in the seventh round of the Coupe de France. He will then set his sights on league play, as Le Havre hosts Brest on Nov. 23.
What do you think of Bradley becoming Le Havre's head coach? Will he lead the club to a promotion to Ligue 1? What will be his biggest challenge in France? Is this his most difficult task to date?
Share your thoughts below.
Ian Stewart, author of the bestselling Professor Stewart's Cabinet of Mathematical Curiosities, presents a new and magical mix of games, puzzles, paradoxes, brainteasers, and riddles. He mingles these with forays into ancient and modern mathematical thought, appallingly hilarious mathematical jokes, and enquiries into the great mathematical challenges of the present and past. Amongst a host of arcane and astonishing facts about every kind of number from irrational or imaginary to complex or cuneiform, we find out: how to organise chaos; how matter balances anti-matter; how to turn a sphere inside out (without creasing it...); why you can't comb a hairy ball; how to calculate pi by observing the stars. And we get some tantalising glimpses of the maths of life and the universe.Mind-stretching, enlightening and endlessly amusing, Professor Stewart's new entertainment will stimulate, delight, and enthral.
Clinicians and patients may find recent studies relevant to decisions about lipid-lowering therapy to be perplexing. There are now, for the first time, 3 evidence-based options to modify atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease risk via lipid-lowering medications. With new information emerging, recent guidelines aging, and decisions needing to be made, this is an opportune time to review lipid-lowering therapy in the age of increasing evidence-based choice. The focus in this Viewpoint is on typical patients, not those with extreme phenotypes.
When the American College of Cardiology/American Heart Association (ACC/AHA) published the Guideline on the Treatment of Blood Cholesterol to Reduce Atherosclerotic Cardiovascular Risk in Adults1 in 2013, only the use of statins, among lipid-lowering medications, was strongly supported by evidence of improved patient outcomes. The guideline's emphasis on statins for secondary prevention and for individuals at higher risk of disease was reinforced by a recent report that estimated the treatment of 10 000 patients for 5 years would cause 1 case of rhabdomyolysis, 5 cases of myopathy, 75 new cases of diabetes, and 7 hemorrhagic strokes while averting about 1000 events among those with preexisting disease, and 500 among those with elevated risk but without preexisting disease.2 Despite this evidence, uptake of statins remains suboptimal in the United States and elsewhere and offers an opportunity for improvement. Moreover, despite the available research, evidence is lacking about the comparative effectiveness and safety of particular statins for specific individuals.3
The groundbreaking pivot of the ACC/AHA Guideline from targets to the use of evidence-based treatments based on risk was not a repudiation of the lipid hypothesis, but rather an effort to align recommendations with evidence. The trials had tested the effect of specific drug regimens on risk, not a strategy of treating to a target-level agnostic to drug. Moreover, the trial evidence proved that not all drugs that favorably modify lipid levels improve patient outcomes, perhaps because of their negative pleiotropic effects.
More evidence-based options have emerged for secondary prevention. The Improved Reduction of Outcomes: Vytorin Efficacy International Trial (IMPROVE-IT)4 reported that adding ezetimibe to effective statin therapy in stable patients who experienced an acute coronary syndrome reduced low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) from 70 mg/dL to 54 mg/dL (to convert LDL-C from mg/dL to mmol/L, multiply by 0.0259), and reduced risk of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease outcome at 7 years from 34.7% to 32.7%. The Further Cardiovascular Outcomes Research with PCSK9 Inhibition in Subjects with Elevated Risk (FOURIER) trial5 reported that the addition of evolocumab, a proprotein convertase subtilisin–kexin type 9 (PCSK9) inhibitor, to effective statin therapy reduced LDL-C from 92 mg/dL to 30 mg/dL and decreased the composite cardiovascular outcome over 2.2 years from 11.3% to 9.8%, a 15% relative reduction. Of note, both drugs were only tested in high-risk individuals.
There are some caveats to the new evidence. Although no significant safety signals emerged with either drug, some consider the benefits to be relatively small. The US Food and Drug Administration determined in 2016 that the IMPROVE-IT trial was insufficient to expand the label for ezetimibe to include reducing the risk of myocardial infarction and stroke. Ezetimibe, nevertheless, is now available as a generic and is inexpensive. But evolocumab is costly, and its value is under debate. Also, evolocumab was not tested against a statin-plus-ezetimibe combination, which might currently be the appropriate comparator. For most patients, both drugs will be second-line and third-line options. Meanwhile, physicians await evidence regarding other alternatives, such as alirocumab, anacetrapib, icosapent ethyl, and RNA interference agents, to see if they will join the evidence-based outcomes options.
New evidence has suggested that niacin is not effective. The Heart Protection Study 2–Treatment of HDL to Reduce the Incidence of Vascular Events (HPS2-THRIVE) trial6 reported that among 25 673 high-risk individuals with established atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease, adding extended-release niacin in combination with laropiprant (used to mitigate the discomfort of niacin-generated flushing) to effective statin-based LDL-C–lowering treatment failed to realize any clinical benefit. The niacin combination increased the risk of adverse events, reduced quality-of-life–adjusted survival, and increased costs.6
Lipid-lowering therapy for primary prevention, that is, for patients with no previous cardiovascular event, can be a complex decision. Risk assessment is a linchpin that guides decision making for primary prevention. Individuals with the highest risk have the most to gain. Meanwhile, there are debates about which risk calculator is best for which patients. Studies show some differences, but, from the patient's perspective, the differences among them likely seem small and only important when guidelines suggest there is a specific artificial threshold above which treatment is recommended. What is increasingly clear is that nearly half of individuals without prior disease who are identified as being at high risk of disease by conventional risk scores may be reclassified as having much lower risk in the absence of coronary artery calcium.7
In addition, shared decision making is particularly important when the risks and costs of an intervention are immediate and the benefits are in the future. Moreover, patients vary considerably in their views about what amount of benefit from a prevention drug is meaningful enough to merit taking a pill every day. Nevertheless, despite the importance of shared decision making, as noted in the ACC/AHA guideline, few effective tools exist. In particular, there remains a need for better point-of-care algorithms that individualize estimates of risks and benefits and that could be presented in a way that would enable patients to participate actively in the decision if that were their choice.
So how should clinicians address cholesterol in 2017 (Figure). Except for extreme phenotypes, the decision is about risk reduction, not cholesterol levels. The evidence-based lipid-lowering drugs seem to lower risk even if a patient's initial LDL is low; they are risk-reduction medications. Two people may choose different strategies and both be right based on their preferences. The key is that clinicians do not dictate treatments but help inform choices. Different people may choose differently, and all be correct for what is important to them.
Figure. Lipid-Lowering Therapy to Reduce Risk of Atherosclerotic Cardiovascular Disease (ASCVD)
So first, orient the patient to ASCVD risks and determine risk based on prior ASCVD events, risk calculator, or coronary calcium score. Promote a healthful lifestyle for everyone, with attention to smoking cessation, healthful diet, regular physical activity, and optimal weight. Then, discuss benefits, risks, and costs of evidence-based lipid-lowering therapy, helping patients understand what they stand to gain and what it will take to get there. For people at highest risk, including those who have already experienced an ASCVD event, treatment with high-dosage, high-intensity statins (eg, atorvastatin 80 mg/d) can best reduce risk with minimal adverse effects and cost. For lower-risk individuals, treatment with statins provides a smaller benefit, but many will find the benefits to outweigh risks. In this case, it is prudent to begin with a lower dosage of statins (eg, atorvastatin 20 mg/d) and intensify depending on the patient's preference for greater risk reduction. For those who have experienced an event and desire even more risk reduction, nonstatin treatment may be considered using ezetimibe first, and then, possibly, evolocumab. For those who have a mild or moderate intolerance to statins, another statin may be tried before progressing to the evidence-based nonstatin therapies. For those with a severe reaction, the use of evidence-based nonstatins would be preferred. In all cases, the use of medications without outcomes evidence should be avoided, especially those with safety concerns. Physicians can consider lipid-level testing as a tool to evaluate adherence, in partnership with patients. Finally, best practice should involve regular reassessment of the patient's preference, medication approach, and tolerance to the medication.
The overarching goal is to derive maximum benefit from clinical care while maintaining alignment with each patient's preferences and goals. The strongest treatment recommendations should be where the risk is highest, the evidence is robust, and the cost is affordable. The use of statins for higher-risk patients and the judicious use of other evidence-based options, partnership in decision making with patients, and wise reliance on healthful lifestyles provide the best hope of success in preventing the morbidity and mortality caused by cardiovascular disease.
Back to top Article Information
Corresponding Author: Harlan M. Krumholz, MD, SM, Section of Cardiovascular Medicine, Department of Internal Medicine, Yale School of Medicine, 1 Church St, Ste 200, New Haven, CT 06510 (harlan.krumholz@yale.edu).
Published Online: July 24, 2017. doi:10.1001/jama.2017.6753
Conflict of Interest Disclosures: The author has completed and submitted the ICMJE Form for Disclosure of Potential Conflicts of Interest and reported that he received research grants from Medtronic, Johnson & Johnson (Janssen), the US Food and Drug Administration, all through Yale; works under contract with the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services; chairs a cardiac scientific advisory board for UnitedHealth; is a participant and participant representative of the IBM Watson Health Life Sciences Board; is a member of the Advisory Board for Element Science and the Physician Advisory Board for Aetna; and is the founder of Hugo, a personal health information platform.
Additional Contributions: The author thanks Suveen Angraal, MBBS, Maria Johnson, MBA, and Erica Spatz, MD, Yale School of Medicine; Marilyn Mann, JD; Khurram Nasir, MD, Baptist Health South Florida, Miami; and Karol Watson, MD, PhD, Department of Medicine/Cardiology, Barbra Streisand Women's Heart Health Program, David Geffen School of Medicine at UCLA, for their thoughtful review of this work, for which they were not remunerated.
Work will inevitably bring challenges for any employee, but tools needed to complete a job shouldn't be the source of frustration. Unfortunately, that was the situation Comit Developers' chief architect Bryan "BJ" Hoffpauir found himself in.
As a mobile Web application development and hosting business based in Louisiana, the Comit Developers' team needed a reliable Web and mobile integration tool that would meet its needs and the needs of its clientele. "Our existing website that we developed for our customers and for ourselves was on a platform that was basically hard to work with," Hoffpauir said. To make life simpler, he decided it was time to modernize the company's use of Apache and PHP.
Finding the right fit BJ Hoffpauir,
Comit Developers BJ Hoffpauir,Comit Developers Hoffpauir knew whatever Web and mobile integration tool he selected, there were a few must-have features. Some of them were performance, continuous delivery options and easy cost predictions. "Having the ability to set up an instance on the Amazon Cloud or several instances -- that was one of the criteria," he said. "How easy it was for us to handle the growing capacity problems that we had." While there aren't a lot of competitors in the field, Hoffpauir still had a few options. He and his team talked with one another and read Internet reviews and blogs. The team also conducted some extensive trials. "We basically recreated our customer hosting system," Hoffpauir said. "We did test runs with our own data and just made sure that we crossed our Ts and dotted our Is." Ultimately, they picked Zend Server 7 for a few reasons, including the fact that it provided a scalable system on the Amazon Cloud. "I think the real close for us was how quickly you are able to spin up a test environment to test out what we want to build and design for the migration of our existing customer sites," Hoffpauir said. Furthermore, the team liked the fact that Zend Server 7 offered a prebuilt image.
New York's Mayor Bill de Blasio was greeted with boos and catcalls at a graduation ceremony for new police officers today where he told the cadets they can be "part of the solution."
The mayor's comments were the first to the police since this weekend when hundreds of officers turned their backs on an outdoor monitor showing de Blasio speaking at the funeral of Officer Rafael Ramos. Ramos and Officer Wenjian Liu were ambushed in Brooklyn Dec. 20 while sitting in their squad car. The gunman later killed himself. Liu's funeral will be held next weekend.
Slain Cop Called a 'Hero' and Promoted by NYPD Commissioner
More Arrests in Threats to New York City Police Officers
De Blasio presided over the graduation today of the nearly 900 cadets at a ceremony in Madison Square Garden. Boos and catcalls cascaded down upon the mayor when he was introduced. There was a smattering of polite applause.
At one point de Blasio told the cadets, "You didn't create problems," and someone in the crowd shouted audibly "No, you did!" The recruits were stoic.
The mayor continued, telling the cadets, "You can be part of the solution and that is a blessing." He quoted from the Bible saying, "Blessed are the peacemakers for they shall be children of God... We lost two peacemakers nine days ago. We lost two heros. They were children of God for sure."
The police union has been furious at de Blasio for statements that were viewed as sympathetic to protesters demonstrating against the police after a grand jury cleared an officer in the death of Eric Garner, who was arrested and subdued for selling loose cigarets. At one point the mayor, who has a mixed race son, said he warned his son to be careful if he is ever stopped by police.
After the deaths of Ramos and Liu, the police union president said that de Blasio had "blood on his hands" for encouraging hostility to police.
Hey there! Happy New Year! And guess what, we've got a blog post for you!
2016, suffice it to say, was a roller-coaster of a year. Crazy stuff happening all around the world, new highs, new lows, and a gigantic deluge of Harambe memes in between for flavor. For better or for worse, it was a very eventful year for most people, and we at Somnova Studios are no exception.
In our previous blog posts throughout the year we've written about quite a few new faces, writers and artists alike, on board to help the team as it chugs along the formidable path of delivering the game to you: one of them being me, Kuroe, working on a shiny new Twins route I'm doing my best not to butcher too badly.
So my story goes like this: basically, the staff has decided to remake the Holm twins' route outline from the ground up to address some issues it had raised in the past, and thus gave me this new framework for me to build on and develop into a full-fledged tale. We had to rework many aspects which I'm not allowed to spoil yet, but one of the most problematic points about the two were their names themselves--some fans have been complaining that Natalya and Natasha are merely variants of the same official name. We have since decided to change it, and since New Year's is also a day to celebrate new beginnings, we're going to have to say goodbye to Natalya and Natasha Holm, and hello to their sparkly new incarnations: Natalya and Sofiya Petrovna Volkova. Not exactly the most exotic of name choices, we admit, but we think that they're by leagues a better, more genuinely "Russian" alternative.
Speaking of new beginnings, then, we're also very proud to announce that yet another member has entered the fold: the awesome Eora, recently joining the team to beef up our art department, who are still working hard to produce assets for the game that's slowly but steadily taking concrete form. (As much as we'd like to let you in on all the amazing things going on behind the scenes, the best we can do for now is assure you that the wheels are turning, and we're doing much, much better now than ever before.)
Right now, the bulk of our work is more on the aforementioned art production process than anything else, and thus, once again, we call on artists out there to get in touch with us either through the forums or our very lively Discord server if you're interested in working with us as we slowly realise the dream of bringing our cute European waifus to life.
three fantastic art pieces for you, courtesy of Eora herself, AngryEvil, and And speaking of art, for this New Year's feature, we have not one, not two, butfantastic art pieces for you, courtesy ofherself,, and Gniratnam ! Enjoy!
Katja by Eora
Natalya by Angry Evil
Volkova Twins by Gniratnam
As the year ends and a new one begins, we'd like to thank you again for the undying support and unwavering patience you've given us, despite the rather sharp twists and turns the project has experienced throughout its nearly five-year lifetime. It gives us strength and inspiration to continue, and the only way we can ever repay that faith is by seeing the project through with all our enthusiasm and energy to the very end, no matter how long it may take.
With that said, we wish you a very happy New Year's Day, and a really awesome 2017 ahead!
CAN we put the Great Forecasting Debate to rest at last? The 2012 presidential election went exactly as predicted by the leading quantitative analysts. Nate Silver of the New York Times's FiveThirtyEight blog, Sam Wang of the Princeton Election Consortium and Drew Linzer of Votamatic all got at least 49 states right. They differed only on Florida, which all three listed as a dead heat, and which indeed turned out to be the closest race. (If it goes to Barack Obama, as seems likely, then Mr Silver and Mr Linzer will have run the table, while Mr Wang will have a single blemish on his record). Mr Silver, who has taken the brunt of the backlash over statistical methods in this campaign, has now been vindicated as the finest soothsayer this side of Nostradamus, and is enjoying a nice sales bump for his new book on the art of prediction.
Just as the criticism piled on Mr Silver in recent months was grossly misplaced, so will the praise be for his sterling showing on election night. The fact of the matter is that predicting the 2012 presidential election was hardly rocket science. By the time the voting began, the state and national polls had largely come into alignment, and Mr Obama led the RealClearPolitics polling average in every state he eventually won except Florida. Mr Silver established his reputation in the 2008 presidential primaries, when his forecasts proved impressively accurate despite highly volatile polling and voting. Since then, elections have offered far fewer surprises. As a result, there have been few opportunities to test whether the complexity of his model really adds much value compared with a simpler approach like Mr Wang's.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
But the strong performance of the publicly available polls does offer two lessons for future forecasters. The first is that pollsters' much-criticised methodology for predicting voter turnout is working just fine. The best argument that the polls overstated Mr Obama's support, advanced by Dan McLaughlin and Ted Frank and implemented in the “Unskewed Polls” compiled by Dean Chambers, was that they predicted a big advantage in Democratic turnout that was unlikely to materialise. In fact, exit polls show that the makeup of the electorate was almost precisely as the polls foresaw: there were a lot more Democrats than Republicans, but the independent vote went heavily for Mr Romney. This supports the interpretation offered by Josh Marshall, that a lot of voters calling themselves “independents” were really disgruntled former Republicans. (Mr Marshall speculates this group is comprised of tea-partiers who thought the GOP had gone soft; I think it's more likely they're moderate business-first Republicans alienated by the party's newly strident tone). Regardless, although these voters have cast aside their party identification, they remain conservative, and preferred Mitt Romney to Mr Obama by a large margin. The conclusion is that re-weighting polls by party identification as well as demographics is a very bad idea. People can and do change their party affiliation, and if pollsters try to control for that by imposing a different turnout model on their sample, they wind up erasing the very signal—a change in the electorate's preference—that they are trying to detect.
A second take-away is that despite Mr Silver's reputation as an evangelist for the accuracy of polls, he probably didn't trust them enough. The main reason why his forecast had a lower likelihood of Mr Obama being re-elected than Mr Wang's did was that Mr Silver assigned a higher probability than Mr Wang did to the risk that the polls were simply wrong, underestimating support for Mr Romney across the board. Only once every last vote has been counted will we be able to determine exactly how close the polls were to the final tallies. But their record this year in predicting the winner in each state means there's a good chance that forecasts four years from now will have more confidence in the polls' reliability than Mr Silver's did this year. That would enable forecasters to assign a high probability of victory even to a candidate with a fairly narrow lead.
Finally, the outcome should leave much of the media eating crow just as much as the Republicans are. As I wrote two days ago, the vast majority of journalists said that the race was “coming down to the wire”, “deadlocked”, “too close to call” or a “toss-up” when it was anything but. Donning my hat as the editor of Game theory, The Economist's sports blog, I think that most political journalism now is where sportswriting was a decade ago. Starting in the 1980s, outsiders armed with calculators such as Bill James began writing that many long-held beliefs about how to win baseball games could not withstand quantitative scrutiny. In the 1990s and early 2000s, early adapters (most prominently Billy Beane, featured in the film “Moneyball”) began implementing the strategies recommended by the analysts, and were rewarded with success on the field. Only after pretty much every team in the game had hired a staff of in-house number-crunchers did the media stop confining modern statistics to isolated “nerd's view” sections—like the New York Times's “Keeping Score” column, to which I am a longtime contributor—and allowing figures to leach into the bulk of their coverage. For the baseball fans among you, the writers' vote on the Most Valuable Player of the American League this year will be a good indication of how far this process has come. If Mike Trout, the statisticians' favourite, is chosen, we can probably declare victory; if Miguel Cabrera, the traditionalists' preference, is selected instead, we still have a long way to go.
In politics, the stakes are much higher, because the media influence the outcome as well as reporting on it. But the process of replacing fact-free punditry with empirical analysis in the press has barely begun. Mr Silver is perfectly accustomed to getting raked across the coals for daring to inject a dose of objectivity into a discussion—he was part of the original vanguard of quantitative baseball analysts (and frequently quoted in “Keeping Score”) long before he moved on to politics. In the sports world, his methods are no longer controversial, and are broadly accepted at least by most young fans. In politics, however, he remains a lightning rod.
I think it is inevitable that media coverage of politics will eventually follow the path taken by sportswriting, and that traditional pundits will be left out in the cold—just as there are ever-fewer members of the old guard, like the recently retired Joe Morgan, in baseball broadcast booths. After all, the campaigns have already been using advanced statistics for years. But it's up to individual news outlets to determine the speed of progress. I hope to see many more references to weighted poll averages, quantitative win probabilities and betting-market odds in the pages of The Economist in the years to come.
Correction: An earlier version of this post mis-stated Josh Marshall's theory regarding the motivations of former Republicans who now identify as independents but still voted for Mr Romney.
Archbishop John Nienstedt of Minnesota is under investigation into "allegations that he had a series of sexual relationships with priests, seminarians and other men."
The archdiocese confirmed the investigation, which was first reported by Commonweal, a Catholic magazine based in New York. Nienstedt, 67, said in a separate statement that the allegations “are absolutely and entirely false” and he said he himself authorized the internal investigation, which he called “independent, thorough.” “The allegations do not involve minors or lay members of the faithful, and they do not implicate any kind of illegal or criminal behavior,” Nienstedt said. “The allegations involve events alleged to have occurred at least a decade ago, before I began serving in the Archdiocese of St. Paul and Minneapolis.” Commonweal's story cites Jennifer Haselberger, former top canon lawyer for Nienstedt, as saying she learned of the investigation when she was questioned by attorneys from the firm that the archdiocese hired, Greene Espel.
The archbishop agreed to hire an outside law firm to investigate the accusation. By early 2014, the archdiocese had selected the top-ranked Minneapolis firm of Greene Espel. Nienstedt, along with auxiliary bishops Lee Piché and Andrew Cozzens, flew to Washington, D.C., to inform the apostolic nuncio of the allegations. Over the course of the investigation, lawyers have interviewed current and former associates and employees of Nienstedt—including Haselberger, who resigned in protest in April 2013. “Based on my interview with Greene Espel—as well as conversations with other interviewees—I believe that the investigators have received about ten sworn statements alleging sexual impropriety on the part of the archbishop dating from his time as a priest in the Archdiocese of Detroit, as Bishop of New Ulm, and while coadjutor and archbishop of St. Paul and Minneapolis,” Haselberger told me. What's more, “he also stands accused of retaliating against those who refused his advances or otherwise questioned his conduct.”
He went on to claim that a single allegation from a former priest accused him of improperly touching his neck. However, according to the law firm hired to conduct the investigation, they have gathered quite a number of sworn affidavits along with allegations that he threatened retaliation against anyone who dared report his behavior.Nienstedt has quite a record of open hostility towards the LGBT community. Back in 2007, he penned an article saying "Those who actively encourage or promote homosexual acts or such activity within a homosexual lifestyle formally cooperate in a grave evil." In another screed he said "Homosexuality must be understood in the context of other human disorders: envy, malice, greed, etc.”
Nienstedt has been unrelenting in his efforts to thwart not only marriage equality, but basic dignity for gay people. He was heavily involved in attempting to get Minnesota to ban same-sex marriage with the Archdiocese contributing $650,000 to the effort. The ban failed and some attribute it to the serious backlash Nienstedt created within his own community.
The Archbishop is also being investigated into whether he had a sexual relationship with a priest named Curtis Wehmeyer who was sentenced to five years after he pleaded guilty to 20 counts of child sex abuse and child pornography. Neinstedt was the man who appointed him to head two different parishes.
Archbishop Nienstedt deserves to have a full investigation of these allegations with judgment withheld until they are complete. However, if these accusations prove true and Nienstedt really did have gay sexy times while demonizing our community, he will have proven himself the worst kind of bigot, the sort that isn't content with merely hating themselves, but by making everyone else suffer for that self-loathing.
Ever since the first European settlers began rowing across Dalco Passage from Tacoma 150 years ago, Vashon Island has attracted nonconformists and skeptics.
Not so surprising then, that in tallies of communities in the United States where high percentages of people choose not to vaccinate their children, Vashon consistently comes out near the top.
The most recent reports from the state Department of Health show that last year parents of 23.1 percent of kindergartners in the Vashon Island School District legally opted out of vaccinations against diphtheria and tetanus, whooping cough, measles, mumps, rubella, polio, Hepatitis B and varicella.
That's five times the state average.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The News Tribune
Overwhelmingly, the reasons Vashon parents cited on their legally required Certificate of Exemption forms were not religious or medical. More than 98 percent checked the box labeled “Personal.”
“When you push on the universe, it pushes back at you,” said Josh DeHaven, 30, a third-generation Vashon Islander and the father of three unvaccinated children. “All these other places are saying, ‘You have to vaccinate your children,' and Vashon is saying, ‘No.'”
DeHaven and his wife, Chi, have three children, Noli, 3; Musik, 5; and Roots, 8.
DeHaven said he does not trust the pharmaceutical and medical industries, which he believes are motivated by profit. He believes doctors push vaccines to make money. He worries about side effects, and he doesn't think the targeted diseases pose serious risks anymore.
“I'm not going to be sticking these needles in my arm or my kids' arms unless I see a threat,” he said, “and I don't see it. Some of this stuff is generations gone.”
The DeHavens do not represent the majority of Vashon Islanders, most of whom choose to vaccinate their children.
“I just don't understand the argument against vaccines,” said Debbie Suchy, a clerk at a Vashon hardware store and the mother of four children, now all adults.
“My kids were vaccinated from Day 1,” she said. “To each his own — I get that. But if their child gets something and goes to school, it has a negative impact on my family. That's not right.”
“Vashon is accepting of different lifestyle choices,” Suchy said, “You're free to feel what you feel and think what you think. But with this issue there is a lot of controversy. I wouldn't say there's a backlash against people who don't vaccinate, because that's too strong a word, but it's a very hot topic.”
Dr. Nicole Maxwell, a naturopathic physician with a one-person practice in Vashon's main business area, said she tries to maintain a balance between those who support vaccinations and those who don't.
“It's an individual decision that depends on the family and the child's health history and the child's genetic makeup,” she said.
Maxwell said she generally supports vaccinations, but, unlike some doctors, she said, she would never think of denying care to anyone because they refuse to be vaccinated.
Only rarely does she attempt to change a patient's mind on vaccinations, she said.
“I try to give a well-balanced view of the known facts that we have,” Maxwell said. “If I know it's something like pertussis, I do try to sway them a little bit, if I know it's high risk.”
Stephanie Knoder, owner of the tiny Pure Organic Café, which specializes in a style of food she calls “living, plant-based vegan,” said she is not strongly for or against vaccines.
She did say, though, that she sees a similarity in the way people accept vaccinations and the way people used to pay so little attention to the food they ate.
“People were blindly eating for so long, just basically taking people's word for it and eating processed, packaged foods,” she said. “I think people should question everything — especially with the medical profession.
“I don't have children, so I don't know whether I would vaccinate or not,” Knoder said.
“I do know that both sides have the best interests of their kids in mind. They just want to protect their children and their families and they're doing it the way they think is best.”
The identification of specific bacteria that are present—or not—in patients with the debilitating bowel disease could yield better diagnoses and therapies.
The largest study of its kind has revealed for the first time the specific gut bacteria involved in Crohn's disease, which afflicts an estimated 700,000 Americans with chronic, painful diarrhea and bleeding, among other unpleasant symptoms. With a better understanding of how the microbial ecosystem changes in children who suffer from the disease, researchers have gained clues that could someday lead to better diagnosis and treatment.
The Human Microbiome Project has revealed that hundreds of types of bacteria live in a person's gut. The exact species and their relative abundance vary from one person to another, and researchers are increasingly finding that in addition to Crohn's, abnormal bacterial populations—known as dysbiosis—are linked to diseases ranging from rheumatoid arthritis to diabetes and possibly even autism.
Microbes have been linked to Crohn's in several past studies, typically involving small numbers of patients who had been living with the disease for months or years and were already undergoing treatment. But because patients are often diagnosed in childhood or early adulthood, the new research, published March 12 in Cell Host & Microbe, focused on 668 children as study subjects. It was aimed at developing new tools to predict which patients will develop mild versus severe forms of the disease, and to determine which treatments are likely to be most helpful. Researchers took intestinal biopsy and stool samples from newly diagnosed youngsters at 28 centers across the country. The samples, compared with healthy controls, revealed certain bacterial families were more common, or less common, in Crohn's patients.
The findings tie together and clarify the results of several previous observations. Some of the microbes had been previously associated with inflammatory bowel disease, the umbrella term for Crohn's and ulcerative colitis. One bacterial family also had been implicated in colorectal cancer, a complication of long-term inflammatory bowel disease. And one of the microbes found in the latest study's healthy controls was already known to be anti-inflammatory and tends to be reduced or missing in patients whose condition recurs after surgery.
Those key microbes can't yet be convicted of causing or preventing the disease, says Ramnik Xavier of Massachusetts General Hospital and the Broad Institute of Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Harvard University, who led the study. They may just be microbes that thrive in a diseased gut (or in a healthy system). Either way, they have predictive value as markers for diagnosis: The team developed a formula for calculating a "microbial dysbiosis index" based on all the species present at disease onset. This index reliably indicated which individuals have Crohn's, and patients with the highest scores turned out to have the worst cases. The index is a powerful addition to other diagnostic techniques, says Xavier, who envisions it alongside genetic and blood biomarker tests to predict the course and best treatments of this complex disease.
The study also helps explain why antibiotics are often unsuccessful for Crohn's. Xavier's team found that patients who were taking antibiotics had even less of the good bacteria than their afflicted but antibiotic-free peers. In other words, Xavier says, "giving them antibiotics made the microbial imbalance more pronounced."
Given that microbes are involved but antibiotics aren't effective, it seems logical to give sufferers good bacteria—essentially probiotics—and to make it easier for the bugs to become permanent residents of the gut. Although a treatment called fecal microbial transplantation—in which patients receive a dose of microbes from a healthy donor via enema or colonoscopy—has worked beautifully for those with another digestive disease, infection with Clostridium difficile, the approach isn't reliable for more complex disorders such as Crohn's. After treatment the healthy appearance of their gut ecosystems proves temporary, Xavier says. Genetic studies provide a clue: Many of the genes linked with the appearance of Crohn's are responsible for immune system recognition of microbes, suggesting that the patient's immune system is missing the essential tools needed either for nurturing good bacteria or for keeping the bad types in check.
In addition to learning more about the influence of the immune response "we need to find out more about these microbes," Xavier says. It's possible that compounds they produce could be developed into drugs that manipulate populations in the gut. But growing human gut microbes in the lab is challenging: many cannot survive in the presence of oxygen, so studying them requires careful techniques and special equipment. Another challenge is that some of the bacteria found in this study correlated with other species in tight-knit groups, suggesting that they can't be isolated for study because they rely on one another to thrive.
Xavier remains eager to peel back the layers of mystery around the complexities of microbiome ecosystems. His group is beginning a longitudinal study of Crohn's patients, sampling their microbiomes every two weeks as they progress through treatment and as they experience the disease's periodic flare-ups. Combine that with an understanding of what chemical compounds the microbes produce, he says, and it should be possible to crack the mystery of their exact role in the disease.
At the close of World War I, the federal government created the General Intelligence Division, an agency that eventually morphed into the modern FBI. One of GID's main tasks was to compile a list of hundreds of thousands of radicals—socialists, anarchists, labor activists and antiwar agitators. Thousands were arrested for being suspected Communists. Hundreds of anarchists were deported to Bolshevik Russia, the silver lining being that left-anarchists like Emma Goldman discovered and wrote about the pure horror of Leninism and the fact that “proletarian dictatorship” was not any sort of improvement upon the wartime corporatism of the U.S. under Woodrow Wilson.
In the late 1920s, the renamed Bureau of Investigation spied on such “socialist” threats as Albert Einstein. Under Franklin Roosevelt, although the FBI continued to keep track of left radicals, it found a new enemy in the form of opponents of the New Deal. FDR used the FBI to spy on multitudes of peaceful rightwingers, unleashing a Brown Scare that was later turned against the left during the McCarthy-era Red Scare. Roosevelt even spied on his Republican presidential opponent, Wendell Willkie.
But during the Cold War, Republican and Democratic administrations again focused the FBI, for the most part, on disrupting the left. Its COINTELPRO operation—a program to “track, expose, disrupt, misdirect, discredit, or otherwise neutralize the activities” of political radicals—was a great success. FBI'S COINTELPRO forged letters to bring about violence between the Black Panthers and United Slaves. In 1976, a Senate report showed that the FBI had boasted that “Although no specific counterintelligence action can be credited with contributing to this overall situation, it is felt that a substantial amount of the unrest [among left radical groups] is directly attributable to this program.”
While the FBI was used to infiltrate rightwing anti-Civil Rights and anti-integrationist activists, it was also targeted against stalwarts of the Civil Rights movement. The FBI monitored everyone from Martin Luther King in the 1960s to John Lennon in the 1970s. In the late 70s, the Church Committee reports in the Senate culminated in some effort to rein in this horribly abusive federal agency.
In the 1990s, the FBI was at the center of the militia scare, with its snipers and strongmen turned against peaceful separatist Randy Weaver and his family, and later at the Waco, Texas, standoff with Branch Davidians, at the end of which FBI agents gassed, shot and killed dozens of David Koresh's followers at their home at Mt. Carmel. They used incendiary devices, which might have brought on the fire, and then lied about it.
It was in this period that the modern left became enamored of the federal police state and especially the FBI. Almost none of them stood up for the Branch Davidians. They came to think of FBI agents as a professional, national and enlightened force populated by such figures as the Jodie Foster character in Silence of the Lambs, an agency that enforced civil rights, protected the country from “rightwing extremists,” and overturned the injustices of local, prejudiced law enforcement.
But during the Bush II era, when the administration was reported to be reviving COINTELPRO, the left's distrust of national police forces also became revived. In October 2003, the FBI extensively spied on peaceful Iraq war protesters, focusing especially on “anarchists. . . capable of violence.” Bush's FBI activities were a throwback to the post-World War I General Intelligence Division's obsession with anarchists. In 2005, the ACLU sued to reveal in court that it had been monitored by the FBI, which had over a thousand pages of documentation on the organization, as had Greenpeace and other politically leftist organizations. Religious pacifist groups were also spied on and infiltrated. And one “terror plot” after another allegedly discovered and broken up by the administration just in the nick of time turned out to be a group of poor saps of below-average intelligence who had been duped by federal informants into saying something threatening or “planning” a terror attack on American infrastructure with no chance at all being successful, and probably no chance of having even come up with the idea without federal prodding and agitation. The concern about the return of Cold War-era FBI infiltration of fringe groups was once again seen on the left.
Now we are back to the Brown Scare, to militia hysteria, to fears that the out-of-power anti-government right, Christian groups, separatists, gunowners, opponents of national social programs, census and tax resisters and so forth are a great threat to American security. With all the Bush-era anti-Muslim hysteria and war on terror authoritarianism still in place, we have under Obama a revitalization of 1990s-style paranoia about “hate groups,” survivalists and indeed the entire populist right. Just as Bush conservatives could not differentiate Saddam Hussein from Osama bin Laden, or an innocent Muslim doing charity work in Pakistan from an engineer of 9/11, or an antiwar American activist from an anti-American enemy within giving comfort to the enemy abroad, so too do the Obama leftists conflate peaceful separatists with violent racists, peaceful survivalist militia men with Timothy McVeigh.
Every act of violence or alleged plan to commit violence or even adamant anti-government activism that can be pinned on the “extremist right”—the shooter who murdered a guard at the Holocaust museum, the man who murdered an abortion doctor in church, the man who flew a plane through an IRS building, some “militia” members allegedly planning anti-government violence—all of this is seen as part of a general trend, even a rightwing conspiracy, one about as coherent as the neoconservatives' lumping together all anti-US Muslims under the banner of “Islamofascism.” Indeed, I am surprised that not many have yet warned of the “Christofascist” threat to America, although there has been plenty of talk comparing the tea party movement to the Nazi brownshirts and talk that this kind of militia activity is often associated with “race war,” even when the particular subjects at hand are not even accused of being racially motivated.
And so when a progressive like Rachel Maddow cheers that the Michigan militia members can be indicted and imprisoned without having done anything violent, when she reports that the FBI has infiltrated this group for months and stepped in to arrest them just in the nick of time, we should not be too surprised when she fails to make the obvious connection, and fails to be the least bit skeptical of the federal government's police agents infiltrating a group for months only to discover that that group's members are saying things about government that amount to “seditious conspiracy.” What kind of Orwellian world is it when the government can arrest people accused only of planning to commit violence against government agents and unleash a “civil war” that we all know is only a fantasy? What kind of world is it when the very media figure who denounced Bush's “preemptive war” and Obama's adoption of Bush's “pre-crime” approach to imprisoning “enemy combatants” in “prolonged detention” before they commit violence is happy to see a group indicted on federal charges of talking about committing violence—talk that we can safely guess was likely incited by the very FBI that had been infiltrating this group for months? What kind of absurdist dystopia has the left crying foul when a private citizen infiltrates ACORN, but has no similar apprehensions about the FBI infiltrating “extremist” groups and arresting them for “seditious conspiracy”? How can anyone who saw through the Bush lies of war and crackdowns in the name of “national security” and stopping madmen from getting “weapons of mass destruction” really believe that fewer than a dozen Americans with some rifles and some pipebombs were themselves planning to use “weapons of mass destruction” in any way that posed a threat to the U.S. government? And what about the charge of having weapons in connection to a crime—that crime being the intention of one day committing a crime?
Of course, preempting people from committing acts of criminal violence is just and sometimes necessary, but the list of questionable charges levied at these people, on the tail end of months of FBI infiltration, would seem to be in a different category, and at least warrants more critical examination before passing judgment. One can abhor and condemn the idea of violence and oppose vehemently the types of acts that these men and women are accused of planning—and certainly, I do—while still smelling a rat in the way such sting operations are conducted, or at least demonstrating some journalistic skepticism that the government's side of the story is 100% accurate and justifies the imprisonment of these people and the hysteria on which this kind of government activity thrives.
But once again, with their people at the helm of state, the left has decided to embrace the FBI, take it at its word, assume that people are guilty until proven innocent once accused of guilt by the police state that they now see as the guardian of order against rightwing extremism. Especially strange is the tendency of leftists to fear rightists out of power even more than in power. The same dynamic can be seen on the other side. The left and the right love power, and although that power is often directed against their own when the other side is at the reins, they cannot abandon the idea that a police state can be pinpointed only against those they hate, and not those with whom they sympathize. The responsible, non-partisan and indeed American thing to do is to harbor extreme skepticism toward the state when it spies, infiltrates, arrests and imprisons anyone, and most especially those whose alleged crime is “sedition” or “conspiracy” or in any way being the enemy of the state.
A note on sources: Much of this history is discussed in Geoffrey Stone's Perilous Times. A lot of the stuff on the FBI's history I read years back in Ronald Kessler's Bureau: The Secret History of the FBI. A good treatment of COINTELPRO can be found in James Bovard's Terrorism and Tyranny. On Waco see Carol Moore's the Davidian Massacre and my Waco archives. And see the ACLU on some of the surveillance abuses under the Bush administration.
Tags: Civil Liberties, Surveillance, Terrorism, The State, Weapons
Bicycles are hardly used at all for cycling to the station in Austalia's major cities; one reason is lack of secure bicycle storage at rail stations but it's only one of a number of constraints
Cycling seems an obvious way for travellers to get to rail stations but few urban Australians ‘bike and ride'. In Sydney, just 0.5% of train travellers cycle to the station and in Melbourne only 0.9% of rail commuters get there on a bike.
It's not that train travellers overwhelmingly drive to the station; only 12% get there by car in Sydney and 18% of commuters in Melbourne (although the proportion who drive to the station increases with the length of the journey). The great majority walk, with public transport carrying the rest. (1)
Making cycling to the station an attractive option for more travellers could potentially provide a number of benefits, including:
Giving travellers an additional choice. Some of the train users who drive to the station (100,000 in Sydney on a weekday) might be able to avoid the cost of another car. Some who walk or take public transport would get a faster trip on a bike.
Reducing the need for passengers to bring their bikes on to crowded peak hour trains. In 2008 bikes were banned on trains in Melbourne due to overcrowding (the decision was quickly reversed).
Lowering the demand for car parking spaces at stations. A Parkiteer bicycle cage providing security for 26 bikes requires the same space as 3 cars. Moreover each installed cage costs around $100,000 whereas at grade parking costs upwards of $10,000 per space (much more if it's multi-storey).
Reducing driving. A 2009 study of new Parkiteer cages installed at three Melbourne stations found that while most users already cycled, about a third previously drove.
A commenter, hx76, argued last week that lack of secure facilities in which to park bikes is the key disincentive to cycling to the station.
On the face of it, that sounds like a fair call. In Melbourne, for example, there are 207 rail stations but only 58 have a lockable Parkiteer cage to protect the bicycles of ‘bike and ride' travellers from theft, vandalism and weathering. (2)
Parkiteers are managed by Bicycle Network Victoria (BNV) and are free to use, although a bond is required.
A single cage provides secure accommodation for 26 bicycles (six stations have two Parkiteers). The first ones were installed at a small number of Melbourne rail stations in 2008 with the focus to date on middle and outer suburban stations where average access distances are longer.
However use of existing Parkiteers varies; a handful are over-subscribed but the great majority have spare capacity. According to a report in The Citizen from May last year:
More than 6,700 cyclists (in Victoria) are currently registered for Parkiteer, compared to 5,000 a year ago, with about 10 per cent of registered users accessing the cages on a typical weekday. In February, a record 728 people parked their bikes in Parkiteers across the state in a single day. Although this amounted to less than half of Parkiteer capacity, (a spokesperson for BNV) said usage was uneven across the rail network. Some of the cages were full every day with Bicycle Network having stopped issuing access cards for the two cages at Laverton Station due to overcapacity, but all other cages were currently accepting registrations.
At present, Parkiteers at four metropolitan stations are full: Newport, Hoppers Crossing, Laverton South and Williams Landing. However the other 54 stations with Parkiteers are accepting new subscriptions.
All of the full stations are in the west of Melbourne and five of the six stations with two cages are also in the west.
The use of Parkiteers seems very modest to me. Perhaps it could be argued there've been weaknesses in marketing; or those installed to date haven't been located at the stations with the greatest potential demand.
I think there are other possible explanations that are more plausible. One is that middle and outer suburban roads are perceived as too dangerous for cycling. The demographic profile of these areas is also markedly different to that of inner city populations who've embraced cycling.
Another likely factor is that driving is still an attractive option for longer trips to many suburban stations; note that in Sydney 39% of trips to the station of 2-5 km in length are taken by car.
I'd hypothesise that the higher demand for ‘bike and ride' in Melbourne's west is largely down to the particularly high costs of driving in the region i.e. the very congested local traffic conditions in the morning peak and limited parking at stations. (3)
Melbourne's experience suggests that Parkiteers aren't a silver bullet. But even if other changes (e.g. to safety) were to make cycling to the station a much more attractive option for train users, lack of secure bike storage would still be a hard limit on the scope for ‘bike and ride'.
Access to a Parkiteer is a necessary pre-condition for substantially increasing ‘bike and ride'. It won't do much by itself though; making cycling to the station a compelling option needs an integrated program of actions, including greater subjective safety and constraints on car use e.g. paid parking. And of course secure bike storage.
_______________________
Syrian opposition fighters have criticised the Iranian nuclear agreement as enabling the ongoing disintegration of their country and empowering Tehran despite its support for President Bashar al-Assad's regime.
Opposition fighters said the agreement, which will provide billions of dollars of sanctions relief to the Iranian government, strengthens a widely held belief that the US does not wish to see Assad's departure. But they said the deal's impact would not immediately be felt on the ground in Syria given Iran's already plentiful support for Assad, and vowed to press on with their campaign. “It is the belief of many on the ground that America and Iran are strategic allies, and all the overt signs of animosity are simply hypocrisy,” said Ahmad al-Alwan, a religious official with the Army of Conquest, an alliance of rebel groups in the north of Syria that scored a series of victories against the regime's army this year.
“Iranian assistance has never been severed from Assad and Iran has been aiding Assad above and below the table before the entire world with the tools to kill the Syrian people,” he added. “The nuclear agreement will not change this equation.”
Signed by western powers along with Russia and China, the historic deal with Iran will limit the country's nuclear programme and subject it to inspections in exchange for the removal of numerous international sanctions that have battered the Islamic Republic's economy.
But critics of the deal say Iran is likely to use a portion of its windfall to expand its influence across the Middle East, appearing to have gained from its expansionism in Beirut, Damascus and Baghdad.
“We have a real fear that Iran will use the unfrozen accounts for more shameless intervention in the region and enflaming strife and war, as well as providing more support to the Assad regime to prevent its fall and allow it to continue carrying out terrorist massacres against the Syrian people,” said Mohammed Maktabi, the secretary general of the Syrian National Council, the exiled opposition.
Despite the withering sanctions, Iran has continued to provide billions of dollars-worth of support and weaponry to its allies in recent years. In Lebanon, Hezbollah has emerged as the prime guerrilla movement in the world with an arsenal more powerful than that of many states after a destructive war with Israel in 2006, paying tribute to Iran's support. The Assad regime has endured a brutal four-year civil war with Iranian support in the form of personnel, arms, cash and fuel.
Meanwhile, the US has declined to intervene in the war except to bomb the terror group Islamic State and the al-Qaida affiliate Jabhat al-Nusra. The US-led campaign against Isis has not prevented Assad's air force from carrying out thousands of air raids against rebel-held territory, including the use of barrel bombs, a highly inaccurate weapon, to kill thousands of civilians.
The contrast between Iran's support for Assad and American reluctance to become enmeshed has convinced many rebels that the US sees the survival of Assad, or at least his regime, as a strategic goal that serves its interests as well as the security of Israel, its ally. “We know that if America wanted to remove Assad it would have, but America wants to lengthen the conflict in Syria, to manage it, not to end it,” said Alwan. “Iran is America's best partner in the region,” said a source close to Jabhat al-Nusra. “The war in Syria will continue, and the solution for them is a political transition while preserving the regime.” The perception of American complicity in Assad's survival could empower radical groups in Syria, such as Isis, who have long argued that both the west and Iran are conspiring against its people. “A freed-up Iran is [the opposition's] the worst nightmare scenario, whatever actually ends up being the consequence of that,” said Charles Lister, a visiting fellow at the Doha Brookings Center. “Unfortunately, the effect this deal will have on perceptions – and perceptions are so incredibly important here – can only benefit the more isolationist views of those on the more extreme end of the opposition spectrum.”
The deal's timing is also highly sensitive, coming at a moment when Assad's army appears fragile, having lost swaths of territory to the opposition in recent months, as well as to Isis in the provinces of Homs and Hassakah, and fighting off fresh offensives in Aleppo and the south.
“Everyone is feeling resentment: why at this decisive time?” said Ibrahim Noureddine, a spokesman for the First Legion, an opposition faction in the south. Many of the opposition groups in the area, save for Jabhat al-Nusra, are seen as moderate and close to western and Gulf states opposed to Assad. “The street and the opposition factions in the south resent this because it is completely against them,” he said. “Iran's role in resolving the Syria crisis is to leave Syria.”
After Senator Mitch McConnell made every attempt to silence her, Senator Elizabeth Warren's voice has gone viral.
McConnell rebuked Warren on the floor of the Senate on Tuesday during a debate about nomination of Senator Jeff Sessions to the position of attorney general. She began to read aloud a letter (written in 1986) by Coretta Scott King, the widow of famous civil rights activist Martin Luther King Jr., to Senator Strom Thurmond.
In the letter, Mrs. King urges Thurmond to not confirm Sessions' nomination to the U.S. District Court. She accuses Sessions, among other things, of limiting the rights of black citizens in his district. Warren cited her words in opposition of Session's current nomination.
McConnell chastised Warren while she was reading the letter, invoking Rule XIX of Senate's rules of debate. The specific rule that McConnell invoked (according to the Senate's website) goes as follows:
“No Senator in debate shall, directly or indirectly, by any form of words impute to another Senator or to other Senators any conduct or motive unworthy or unbecoming a Senator.”
But, as the Twitter hashtag goes, she persisted. After being silenced, Warren left the Senate floor and turned to Facebook Live. She read all ten pages of the letter aloud to a live audience. Warren's Facebook Live stream has 9.3 million views at the time of this writing, and the numbers are climbing rapidly.
This is yet another instance of politicians using social media as a personal platform. President Donald Trump is famous (or infamous) for his use of Twitter. He tweets regularly to 24.2 million followers on his personal account.
Politicians of the present and future might look to social media as a way of getting to their followers in a more immediate way.
Read next: Tesla plans to launch its electric cars in India this summer
Food justice and racial equity were presented as intersecting themes at an academic conference this week.
The conference, entitled “Teaching about Food Systems: Creating a Community of Practice,” occurred at the Columbia University Medical Center on Tuesday and Wednesday. Specialties of the professors delivering the talks include food studies, integrated science and technology, and agricultural sustainability and society.
“Each small group explores a quote from Molly Anderson on food as a right or from Julie Guthman on working toward equity in the alternative food movement” during “Food System Sustainability Through Food Rights and Equity Lens,” a session on the second day of the event. “One ‘expert' stays at each group while others rotate to to add depth to the discussions on each quote. The session ends with a large group sharing on how we can deepen our focus on food rights and food equity as we teach about food system sustainability.”
[RELATED: Racial, ‘food justice' cooked up at summit]
Another event, entitled “Integrating Racial Equity and Food Justice into our Personal Lives, our Professional Lives, and Learning Environments,” is hosted by Joanne Burke, PhD, RD, LD, from the University of New Hampshire, and Karen Spiller, who studied public health at Boston University.
“Participants will explore strategies to develop and expand their personal and professional capacity to more authentically, systematically and structurally address issues of racial equity and food justice,” reads the session's description.
Those who complete the racial equity and food justice program will be able to understand why these concepts and implicit bias are important to food system training, spot “subtle as well as overt” instances of white privilege, implicit bias, and food injustices, and recognize resources like “Food Solutions New England 21-Day Racial equity challenge.”
This challenge, which strives to “create dedicated time and space to build more effective social justice habits, particularly those dealing with issues of power, privilege, and leadership.”
The advertisement for the conference depicts three systems--biological, economic, and social--intersecting in a larger circle with the labels for farming, social, environmental, and economic on the top, bottom, left, and right sides of the diagram.
Footage from the event can be viewed here, though an intellectual property claim has been made against the video, which has removed the sound.
Campus Reform contacted both Dr. Burke and Sharon Akabas, PhD, but comment was not received in time for publication.
Follow the author of this article on Twitter: @ShimshockAndAwe|
Repealing Obamacare, which Republicans on Friday appear closer to doing, would deliver a sizeable tax cut for the rich, a new report shows.
Released Thursday by the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities (CBPP), the publication shows that the repeal would give to each of the top 400 highest-income taxpayers—who averaged incomes of roughly $318 million in 2014—a tax cut of about $7 million a year.
That's because getting rid of the healthcare law would mean getting rid of its two Medicare taxes, which are paid for by individuals with incomes above $200,000 and couples with incomes above $250,000. One is a 3.8 percent Medicare tax that hits their unearned income (like capital gains) above those thresholds, while the other is additional 0.9 percent tax on earned income above those thresholds.
As such, a repeal "delivers tax cuts that are extremely tilted to the top," the report states.
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
At the same time, low-and middle-income households would see a rise in taxes since they would lose premium tax credits to buy health coverage through the marketplaces, CBPP notes. For the rich, the benefits of a repeal wouldn't end with the elimination of the Medicare taxes, the report continues:
Republicans also plan to move a broader tax package this year, and the tax proposals from both the House GOP (in its "Better Way" plan issued last June) and President-elect Trump include large, additional net tax cuts heavily focused on the most well-off. These include such proposals as sharply reducing the top business and individual income tax rates and repealing the estate tax.
Apart from taking healthcare coverage away from some 30 million people, another study released last week showed that the repeal could cost states trillions in lost revenue and output.
Meanwhile, Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) and Democratic leaders in Congress have called for Jan. 15 to be a day of action nationwide to "[m]ake sure [President-elect] Donald Trump and his Republican colleagues know that we won't let them take our healthcare away, end Medicare as we know it, cut Medicaid, and defund Planned Parenthood."
O'Neill said the PNG's government's $1.4 billion investment in sporting infrastructure and the country's passion for rugby league should be taken into consideration when finalising the fixtures for the sport's centrepiece event. "Hopefully the International Rugby League board will accept our offer," Mr O'Neill said. "Of course Australia and New Zealand are going to host it, but we are part of the Queensland Rugby League [competition] at present, we have developed our local competition and the schoolboys competition, so rugby league has a big future in this country. "There are more rugby league supporters here than in Australia or anywhere else in the world." The PNG government built Sir John Guise Stadium – an 18,000 seat arena – for the 2015 Pacific Games in July as well as two other stadiums with capacities of 15,000 and 20,000. The Prime Minister, however, said his government had plans to expand the stadium in a bid to make the atmosphere even more lively at rugby league matches.
"As you can see Papua New Guineans love the game and I hope that the NRL and the other custodians of our game can come up here and expose the game to people a bit more," O'Neill said. "We built it [the stadium] specifically for the [Pacific] Games but also to accommodate rugby league and other sports in the country. "The capacity is close to 18,000 plus people, but we are going to expand it to another 25,000 or so people. We have a population of eight million people and I don't think you will find one that doesn't love rugby league. It would be very hard to find one. "I can see no reason why they can't develop the game here for that kind of supporter base that we have." O'Neill attended the annual Prime Minister's XIII match – which Australia won 40-12 – on Saturday and was thrilled with the crowd and event as a whole. PNG Minister for Sport Justin Tkatchenko, who oversees the new infrastructure being built, agreed with his Prime Minister, saying PNG's successful bid for the 2016 FIFA U20 Women's World Cup shows that a nation associated with high levels of unemployment and crime can in fact host sporting events on a world stage.
"We've never had this level of infrastructure before in this country," Tkatchenko said. "It's something that has now allowed us to have our own Suncorp Stadium here in Papua New Guinea and Port Moresby. "[The stadiums] will revolutionise sport in the country and events with the World Cup of the FIFA U20 women here next year. We're looking forward to seeing other major events in the country at the world level." One of the youngest players in the touring Australian squad Jake Trbojevic said he underestimated just how fanatical Papua New Guineans were about their rugby league. "It was a great experience," he said. "They just love their footy over here. They live and breathe it … it was very surprising."
Legendary teacher Steve Stine created this year-long series for Lessonface and GuitarWorld in 2014. Start with part 1, and move on to a new lesson once a month (or whenever you're ready).
Bookmark it. Rock it.
If you have questions as you go, you can find a phenomenal teacher from our hand-picked list here.
Absolute Fretboard Mastery, Part 1: Meandering
STEVE STINE​
Review video, materials, and discussion at Guitarworld.com
​
Open and Barre Chords - Absolute Fretboard Mastery, Part 2
STEVE STINE
Review video, materials, and discussion at Guitarworld.com
Full Length Guitar Course Guitar 101 with Dmitri Shapira Maybe Absolute Fretboard Mastery
is still a bit advanced?
Get up to speed with Guitar 101.
Adding the Blue Note - Absolute Fretboard Mastery, Part 3
STEVE STINE
Review video, materials, and discussion at Guitarworld.com
Combining the Major and Minor Pentatonic - Absolute Fretboard Mastery, Part 4
STEVE STINE
Review video, materials, and discussion at Guitarworld.com
Composition for Guitarists Composition with Duane Denison Learn composition for guitar with legendary guitar player Duane Denison.
Making the Pentatonic More Melodic - Absolute Fretboard Mastery, Part 5
STEVE STINE
Review video, materials, and discussion at Guitarworld.com
Chord Progressions - Absolute Fretboard Mastery, Part 6
STEVE STINE
Review video, materials, and discussion at Guitarworld.com
Lessonface Tracks and Charts: Volume 1 Duane Denison and Brian Kotzur Put in practice everything you learned with Steve Stine in these phenomenal play alongs. Click here to check it out >>
Spread Fingering - Absolute Fretboard Mastery, Part 7
STEVE STINE
Review video, materials, and discussion at Guitarworld.com
Understanding the CAGED System - Absolute Fretboard Mastery Part 8
STEVE STINE
Review video, materials, and discussion at Guitarworld.com
Assembling Concepts - Absolute Fretboard Mastery Part 9
STEVE STINE
Review video, materials, and discussion at Guitarworld.com
Learn the Basics of Guitar Introduction to Guitar with Sara Landeau Learn the basics of guitar with Sara Landeau, guitarist of the Julie Ruin.
Organizing Soloing Concepts - Absolute Fretboard Mastery Part 10
STEVE STINE
Review video, materials, and discussion at Guitarworld.com
Mastering Modes - Absolute Fretboard Mastery Part 11
STEVE STINE
Review video, materials, and discussion at Guitarworld.com
Applying the Modes - Absolute Fretboard Mastery, Part 12
STEVE STINE
Review video, materials, and article at Guitarworld.com.
Applying the Modes
​Steve Stine, January 2015
Related:
Currently in the game there are five ways of gaining stardust: catching Pokémon, hatching, feeding berries at a gym, successfully beating a raid boss, and daily-catch bonuses:
Stardust Source 20 Feed a berry at a gym 100/300/500 Catch the 1st/2nd/3rd evolution of a Pokémon (baby Pokémon don't count) 500 Successfully defeating a raid boss 600 Regular daily bonus catch 3000 7 day streak catch 400-800 2km egg (on avg, 300 dust /km /egg) 800-1600 5km egg (on avg, 240 dust /km /egg) 1600-3200 10km egg (on avg, 240 dust /km /egg)
It has recently been proposed that incubators are not valuable anymore because high-IV Pokémon come more cheaply and easily from raids. So, typically, how much of your stardust comes from eggs?
I'm going to do the analysis with numbers that roughly match my own habits; other urban players will have something similar. If you don't trust the numbers, feel free to plug in your own parameters. So, I will assume:
12.5 minutes per km (Google Maps walk speed)
1 Pokémon per minute
Playing 1 hour/day
22% of eggs are 2km
Then every day, I get 1215 stardust with 1 incubator = 10938 stardust with 9 incubators, and 6800 stardust from Pokémon.
So including the daily bonus, you can expect ~20,000 stardust/day with purchased incubators, and ~10,000 without. Full incubators just about double your stardust gains.
For rural players, since there are fewer Pokémon/km, you'd likely expect 3x or 4x stardust gains from full 9x incubators.
~doublefelix921
In the remote north-eastern corner of Alaska, just under 20-million acres have been set aside as a federal protected area since 1960. The Arctic National Wildlife Refuge has recently come under threat, however, with President Donald Trump's Department of the Interior proposing lifting restrictions on seismic exploration.
The Arctic National Wildlife Refuge coastal plain has been described as America's Serengeti, and is the year-round or migratory home to numerous species that are uniquely adapted to the conditions found within this rare expanse of undeveloped wilderness along the Arctic Ocean.
Over tens of thousands of years, both the Porcupine Caribou herd and the Gwich'in people have come to depend on the integrity of that coastal plain for their survival.
“The Gwich'in call this area ‘Iizhik Gwats'an Gwandaii Goodlit,' the Sacred Place Where Life Begins,” explained Vuntut Gwich'in Councillor Dana Tizya-Tramm via email.
“It is a keystone in the ecosystems of the Arctic, and the heart that beats outside of the Gwich'in chest.”
Oil and gas lobbyists have had the Refuge in their sights from the outset. For decades now, for every push to open up the wildlife refuge to oil and gas development, multiple generations of Gwich'in have stood up to protect the land and the herd that has sustained their way of life.
Disturbance to the landscape can upset a delicate balance between the wildlife that makes its home on the coastal plain.
Brooks Range mountains tower behind lush arctic tundra in Yukon's north slope region. Photo: Matt Jacques | DeSmog Canada
“In a miracle of phenology [the interaction of climate, habitat and plant/animal cycles], Porcupine caribou cows arrive at the coastal plain just as the first flush of spring growth provides a burst of nutrients to them, just as they all deliver their calves at once,” said Yukon Conservation Society energy analyst Sebastian Jones in an emailed response to questions from DeSmog Canada.
“In the first few critical days of a caribou calf's life, predation is the main hazard. Until they have found their legs, they are easy prey to wolves and bears.”
To the west of the Arctic Refuge, high levels of industrial activity are already taking place, and to the south and east of the narrow coastal plain area where the caribou calving takes place, steep mountain ranges mean fewer nutrients and more predators.
“There is simply nowhere else suitable for the caribou to go,” said Jones.
Exploration Freeze Beginning to Thaw Under Trump
There have been numerous victories and setbacks in what has been a sustained effort over that time, but for many, any sense of relief or optimism brought about by President Obama's 2016 move to freeze arctic oil and gas exploration in the Arctic has now vanished.
President Trump's 2018 Budget includes instructions to the Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources to raise an additional $1B over ten years. Alaska Senator Lisa Murkowski — Chair of the Committee — has used the opportunity to champion a renewed push to open the coastal plain to oil and gas exploration. Earlier this month Murkowski introduced legislation that would give a green light to exploration in the Refuge. Republicans have now taken Murkowski's bill and folded it into their tax reform bill.
“There is palpable concern among the quiet people of our community of 250 people,” said Tizya-Tramm.
“I've even had children as young as 8 years old ask why this is happening and if we can talk with the President, and what they can do. It is hard to see the sincere concern in our youth's eyes. I encourage them and tell them that we will beat this, as we must.”
Jones said that since the current proposal is exploratory in nature, the true scope and scale of potential activity in the area remains to be seen.
“It depends on what they find. If the feverish dreams of the oil men come true, it will be another Prudhoe Bay — decades of drilling, all-season roads, pipelines, and oil spills.”
For the Gwich'in, Tizya-Tramm says the development would mirror the expected impact on the caribou herd.
“Our entire existence will dwindle with any presence in their calving grounds, period.”
‘Delicate like Fine China'
“People need to understand just how delicate this area is,” says Tizya-Tramm.
“Traditionally we stayed out of the Coastal Plains altogether. Tundra is a very sensitive and even seismic testing will scar the land with permanent trails. These caribou have been seen to purposefully stay far away from a soup can lay on the ground. Caribou populations have fallen exponentially in Alberta and other regions where there is development.”
Arctic cottongrass, mosses, other plants and lichens vital to the Porcupine Caribou can take decades to recover from industrial damage, sometimes taking decades to return.
“The picture that arises here, and well known to our people, is that nature is a fine-tuned system. And up in one of the harshest regions in the world, it is especially delicate like fine china. We cannot limit the options of animals that exist in the narrow opportunities afforded to them, especially one of the healthiest remaining herd of caribou left,” explains Tizya-Tramm
Murkowski and supporters have pitched fossil fuel exploration in the area as a quick solution to the American budget deficit, presenting minimal impacts within the coastal plain calving grounds of the Porcupine Caribou.
Murkowski tweeted in November in defense of changes in oil and gas development since ANWR was established.
The size of development pads has decreased by nearly 80% since the 1970s. New technologies have expanded the subsurface reach of the newest rigs by 4,000% over the same period. Many exploration wells are now built using ice roads and ice pads—leaving no impact to the tundra. — Sen. Lisa Murkowski (@lisamurkowski) November 15, 2017
“Many exploration wells are now built using ice roads and ice pads — leaving no impact to the tundra,” she wrote.
Jones dismisses any notion of low-impact exploration or development in the area.
“This exploration is supposed to be restricted to winter on ice/snow roads and drill pads; here are multiple problems with this,” he says. “Drill rigs are massive and require multiple large loads, in turn requiring very robust roads. It is not a trivial exercise building ice roads on the tundra sufficient to deploy an oil rig. In recent years, consistent with global warming, it has become less common to have adequate snow to build winter roads, so it may not even be possible.”
Gwich'in Gearing Up for a Fight
While the momentum to open up the Arctic Refuge to development seems to be gaining, Gwich'in and supporters have been stepping up their activity as well.
The Yukon Branch of the Canadian Parks and Wilderness Society has launched a nationwide petition, lobbying Prime Minister Trudeau to speak up against development in the Arctic Refuge.
A delegation of Gwich'in and other Canadian officials, including Yukon MP Larry Bagnell travelled to Washington, DC earlier this month in the hopes of influencing senate votes on the issue. Upon returning, Bagnell spoke about the trip and raised the issue in the House of Commons.
For Tizya-Tramm and Gwich'in in both Canada and Alaska, the battle has been all-consuming.
“I have been working late into the night and weekends for over a month now simply trying to keep pace,” Tizta-Tramm said.
“This is a time to call upon all of our people and the strong partnerships we have forged over the years.”
The Gwich'in Steering Committee held emergency meetings in Fairbanks earlier in November that brought together tribal leadership, Elders, and community members.
“There we once again came together seeking guidance and unity. To be of one mind, one heart, so that we may speak with one voice.”
Image: Porcupine Caribou crossing the Blow River in north-western Yukon. Photo: Matt Jacques | DeSmog Canada
No sooner had Democrats condemned Attorney General Jeff Sessions for meeting with the Russian ambassador than he began turning up in the darnedest places, namely alongside Democrats.
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi insisted Sunday her situation was “completely different” after she was called on a 2010 photo showing her at a dinner with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak, despite her earlier insistence that she had never met with him.
“We were meeting with the president of Russia. He brought an entourage in with him. He was the one who was doing the talking,” Mrs. Pelosi said on CNN's “State of the Union.”
“The question was, ‘Have you met with him?' No, I haven't met with him, I met with the president of Russia. Who else is in his entourage, who knows? Presidents, heads of states come in, they bring their party, they barely even introduce them,” Mrs. Pelosi said. “This is completely, completely different.”
The top House Democrat called last week for Mr. Sessions to resign for saying at his Jan. 10 confirmation hearing that he “did not have communications” with Russian officials during the campaign, even though it was later reported that he met twice in 2016 with Mr. Kislyak.
President Trump has responded by needling Democrats about their meetings with Russian officials, first by posting a 2003 photo Friday of Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer eating doughnuts at Krispy Kreme with Russian president Vladimir Putin.
“A total hypocrite!” Mr. Trump said in a tweet.
The president also tweeted out the photo of Mrs. Pelosi and Mr. Kislyak at the dinner with the message, “I hereby demand a second investigation, after Schumer, of Pelosi for her close ties to Russia, and lying about it.”
He was apparently referring to her Friday interview with Politico Playbook during which she was asked whether she had ever met with the Russian ambassador. Ms. Pelosi said, “Not with this Russian ambassador, no.”
Also coming under fire was Sen. Clarie McCaskill, Missouri Democrat, who said last week she had never met with the Russian ambassador.
“I've been on the Senate Armed Services Committee for 10 years, and in that time, have had no call from, or meeting with, the Russian ambassador. Ever. That's because ambassadors call members of Foreign Relations Committee,” Ms. McCaskill said in a Thursday statement. “Attorney General Sessions should resign.”
Within hours, however, sharp-eyed Twitter users had produced tweets from her about a 2013 meeting with the Russian ambassador and a 2015 phone call.
“Looks like McCaskill is having trouble with the truth today,” Katie Martin, National Republican Senatorial Committee spokeswoman, told ABC News.
Sen. Marco Rubio, Florida Republican, said it would be nearly impossible for lawmakers to avoid ambassadors, whose job it is to connect with elected representatives and other influential Washingtonians.
“That's what ambassadors do. I meet with dozens of ambassadors a year and I run into them all the time. That's what they do,” Mr. Rubio told CNN's “State of the Union.” “They are out there trying to reach people and talk to them, and so it's not unusual for a member of the Senate can meet with an ambassador.”
Mr. Sessions insisted Thursday that he never met with Russian officials to discuss the campaign, calling such allegations “totally false,” but acknowledged that he “should have slowed down and said, ‘But I did meet one Russian official a couple of times,' and that would be the ambassador.”
He also said he would send a letter clarifying his testimony to the Senate Judiciary Committee, as well as recuse himself from a federal investigation into Moscow meddling with the 2016 election.
The number of Democrats caught falsely saying they had never met with the ambassador, only to be reminded that they had and then providing “yes, but” rebuttals, suggested that such memory lapses in the life of a lawmaker are normal.
Mr. Rubio agreed it was “problematic” in terms of how Mr. Sessions answered the question during the confirmation hearing, but added that, “We've gotten to the point of hysteria here.”
As for accusations that Mr. Kislyak recruits spies, Mr. Rubio said it's “not a mystery to anyone that — and I'm not talking about him in particular, just in general — that virtually every embassy in Washington, D.C., has some intelligence component associated with it.”
“That's just the nature of diplomatic facilities, not just in Washington, but all over the world,” Mr. Rubio said. “But, in the end, again, I go to reiterate the point I've made earlier, and it is this. Ambassadors try to meet with senators and congressmen and people on the Hill all the time. It is what they spend a significant amount of their time doing. That is their job.”
LONDON — President-elect Donald Trump tweeted at the wrong Ivanka on Monday night, and the British woman on the receiving end of his praise has hit back.
Trump had quoted a tweet praising his daughter Ivanka, but the account mentioned in the tweet belongs to Ivanka Majic, a digital consultant from the British seaside town of Brighton.
Majic responded to the president-elect on Tuesday morning with a tweet of her own: “And you're a man with great responsibilities. May I suggest more care on Twitter and more time learning about #climatechange.”
@realDonaldTrump @drgoodspine And you're a man with great responsibilities. May I suggest more care on Twitter and more time learning about #climatechange. pic.twitter.com/kBMEGZYtig — Ivanka Majic (@ivanka) January 17, 2017
Majic said she saw Trump's Twitter blunder as an opportunity.
“The interesting thing about my being dragged into a Twitter conversation with Trump is that my politics are very different than his,” Majic said.
‘Wrong Ivanka' wakes to thousands of Twitter messages
The case of mistaken Twitter identity began when Trump quoted another user's praise for his daughter.
“@Ivanka Trump is great, a woman with real character and class,” read the tweet Trump shared from Massachusetts chiropractor Lawrence Goodstein, whose account has since been changed to private.
Goodstein mistakenly used the handle @Ivanka instead of @IvankaTrump. It's not a huge error for a Twitter user with fewer than 100 followers, but when Trump re-tweeted it to his audience of more than 20 million, the message triggered a Twitter storm.
It was shared more than 5,000 times, favorited more than 30,000 times and garnered more than 8,000 replies.
All this while Majic was sleeping.
Majic, a researcher for Brighton and Hove City Council who has also worked for Britain's Labour Party, said she and her husband were awoken at 6 a.m. by calls and text messages from the media.
“It's not every morning, well it's never really, that I wake up and find that lots of international news agencies want to talk to me,” Majic said. “I had many, many mentions. I normally try to reply politely, but I'm not going to be able to get back to everyone today.”
Majic is not a frequent Twitter user, with just a handful of tweets in the past week.
Just four days ago Majic had tweeted a link to a news story in Brighton's local paper about the coastal town's “thriving food scene,” commenting, “Made the local paper. Fame at last!”
The Twitter chaos seemed to go unnoticed by the incoming first daughter, who shared a photo of herself with the hashtag #datenight with her 2.74 million followers.
'Sense8' Season 2: Why We're Still Waiting To Hear Good News from Netflix
Here's a bit of inside baseball: Every once in a while, people in the writing-about-the-news game write about news that hasn't happened yet. Every major newspaper has a file of pre-written obituaries for the famous but physically fragile. “Dewey Defeats Truman” gets printed, just in case. And if a relatively predictable event lurks on the horizon, many folk today might spend a half-hour the night before an announcement seems likely to pre-write a story so that when the news comes, it can be quickly distributed.
READ MORE: Netflix and the Future: The Two Things Changing Your Favorite Streaming Platform
This week, we faced one of those moments: “Sense8,” the baffling but beloved series quickly developing a cult following after launching on Netflix two months ago, seemed extremely likely to announce its renewal for a second season. The timing was right because Tuesday was Netflix's day at the Television Critics Association press tour; its singular opportunity to present news and panels featuring its current lineup of original programming to a ballroom full of thirsty television critics and journalists.
One of those previously announced panels was, in fact, a panel devoted entirely to “Sense8,” which meant it was easy to assume that the show would be renewed. The TCAs can be a publicity bonanza for networks, but one that can also lead to brutal cross-examination by journalists whose tolerance for bullshit has been worn down by years of PR speak. No way does a network present to journalists a show that's going to be canceled.
Not only that, but to date the longest a Netflix original series has waited to be renewed for a new season, following its season premiere, was “Between” (which premiered on May 21 and was renewed on July 8, and, for the record, isn't a pure Netflix original). “Sense8” hasn't earned universal critical acclaim, but certainly more people seem invested in it than a Canadian import starring Nickelodeon veteran Jeanette McCurdy about teenagers quarantined in a small town.
So consider us shocked when Tuesday morning dawned with no official update on “Sense8” Season 2. And when asked directly during the show's panel where things stood on Season 2, all co-creator J. Michael Straczynski would say is, “We're still awaiting word… We're waiting for a final determination. We're cautiously optimistic, but ultimately it's Netflix's call.”
It was a frustrating answer, especially because, in case you were curious, “Sense8's” creators have plans in place for a five-season series, as Straczynski told Indiewire in an interview earlier this year:
“Before we started this, we knew we wanted to do a prolonged story. I love five-year arcs, so we have a five-year arc worked out for this thing. We know what all of the seasons are going to be… we have 30 pages of notes on the second season and where the structure would be. So we know where the story's going to go, down the road.”
But no one could speak to what would be happening in future seasons at one of the biggest television press events of the year. Only “cautious optimism” was on offer. Which, if we were to play mind-reader, hints at “all the contracts haven't been signed yet.” And frankly, after the mess that was Showtime getting David Lynch signed for the return of “Twin Peaks,” it's hard to blame Netflix for not officially announcing anything until after all the papers are signed.
It still seemed like a missed opportunity… And yet.
Here is one of the basic facts about Netflix programming that speaks in general to the state of television today: As beautiful as the dream is, that everyone tunes into a new series as soon as it goes live, the fact is we're all catching up on something (even those of us who get paid to keep up).
“Sense8” is still building its fanbase. For certain Netflix viewers, it is technically a new show. Netflix is in fact still treating it like a new show; not only by bringing it to the TCAs, but launching innovative marketing initiatives like a global Google hangout featuring the cast and this crazy “Brainwave Symphony” experiment in which eight strangers had their brainwaves measured and transformed into music.
Those initiatives, which have rolled out in the last few weeks, indicate that Netflix is still committed to building the show's audience. Which is in line with Netflix Chief Content Officer Ted Sarandos's philosophy regarding show viewership: Yesterday, following his presentation at the TCAs, Sarandos said to reporters that when they look at how a show performs, “it's not just a weekly behavior or a monthly behavior; it's over the course of an entire viewing year.”
And when a show isn't performing well, he added, “Sometimes that's a marketing failure or merchandising failure… it's not really a reflection on the show. It's a reflection on bad audience matching.”
So “Sense8” fans, it may suck that you're still waiting for official confirmation that the show will return, but don't freak out just yet. Because it's also worth noting that “Sense8” represents, in its themes and emphasis on diversity, exactly what Netflix is trying to become itself: a giant, global community.
READ MORE: 7 New Netflix Shows to Binge Watch in August 2015 (And the Best Episodes of Each)
Sign Up: Stay on top of the latest breaking film and TV news! Sign up for our Email Newsletters here.
Mourners chant slogans and hold pictures of 19 year-old Syrian Kurdish fighter girl Perwin Mustafa Dihap. (Associated Press)
It was an easy decision to make. Barely out of school, Perwin Mustafa Dihap wanted to follow in the footsteps of three of her older siblings and go to war. Before long, she was on the front line in the Kurdish Syrian city of Kobane, her hometown on the Turkish border besieged on three sides by extremists from the Islamic State group.Just two months later, the 19-year-old lay dying in a hospital across the border in Turkey, wounded in an Oct. 6 mortar attack on her position in the city.The doctor told her family the young woman's chances were slim, despite her surviving a five-hour operation. Yet Dihap still held out hope."We went to the hospital ... and I asked her how she was doing, and she said: 'Don't worry about me. If I get better, I will go back to fight again,'" said her 34-year-old brother, Kemal Mustafa Dihap.But she didn't get better. As her condition deteriorated, doctors transferred her to two other hospitals in larger Turkish towns in an effort to save her. In the last two days, she was too weak to speak. Dihap died in the early hours of Nov. 5."Even though she was really young, she was really brave and strong," her brother said, swallowing hard to keep his emotions in check as he stood outside the morgue in the Turkish border town of Suruc.He, his mother and his siblings waited to accompany his little sister's coffin to the nearby cemetery where many of the Kurds who die fighting in Kobane are being buried. The framed photographs they carried showed a fresh-faced young woman in uniform, a wisp of her brown hair crossing her forehead, the ghost of a smile on her lips.Dihap, the youngest of originally 12 children, was buried alongside Emina Mahmoud, believed to be 22, during a joint funeral. Like many Kurds killed in Kobane, Mahmoud's family had not been traced in time for the ceremony.The two were among hundreds of women fighting in the Women's Protection Units, or YPJ. Kurdish women have fought alongside men for decades in a guerrilla war seeking an independent Kurdistan that would encompass parts of Turkey, Syria, Iraq and Iran.After six months of basic training, Dihap was initially assigned to the police force, said her mother, Fatma Isa Dihap. But the girl insisted she wanted to be in the thick of battle. Their town had come under an intense assault by IS fighters in mid-September, with the extremists taking over parts of the city in fierce battles with Kurdish fighters. A U.S.-led coalition is now carrying out airstrikes against IS positions in and around Kobane.About 200,000 people have fled into neighboring Turkey, which borders the north side of Kobane.It was Dihap's mother who took her to join up. Two of her other children were already fighters: a son in the battle for Kobane and a daughter fighting in the Syrian region of Afrin, near Aleppo."I took her to the comrades and told them: 'I present my daughter to Kurdistan,'" she said.It was a sacrifice she was prepared to bear despite already having buried three of her children, explained her son Kemal. One of her sons was killed in 1996 fighting in the Kurdish guerrilla war, another was killed in a car crash and a third accidentally drowned."I am happy and I am proud of my daughter; she is the martyr of Kurdistan and Kobane," said Dihap as she prepared to bury her youngest child.Cheering defiantly and ululating for her daughter outside the morgue and at the cemetery, the mother finally broke down when the coffin arrived at the gravesite. "Perwin!" she cried, as her daughter's shrouded body was lifted out of her wooden coffin and placed in her grave.
After the pandemonium that was last night, CBS' Gregg Doyel walked over to Aaron Harrison Sr., the father of the twins, to ask him what he thought of his son's performance. “Even before you asked me about that, I was thinking the same thing: ‘Man, he's going to be a legend now.' But this is what he does.” According to the elder Harrison, in his final year of AAU basketball, in 75 games Aaron hit 12 game-winning shots.
Now, in college he is cementing his status as a cold-blooded killer. Shot, after shot, after shot. You ready UConn?
From Doyel's article:
What he definitely has is one more game to play. The biggest game of the season, one of the biggest games in Kentucky basketball history. The national championship game Monday night against UConn. It can't happen a third time in a row, right? That would be ridiculous.
Read the whole article here.
@WilderTreadKSR
From the New York Times:
At Vice, Cutting-Edge Media and Allegations of Old-School Sexual Harassment A media company built on subversion and outlandishness was unable to create “a safe and inclusive workplace” for women, two of its founders acknowledge. By EMILY STEEL DEC. 23, 2017 One woman said she was riding a Ferris wheel at Coney Island after a company event when a co-worker suddenly took her hand and put it on his crotch.
This must have been the first time in the history of the Coney Island Ferris wheel that that ever happened.
… The workplace problems were particularly disappointing, many women said, because they had viewed Vice as their dream opportunity. The company didn't pay well, some said, but it was the definition of cool for those who wanted to create entertainment and journalism on the cutting edge. The company bestowed select staff members rings that spell V-I-C-E — considered the ultimate prize.
People worked long hours and partied together afterward. And that's where the lines often blurred. Multiple women said that after a night of drinking, they wound up fending off touching, kissing and other advances from their superiors. …
When the Columbia Journalism Review published its article, it included a quote from Nancy Ashbrooke, the former human resources director at Vice, stating that since she joined the company in 2014 sexual harassment had “not been an issue.” (Ms. Ashbrooke worked as vice president of human resources at Harvey Weinstein's Miramax Films from 1991 to 2000.) … Current and former employees disputed Ms. Ashbrooke's statement. Kate Goss, a former project manager at Vice, said that in the summer of 2015 she reported an incident that occurred after a work event to her bosses and human resources. She said that on the Ferris wheel at Coney Island a creative director put her hand in his crotch without her consent. Ms. Goss said Ms. Ashbrooke told her there needed to be multiple incidents in order for her to take action against the other employee.
“V-I-C-E” … Hhmmhhmmh … I dunno, but there's something a little suspicious seeming about the letters “V-I-C-E” … It's almost like they're trying to send a message or something …Even at Vice, virtually every woman who dishes dirt in Weinsteingate is, at least in her own recounting, a paragon of virtue, with every informant uniformly “fending off” advances, never giving in to them.Seriously, there used to be a lot of emphasis in sexual harassment law on a “pattern” of abuse rather than just punishing men for a single drunken post-party pass on the Coney Island Ferris wheel that gets rejected. But our culture seems to be rapidly evolving toward a new rule where any single thing a man ever does must be punishable for any length of time. Thus, out of all the countless sleazy stuff that must have happened in the history of Vice, the one anecdote that gets pride of place in this article is the Coney Island Ferris wheel incident.
[Comment at Unz.com]
Video games as a medium are diverse and long-lasting, with something to offer everybody. From those obsessed with scores and bragging rights, to more relaxed individuals looking for an enthralling story with limited interaction, gamers who spend upwards of 100 hours in open worlds with random battles… and even the oddballs who just want to get the crap scared out of us.
In the era of Outlast and Five Nights at Freddy's, horror games are perhaps more popular now than they've ever been. Even the experiences vary wildly, with Dead Space and Resident Evil offering up action alongside grotesque body horror, while Kholat and Layers of Fear focus on more cerebral scares and intriguing stories. YouTubers PewDiePie and Markiplier have made such games approachable to a larger audience, thanks to the comedic charm of their commentary and presentation — but to truly appreciate the booming horror genre, one must take a look back at its history.
Humble Beginnings
Depending on who you ask, two different games are credited with kicking off the genre. 1982's 3D Monster Maze, programmed by Malcolm Evans for the Sinclair ZX81, put players in the shoes of someone lost in a maze with a relentless T. rex giving chase. The goal is to escape without being eaten, but there's only one exit, and the entire search is done in a first-person perspective.
The Atari 2600's Haunted House (also from 1982) is more often credited with the invention of the horror genre. Played from a top-down perspective, players must navigate three floors (and a basement) of the titular haunted house while searching for pieces of an urn. Although the graphics are crude, with barely-discernible shapes and figures on the screen, many mainstay features of the genre were established here.
There are items scattered around the mansion to find: a key, a scepter, and the urn itself. Only one item could be carried at a time, thus starting the tradition of limited inventories. As you make your way through the game, there are also several enemies to avoid, such as a flapping bat, the leggy tarantula, and a spooky ghost. If you manage to dodge them, you still have to contend with the darkness of those cramped, endless corridors. A match can be lit as necessary to light your path, but its guiding embers only remain lit for so long. Later, even the walls become invisible unless cast in this fleeting glow. If you make it out with the full urn, victory is yours — and you live to see another day! Get hit nine times, however… and you merely become another poor soul lost to the mansion's evils.
It's all too easy to look at these early examples of horror games and laugh, because who could possibly be scared by such simple experiences? However, these games were revolutionary at the time, and even if they weren't outright terrifying or overly hair-raising, gamers from the time will surely attest to the intensity both games instilled in them.
Precursors To Evil
When 1986 rolled around, Konami's Castlevania hit the scene on the Famicom, later re-released for the NES in 1987. Although Castlevania didn't go out of its way to frighten players, the enemies and environments encountered were certainly evocative of Universal's classic monster movies. Playing the role of Simon Belmont, gamers were charged with entering Dracula's mystical castle and doing battle with Frankenstein, Igor, the Grim Reaper, and Medusa, alongside other recognizable beasts. What it lacked in scares, Castlevania certainly made up for with sheer charm. Humanity's long history of spooky myths and legends could get no better love letter than this.
Shiryou Sensen: War of the Dead, released in 1987 for the MSX2, is the next notable horror game. Designed as an action-RPG with real-time battles, War of the Dead starred a green-haired SWAT member named Lila and had a greater emphasis on story. This title perhaps helped set the stage for later survival horror titles, most obviously the female-led Parasite Eve horror/RPG hybrid. War of the Dead also holds the distinction of introducing item storage crates to horror games — later used by mainstay series Resident Evil — and continued the tradition of limited inventory space first set by Haunted House.
When peeking back at the history of the genre, however, one game in particular deserves the brightest spotlight — the Famicom's Sweet Home, a companion to the 1989 film from which its name and plot derive. Developed by Capcom, this gem featured a group of documentarians who enter the long-abandoned Mamiya mansion. Trapped in that dilapidated house as evil envelops it, players must guide this eclectic group through every dangerous hall in hopes of defeating its inner demons.
Numerous revolutionary ideas were introduced to the horror genre here, while Sweet Home also incorporated long-established ideas to form a spectacularly challenging RPG experience. This hybrid of concepts would inspire the creation of similarly ambitious titles, ranging from the original Resident Evil, to the lesser-known (and appropriately titled) Obscure.
Each of the five playable characters have their own unique ability (such as Akiko's healing) or item (like Kazuo's lighter), all of which are necessary to achieve victory. The catch is devilishly brilliant, as players eventually discover the permanence of death, because fallen characters cannot be revived. Stakes in the digital realm don't get higher than that, and every randomly-encountered battle is both terrifying and unbelievably stressful as a result. In fact, survival horror enthusiasts often argue that this title truly marked the birth of the genre, though Resident Evil coined the phrase much later.
Sweet Home's storytelling would also resonate with gamers and developers alike, as its reliance on scattered notes and diary entries immersed everyone in the tragic lore of the Mamiya mansion. This began a trend which continued on into many games and series established afterward, and to this day many titles, like Layers of Fear make use of this idea.
However, it would be a shame to overlook an already oft-forgotten title — 1989's Project Firestart, a side-scroller for the Commodore 64. Released in the same year as Sweet Home, this title rarely gets the credit it deserves for pioneering many of the same themes and mechanics tackled by its peer — and a few of its own.
More than anything, it focused on an engrossing story, and even the intro is ridiculously cinematic for a game of its time. Once in-game, lead character Jon could happen across terminals with recorded journals and notes to further its deep backstory. Although the concept is similar to Sweet Home's notes, Project Firestart's sci-fi setting aboard the research ship Prometheus helped to differentiate it. Frequent cutscenes also lent a nice flair to the experience as a whole, momentarily distracting from minute-to-minute terror. As Jon, your unnerving vulnerability and limited ammunition kept stress high at all times, even when the rampant monsters and mutants weren't present on-screen. While traversing the hellish depths of Prometheus, dynamic music would ramp up the tension at ingenious intervals to drive fear into the player's core. When viewed through a modern lens, it's very easy to label this as a very clear forerunner to Visceral Games' Dead Space.
Alas, not every game has such effort put into it. As we've now reached 1989, when some seriously kick-ass titles were released, I would be remiss to gloss over one of the biggest stinkers. While Japan was exclusively granted access to Sweet Home and its wonderfully crafted gameplay, North America received a licensed nightmare of its own — Friday the 13th.
Set in the blood-soaked grounds of Camp Crystal Lake from the Friday the 13th film series, the game promised to replicate the sheer terror of those movies… and, like it or not, the results are truly memorable. Placed in the sneakers of a befuddled camp counselor, players were set to tango with iconic villain Jason Voorhees… as well as inexplicably present zombies, wolves, and demonic crows. Mrs. Voorhees was also changed into a Medusa-esque floating head. When imagining the initial pitch, I can almost hear an indifferent programmer shout, “Ehh, why not!”
Some of the ideas weren't necessarily bad, such as having to listen for the screams of fellow counselors and immediately rush to their rescue. Intermittently running into Jason could have also led to thrilling moments and thrown controllers, but the gameplay mechanics just weren't up to snuff. The ridiculously bright, vibrant color palette also didn't do it any favors — especially when Jason himself was the same violet shade as Barney the Dinosaur.
Don't even get me started on other licensed games of the era like A Nightmare on Elm Street, The Evil Dead, and Halloween!
A Look Ahead
As you can see, the horror genre was rich with great and varied experiences from the very beginning, aside from a few bad eggs. Unfortunately, these titles remained a niche attraction for many years — mirroring their close relatives in the film world — leading many of them to go ignored by the wider audience. Even so, these early steps helped to refine horror in video games until a time when technology enabled a thrilling evolution.
Come back again soon for the second part, where we'll discuss heavy hitters like Resident Evil and Silent Hill, while also tracing their influences to the current gaming landscape.
UPDATE: Part Two of “It's In Your Blood: A History of Horror Games” is now available!
Obesity has dramatically increased in the U.S. over the past several decades, and what Americans eat has a lot to do with it. In this article we'll look at the links between processed food, supernormal stimuli, and obesity.
The following chart shows the trend, taken from the CDC.
Surprisingly, the percentage of people who are merely overweight, with a body mass index (BMI) of 25 to 29.9, has remained fairly steady. But the percentage of the obese, with BMI >30, and morbidly obese, BMI >40, has radically increased.
Naturally, the question is, why?
The following chart may be part of the answer. It shows the top ten sources of calories for Americans, and comes from the National Dietary Guidelines, 2010.
Virtually everything on here is garbage: high carbohydrate and/or high sugar, or cooked in cancer-causing vegetable oils, and with little nutrient content.
Grain-based desserts was the top calorie source. This category includes “cake, cookies, pie, cobbler, sweet rolls, pastries, and donuts”. Even in the old days, before people cared much about healthy eating, everyone knew that these kinds of foods made you fat.
Bread, pasta, pizza, and burritos are prominent among food sources. These are more empty calories that raise blood sugar and insulin and predispose to obesity.
Soda, energy drinks, and alcohol are the top liquid calorie sources.
Before you get too excited about “chicken and chicken mixed dishes”, thinking, finally, some protein, this category includes “fried or baked chicken parts and chicken strips/patties, chicken stir-fries, chicken casseroles, chicken sandwiches, chicken salads, stewed chicken, and other chicken mixed dishes”. In other words, mainly a lot of processed, frozen, and fast-food junk.
Processed food and supernormal stimuli
Why do people eat this stuff? I can think of a few reasons.
It's cheap: bread and other high-carbohydrate food made with flour doesn't cost much. The cheap factor also makes for higher profit margins for food companies, so they push it. They don't know any better. When the establishment told us that cholesterol and saturated fat was bad for us and caused heart disease — which we now know to be utterly false — they also told us that sugar and carbs were benign — we also now know that to be false. So people eat this junk thinking it won't hurt them. It's everywhere. Given that most fast-food joints and grocery stores sell mainly this junk, and that that is what most people eat, it's difficult to eat anything but the norm. I can attest to this. If you want to eat healthy, most of the time that will mean preparing your own meals and eating at home. It tastes good, and people with low impulse control don't care about what they eat today will do to them tomorrow.
On this last note, that it tastes good, most people would certainly like to be lean, but they also want tasty food, and are unwilling to make the compromise.
Food companies have designed their products to be super tasty, even if that taste is of what we might call a low-rent, vulgar taste. This is the principle of supernormal stimuli.
Nobel Laureate Nikolaas Tinbergen developed the concept of the supernormal stimulus. He found, among other things, that birds would prefer to incubate a large, gaudy, artificial egg rather than their own. The artificial egg was more appealing and made the brain circuits associated with incubating behavior light up even more than the real eggs did.
In humans, pornography is an example of a supernormal stimulus that overrides the Coolidge effect.
The same concept can be applied to food. The junk food purveyors have taken great care to make their artificial foods as tasty as possible. Through intensive research, they've discovered what will do this.
Sugar is one such supernormal stimulus. It's present in only small amounts in the ancestral environment, but because we seem to be attuned to seeking it out, putting large amounts in food makes that food extra tasty.
Arguably, other foods like pizza and donuts fall into the same category: combinations of ingredients that make for such tasty food that we can't resist.
An end to the obesity epidemic?
Nope. Ain't gonna happen.
How to avoid being a victim of the obesity epidemic
The obesogenic nature of the kind of foods that most people eat means that you must largely avoid them.
Because of the supernormal stimuli embedded in them, the best course of action in my opinion is to avoid them at all costs. Supernormal stimuli cause addiction, and they may make your steak and eggs, foods that you should be eating, less appealing.
For most people, unless they have plenty of money to throw around, this means preparing food and eating at home. Avoid the center of the grocery store, where processed junk and soda are sols, and shop around the outside, where you'll find whole, unprocessed food like meat, cheese, eggs, and vegetables.
I have found a few options for eating out, such as a whole grilled chicken at my local Mexican eatery, but generally most eating out options are more expensive if you don't want processed high-carb food.
Subscribe and get my free book on fat loss
The European Commission (EC) wants to end anonymous trading in cryptocurrencies in order to help track terror groups's funding.
The EC yesterday published an Action Plan to strengthen the fight against the financing of terrorism (PDF) that says criminals are quick to seek out new ways of moving money that offer lower risk of detection.
While the plan doesn't offer evidence of virtual currencies being used to finance terrorism, the EC is alive to the possibility and feels it is better to contemplate regulation as part of the ongoing effort to stop terror attacks.
The plan therefore calls for virtual currency exchange platforms to be brought under the scope of the European Anti-Money Laundering Directive, which would mean exchanges would have to report just who used their services and when they were used. The Action Plan says “The Commission will also examine whether to include virtual currency 'wallet providers'.”
Bitcoinistas needn't feel singled out by the EC: the Action Plan also calls for a re-think of how to and when identify users of pre-loaded credit cards, without reducing their utility for the many people (many of them poor) who find them a useful financial instrument because they operate as credit cards but don't require holders to be credit-worthy. There's also a call for a central register of bank accounts and account holders to be established in all European Union member sates.
Another item the plan calls for is scrupulous consideration of all transactions between EU members and states known to be good spots for money-laundering.
As with so many government responses to situations created by new technologies, this one looks worthy-but-probably-futile because virtual currencies make a virtue of privacy.
As Bitcoin.org advises, "To protect your privacy, you should use a new Bitcoin address each time you receive a new payment. Additionally, you can use multiple wallets for different purposes. Doing so allows you to isolate each of your transactions in such a way that it is not possible to associate them all together. People who send you money cannot see what other Bitcoin addresses you own and what you do with them."
Throw in the fact that plenty of virtual currency exchanges operate beyond the EU's regulatory reach and that such operators will find ways to make it possible to cash in cryptocurrencies inside Europe. Even if crimping cryptocurrencies successfully denies terrorists access to funds, the Action Plan predicts exactly what they'll do next: find a less-risky way to get their hands on cash.
At which point, presumably, another Action Plan will become necessary. ®
14 IFTTT Recipes for Marketers That Will Make Content Marketing Easier
By Kari Rippetoe | Feb 24, 2015
More Articles by Kari
Marketers love things that make their lives easier, am I right? Well, everyone loves things that make their lives easier (have you ever heard someone complain “Gosh, I wish there was something that would make this task much more difficult than it actually is!”? If you hear someone say that, run away); but busy marketers have so much to do and keep up with on a daily basis, that we really seem to latch on to tools that will help us to actually get some of it done.
IFTTT is one such tool, and has become very popular for automating some of the more mundane tasks that, while necessary, many marketers don't want to deal with doing. IFTTT (which stands for If This Then That) allows you to create “recipes” that use various other technologies (such as other online tools, mobile apps, email, etc.) as the “ingredients.” These recipes follow the basic format of “If this happens, then do that.”
For instance, I have a Belkin WeMo® Switch that is controlled by the WeMo® app on my phone. I have recipes set up in IFTTT to turn that switch on and off at certain times – so “If it's 6am Monday through Friday, then turn on the switch.”
IFTTT can be particularly effective for content marketing. Here are some of the main ways I have found it can be used:
Content curation
Industry and brand monitoring
Social media posting
Generating and storing content ideas
One recipe I created that falls into that last category monitors certain Reddit subreddits (specifically, r/ppc, r/SEO, and r/DigitalMarketing) for hot topics, then sends me email alerts once a day with a list of those hot topics. Here is the recipe for the PPC subreddit.
I asked other marketers what their favorite content marketing IFTTT recipes were, and I learned about some really creative (and steal-worthy) ways this tool is being used:
Danica Jones, Marketing Manager, ConsumerAffairs.com
Recipe: Save links from bit.ly to Evernote [Get this recipe]
“One of my FAVORITE recipes for IFTTT help me save URLs for content marketing ideas directly to my Evernote account in a special notebook, where I can visit the links later and use them for research or content generation. I use this to share links I want my content marketing interns to research for various content projects we have going on in the office. It's nice to be away from my desk and still able to save a link, make some notes, and revisit it or have a team member review at any time.”
Steve Swift, CEO, PetCeption
Recipe: Tumbler to Buffer [Get this recipe]
“PetCeption uses IFTTT recipes for content curation from Tumbler out to multiple social media platforms. The distribution hub we use is Buffer, which is free for up to 10 posts that are then scheduled to be released at some future time and date.
Our IFTTT is basically looking for particular attributes of the Tumbler post (i.e. pic or gif) and designates accordingly. The ability to have an IFTTT that can then send this query to Buffer is super convenient, because Buffer allows the query to be shared across several platforms.”
Larissa Cox, Marketing Manager, SafetyLine
Recipe: Tag a Feedly article with a tag, add it to a Trello board [Get this recipe]
“I love IFTTT for content creation ideas. I use a recipe that allows me to add a Feedly article to a Trello board. When I am browsing Feedly for article ideas for our corporate blog, I can simply tag the article, and it will be in my ‘Content Brainstorm' board on Trello for later. It is a super helpful recipe that saves me a lot of time emailing myself articles that may get lost later.”
Recipe: Thanks a new follower with a tweet [Get this recipe]
“One of my favourite recipes helps me easily share content with new followers on Twitter, and even convert them into email subs. With this “Thank new followers with a tweet” recipe, I can edit it to give a new follower a link to our most recent eGuide, which will prompt them to enter a valid email address to receive the guide. It's a very handy way of establishing thought-leadership, and growing our database at the same time!”
Mark Mathson, Stand Modern
Recipe: Get feedly categories in digest [Get this recipe]
“Feedly, since Google Reader went by the wayside, has become my feed reader of choice. With Feedly + IFTTT, I can setup a special ‘Folder' that has my top blogs and news sources to watch for buzz and then set up the IFTTT rule to automatically email me a daily digest.
“Why is this the best? Well, for a couple of reasons: I don't have to go out and manually subscribe to tons of email lists to get content (and some blogs don't offer). Also, it allows me to curate the most interesting topics for content ideas, and pare down as needed. A quick click will remove it from the Feedly folder IFTTT is watching daily.”
Brian Patterson, Founder, Go Fish Digital
Recipe: Email Alerts for Wikipedia Page Updates [Get this recipe]
“Get an email alert when a Wikipedia page is updated. This is useful for industry Wikipedia pages as well as clients – I always know how they are represented online.”
Recipe: Mark Watch Later on YouTube and save it to Pocket [Get this recipe]
“If I see a video or tweet but don't have the time to watch it at that moment, I'll just click ‘Watch Later', which will add it to my Pocket queue. I use that to catch up on industry articles and having things all together is really helpful.”
Recipe: Pocket favorites saved to Evernote [Get this recipe]
“If I favorite something on Pocket, it gets added to my Evernote. That way I always have it and it'll be super easy to find.”
Alan O'Rourke, Director of Marketing, WorkCompass
Recipe: Curate conference tweets into Google Docs [Get this recipe]
“One of my favourite IFTTT uses is to curate the highlights from industry conferences around the world. Here is how I do it:
Track down the twitter hashtag for the event. In IFTTT, I set up a new project and connect it with my Google Docs. IF someone on Twitter tweets with the hashtag, then add it to a
new row in a Google spreadsheet. At the end of the conference open the spreadsheet and pull out the best
quotes and insights to use in a blog post. It will take you about an hour
to do this and format it nicely so it is not a wall of text.”
Michael Netsch, Director Marketing, MultiBase
Recipe: Get an email as soon as your (brand) name is mentioned on Reddit [Get this recipe]
“You don't want to get surprised when you get mentioned on Reddit and either your webservers go down or you have to fix a problem of some kind. This is why I set up an IFTTT recipe to alert me via email as soon as my brand name is mentioned on Reddit.”
Mandy Kilinskis, Content & Social Media Manager, Quality Logo Products
Recipe: Post your Instagram pictures as native Twitter pictures [Get this recipe]
“My favorite recipe is the one that pushes Instagram photos to Twitter. I was really bummed when Instagram didn't allow pictures to show up in Twitter feeds anymore, so this was an excellent way to get visual content back into our Twitter feed without having to upload the pictures individually! This keeps our feed interesting and allows us to share more of our brand personality with current and possible customers. It's also a great way to show off our products!”
Eamonn Colman, Director of Marketing, ComputeNext
Recipe: Track influencer activity on Quora [Get this recipe]
“We love…Quora to help us find good topics for content, so we've created recipes to help us automate the research. For Quora we take the influencer road, and track some of our most important industry analysts or company evangelists. First you've got to find their profile and convert it to an RSS feed. There are some simple tools to do that such as Page2RSS. [We then receive] instant alerts when important industry evangelists are on new trends or asking questions we could be answering via blog or PR outreach.”
Sandy Sidhu, Online Marketing Strategist, Sandy Sidhu Media
Recipe: Share branded hashtag content from Instagram to Facebook [Get this recipe]
“One of my favorite IFTTT recipes for content curation is sharing branded hashtag content to my Facebook Business page. When I share an Instagram post and use a specific brand hashtag, that photo will be shared on my Facebook Business page. This lets me share specific content that is in-line with my brand and not overwhelm my page with all my Instagram photos.”
What is your favorite IFTTT recipe for content marketing (or any other marketing, for that matter)? Share yours in the comments below!
Share this article
Ever had a craving for fresh local beer but found yourself too lazy to put on pants and venture out into the world? There's no need for pants OR thirst – The Ohio Taproom in Grandview is launching growler delivery service.
The service will be offered within a three mile radius of The Ohio Taproom. Customers will be able to order online or call in their order. Initially, delivery will be offered Tuesday, Wednesdays and Thursdays in either 3-6pm or 6-9pm delivery windows, though that is likely to be expanded based on success. The delivery fee is $2.50, cash and credit are both accepted, and customers will be ID'd at the door.
As part of the service, customers will be required to buy a new growler/howler from The
Ohio Taproom (they can't exactly refill yours when they don't have it), but you will be able to return a clean growler for a $4 token, which can be used at the Taproom.
Warning: You might have to put on pants to open the door for the delivery driver.
Programmer dictionary: Extension receiver vs Dispatch receiver
Igor Wojda 👋🤖 Blocked Unblock FoFollowec 6, 2017
The concept of receivers was previously explained, so make sure you know what receiver is before reading further.
Extension receiver is the receiver that is closely related to Kotlin extensions. Extension receiver represents an object that we define an extension for. To define extension we must precede it with receiver type (usually name of the class or interface). Extension receiver is an instance of the object that extension is invoked on. Let's look at Ball.bounce extension function:
fun String.firstChar(): Char = this.get(this.length — 1)
fun String.lastCharacter() {
println(“Receiver type is ${this.javaClass}, Reciver object is ${this.name}”)
}
val ball = Ball(“Golf ball”)
ball.bounce()
// prints: Receiver type is Ball, Receiver object is Golf ball
The above instance of Ball class is accessible as extension receiver inside the body of bounce extension. Receiver type specifies the type of receiver object (Ball), while Receiver object is an instance of the class that is a receiver (Golf ball / Tennis ball). Notice that in case of extensions receiver object behaves as any other object, so we can't access members with private or protected visibility.
Dispatch receiver is a special kind of receiver existing when the extension is declared a member. It represents an instance of the class in which the extension is declared in. Imagine that we will define uploadToBackend extension for Person class. Notice that we will define this receiver inside Network class:
class Person {
fun move() {}
}
class NetworkRepository {
fun loadData() {}
fun Person.uploadToBackend() {
move() //method from extension receiver
loadData() //method from extension dispatch receiver
}
}
In the body of a uploadToBackend extension method, we can call methods from Person class and NetworkRepository class. The reason behind this, is that our uploadToBackend method has two receivers. First is extension receiver that represents an instance of the class on which extension was invoked. Second is dispatch receiver representing an instance of the class where the extension is declared. Notice that both of the receivers are implicit receivers in above example — we are calling two different methods on two different objects without specifying a receiver.
To call our extension method for Person class we need extension receiver of Database type.
class Person {
fun move() {}
}
class Database (al person:Person) {
fun loadData() {}
fun doSomething() {
person.uploadToBackend(); // We can access extension here
}
fun Person.uploadToBackend() {
move()
loadData()
}
}
val person = Person()
person.uploadToBackend() // Compilation error
Compiler will report error when we call uploadToBacnekd method outside Database class (in context that does not have receiver of Database type). We can call this extension inside Database class because proper receiver is available.
But what happens if both methods would have the same signature? Let's add move method to Database class.
class Person {
fun move() {}
}
class NetworkRepository (val person:Person) {
fun loadData() {}
fun move() {}
fun doSomething() {
person.uploadToBackend();
}
fun Person.uploadToBackend() {
// calls method defined in Person class
move()
// calls method defined in NetworkRepository class
this@NetworkRepository.move()
}
}
By default move method defined in Person class will take precedence, but if we want to access method in NetworkRepository we need to use explicit receiver (this@NetworkRepository).
DARPA Robotics Challenge is the next grand challenge that's really getting most of the robotics community on their toes. The goal of this program is to develop ground robots that are able to operate in degraded human-engineered environments performing complex task such as opening a valve, climb a ladder or even drive a car. This is in response to the difficulties faced by robots deployed during the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear incident. That revealed a lot about the current capabilities of the robots in the market today. It's not that the robots are incapable but it's a matter about using the wrong tool for the job.
Team Steel, led by Christopher Atkeson, is one of the two CMU teams taking part in the DARPA Robotics Challenge. They have selected to take part in Track B (using a DARPA-provided robot, the PETMAN) while their counterparts (TARTAN RESCUE, lead by Tony Stentz) have chosen to take part in track A where members of that team will develop a robot of their own.
They have worked on the Sarcos Humanoid Robot, a robot similar to the PETMAN. They will implement some learning methods and interesting techniques for their robot. This will definitely be beneficial to the other team given CMU has fielded 2 teams in this competition.
Clinton garners 37 percent support in the Democratic field, with Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) behind her at 27 percent and Vice President Biden — who has not declared a White House bid — at 20 percent.
ADVERTISEMENT
Clinton's total is 10 percentage points down from the same poll in August, while Sanders's is static and Biden's is up 6 points.
In head-to-head polls, Clinton ties with Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump at 48 percent each.
Faced with other top GOP contenders, Clinton trails retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson 51 percent to 46 percent and trails former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush 49 percent to 47 percent.
The poll of 1,012 adults overall — 395 Democrats or Democratic-leaning voters — was conducted Sept. 4-8. It has an overall margin of error of plus or minus 3 percentage points, and a margin of error among Democratic voters of plus or minus 5 percentage points.
By now you've heard the big news: Frozen 2 is happening! Is this real life? Yes, yes it is! But alas, the news is bittersweet because we have to wait until for the new film. How are we going to survive? How are you going to survive? Don't worry! We have some helpful tips for making it through the eternal winter that is waiting for next Frozen movie:
Watch Frozen
We know you've seen it a hundred times by now, but it remains a real delight. So if you don't know it word by word, now's your chance to learn. And if you do, go ahead and watch it while reciting every word. Your friends will love it, trust us.
2. Watch Frozen Fever
Perfect timing! You can see the all-new short Frozen Fever in theaters starting March 13 with Cinderella! We recommend just buying a ticket for every showing and moving in to your local theater.
3. Listen to the Frozen Soundtrack
One of the best things about Frozen is undoubtedly the wonderful music by that cute and sassy married duo, Robert and Kristen Lopez. So while you're waiting for the next movie, make sure to sing “Let it Go”, “First Time in Forever”, “Love is an Open Door”, and “In Summer” at the top of your lungs while you're driving, in the shower, at lunch with your friends, while walking your dog, in line at the grocery store … literally everywhere you go.
4. Make Frozen GIFs
GIFs are the gift that keep on giving. Why not make your own fun Frozen ones so you can relive your favorite moments in a mildly obsessive fashion while looking internet-savvy?
5. Take Every Frozen Quiz
Fact: A quiz is the only legally binding way to determine whether or not you are allowed to see the new Frozen movie.* Find out if you're Anna or Elsa or Olaf or Sven or which Frozen guy you are, or if you're the ultimate Frozen fan, or if you can fill in the Frozen lyrics—pausing for breath—or if you know all the Frozen trivia there is to know.
*This is not a fact.
6. Reenact Frozen with a Pet or Child
Obviously make sure the pet and/or child have agreed to be a part of your Frozen reenactment. And make sure to film it for posterity. This is your time to shine. You know this movie like the back of your hand, so put a funny costume on your dog and get going.
7. Imagine You are the star of Frozen 2
Maybe there will be a beautiful and intelligent new princess in town, with modern sensibilities and a great singing voice, who becomes BFFs with Anna and Elsa. We can dream.
8. Build a Frozen-inspired Snowman
Whether you live in a wintery tundra or a warm climate, you can take some snow/sand/clay and sculpt a perfect replica of Olaf. Make sure to include carrot nose and sunny disposition.
These action items should keep us occupied for at least a week, at which point we'll start them over again and again and again until that fateful day when we can walk into a theater to see Frozen 2.
How excited are you for Frozen 2? Tell us in the comments!
Posted 4 years Ago
Spain's top criminal court said Wednesday it had sentenced 11 former executives of stamp firm Afinsa to up to 12 years in jail for their role in a vast scam that ruined thousands of savers.
The Madrid-based Audiencia Nacional also ordered six of the accused to pay 2.57 billion euros ($2.8 billion) in compensation for the losses incurred by investors -- including former Afinsa president Juan Antonio Cano, who was sentenced to 12 years and ten months in prison.
The court said the scam, which saw Afinsa sell low quality and sometimes fake stamps for highly inflated prices to more than 190,000 people in Spain and Portugal from 1998 to 2006, was "one of the biggest frauds our courts ever experienced."
The company promised to buy back people's stamps after these supposedly rose in value, which would see their clients recoup their initial investment plus interest, the court said.
But given that the reportedly rare stamps were actually of little value in the collectors market, initial investors were only paid thanks to the cashflow received by other newer customers, in a classic Ponzi scheme.
By 2006 when authorities started investigating the scam, Afinsa had accumulated 2.57 billion euros in liabilities.
According to the court, the investors were largely middle-class people, "who in many cases lost the savings they were keeping for retirement or for crisis situations."
In one case reported by the El Pais daily in May 2006, nearly half of the 2,300 inhabitants of the village of Dosbarrios, a farming community in the heart of the country, lost their savings.
Apart from Cano, who was found guilty of aggravated fraud and criminal insolvency, the other former executives received prison sentences ranging from two years and three months to 11 years.
They were also ordered to pay fines totaling more than 72 million euros.
MEN who feel sick after having sex may be suffering because they are allergic to their own semen, according to Dutch researchers.
The illness - referred to as post orgasmic illness syndrome, or POIS - has flu-like symptoms that appear immediately after orgasm and can stick around for up to a week.
The condition has been documented in medical journals since 2002, but it is only now that this has been suggested as a cause.
The study, published yesterday in the online Journal of Sexual Medicine, states the cause of POIS is an allergy to the man's own semen, "as soon as it is triggered by ejaculation".
45 Dutch men took part in the study. 33 of the subjects consented to a skin-prick allergy test with their own system of which 29 had a positive test.
The symptoms include fever, runny nose, extreme fatigue and burning eyes.
Marcel Waldinger, a professor of sexual psychopharmacology at Utrecht University in the Netherlands, told the Toronto Sun "these results are a very important breakthrough in the research of this syndrome."
He said the findings "contradict the idea that the complaints have a psychological cause."
Mr Waldinger suggested a treatment of hyposensitisation therapy - a process of exposing the body to gradually increasing amounts of the allergen over many years - can reduce the severity of the condition.
Originally published as Post-sex man flu may be allergy to own semen
FAF carsh report a guest Aug 23rd, 2015 213 Never a guest213Never
Not a member of Pastebin yet? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features!
rawdownloadcloneembedreportprint text 5.16 KB EXCEPTION_ACCESS_VIOLATION (0xc0000005) at address 0x00938ac8 attempted to read memory at 0x00000000 Program : C:\ProgramData\FAForever\bin\ForgedAlliance.exe Cmd line arguments : /ratingcolor 00000000 /numgames 0 /mean 1500.0 /deviation 500.0 /country /init init_coop.lua /savereplay gpgnet://localhost/3793150/Fyre-Fly.SCFAreplay /nobugreport /gpgnet 127.0.0.1:60049 Callstack: Unknown symbol (address 0x00938ac8) Unknown symbol (address 0x00914412) Unknown symbol (address 0x10e9783b) Last 100 lines of log... debug: Loading module '\000/lua/ui/lobby/data/playerdata.lua\000' info: Hooked /lua/ui/lobby/data/playerdata.lua with /mods/coop/hook/lua/ui/lobby/data/playerdata.lua debug: Loading module '\000/lua/ui/lobby/data/watchedvalue/watchedvaluetable.lua\000' debug: Loading module '\000/lua/ui/lobby/data/watchedvalue/watchedvalue.lua\000' debug: Loading module '\000/lua/factions.lua\000' debug: Loading module '\000/lua/ui/lobby/data/gamedata.lua\000' debug: Loading module '\000/lua/ui/lobby/data/watchedvalue/watchedvaluearray.lua\000' debug: Loading module '\000/lua/ui/controls/togglebutton.lua\000' debug: Loading module '\000/lua/ui/lobby/lobbycomm.lua\000' info: Hooked /lua/ui/lobby/lobbycomm.lua with /mods/coop/hook/lua/ui/lobby/lobbycomm.lua debug: Loading module '\000/lua/mods.lua\000' debug: Loading module '\000/lua/system/setutils.lua\000' debug: Loading module '\000/lua/ui/controls/textarea.lua\000' debug: Loading module '\000/lua/ui/lobby/trueskill.lua\000' debug: Loading module '\000/etc/faf/blacklist.lua\000' debug: Loading module '\000/lua/ui/help/tooltips-country.lua\000' debug: Loading module '\000/lua/system/dkson.lua\000' debug: Loading module '\000/lua/ui/lobby/lobbyoptions.lua\000' info: Hooked /lua/ui/lobby/lobbyoptions.lua with /mods/coop/hook/lua/ui/lobby/lobbyoptions.lua debug: Loading module '\000/lua/gamecolors.lua\000' info: /country info: /init info: /ratingcolor info: /numgames info: /mean info: /clan info: /deviation info: GPGNET: setting nat handler to 0x114e6004 info: LOBBY: Game port 6112[UDP] opened. info: LOBBY: starting with local uid of 122628 [Fyre-Fly] info: GPGNET: entering lobby state. info: GPGNET: sending nat packet to 37.58.123.2:30351 info: GPGNET: sending nat packet to 37.58.123.2:30351 info: GPGNET: sending nat packet to 37.58.123.2:30351 warning: { warning: } warning: { warning: } warning: { warning: MEAN = 1500 warning: StartSpot = 1 warning: ArmyColor = 17 warning: PlayerClan = "" warning: NG = 0 warning: Team = 1 warning: Ready = false warning: PlayerColor = 17 warning: Country = "world" warning: PlayerName = "Fyre-Fly" warning: AIPersonality = "" warning: ObserverListIndex = -1 warning: BadMap = false warning: Civilian = false warning: Faction = 2 warning: OwnerID = "122628" warning: RC = "00000000" warning: PL = 0 warning: DEV = 500 warning: Human = true warning: } info: SetGameOption(key="UnitCap",val="1500") info: SetGameOption(key="ShareUnitCap",val="none") info: SetGameOption(key="FogOfWar",val="explored") info: SetGameOption(key="Victory",val="sandbox") info: SetGameOption(key="Timeouts",val="-1") info: SetGameOption(key="GameSpeed",val="adjustable") info: SetGameOption(key="AllowObservers",val=false) info: SetGameOption(key="CheatsEnabled",val="false") info: SetGameOption(key="CivilianAlliance",val="enemy") info: SetGameOption(key="PrebuiltUnits",val="Off") info: SetGameOption(key="NoRushOption",val="Off") info: SetGameOption(key="RandomMap",val="Off") info: SetGameOption(key="Score",val="yes") info: SetGameOption(key="Share",val="no") info: SetGameOption(key="Difficulty",val=1) info: SetGameOption(key="TeamSpawn",val="fixed") info: SetGameOption(key="TeamLock",val="locked") info: SetGameOption(key="AutoTeams",val="none") info: SetGameOption(key="ScenarioFile",val="/maps/x1ca_coop_003.v0005/x1ca_coop_003_scenario.lua") debug: Loading module '\000/lua/maui/effecthelpers.lua\000' debug: Loading module '\000/lua/ui/controls/combo.lua\000' debug: Loading module '\000/lua/maui/statusbar.lua\000' debug: Loading module '\000/lua/ui/controls/columnlayout.lua\000' debug: Loading module '\000/lua/ui/lobby/changelog.lua\000' debug: Loading module '\000/lua/ui/lobby/aitypes.lua\000' debug: Loading module '\000/lua/ai/customais_v2/sorianai.lua\000' info: GPGNET: received nat packet from 37.58.123.2:30351 info: GPGNET: sending nat packet to 37.58.123.2:30351 info: GPGNET: sending nat packet to 37.58.123.2:30351 info: GPGNET: sending nat packet to 37.58.123.2:30351 info: GPGNET: sending nat packet to 37.58.123.2:30351 info: GPGNET: sending nat packet to 37.58.123.2:30351 info: GPGNET: sending nat packet to 37.58.123.2:30351 info: GPGNET: sending nat packet to 37.58.123.2:30351 info: GPGNET: sending nat packet to 37.58.123.2:30351 debug: Loading module '\000/lua/ui/dialogs/mapselect.lua\000' info: Hooked /lua/ui/dialogs/mapselect.lua with /mods/coop/hook/lua/ui/dialogs/mapselect.lua debug: Loading module '\000/lua/ui/menus/main.lua\000' debug: Loading module '\000/lua/maui/movie.lua\000' debug: Loading module '\000/lua/ui/lobby/modsmanager.lua\000'
RAW Paste Data
EXCEPTION_ACCESS_VIOLATION (0xc0000005) at address 0x00938ac8 attempted to read memory at 0x00000000 Program : C:\ProgramData\FAForever\bin\ForgedAlliance.exe Cmd line arguments : /ratingcolor 00000000 /numgames 0 /mean 1500.0 /deviation 500.0 /country /init init_coop.lua /savereplay gpgnet://localhost/3793150/Fyre-Fly.SCFAreplay /nobugreport /gpgnet 127.0.0.1:60049 Callstack: Unknown symbol (address 0x00938ac8) Unknown symbol (address 0x00914412) Unknown symbol (address 0x10e9783b) Last 100 lines of log... debug: Loading module '\000/lua/ui/lobby/data/playerdata.lua\000' info: Hooked /lua/ui/lobby/data/playerdata.lua with /mods/coop/hook/lua/ui/lobby/data/playerdata.lua debug: Loading module '\000/lua/ui/lobby/data/watchedvalue/watchedvaluetable.lua\000' debug: Loading module '\000/lua/ui/lobby/data/watchedvalue/watchedvalue.lua\000' debug: Loading module '\000/lua/factions.lua\000' debug: Loading module '\000/lua/ui/lobby/data/gamedata.lua\000' debug: Loading module '\000/lua/ui/lobby/data/watchedvalue/watchedvaluearray.lua\000' debug: Loading module '\000/lua/ui/controls/togglebutton.lua\000' debug: Loading module '\000/lua/ui/lobby/lobbycomm.lua\000' info: Hooked /lua/ui/lobby/lobbycomm.lua with /mods/coop/hook/lua/ui/lobby/lobbycomm.lua debug: Loading module '\000/lua/mods.lua\000' debug: Loading module '\000/lua/system/setutils.lua\000' debug: Loading module '\000/lua/ui/controls/textarea.lua\000' debug: Loading module '\000/lua/ui/lobby/trueskill.lua\000' debug: Loading module '\000/etc/faf/blacklist.lua\000' debug: Loading module '\000/lua/ui/help/tooltips-country.lua\000' debug: Loading module '\000/lua/system/dkson.lua\000' debug: Loading module '\000/lua/ui/lobby/lobbyoptions.lua\000' info: Hooked /lua/ui/lobby/lobbyoptions.lua with /mods/coop/hook/lua/ui/lobby/lobbyoptions.lua debug: Loading module '\000/lua/gamecolors.lua\000' info: /country info: /init info: /ratingcolor info: /numgames info: /mean info: /clan info: /deviation info: GPGNET: setting nat handler to 0x114e6004 info: LOBBY: Game port 6112[UDP] opened. info: LOBBY: starting with local uid of 122628 [Fyre-Fly] info: GPGNET: entering lobby state. info: GPGNET: sending nat packet to 37.58.123.2:30351 info: GPGNET: sending nat packet to 37.58.123.2:30351 info: GPGNET: sending nat packet to 37.58.123.2:30351 warning: { warning: } warning: { warning: } warning: { warning: MEAN = 1500 warning: StartSpot = 1 warning: ArmyColor = 17 warning: PlayerClan = "" warning: NG = 0 warning: Team = 1 warning: Ready = false warning: PlayerColor = 17 warning: Country = "world" warning: PlayerName = "Fyre-Fly" warning: AIPersonality = "" warning: ObserverListIndex = -1 warning: BadMap = false warning: Civilian = false warning: Faction = 2 warning: OwnerID = "122628" warning: RC = "00000000" warning: PL = 0 warning: DEV = 500 warning: Human = true warning: } info: SetGameOption(key="UnitCap",val="1500") info: SetGameOption(key="ShareUnitCap",val="none") info: SetGameOption(key="FogOfWar",val="explored") info: SetGameOption(key="Victory",val="sandbox") info: SetGameOption(key="Timeouts",val="-1") info: SetGameOption(key="GameSpeed",val="adjustable") info: SetGameOption(key="AllowObservers",val=false) info: SetGameOption(key="CheatsEnabled",val="false") info: SetGameOption(key="CivilianAlliance",val="enemy") info: SetGameOption(key="PrebuiltUnits",val="Off") info: SetGameOption(key="NoRushOption",val="Off") info: SetGameOption(key="RandomMap",val="Off") info: SetGameOption(key="Score",val="yes") info: SetGameOption(key="Share",val="no") info: SetGameOption(key="Difficulty",val=1) info: SetGameOption(key="TeamSpawn",val="fixed") info: SetGameOption(key="TeamLock",val="locked") info: SetGameOption(key="AutoTeams",val="none") info: SetGameOption(key="ScenarioFile",val="/maps/x1ca_coop_003.v0005/x1ca_coop_003_scenario.lua") debug: Loading module '\000/lua/maui/effecthelpers.lua\000' debug: Loading module '\000/lua/ui/controls/combo.lua\000' debug: Loading module '\000/lua/maui/statusbar.lua\000' debug: Loading module '\000/lua/ui/controls/columnlayout.lua\000' debug: Loading module '\000/lua/ui/lobby/changelog.lua\000' debug: Loading module '\000/lua/ui/lobby/aitypes.lua\000' debug: Loading module '\000/lua/ai/customais_v2/sorianai.lua\000' info: GPGNET: received nat packet from 37.58.123.2:30351 info: GPGNET: sending nat packet to 37.58.123.2:30351 info: GPGNET: sending nat packet to 37.58.123.2:30351 info: GPGNET: sending nat packet to 37.58.123.2:30351 info: GPGNET: sending nat packet to 37.58.123.2:30351 info: GPGNET: sending nat packet to 37.58.123.2:30351 info: GPGNET: sending nat packet to 37.58.123.2:30351 info: GPGNET: sending nat packet to 37.58.123.2:30351 info: GPGNET: sending nat packet to 37.58.123.2:30351 debug: Loading module '\000/lua/ui/dialogs/mapselect.lua\000' info: Hooked /lua/ui/dialogs/mapselect.lua with /mods/coop/hook/lua/ui/dialogs/mapselect.lua debug: Loading module '\000/lua/ui/menus/main.lua\000' debug: Loading module '\000/lua/maui/movie.lua\000' debug: Loading module '\000/lua/ui/lobby/modsmanager.lua\000'
President Barack Obama has sided with U.S. military and Defense Department officials in rejecting a proposal by the U.S. ambassador to Pakistan for a U.S. apology for last weekend's attack on two Pakistani border posts, and approving an investigation into the attack that won't be completed until Dec. 23 at the earliest.
The White House and the military bloc are gambling that the lengthy investigation into the attack that killed 25 Pakistani troops will defuse popular Pakistani anger and that final report will allow the Obama administration to return to a more aggressive policy toward Pakistan in 2012.
But the course Obama has chosen is likely to further aggravate the anti-U.S. sentiment in Pakistan that has boiled over in response to the violation of Pakistani sovereignty and unprecedented number of deaths of Pakistani troops. U.S. diplomats in Pakistan and State Department officials are seriously concerned that the rejection of any acknowledgement of U.S. responsibility for nearly three weeks will push Pakistan further toward a potentially irreversible break in relations with the United States.
Pakistan has vowed to close "permanently" the U.S.-NATO logistics routes through which more than half of the supplies needed for the war in Afghanistan must pass. Despite the development of an alternative set of routes through Central Asian republics, that closure will seriously constrain the U.S. ability to wage war in Afghanistan within four to six weeks, according to Washington Post columnist David Ignatius, who usually reflects the latest thinking of Pentagon and CIA officials.
Although Washington hopes that decision will be reversed in the coming weeks, some U.S. officials warn that the closure could harden under popular political pressure.
Serious concern about rapidly rising anti-U.S. sentiment forcing the hand of the Pakistani government led the U.S. ambassador to Pakistan, Cameron Munter, to urge the White House to move quickly to assuage Pakistani anger, according to the New York Times and the CNN security blog "Security Clearance."
Munter reportedly told a group of White House officials that if the United States has evidence that Pakistani troops had actually fired at U.S. troops first, it should provide it to Pakistan, but that if it has evidence that U.S. forces were at fault, the White House should issue a formal apology in order to prevent far more serious deterioration of relations.
Defense Department officials argued, however, that no statement on the attack should be issued by the White House until the formal investigation is completed, and that the expression of condolences by the White House press secretary and cabinet officials was sufficient until then, according to a report in the New York Times first published Nov. 30.
The investigation launched by CENTCOM commander Gen. James N. Mattis is to be completed and a report submitted by Dec. 23, but the letter from Mattis states that the officer in charge may request additional time to complete it.
At the daily State Department briefing by spokesman Mark Toner Friday, a reporter referred to "concern expressed by U.S. officials in this building…that the window is rapidly closing for the United States to come up with some kind of explanation for the Pakistanis."
The Defense Department argument that the United States can keep the Pakistani government and population waiting for more than three weeks for the results of the investigation is based in part on the longstanding assumption that the Pakistani military will be forced to accommodate U.S. interests, because of its dependence on U.S. assistance.
Decades of patron-client relations between the Pakistani military and their U.S. military and CIA counterparts have created a widespread belief in the military and CIA that Pakistan is too dependent on the United States for assistance to cut loose completely from U.S. policy.
A Dec. 1 column by the Washington Post‘s Ignatius shows that the notion of Pakistan is client state remains intact among Pentagon officials.
Ignatius suggested that the Pakistani military will soon have to wake up from its gestures of opposition to U.S. policy – especially the cutoff of NATO supplies for Afghanistan.
"Continued Pakistani reprisals make sense only [if] Islamabad is heading toward a real and lasting break with Washington," he wrote, adding, "I don't get the sense that's what Pakistan's leaders really want."
So the Pakistanis "will need to figure out how to climb down the hill," he wrote, "now that they have forcefully planted the flag."
The justification for the military and DOD officials to oppose the admission of responsibility for those deaths and to express regret for it is not based on a conviction that U.S. troops were innocent in the Nov. 26 attack. The Nov. 30 New York Times report said DOD officials "did not deny some American culpability in the episode…."
That private admission suggests that the real reason for rejecting an apology is that it would shift the focus of media attention away from the Pakistani policy of allowing insurgents to have safe havens in Pakistan from which to carry out operations in Afghanistan.
U.S. military and Defense Department officials desperately need to make the case that Pakistani complicity in Taliban insurgent attacks across the border in Afghanistan is the primary obstacle to the success of the 10-year U.S.-NATO war in Afghanistan.
That interest can only be served if the investigation ordered by CENTCOM concludes that there is no reason for the United States to apologize, because of the threat to U.S. troops from insurgents who have been protected by the Pakistani army.
The investigation would have to give credibility to the claim by the U.S. Special Operations Forces (SOF) unit and its Afghan counterpart that they pursued the insurgents who attacked them across the border to a location close to, if not inside, an encampment that turned out to be a Pakistani border post.
A series of news media stories in the days after the incident reported just such accounts from members of the SOF commando unit, but the Pakistani army command provided details that refuted it. The U.S. military has denied that the attack on the border posts was deliberate, but it has also acknowledged privately to the New York Times that U.S. troops were culpable in the deaths of the Pakistani troops.
The U.S. military investigation is supposed to be open to Pakistani participation, though not as an equal partner. But Pentagon spokesman George Little confirmed Friday that Pakistan has elected not to participate in it.
Maj. Gen. Ashfaq Nadeem, the Pakistani Army's director general of military operations, has pointed to earlier "joint investigations" of U.S. violations of Pakistani sovereignty as having "come to naught." He referred to "joint investigations" with the International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) into the three U.S.-NATO attacks on Pakistani troops on Jun. 10, 2008, Dec. 30, 2010 and Jul. 17, 2011.
The reports generated by those inquiries "give a version not based on facts as we know them," Nadeem said.
The appointment of Brig. Gen. Stephen Clark to carry out the investigation of the attack on the Pakistani border posts raises yet another issue: whether the investigation will hold the SOF unit involved and the helicopter pilots attached to it fully accountable.
Clark has spent virtually his entire military career in the Air Force Special Operations Command.
The helicopter pilots who made crucial decisions during the assault on the border posts were almost certainly affiliated with the Air Force Special Operations Command.
Even more than other branches of the military, Special Operations Forces officers are known for protecting other SOF personnel against any legal challenge. When he was commander of ISAF in 2010, SOF veteran Gen. Stanley A. McChrystal used two separate investigations to deflect charges that an SOF unit had covered up the killings of two pregnant women in a February 2010 night raid gone bad.
Read more by Gareth Porter
Welcome to the first installment of Most Craved, a new webseries that brings you in-depth discussions that tackle the biggest topics in entertainment each week. In this episode, we're talking about the just-announced title Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice and the recent photos that have been revealed from the production, including first looks at Ben Affleck as Batman and Gal Gadot as Wonder Woman. We also look at the small-screen DC Universe and the upcoming wave of new series that includes "The Flash," "Constantine," "iZombie," and "Gotham."
Hosts this week include CraveOnline's William Bibbiani, GeekNation's Jenna Busch and our own Silas Lesnick.
Don't let the conversation end with just the below video. Share your own thoughts in the comments below and let us know if there's a topic you'd like to see discussed in a future episode!
You might remember a couple weeks back when Shane Warne ran into a's bike after tweeting his disdain towards cyclists. Warnie quickly got on the front foot and made statements to the media about his version of what happened. Soon after the cyclist sent me a letter stating his side of the story. Mat Hollingsworth has now revealed his identity and launched a civil lawsuit against Shane Warne.
While all of this was going on I got in touch with my friends from SRAM to see if they could do anything to get Mat back on the road. I could tell from the photos that it was a cyclocross bike (the media reports say it's a “hi-tech bike”) and it wouldn't be a big deal to get him a new derailleur and wheels. They were more than happy to help out. SRAM dropped off the Apex derailleur and S30 wheels and on Sunday I delivered them to Mat who gave me a couple bottles of his homemade ale as a gesture of his appreciation (I assume that Mat got his bike fixed before he had received these parts from SRAM). I had meant to pass these onto SRAM guys but I got a little thirsty during the Nadal and Djokovic match. Sorry fellas…
This morning I read about Mat's a civil lawsuit against Shane Warne for the $1575 repair bill on his “hi-tech bike” plus damages, interest and costs. A minor incident like this wouldn't be something the police would normally get involved with but Shane Warne has a massive amount of influence over a certain population who seem to have taken it upon themselves to make our roads more dangerous. The police are doing absolutely nothing about Warnie's irresponsible behaviour and will not press any charges. Mat tells me that it's not about the money, it's about the principle of the matter and he's standing up for cyclist's rights on the road. Civil action is Mat's only recourse to make Warnie admit that what he did was wrong and face up to his social responsibility as a public figure.
The day after Warnie began his rants I noticed a distinct difference with many motorist's behaviour towards cyclists on the roads. I first noticed it when myself and a mate were out riding in the Dandenongs like we normally do on a Saturday morning, however this time we were constantly abused and had half a dozen near misses. I was ready to walk my bike home on the footpath. In seven years of riding in Melbourne I've only had a few of incidents like this. Over the past couple weeks countless other cyclists have described this same type of behaviour from Warnie's disciples.
I don't know Shane Warne but I do know that he hasn't learned to connect his brain to his fingers before sending out tweets to over 644,000 people. I had to laugh when I saw this twitter exchange between Warnie and a parody QantasPR account beginning with:
@QantasPR: “We've left @warne888 stranded in Perth. Melbourne cyclists, it's now safe to ride on the streets”
@warne888 proceeds to tear into Qantas…
Even though we all wish this cyclist vs car debate would go away, I wish Mat all the best in getting Shane Warne to face up to his actions and reiterate our rights on the road in the mainstream press. The last thing we need is one of Australia's role models setting this type of example. In the meantime I look forward to following Warnie's comical tweets about this and many other escapades.
On behalf of about 800,000 active users, the platform architect of the NetBeans Java development environment, Jaroslav Tulach, has called on the developers of the popular JUnit test tool to place their Java technology under a more contemporary open source licence. In his posting in the test tool's Yahoo group, Tulach writes that JUnit's current Common Public License (CPL) is "sort of archaic", and that he doesn't know of any other similarly popular project still using this licence. As an alternative, Tulach suggests using either the Eclipse Public Licence (EPL), which is largely compatible with the CPL, or offering JUnit under a dual licence (EPL, CPL).
The developer's request came after Oracle's legal team expressed concerns and apparently advised against a CPL-licensed JUnit being distributed with the NetBeans development environment, which is sponsored by Oracle. The EPL doesn't appear to create any conflicts. Tulach said that the next NetBeans release is currently on hold, and that the developers are prepared to remove JUnit if its licence isn't altered or expanded. "Silly, I know, JUnit is [a] necessary part of any serious Java development,". The developer added that there is not much he and his team can do, except attempt to get the JUnit developers to change their licence, which seems unlikely from reading the discussion in the newsgroup.
Initiated by the Eclipse Foundation in 2004, the EPL is, as the Eclipse Foundation's Mike Milinkovich pointed out, the successor to the CPL. The Eclipse Foundation retired the CPL in 2009 and since then projects such as Mondrian and olap4j have made the transition to EPL by simply re-licensing the code under the EPL; this step is possible because a clause in the CPL allows for re-licensing under successor licences.
Most importantly, the newer licence corrected, by removal, what was regarded as an overly restrictive clause in the licence. The EPL is accredited by the OSI and by the Free Software Foundation. It is considered a business-friendly licence and even allows the entire code to be distributed under a different open source licence or as proprietary software as long as the EPL code added complies to the EPL.
(crve)
Well, it seems that I am one of the few people who absolutely loves the fact that Hermione goes back to Hogwarts "on her own" to complete her education.a) because it's what she needs to do for herself, and just because she and Ron finally sorted their complications does not mean she's now connected to him at the hipb) I looooove the possibilities of Hermione at Hogwarts without her best friends. For 7 years, she's never been apart from them for more than a few weeks at a time, and now she's at their old school without them. Plus, Hogwarts is probably ripe with trauma now after the battle, and she'll be stared at a lot and.. character growth, oh my!Wish some talented fic author would finally write that fic...Aaanyways, this is Hermione, talking to her best friends/brother and boyfriend/bffs and missing them simultaneously.Oh, and don't nag about the mirror being Aberforth's now. For the sake of this drawing, let's say they got it back, 'kay?I hear fullview is the shit when one wants to read textboxes, btw!
My third day in Indianapolis dawned…. well, I'm sure that it did dawn, but unlike when I went to Origins, I am getting a lot more sleep here. Not sure if that means I'm doing this right, or doing it wrong, but I feel better. Anyway, I got up at around 8:30, which was nice, and walked over to the Convention Center.
The Morning
The morning was an eventful one for me. You see, I'm new to this whole “Hey, I write for a blog, might you be willing to give me something awesome to look at so I can tell people how awesome it is?” thing. For some reason, having a business card in hand helps me. I don't know if it lends me credibility, or if it just gives me the confidence to ask, but I stopped at a number of booths and have lined up a veritable slew of gaming goodness to review for you all, including some hardcover goodness from the folks at Paizio.
*Cue loud squeeing noises coming from a hotel lobby in Indianapolis (I know that, at GenCon, that doesn't really narrow the location down, but still).*
Seriously though, the vast majority of these game designers are just like you and me (aside from apparently being massively more creative). I've got some really great things to look at when I get home. There is stuff from folks who use Indie Press Revolution as their distributor, stuff from Rogue Games on the way and a very, very cool quasi-exclusive thing from Catalyst. I promise I'll tell you more about it when I post the audio from my interview with them.
Oh, and that's the other bit. I've been grabbing interviews when I can, including one with Jess from Geeky Clean. Her products seem to be working because I have not encountered any convention funk, so, bonus!
The Afternoon
My afternoon was a bit up-and-down. I had scheduled a Dresden Files game (well, I got an extra ticket from a friend), but when I got to the hotel, I was feeling nine different kinds of out-of-sorts. I debated with myself for a while (in public, no less), and, after talking to a nearby group who were waiting to see if they could get in to said game with generic tickets, I passed my ticket over and let one of them take my spot. As it turns out, that was a great idea. I don't think that this particular game was run by anyone from Evil Hat, so when I met up with my friend later to apologize for ditching the game, she immediately responded that “it was the best f–king decision you could have made.” I felt bad for her, having to play with a not-great group, using a system she turned out to not like, but it turned out to be a good decision for me for more than one reason.
I realized the reason I was feeling run down was because I hadn't taken my afternoon downtime like I did at Origins. I decided to rectify that by finding a bar, having a drink and some food and relaxing. Well, while I was walking towards said bar, I ran into my friend David. You remember David, right? He's the guy I met at Origins who steered me into so many great games. Yeah, he's here, too, and I randomly bumped into him. We chatted for a while, and then he took me to the bar to buy me a drink. It was the best drink I've ever had, and the pickle chips at The Ram were great, too.
While we were talking, he asks me if I would want to spend some time hanging out with Keith Baker. You know, the guy that won WotC's setting contest and got to publish a little thing called Eberron? Of course, I said yes. So, we met up with Keith, and I've got 40 minutes of him talking about Eberron, what he's got going on in the future, all kinds of good stuff. It was great.
The Evening
Following that, I met up with my friends from the Gamer's Haven, and All Games Considered for dinner and the ENnies. This was my first time attending the awards show (since it's my first GenCon, that only stands to reason). And we had a good time. I tweeted the results (mostly) live last night, and you can find a list of the winners here. As expected, Paizo took the prize in every category in which they were nominated. I do want to shout out to the guys at Posthuman Studios, who created Eclipse Phase, because they won 3 Silver Awards for that great book/setting. As well, Day After Ragnarok who won Best Setting and Mysteries of the Hollow Earth that won Best Supplement over WotC's Player's Handbook 3. Very cool.
On to Day 4
And now my fourth day begins. I've got more of the same goodness planned, and my eye is casting forth to this evening when I'll be attending the Media Meet and Greet and (hopefully) get some time in at the awesome Savage Saturday Night that Pinnacle runs. Catch you later!
[tags]rpg, rpgs, role playing games, GenCon, conventions[/tags]
Sales of AMD's new Ryzen processor for consumer PCs may be gaining more ground than many investors and market analysts have been predicting.
A big hardware reseller in Europe, Germany's Mindfactory, makes sales data public. Starting in March, the launch of the first AMD Ryzen processors, the shift from Intel INTC, +0.24% to AMD AMD, -2.02% at this retailer has been astonishing.
(Public data are compiled here.)
In March, Intel processors represented 72.4% of total unit sales. Ryzen launched on March 2, giving AMD a full month of ramp time. The company was able to capture 27.6% of the market. AMD sales rose every month since then, hitting 48.7% in July and 56.1% in August, overtaking Intel for the first time in nearly a decade.
(Public data are compiled here.)
This also marks the first time in just as long that AMD processor revenue has exceeded that of Intel at this retailer. With a 54% share advantage, the Ryzen brand is clearly making money for the company's CPU division and putting a smile on the face of its investors.
See: AMD is making a big bet on the commercial PC market
Aug. 10 saw the release of the Ryzen Threadripper processor, a high-priced and high-margin part that competes against the flagship consumer-product line from Intel. These AMD processors account for a large portion of this retailer's revenue, considering unit sales volume and the timing of the release. Intel also launched new high-performance desktop processors last quarter, but the pent-up excitement and interest in Threadripper appears to dwarf the flagship Intel options.
Diving into the breakdown of the sales data shows that AMD has a diverse processor lineup that has many popular options. The highest-selling unit is $220. This is a much higher ASP (average selling price) than AMD could claim before Ryzen's release (because of performance deficiencies) and should lead to better margins as the sales extend into the second half of the year.
This data, of course, are sourced from only a single hardware vendor in Germany, but sales reports from North American stores like Newegg and Amazon AMZN, +0.21% are showing a similar, if not as dramatic, trend. All indications tell us that Threadripper is selling better than the Core i9 family in North America, giving AMD the edge in the high-margin segment.
Consumer Ryzen processors haven't exceeded the sales of the Core i7 and Core i5 product family, but they are catching up. The only question is if Intel's upcoming Coffee Lake processor refresh, which brings higher core counts and better performance for enthusiasts, can counter the momentum that AMD has been building since March.
Market share is difficult to measure with fewer vendors sharing data, but all external indicators tell us that the Ryzen processor family is pushing toward a better third quarter than many have been expecting.
Ryan Shrout is the founder and lead analyst at Shrout Research, and the owner of PC Perspective. Follow him on Twitter @ryanshrout.
Read next: Nvidia and AMD are deluged with orders for PC graphics cards
Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Tech Daily newsletter. Sign up here.
Leave some for the rest of us!
Hey, you can only buy 15 of these.
But Why Isn't He Spear Fishing?
1st place in Derby #177: I Love The Arctic , with 865 votes!
You know the old saying? “Give a man a fish,” it goes, “and he'll eat for a day.”
“But give a polar bear a narwhal, some 12 pound test line, a hook and a bucket, and he'll harvest way more than his daily fish intake, creating a fish surplus, which may give him the leisure time he needs to pursue cultural interests not directly related to survival, like polar bear art and polar bear literature, or else put him in a position to sell his surplus fish on the open market, and use the profits to raise his standard of living.”
Yeah, our old man used to give us that line all the time. It was definitely one of his weirdest sayings.
Wear this shirt: to look cool. Get it? See, because “cool” has both a literal meaning, having to do with low temperature, and a slang one, having to do with being straight-up dope.
Don't wear this shirt: ice fishing, unless you're into hypothermia. Wilderness search and rescue specialists call cotton “death cloth”—or, more colorfully, “thermal-dynamic nudity” (William Forgey, Wilderness Medical Society President, in OUTSIDE magazine).
This shirt tells the world: “Ask me about my mercury levels.”
We call this color: One Fish, Two Fish, Royal Blue Fish
Back to top
CNN chief international correspondent Christiane Amanpour has been selected to be Charlie Rose Charles Peete RoseSusan Zirinsky to replace David Rhodes as first female head of CBS News Judge rules Harvey Weinstein sexual assault case can move forward CBS reaches settlement with three Charlie Rose sexual harassment accusers MORE's interim replacement on PBS, the network announced Monday.
The new 30-minute program begins on Monday night on PBS's New York channel, WNET, and will air on all PBS stations starting Dec. 11 at 11 p.m.
“Christiane Amanpour is a fearless and uncompromising journalist,” said Neal Shapiro, president and CEO of WNET. “We are pleased to welcome her to the PBS system and are gratified to offer this thorough and responsible news program to viewers nationwide.”
ADVERTISEMENT
The network also plans on adding a second public affairs show to round out the hour, though it has not selected a host.
"Charlie Rose" had aired on PBS since 1991.
PBS and CBS News both fired Rose last month after multiple allegations of sexual harassment came to light.
"In light of yesterday's revelations, PBS has terminated its relationship with Charlie Rose and canceled distribution of his programs. PBS expects all the producers we work with to provide a workplace where people feel safe and are treated with dignity and respect," PBS said in a statement at the time.
The firings came after eight women accused Rose of sexual misconduct in a report published by The Washington Post on Nov. 20.
These days, Dr. Juliana Hansen is something of a superstar in both the transgender and plastic surgery communities.
But until a few years ago, the Oregon Health & Science University doctor didn't perform gender reassignment surgeries. Hansen, the division chief of plastic and reconstructive surgery at OHSU, specialized in operating on breast cancer patients.
Her career began shifting in 2011 when a transgender man and his mother came from Central Oregon to ask for help. The patient, who had been designated female at birth, wanted Hansen to remove his breasts.
Hansen didn't hesitate. Though she had not performed what's called "top surgery" for a transgender patient, she had the plastic surgery skills.
Top surgery involves removing a patient's breasts, but the procedure is more than a typical a mastectomy, Hansen said. Transgender patients don't want a completely flat chest.
Instead she performs something close to what's called gynecomastia -- an operation for men who have too much breast tissue -- removing most of the breast tissue, but leaving some to give her patients a masculine-looking chest.
The patient loved the look Hansen created for him, and soon word spread of Hansen's work.
She performed five top surgeries in 2013. The next year, she did 16. Last year, she operated on 51 patients. This year, she expects to do more than 80.
Last year, Hansen spoke on the first transgender surgery panel at the annual, premier plastic surgery conference in Boston.
Patients chronicle their visits, with photographs and glowing reviews, on Reddit and transgender forums.
"More than anything else, for my transmale patients, their breasts represent femaleness," Hansen said. "They hate them. Hate them. Hate them. Top surgery allows them to move on and focus on other aspects of their life."
Five years after that first surgery, Hansen's first transgender patient came back to visit her. His life had only become happier after Hansen helped shape his body to match his identity.
This time, he brought his fiance. He wanted her to meet the surgeon who made his free, happy life possible. They even invited Hansen to the wedding.
"Getting to see my patients participate in life events that reflect their happiness and confidence is extremely rewarding," Hansen said. "As a surgeon who has helped in that journey, you couldn't ask for anything more."
-- Casey Parks
503-221-8271
cparks@oregonian.com; @caseyparks

Immigration
 In Progress: Fully fund the construction of a wall on our border with Mexico, with the “full understanding that the country of Mexico will be reimbursing the United States for the full cost of such wall”.  Source: Donald Trump's Contract with the American Voter  Update (1/25): On a visit to the Department of Homeland Security, President Trump signed an executive order on border security and immigration calling for the “immediate construction of a physical wall on the southern border” and detailing specific steps to be taken by the Department of Homeland Security towards that end. The text of the order notes that it “shall be implemented consistent with applicable law and subject to the availability of appropriations.” Update (1/25) On a visit to the Department of Homeland Security, President Trump signed an On a visit to the Department of Homeland Security, President Trump signed an executive order on border security and immigration calling for the “immediate construction of a physical wall on the southern border” and detailing specific steps to be taken by the Department of Homeland Security towards that end. The text of the order notes that it “shall be implemented consistent with applicable law and subject to the availability of appropriations.”
 In Progress: Begin removing “the more than two million criminal illegal immigrants” and cancel visas to countries who won't take them back.  Source: Donald Trump's Contract with the American Voter  Update (1/25): In his executive order on "Border Security and Immigration Enforcement Improvements,” President Trump directed the Department of Homeland Security to expedite the process of deporting individuals who have violated State or Federal law and pledged that the executive branch would “cooperate fully with States and local law enforcement in enacting Federal-State partnerships to enforce Federal immigration priorities.” The order further required Immigration and Customs Enforcement to “ensure that aliens…are returned to the territory from which they came pending a formal removal proceeding” and included instructions intended to provide state and local law enforcement more authority to enforce existing immigration law. Update (1/25) In his executive order on "Border Security and Immigration Enforcement Improvements,” President Trump directed the Department of Homeland Security to expedite the process of deporting individuals who have violated State or Federal law and pledged that the executive branch would “cooperate fully with States and local law enforcement in enacting Federal-State partnerships to enforce Federal immigration priorities.” The order further required Immigration and Customs Enforcement to “ensure that aliens…are returned to the territory from which they came pending a formal removal proceeding” and included instructions intended to provide state and local law enforcement more authority to enforce existing immigration law.
 In Progress: Suspend immigration from “terror-prone regions where vetting cannot safely occur”.  Source: Donald Trump's Contract with the American Voter  Update (2/10): In a unanimous opinion, a three judge panel of the US Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit denied the Trump administration's request to reinstate enforcement of the President's travel order. The temporary restraining order issued by Judge James Robart will therefore remain in effect pending the issuance of a preliminary injunction or further appeals by the Trump administration. Update (2/10) In a unanimous In a unanimous opinion , a three judge panel of the US Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit denied the Trump administration's request to reinstate enforcement of the President's travel order. The temporary restraining order issued by Judge James Robart will therefore remain in effect pending the issuance of a preliminary injunction or further appeals by the Trump administration.
Update (1/29) Late in the evening on January 28, Judge Ann Donnelly of the United States District Court, Eastern District of New York granted an Late in the evening on January 28, Judge Ann Donnelly of the United States District Court, Eastern District of New York granted an Emergency Motion for Stay of Removal related to which foreign nationals will be allowed to enter the United States. This action sets up a judicial review over provisions contained in the executive order titled “Protecting the Nation from Foreign Terrorist Entry into the United States.”
Update (1/27) President Trump signed an executive order ( President Trump signed an executive order ( Sec. 3(c) ) immediately suspending “entry into the United States, as immigrants and non-immigrants” for citizens of several Middle Eastern and North African countries. The order further stated that the U.S. Refugee Admissions Program is to be suspended for 120 days ( Sec. 5(a) ), and that upon resumption the Secretary of State and Secretary of Homeland Security are to “prioritize refugee claims made by individuals on the basis of religious-based persecution, provided that the religion of the individual is a minority religion in the individual's country of nationality” ( Sec. 5(b) ) The order also reduces the number of permitted refugees in fiscal year 2017 to 50,000 individuals, suspends the entry of Syrian nationals indefinitely subject to the determination of the President, and institutes a number of other measures directed at immigration and the travel of foreign nationals.
 In Progress: All vetting of people coming into the US will be considered “extreme vetting”.  Source: Donald Trump's Contract with the American Voter  Update (1/27): Sec. 4 of the executive order titled "Protecting the Nation From Foreign Terrorist Entry Into the United States" describes a program to be implemented by the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Director of National Intelligence, and the Director of the FBI. The outline of this program includes specific steps increasing the scrutiny applied to any foreign nationals seeking to enter the United States. The order gives those departments 60 days to submit an initial report on the progress of this program. Update (1/27) of the executive order titled "Protecting the Nation From Foreign Terrorist Entry Into the United States" describes a program to be implemented by the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Director of National Intelligence, and the Director of the FBI. The outline of this program includes specific steps increasing the scrutiny applied to any foreign nationals seeking to enter the United States. The order gives those departments 60 days to submit an initial report on the progress of this program. Sec. 4 of the executive order titled "Protecting the Nation From Foreign Terrorist Entry Into the United States" describes a program to be implemented by the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Director of National Intelligence, and the Director of the FBI. The outline of this program includes specific steps increasing the scrutiny applied to any foreign nationals seeking to enter the United States. The order gives those departments 60 days to submit an initial report on the progress of this program.
 In Progress: Cancel all federal funding to sanctuary cities.  Source: Donald Trump's Contract with the American Voter  Update (1/25): On a visit to the Department of Homeland Security, President Trump signed an executive order (Sec. 9) declaring sanctuary jurisdictions ineligible for Federal grants. As defined by this order, a sanctuary jurisdiction is any jurisdiction that does not comply with 8 U.S.C. 1373, which prohibits government entities from withholding information about an individual's legal status from Federal immigration enforcement authorities. The order gives the Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security the authority to designate sanctuary jurisdictions and instructs the Attorney General to take “appropriate enforcement action.” It tasks the Director of the Office of Budget and Management with identifying Federal grant money eligible to be withheld and requires the Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security to document and publish a weekly list of “criminal actions committed by aliens” in non-compliant jurisdictions. Update (1/25) On a visit to the Department of Homeland Security, President Trump signed an executive order ( On a visit to the Department of Homeland Security, President Trump signed an executive order ( Sec. 9 ) declaring sanctuary jurisdictions ineligible for Federal grants. As defined by this order, a sanctuary jurisdiction is any jurisdiction that does not comply with 8 U.S.C. 1373 , which prohibits government entities from withholding information about an individual's legal status from Federal immigration enforcement authorities. The order gives the Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security the authority to designate sanctuary jurisdictions and instructs the Attorney General to take “appropriate enforcement action.” It tasks the Director of the Office of Budget and Management with identifying Federal grant money eligible to be withheld and requires the Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security to document and publish a weekly list of “criminal actions committed by aliens” in non-compliant jurisdictions.
While the hyperinflationary episode technically peaked in Zimbabwe in 2008, its national fiat currency has finally reached its painful end. At the current rate, one US dollar will buy you 35 quadrillion Zimbabwean dollars - toilet paper is worth more.
Zimbabwe was the first country in the 21st century to suffer hyperinflation, and it has never escaped. Bad governance, led by strongman dictator Robert Mugabe, and almost no economic activity and production doomed the country to one of the worst economies on planet earth.
What Does This Look Like?
According to the Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe Governor John Mangudya, any customers who held Zimbabwean dollars in a bank account before March 2009 can “convert” them into U.S. dollars. This process will run until September, when those dollars expire and officially end the currency.
“Bank accounts with balances of up to 175 quadrillion Zimbabwean dollars will be paid US$5. Those with balances above 175 quadrillion dollars will be paid at an exchange rate of $1 to 35 quadrillion Zimbabwean dollars. The highest — and last — banknote to be printed by the RBZ in 2008 was 100 trillion Zimbabwean dollars. It was not enough to ride a public bus to work for a week.”
While the death of Zimbabwe's currency has been caused by many problems, paper currencies are under attack in favor of electronic money for various reasons.
History of Zimbabwean Hyperinflation
From March 2007 to November 2008, the daily inflation rate in Zimbabwe was 98% and prices for goods and services were doubling every 24 hours. Economic output, which is one the causes of hyperinflation, declined dramatically after socialist dictator Mugabe initiated land reforms that expropriated a majority of farm land from white farmers and redistributed it to the majority of the population. This in fact led to a collapse in output of over 50%. A war with the Congo was also extraordinarily costly and led to ballooning of government debt.
This led to paper money being printed, as mentioned. The Central Bank was constantly creating new money with larger dollar amounts on the bills, as prices rose. According to the Cato Institute, the highest monthly inflation reached 79,600,000,000%.
To get a better perspective on this, below is a timeline of currency denominations and inflation in Zimbabwe. This is what happens when there is rampant corruption and irresponsible fiscal policy, combined with a loss of monetary policy control by the central bank.
There is an opportunity for Zimbabwe to get creative and form a new currency to fill the vacuum of a dead currency that could prevent it from suffering another episode like this again. While it looks like the US dollar will be one form of currency accepted, the Zimbabwean Central Bank should consider thinking outside the box.
Perhaps it will go the way of Ecuador and form its own digital currency, or perhaps look at a way to incorporate a blockchain-based currency of some kind. Fintech Daily imagines a future with a pan-African currency called Africoin, union-backed by bitcoin instead of the USD. While this still a long shot, Zimbabwe may become the first African country to get really creative with its new form of currency due to sheer necessity.
RP: I'm doing well! So, in this series, Creator Spotlight, we are taking a look at people who are making in the Southeast United States for the geek community, or the community at large. You have been working really hard on Nerd Rummage Sale 3.0. So, to kick us off, tell us a little bit about this event. What is it? When is it? Where is it? Run us through that.
HM: Sure! The Nerd Rummage Sale 3.0, it's 3.0 because there have already been 2 of them, it is a rummage sale. I don't think you could have guessed that one, but this one has a special bend, with Huntsville being a big city for technology and space, we have lots of nerdy people, myself included, and many of my friends. So, we came together to sell some of our nerdier things that were lying around in our closets that might get passed over if we just had individual yard sales. We had our first one about 2 years ago, getting ready for DragonCon in Atlanta, which is a very fun event, for anyone who hasn't heard of it. But, they do have a giant dealers' room, full of all sorts of nerdy things that people might want to buy, and then sell later at the rummage sale. So we wanted some more money for DragonCon, me and my friends. We put together this event, and reached out to a local club or community organization called Makers Local 256. They are a hackerspace. A lot of our friends are involved in that. I'm big into hackerspaces, I'm a member of Hack Pittsburgh, in Pittsburgh, PA, and Makers' Local said “Sure! you can have it in our lawn.” and the first one went great! We raised a lot of money, went to DragonCon, had fun, and cleaned out our closets a bit!
RP: So, the first year was to raise money for DragonCon and that trip, right?
HM: Yeah, and then it caught on and then we kept doing it!
RP: Awesome! So, you said instead of doing just a personal sale, you wanted to combine and join forces with a couple of friends and do an event, rather than just doing a yard sale or something like that. What was your thinking behind that? Why did you choose to go with a full event, instead of just a personal yard sale?
HM: Well, there was one really specific reason: I didn't have a yard [laughs]. Some of my friends did. We've all, in the past year, kind of started to experience homeownership at that weird point in our lives. So, now we have yards, and garages, but back then, we were apartment dwelling, and I don't think the apartment complex would have loved loved a giant yard sale, and not that many people would have found us. But, getting together, and having a particularly nerdy place to hold it, was kind of the magic there, and it all kind of came together.
RP: Part venue, part event, kind of came together into this “Nerd Rummage Sale”...
HM: Yeah, and it really cemented the nerdy part of it, which, I keep saying the word “nerd” lately, there's also “geeks”, there's also “pencil neck geeks”, I don't know [laughs].
Profesii
Clujul are angajaţi mai politicoşi, un sistem de mijloace de transport mai bine pus la punct faţă de Bucureşti, o ofertă educaţională variată şi universităţi mai „tehnologizate” – acestea sunt motivele pentru care o parte dintre absolvenţii de liceu din Capitală au ales să îşi continue studiile la o facultate din Cluj.
Ioana Gheorghiu, Radu-An­drei David şi Ştefana Rarău, trei tineri de 18 ani care au absolvit cursurile li­ce­ale în Bucureşti, au ales să-şi continue stu­­diile universitate în Cluj, o opţiune care poate părea bizară la prima ve­dere, luând în calcul faptul că, de obi­cei, ti­nerii migrează din oraşele mai mici spre oraşele mai mari şi nu invers. Ce i-a de­terminat să se mute din Capitală la Cluj?
Ioana Gheorghiu, proaspătă absol­ventă a Colegiului Naţional Bilingv George Coşbuc din Bucureşti, a fost admisă atât la facultatea de ma­tematică şi informatică din Bucureşti, cât şi la cea din Cluj, iar în prezent este studentă la secţia de informatică cu predare în limba engleză din cadrul Universităţii Babeş-Bolyai din Cluj.
Jupiter is a spotty place. There's the aptly-named Great Red Spot â€“ a large, long-lasting storm â€“ that we all know and love, and new storms crop up every so often to create interesting features for astronomers both professional and amateur to study. The most recent discovery of new spots can only be seen in the UV, but they add a whole new level of complexity for scientists to chew on.
Io, one of Jupiter's many moons, is volcanically active, and eruptions on the moon spew sulfur into the system. This sulfur is then ionized and swept up by Jupiter's strong magnetosphere. Interactions between the ions and the magnetosphere cause aurora in the UV spectrum, similar to the phenomenon that makes the Northern Lights shine here on Earth. Io leaves a so-called ‘footprint' on Jupiter in this way, and creates a glowing spiral shape on the northern and southern poles of the planet.
The rotation of Jupiter causes the spiral shape of the aurora: Io is ‘connected' in one spot, and as Jupiter rotates it draws a glowing swirl of UV light around the pole. Astronomers had previously seen spots ‘downstream' from the main spot caused by the interaction with Io, but these new images show a faint leading spot in front of the main one, essentially “upstream” in the flow of particles that causes the phenomenon.
A team from the University of LiÃ¨ge in Belgium discovered the spots in ultraviolet Hubble images taken of Jupiter. They found that when there were faint leading spots in one of the hemispheres, there were multiple spots in the other. The researchers propose that a beam of electrons is being transferred from one hemisphere to another, causing the fainter spots. The results of the study were published in the most recent edition of Geophysical Research Letters.
The image below illustrates the different mechanisms creating the auroral spots. The large torus around Jupiter is the plume of sulfur created by Io. The blue line between Io and Jupiter is where it is connected by the ionized sulfur, drawn in and funneled by Jupiter's magnetosphere. The red lines illustrate the possible electron beams connecting the poles, which create the newly-discovered spots.
When Hubble is repaired in August, the researchers hope to take a closer look at the phenomenon and better understand this complex interaction.
Source: Eurekalert
In Ohio, which is so critical to Donald Trump's electoral fortunes, it is Hillary Clinton who has extended her lead and is now up six points, 46 percent to 40 percent; she was up four points in July. Clinton has made gains among women, and remains bolstered by a nearly-unified Democratic base. She wins 90 percent of Democrats, while Trump remains hampered by just enough reluctant Republicans: He's at 79 percent of GOPers.
In Iowa, the two are even, each with 40 percent support. This is the only state in recent polling that doesn't show Clinton with an outright lead. In some ways, the tie there just spotlights Trump's difficulty breaking out beyond his base, more generally. Iowa has many older voters and Trump does well with them.
In Iowa, as in Ohio, older voters say that American life is changing for the worse. However Trump is struggling with younger voters, the youngest of whom are the most likely to disagree with that assessment. Trump continues to do his best with white voters, but he struggles with African American voters in Ohio -- as in other states -- and in what has amounted to trouble for him in other states like Arizona and Florida, he does poorly with Hispanic voters.
The poll asked people what it would take to get them to reconsider Trump, if they aren't currently voting for him. While there aren't a lot of people who said that anything could make them rethink the contest – fewer than one in five – there are enough people that Trump could potentially make some inroads. Their top answer is that Trump convinces them he is “prepared to be commander-in-chief.” This may not be a surprise, given that this metric is the one that has cost Trump the most in recent polling across many states. (In this survey of Ohio, just 35 percent feel he is prepared.) And 17 percent of those not with him might reconsider if he “apologizes to people he has offended” – though that sets up a balancing act for him because other recent polls have suggested his current supporters would not see any such needs.
It's not all good news for Clinton, despite her lead. She is not widely seen in Ohio as “looking out for people like you” (fewer than half, 44 percent, think so), which also connects to voters' doubts about her truthfulness, and to the fact that many voters feel she is too connected to the influence of foreign donors. People who think she is too connected are the most skeptical about her truthfulness and do not think she will look out for them.
Also hampering Trump right now is that he is being viewed as a “risky choice;” that is especially the case among women. In Ohio, 73 percent of women describe him as such, and 70 percent of voters overall.
Putting Ohio and Iowa in the context of the larger electoral map, Ohio becomes yet another sizable lead that Clinton has taken in a key state as the campaign heads toward fall. The general election campaign started off with at least eleven states considered battlegrounds, which we thought could be closely contested. It is only August, but that looks much less the case, at least as of now. Recently, Clinton has also developed meaningful or even sizable leads in key places like Virginia, Florida, and New Hampshire, as well as many states across the rust belt where Trump had initially hoped to make inroads. So, the fall will see Trump looking to come back in a number of states. He won't be able to cherry-pick just one or two to get over the 270 electoral votes he needs to win the presidency.
Although some Republican leaders have voiced concern that if Trump continues to trail in the presidential race, it might hurt their senate candidates on the ballot too, there no such effect right now in either Ohio or Iowa. Republican Rob Portman, running for re-election to the Senate in Ohio, is running seven points ahead of his Democratic opponent Ted Strickland, even as Trump is trailing Clinton by six. Voters in Ohio overwhelming call Portman a “different” kind of Republican from Trump. And Chuck Grassley, a longtime incumbent, is up in Iowa as well.
Methodology can be found here:
Review by JoshB
If you know me, you know that I'm not the biggest fan of "designer" toys. I don't care for the exclusivity or pretense that surrounds about eighty percent of that "scene". But the other 20 percent consists of some really down to earth, honest-to-god legitimate cool toymakers.
Many of these guys stem from or are inspired by Matt Doughty and his company, Onell Design. Matt is the great enabler who has this ability to help foster people who want to start their own lines. He simultaneously infects them with with a positive attitude and a culture of inclusion that really resonates with me.
The first time I heard of October Toys was through Matt. He was helping these guys make some army men style zombie figures which I thought were pretty cool. It was this association that caused October Toys to start a forum to help fans of not only their lines but also Glyos and associated toymakers, big and small.
The OMFG (Outlandish Mini Figure Guys) are a tribute to the old M.U.S.C.L.E. figures from the 80s. M.U.S.C.L.E. were little rubber wrestling guys that were imported from Japan where they began their life as Kinnikuman. Their spin was to take different artists to design original figures in the spirit of those original M.U.S.C.L.E. figures.
I came across Series 1 at Newbury Comics. I was out at lunch from work and I was surprised to see this thing at retail. Initially, I only bought it just to support these independent toymakers, but as they became my desk pets I really got to enjoy them. I'd pick one up while on a conference call, exploring the tactile sensations while talking to a group of strangers in another time zone. I won't lie, on occasion the ended up in my mouth. I have no explanation.
So I became a fan of the OMFG line. I never got around to reviewing series 1 or 2 because they lived at my desk at work. But Series 3, which was funded over Kickstarter, would ship to my house and I no longer worked at that office, so now I finally had a chance to do a proper review of the line.
Behold, OMFG Series 3.
The regular set contains 5 figures:
Pugnacious designed by Bill MacKay and sculpted by George Gaspar Barbarianaut designed and sculpted by Charles Marsh Dr. Decay designed by Jonathan Wojcik and sculpted by George Gaspar Fruit Punch designed by Scott Tolleson and sculpted by George Gaspar TenCan concept by Richard Brown, designed by Nikolos Sardos, and sculpted by Bryan Fulk
A sixth figure, Zombie Pheyden (designed by L'amour Supreme sculpted by George Gaspar) was offered as a Kickstarter exclusive.
The figures are sold on a nice blister card that would not have been out of place on the pegs of Toys R Us in the 80s. These look like professional, mass-market retail packaging. The back has illustrations of al the characters.
Pugnacious
designed by Bill MacKay and sculpted by George Gaspar
Pugnacious is the most like the traditional M.U.S.C.L.E. figure in both pose and design. It's essentially a barbarian with a pug head and extremely well sculpted nipples.
Barbarianaut
designed and sculpted by Charles Marsh (aka Monsterforge)
This one takes the barbarian theme and now makes it an astronaut. It works. It looks like it would be at home in the Masters of the Universe line.
Fruit Punch
designed by Scott Tolleson and sculpted by George Gaspar
Essentially a pun in toy form, Fruit Punch is a Juice Box that has boxing gloves. It's the smallest figure in the set, and it looks like a Garbage Pail Kid come to life.
TenCan
concept by Richard Brown, designed by Nikolos Sardos, and sculpted by Bryan Fulk
Another play on words, this is a tentacled monster breaking out of a trash can. This one is a cool design but really hard to stand up due to the peg leg.
Dr. Decay
designed by Jonathan Wojcik and sculpted by George Gaspar
Dr. Decay is a rather cool and gruesome warrior. He's a mix of rotted skeleton and fungus, with what looks like a mushroom cap for a head.
Zombie Pheyden
designed by L'amour Supreme sculpted by George Gaspar
This design is near and dear to me as it is similar to an illustration I did to promote the Wraith Pheyden I did years ago. There is a common belief that underneath Pheyden's armored shell is a flesh body, with a skeletal structure not unlike our own. L'amour Supreme has created a highly detailed design that shows Pheyden in a half rotting state.
It's when you amass all three series together do you see the one major flaw of series 3. While they are all molded in a flesh color, Series 3 uses a darker, pinker color than the earlier sets. Thus, series 3 stands out when displayed with the others.
Despite the color difference, nothing beats an army of these displayed together.
With my Kickstarter donation, I qualified for an additional set of OMFG figures cast in black. October Toys would go on and mold this set in numerous additional colors (gotta make the most of those molds you know), but for me flesh is the only way to go.
Since OMFG was first released, there has become a small trend of making little rubber guys with acronyms for names. I can understand why - they are affordable to make and the public seems to have an endless appetite for them. But I think I will just stick to this one line, in hopes that it will continue for a good while to come.
View the full image album
The Habit Of Asking Questions
Sakichi Toyoda accomplished much as an inventor, and was well respected for being one of the pioneers in Japan's first industrial revolution. Yet, his chief contribution to Toyota's longevity wasn't anything physical, but rather one of his philosophies.
Toyoda had a habit of asking questions. Like any inventor worth his salt, he would be inquisitive about every process. He wouldn't stop until he came to an answer that was satisfactory.
That transferred over to the processes used at Toyota manufacturing plants. “Observe the production floor without preconceptions,” Toyoda would advise. “Ask ‘why' five times about every matter.”
It's not immediately clear how this method can be applied, but let's take a look at what he meant. Taiichi Ohno, one of Toyota's former top executives cites the example of how the 5 whys can solve the problem of a malfunctioning welding robot:
1. Why did the robot stop? The circuit has overloaded, causing a fuse to blow. 2. Why is the circuit overloaded? There was insufficient lubrication on the bearings, so they locked up. 3. Why was there insufficient lubrication on the bearings? The oil pump on the robot is not circulating sufficient oil. 4. Why is the pump not circulating sufficient oil? The pump intake is clogged with metal shavings. 5. Why is the intake clogged with metal shavings? Because there is no filter on the pump.
What was once an observation has become a problem that is actionable. A robot that has stopped working can now be made to work again by adding a filter on the pump.
Proximate And Root Causes
The Toyota Method helps us to look beyond the superficial. It helps us dive deep into the root causes, instead of examining the proximate causes. Doing so allows cause and effect to be established. From this point, solutions can be devised to solve a specific problem and prevent its recurrence.
That said, it's not always easy to employ this method of questioning. We can never be sure whether you have arrived at a root or proximate cause. How deep should we dig?
Nobody can tell for sure, but there are good benchmarks. The most apparent marker is when one has identified an imperfect process or poor behaviour. This tends to repeat itself, and can yield great rewards if they are identified and corrected early. Left alone, undesirable processes and behaviours snowball over time and can become burdensome in everyday life.
But more importantly, we must be willing to suppress our tendencies to jump at conclusions. While rapid fight-or-flight responses served us well in the past, they cause us to make bad decisions.
The Toyota Method may not be sufficient for dealing with complicated problems, but the inherent beauty is its simplicity. Anyone can apply the method daily and build a habit of looking beyond proximate causes.
Question Everything
Sakichi Toyoda didn't come up with the Toyota Method to solve a corporate problem. Instead, it came naturally from his inquisitive mind.
Curiosity comes naturally to children because they are in awe and wonderment at what goes on around them. They ask an endless amount of questions, often to the dismay of their shorthanded parents.
We must rekindle that same curiosity that lay within us as children and go about satisfying that curiosity in an orderly manner. It doesn't matter that we don't get the answers we seek. The sheer act of questioning makes all the difference.
Plans to build three new factories to make thousands of giant offshore wind turbines that would create an estimated 60,000 jobs are set to become the latest casualty of the spending review, it has emerged.
The previous government had pledged £60m to upgrade ports, mainly in the north-east, to enable them to handle the next generation of giant turbines for installation off the UK coast.
Siemens and General Electric have announced plans to invest £180m in two new manufacturing facilities in the UK, but say this is conditional on the necessary work on nearby ports. Mitsubishi is also interested in building a third factory.
But the Guardian has learned that the competition inviting ports to bid for the funds is likely to be scrapped. Officials at the Department of Energy and Climate Change (DECC), which is to provide half the £60m required, are still fighting for the funds. However, they have little support from the Department for Business, which would have to find the other half, or from the Treasury.
The energy secretary, Chris Huhne, is understood to be determined to set up a Green Investment Bank, which will have to take public funds for existing renewable and low-carbon schemes, such as the ports, to have sufficient capital.
The Guardian has also learned that the nuclear industry has successfully lobbied the government to safeguard the huge budget to decommission the UK's old reactors, handled by the Nuclear Decommissioning Authority. This year, about 60% of the NDA's budget – £1.7bn – came from taxpayers via the DECC, making up about 40% of the ministry's entire spending.
In opposition, the Conservatives had wanted to cut about 25% of DECC's funding to the NDA. But after the election, industry executives outlined to ministers the urgency of the clean-up of Britain's nuclear sites, particularly Sellafield in Cumbria. One source said: "We succeeded in scaring David Cameron off." The NDA, which is cutting its own operating budget, could even secure a slightly higher funding settlement than this year.
MPs will debate the ports programme in the House of Commons on Tuesday, with the trade body RenewableUK warning that 60,000 jobs are at stake. No final decision has been made either on the £60m ports plan or the NDA's budget, with the funding settlement for DECC only expected to be formally agreed just before the Treasury's publication of the spending review on 20 October. It is thought that the most that would be available would be funds to upgrade one port.
But the scrapping of the ports competition will sit uneasily with Cameron's declaration that this "would be the greenest government ever". It will also raise questions about the government's commitment to help the economy grow out of recession, in particular by boosting hi-tech exporters. It has already axed an £80m government loan to the engineering firm Sheffield Forgemasters.
The new turbine factories would be used in the giant "round three" windfarm projects equivalent to more than a quarter of the total generating capacity currently in the UK. But energy companies privately think that such large windfarms so far out to sea are not yet realistic and officials believe it does not make sense to commit £60m of public funds now to new factories to supply them.
DECC is considering how to overhaul the UK energy market to make the billions of investment in such windfarms economic. Once a new long-term subsidy regime is in place – funded by household bills – and energy companies are prepared to invest, the plans to build the factories could be resurrected, possibly with some support from the Green Investment Bank. But this could take years.
A spokesman for RenewableUK said: "Keeping the ports fund is essential for attracting manufacturing ahead of the latest round of offshore wind developments. The sector could lead the recovery, and put the country in pole position in terms of technology, employment and cash benefits from renewable energy."
Overall, DECC is expected to escape relatively lightly from the spending review. Funds for the £9bn clean-coal programme, which had been under threat, are understood to be had been secured, although the pilot projects may be delayed. But the solar feed-in tariff and the renewable heat incentive, subsidising biomass plants and CHP boilers, are likely to be scaled back.
A DECC spokesman said: "Funding for offshore wind ports infrastructure – as with other public spending – is being reviewed in the context of the spending review."
Ladar Levison, the tech executive who closed his secure email service last month, says the Obama administration has created a surveillance state on a scale that has not been seen since the communist witch hunts of the 1950s.
Levison, founder of Lavabit, is caught in a legal and political battle among the White House, the National Security Agency, fugitive whistle-blower Edward Snowden and the international public targeted by the U.S. government's spying activities.
“We are entering a time of state-sponsored intrusion into our privacy that we haven't seen since the McCarthy era. And it's on a much broader scale,” Levison told The Guardian. His shuttered email service is at the center of a potentially historic legal battle that could determine the reach of privacy rights in the digital age.
Upon closing his service earlier this month, the 32-year-old posted a message saying that staying in business would make him “complicit in crimes against the American people.” Levison is not allowed to talk about the order the government has given him, nor is he permitted to say exactly what he can't talk about without risking charges of contempt of court.
Truthdig's editors recently recognized Levison as their Truthdigger of the Week.
— Posted by Alexander Reed Kelly.
Anyone who has argued with an opinionated relative or friend about immigration or gun control knows it is often impossible to sway someone with strong views.
That's in part because our brains work hard to ensure the integrity of our worldview: We seek out information to confirm what we already know, and are dismissive or avoidant of facts that are hostile to our core beliefs.
But it's not impossible to make your argument stick. And there's been some good scientific work on this. Here are two strategies that, based on the evidence, seem promising.
1) If the argument you find convincing doesn't resonate with someone else, find out what does
The answer to polarization and political division is not simply exposing people to another point of view.
Recently, researchers at Duke, NYU, and Princeton ran an experiment where they paid a large sample of Democratic and Republican Twitter users to read more opinions from the other side. “We found no evidence that inter-group contact on social media reduces political polarization,” the authors wrote. Republicans in the experiment actually grew more conservative over the course of the test. Liberals in the experiment grew very slightly more liberal.
Whenever we engage in political debates, we all tend to overrate the power of arguments we find personally convincing — and wrongly think the other side will be swayed.
On gun control, for instance, liberals are persuaded by stats like, "No other developed country in the world has nearly the same rate of gun violence as does America." And they think other people will find this compelling, too.
Conservatives, meanwhile, often go to this formulation: "The only way to stop a bad guy with a gun is a good guy with a gun."
What both sides fail to understand is that they're arguing a point that their opponents have not only already dismissed but may be inherently deaf to.
"The messages that are intuitive to people are, for the most part, not the effective ones," Robb Willer, a professor of sociology and psychology at Stanford University, told me in 2015.
Willer has shown it's at least possible to nudge our political opponents to consider ideas they'd normally reject outright. In 2015, in a series of six studies, he and co-author Matthew Feinberg found that when conservative policies are framed around liberal values like equality or fairness, liberals become more accepting of them. The same was true of liberal policies recast in terms of conservative values like respect for authority.
So, his research suggests, if a conservative wanted to convince a liberal to support higher military spending, he shouldn't appeal to patriotism. He should say something like, "Through the military, the disadvantaged can achieve equal standing and overcome the challenges of poverty and inequality." Or at least that's the general idea.
How to sway the other side: Use their morals against them
Willer's work is based on moral foundations theory. It's the idea that people have stable, gut-level morals that influence their worldview. The liberal moral foundations include equality, fairness, and protection of the vulnerable. Conservative moral foundations are more stalwart: They favor in-group loyalty, moral purity, and respect for authority.
Politicians intuitively use moral foundations to excite like-minded voters. Conservative politicians know phrases like "take our country back" get followers' hearts beating.
What moral foundations theory tells us, however, is that these messages don't translate from one moral tribe to the other. "You're essentially trying to convince somebody who speaks French of some position while speaking German to them," Willer says. "And that doesn't resonate."
Willer cautioned that it's still extremely difficult to convert a political opponent completely to your side, even with these techniques. "We found statistically significant effects," he says. "They're reliable. But in terms of magnitude, they are not large."
The chart below shows how well the moral reframing worked for each policy area in Willer's study. To be clear, there's only so much that reframing in terms of values can do: It can't turn an anti-Obamacare conservative into a proponent, but it can soften his stance and get him to listen to counterarguments.
Still, it's significant that Willer found any results at all, considering the difficulty political scientists usually have in getting partisans to sympathize with the other side on issues such as health care, military spending, same-sex marriage, and English as an official language.
Willer's conclusions may not heal American democracy, but they could help, let's say, lower tensions in a heated family argument.
Here's an example more grounded in current events. If you're trying to convince a conservative of the merits of kneeling for the national anthem in protest, emphasize the traditional values around political and religious freedom, Willer suggests, “arguing that the founding fathers were deeply concerned with protecting our rights to social protest.” (Though he hasn't used this argument in his tests, directly.)
More recently, Feinberg has followed up on the work with an experiment using moral reframing during the 2016 presidential election. In his study, when he framed an argument against Trump in terms of loyalty (a conservative moral foundation), conservative participants reported they were less likely to support him.
“For instance, the loyalty message argued that Trump ‘has repeatedly behaved disloyally towards our country to serve his own interests' and that ‘during the Vietnam War, he dodged the draft to follow his father into the development business,'” Feinberg and his co-author write in the study.
Feinberg found a similar effect when framing an argument against Clinton in terms of fairness, a liberal moral foundation. The fairness argument mentioned “while so many Americans have suffered during the recent recession that the Wall Street Banks helped cause, Clinton has accepted millions of dollars from them in exchange for giving a few speeches” and claimed Clinton “is willing to sacrifice fairness and equality to achieve her own goals.'”
Liberal participants who were shown this argument felt colder toward Clinton, and indicated they were less likely to vote for her.
2) Listen. Your ideological opponents want to feel like they've been heard.
Willer and Feinberg's work suggest there's a way to change minds on policy. But what about on prejudice? How can you effectively argue a person out of a prejudicial opinion? Because as Vox's German Lopez explains in great detail, simply calling people racist is a strategy sure to backfire.
In 2016, the journal Science published a remarkable bit of insight: It's possible to reduce prejudice, and sway opinions on anti-transgender legislation, with one 10-minute conversation. What's more, the researchers found that the change of heart can last at least three months and is resistant to anti-transgender attack ads.
It worked because the canvassers in the study did a simple thing: They listened.
Dave Fleischer, a longtime political organizer, calls it deep canvassing. The key to it is that Fleischer has the voter do most of the talking.
Instead of pelting voters with facts, "we ask open-ended questions and then we listen," Fleischer told me in 2016. "And then we continue to ask open-ended questions based on what they just told us."
In talking about their own lives, the voters engage in what psychologists call "active processing." The idea is that people learn lessons more durably when they come to the conclusion themselves, not when someone "bitch-slaps you with a statistic," says Fleischer. Overall, it's a task designed to point out our common humanity, which then opens the door to reducing prejudice and changing opinions.
How “deep canvassing” works
Here's a video example of deep canvassing. It's of a real voter and a canvasser from the Leadership LAB, a program of the Los Angeles LGBT Center, in March. The woman in the video starts off ambivalent on transgender issues. But through deep canvassing, the activist is able to turn her around.
Specifically, the canvassers ask the voters to recall a time when they were discriminated against. And then toward the end of the conversation, the canvassers nudge the voters into thinking about how that experience can relate to the plight of transgender people. The idea is that people learn lessons more durably when they come to the conclusions on their own.
In the video above, notice how the voter starts to come around on the issue when the canvasser asks if she's ever been on the receiving end of discrimination. She talks about being picked on at work and feeling different. He responds by telling his own story of being discriminated against for being gay. It's a real heart to heart between strangers.
And in that moment, the canvasser points out that a transgender nondiscrimination law would help people who feel discriminated against at school or work.
"Oh, okay, that makes a lot of sense," she says.
This technique has only been proven to work with identity issues, like transgender rights. It's hard to say how to adapt it for talking a relative out of their support for gun control.
But the main message of the strategy couldn't hurt to try: Listen to people, get them to think about their own experience, and highlight your common humanity.
You might at least get your foot in the door to a breakthrough.
The Bursting of the Middlebury Bubble
When a controversial conservative speaker came to campus, violence erupted. Is Middlebury's faculty to blame? By Samuel J. Abrams
Get a compelling long read and must-have lifestyle tips in your inbox every Sunday morning — great with coffee!
Charles Murray, a fellow at the conservative American Enterprise Institute, is not liked by many in higher education. So it wasn't surprising to learn that his appearance at Middlebury College last week was met by protests. But the fact that it devolved to physical violence and the silencing of ideas is shocking, and it stands in direct opposition to the very mission of a school that promotes “rigorous analysis and independent thought.”
While Murray may be unpopular, it is hard to ignore his substantial impact on the public discourse in American academic, political, and policy circles. From his controversial work such as The Bell Curve, co-authored with Harvard professor Richard J. Herrnstein, to his more recent book, Coming Apart: The State of White America, 1960-2010, Murray's ideas have been used to frame many tough conversations on class, race, and questions of inequality. In my own teaching on social change and elections at Sarah Lawrence College, I regularly assign Coming Apart because the work explores why white America has become fractured and divided by education and class. The book has stimulated some of the best classroom discussions that I've had during a term.
Murray's work is often criticized, but it has not been met with universal scorn. Coming Apart has been positively covered in a wide variety of sources that are liberal leaning, including the Atlantic, NPR, and the New York Times. PBS NewsHour, a traditionally liberal program, even featured an online interactive quiz that allowed respondents to see if they lived in a “political bubble” based on the concepts in the book.
That is why what happened to Murray at Middlebury last week is so alarming. At the invitation of a conservative student group, Murray arrived on campus to deliver a lecture and engage in a discussion with Allison Stanger, a liberal-leaning member of the school's political science department. As expected, protesters arrived. They shouted and loudly chanted, “racist, sexist, anti-gay, Charles Murray, go away,” until school administrators were forced to move the event to an undisclosed location and broadcast it. After the presentation wrapped up, protesters on campus surrounded Murray and Stanger. Things turned physical: Someone grabbed Stanger's hair as she was reportedly attempting to shield Murray from the mob and twisted her neck, which resulted in a trip to the hospital and a neck brace.
Awful as it may be, this is only the latest evidence of how far viewpoint diversity has declined on the campuses of our colleges and universities. Middlebury President Laurie L. Patton publicly stated that the college “failed to live up to our core values,” and pundits from across the ideological spectrum have weighed in on the mess. What has been missing from all of the reporting and editorials, though, is any meaningful discussion of the role Middlebury's faculty played in this episode.
Faculty may be somewhat removed from students in large universities, but Middlebury is a small, selective liberal arts college where professors can influence the tone and climate of the campus. In this saga, it looks like faculty—campus leaders who should be the champions of free speech and open dialogue—were actually trying to shut down debate and dialogue with Murray.
While it is encouraging that Stanger agreed to engage with Murray, dozens of other Middlebury professors signed a letter to the schools' president protesting Murray before he even arrived on campus. They wrote, “To introduce him—even to critique his arguments—only lends legitimacy to his ideas as worth engaging with.”
As an educator, this statement is disturbing. Whether you agree with them or not, many of Murray's ideas merit airing and debating. It is worth noting that the letter itself was signed by professors in the social sciences and the humanities including gender, sexuality, and feminist studies, along with languages and film and media studies—all disciplines that tend to see activism and social change as part of their role within the academe.
Notably absent in the letter were signatures from faculty in the sciences and other similar disciplines, departments that tend be far less liberal and politically engaged on campuses. Rest assured that these faculties are present at Middlebury; the college has scores of departments and degree programs and has a notably vast interest in global issues, languages, and the environment.
I have spent years studying the ideological leanings of professors, and the events at Middlebury sent me digging through my data. While it is already well established that faculty are overwhelmingly liberal—and that the ideological disparity is especially acute in New England—it is worth noting here that professors from the departments that signed the letter tend to be more likely to try to ban or limit speech on campus if it's perceived to be offensive in some way.
The Higher Education Research Institute has asked tens of thousands of professors nationwide if they agree or disagree with the notion that colleges should prohibit racist and sexist speech on campus. Nationally, 33 percent of faculty strongly agreed with the idea of speech prohibition, while 12 percent strongly disagreed. The remaining 55 percent of faculty were in the middle, where they somewhat agreed or somewhat disagreed with the idea.
When I looked at the numbers for the private liberal arts schools of New England, however, things were different. I drilled farther into the data, focusing specifically on the academic departments of professors who signed the letter to Middlebury's president. While I do not have data on Middlebury faculty specifically, we know which departments the signatories are from. Looking at those departments—sociology, anthropology, film and media studies, among others—almost 50 percent of faculty members from them strongly agreed that colleges and universities should prohibit speech on campus if it can be considered racist or sexist.
That so many professors who embrace humanistic inquiry would support restrictions on speech is simply astonishing and does a disservice to the academe and to the very students that they are supposed to educate.
It is undeniable that the professors who signed the letter to the Middlebury president have influenced the discourse and thinking on campus. As a result, an unpopular, intellectually threatening, and erudite guest came to campus, and rather than engage with ideas, the campus moved to violence and intimidation.
Professors have every right to their political and ideological positions, but we as a society should worry when colleges and universities—the marketplaces of ideas—explicitly limit speech and prevent those who have different ideological leanings from discussing the merits and flaws of their views.
Small liberal arts colleges often exist in tiny bubbles of liberalism. In the case of Middlebury, the bubble has burst. My hope is that the school now looks to truly embrace viewpoint diversity and stops shutting out ideas that actually are in play in the real world.
Samuel J. Abrams is a professor of politics at Sarah Lawrence College and a research fellow at Stanford University's Hoover Institution.
In a recent article, Top 7 Newspapers Known to Favor Specific Political Parties in India, I talked about how most of the popular newspapers favor specific political parties. When it comes to television, the confederacy between politicians and media goes to a whole new level. Instead of paying for advertisement in the form of news, politicians have decided that it is much more economical to just own television channels. The list of channels owned directly or indirectly by politicians is a very long one. Almost all news channels are owned either directly or indirectly by politicians. The situation in the south is far worse with every party in Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka and Kerala, owning at least one channel. Since the number of channels owned by politicians is so huge I can't write about all of them but here are 7 of the more famous channels who have a definite conflict of interest in delivering political news because their owners are all politicians themselves.
Before we get into the top 7 news channels, here are some regional and lesser known channels just for your information:
Congress health minister Himanta Biswa Sarma's wife Riniki Bhuyan is the chairperson of News Live and Rang.
In Karnataka, tourism minister Janardhana Reddy and health minister Sriramulu Reddy own Janashri along with a couple of newspapers.
Kasturi TV is owned by former chief minister H.D. Kumaraswamy.
Suvarna TV of the Asianet group is owned by Rajya Sabha MP Rajeev Chandrashekhar.
Sakshi TV is owned by Jagan Mohan Reddy along with NTV and TV5 in Andhra Pradesh.
Studio N is owned by Narne Srinivasa Rao, a businessman related to N. Chandrababu Naidu.
Odisha TV is owned by Baijayant Panda of the BJD. Other channels in Orissa are also politician owned.
Indiavision in Kerala is owned by Muslim League Secretary M.K. Muneer.
In West Bengal, CPI(M) controls TV-24 Ghanta. Trinamool Congress has Kolkata TV.
Sukhbir Singh Badal owns PTC and PTC News in Punjab along with PTC Punjabi and PTC Chak De.
And now let's come to the crème de la crème of politically owned news channels in India.
7. Jaya TV
Named after its owner, Jaya TV is owned by Jayalalithaa, the AIADMK chief. She also owns Jaya Max, Jaya Plus and J Movie. She owns all this through the holding company Mavis Satcom Ltd. But she is not alone in Tamil Nadu to own television channels. Congress owns Mega TV and Vasanth TV while Vijayakanth of DMDK owns Captain Tv.
6. Sun TV
Even with all this political control of television in Tamil Nadu, the top honors go to DMK chief Karunanidhi's nephew Kalanithi Maran. He controls Sun TV, Sun News, KTV, Sun Music, Chutti TV, Sumangali Cable, Adithya TV, Chintu TV, Kiran TV, Khushi TV, Udaya Comedy, Udaya Music, Gemini TV, Gemini Comedy and Gemini Movies. Karunanidhi himself owns Kalaignar TV and a close associate M. Raajhendran owns Raj TV and Raj Digital Plus.
5. IBNLokmat
Rajendra Dadra, the Minister of School Education of Maharashtra and his brother Vijay Dadra, a Rajya Sabha member, both of Congress, control Lokmat which is the largest selling Marathi newspaper in Maharashtra. The group also owns IBNLokmat in association with the TV18 group.
4. India News
India News is owned by Karthikeya Sharma, brother of Manu Sharma who was sentenced to life imprisonment in the Jessica Lal murder case. Karthikeya Sharma owns the ITV Media group that operates many news channels including News X. Karthikeya and Manu are sons of Congress leader Venod Sharma.
3. News 24
Rajeev Shukla, among other things is the Minister of State for Parliamentary Affairs and Planning and the secretary of the India Congress Committee. He controls News 24 with his wife Anuradha Prasad. They also own Aapno 24 and E24. Interestingly Anuradha Prasad is the sister of BJP leader, Ravi Shankar Prasad.
2. NDTV
NDTV is owned by Prannoy Roy. The NDTV group owns NDTV India, NDTV Good Times, NDTV 24×7 and NDTV Profit and other channels. NDTV is known to be sympathetic to communists. The Bengali Roy is married to Radhika Roy whose sister is Brinda Karat a Rajya Sabha member of CPI(M). Brinda Karat is married to Prakash Karat who is the General Secretary of the Communist Party of India (Marxist).
1. Times Now
Times Now is part of the Times group which is a very big media house which operates Times of India, Mid-Day, Nav-Bharath Times, Stardust, Femina, Vijay Times, Vijaya Karnataka and Times Now. Times Group is owned by Bennet & Coleman. The Italian Robertio Mindo who has a share in the group is a close relative of Sonia Gandhi.
If any channels were left from this list, then it can be either because the politicians have done a good job in hiding any direct links or because I got bored of researching all of them.
Besides politicians businessmen also like to have some control over media and they either have a share in media companies or they give their shares to media companies in exchange of favorable news. All business channels giving stock market advice are so notorious for advertising that the Govt. of India has warned stock investors to heed to the advice given by the media on their own risk.
The truth is that all mass media in India has become corrupt and the only source of trustworthy news that is left is the internet through blogs and small news sites or through social networking sites such as Twitter where news comes direct from the source to the public. If there's someone making money while delivering the news from the source to the public, you can rest assured that it won't be a 100% true.
I recently re-opened George Orwell's 1984, which I hadn't read since I became a supporter of libertarian ideals in high school.
My first impression was to think that we are lucky to have Obama as president of the United States. Because he's not a tyrant. I don't like him, or rather, I like the man but not his policies; he's authoritarian, but he's not a tyrant. However, if one day the american people elect someone who turns out to have tyrannical goals, we are fucked.
The omnipresent telescreens in 1984 are a good metaphor for our phones, tablets and computers. Sure, they are not operated by the government, nor are they broadcasting propaganda against our will. But in light of the Snowden revelations, we know that basically everything we say or do on the internet can be stored and retrieved by government agencies such as the NSA or the FBI. As all our devices have microphones and cameras, it's not impossible for the NSA to actually look at what we are doing (although you'd have to be directly targeted by the agency; it's unlikely that the NSA would like/be able to watch everyone…).
Now, as Obama isn't a tyrant, there are few cases where this surveillance could become nefarious. Unless you're a journalist, or a whistleblower, of course.
A lot of people who support the NSA (which very existence has never been proved to have been useful to protect american citizens) will say that they have nothing to hide and thus aren't afraid of surveillance. Right. But that's not the point.
Merely giving the government the ability to spy on everyone of us is scary enough. If we wait for someone more authoritarian than Obama to become president, it'll be too late.
If the next US president decides to crush any opposition, either from citizens or journalists, he'll have the ability to do so. I'm hopeful some people would get in the way – so this scenario is hopefully unlikely to happen – but still. The only difference between 2015 and Orwell's 1984 is that we don't have Big Brother as our president.
The gigantic surveillance apparatus is there. We're just lucky not to be ruled by a tyrant. If we elected one (yes, Google “Hitler” to see that this is possible), he would have tremendous powers, similar to the ones Big Brother had.
A lot of quotes from the book are eerily similar to the present situation:
“WAR IS PEACE.”
The US has always been at war since World War II. Islamic terrorism (and previously, the Soviet Union), has been a very good excuse to justify legislation and actions by the government restraining freedom. The Patriot Act and McCarthyism are two good examples of that.
I'd argue our education system is now abiding by the “IGNORANCE IS STRENGTH” motto, by rewarding mediocrity and trying to cast everyone into the same mold (see my post on Education for more criticism of the education system).
“Many of the disappearances were actually suicides. But it needed desperate courage to kill yourself in a world where firearms, or any quick and certain poison, were completely unprocurable” – So this quote will certainly please fan of the 2nd Amendment. It's important to understand that suicide here is meant in the context of escape from torture or oppression – and not “just” from mental illness such as depression. (Suicide is respectable when it is done by someone who is capable of reason. Someone afflicted by depression isn't: his brain is rigged by the disease.)
Apart from the prohibition of firearm possession, this quote also adresses the problem of drug prohibition. The recent trial of Ross Ulbricht, the alleged creator of the Silk Road market, shows how tyrannical the government can be when it doesn't want you to be able to use the chemicals you want, when you want.
“For distances of less than 100 kilometres it was not necessary to get your passport endorsed” – though realistically, abolishing borders today would be crazy, the notion of borders and passport checks is inherently tyrannical, since its goal is to restrain freedom of movement and privacy. Pushed at its extreme, border control and the absence of privacy (embodied by constant ID checks) get us to 1984. Controlling who enters your country can be desirable, but is dangerous: refusing entry to an Islamic State fighter is probably a sound decision, but who decides who can enter and who cannot? What if suddenly people critical of the government, or journalists, are on the list? Border control is a mess, and it must at least be much more transparent than it is right now. Remember that journalists and their relatives are routinely intimidated, illegally searched and interrogated by government agents when they land in the US.
“tortures, drugs, delicate instruments that registered your nervous reactions, gradual wearing-down by sleeplessness and solitude and persistent questioning. ” – Oh, that looks a lot like the CIA's “Enhanced Interrogation Program” and the prison system's use of solitary confinement…
“Even when weapons of war are not actually destroyed, their manufacture is still a convenient way of expending labour power without producing anything that can be consumed. A Floating Fortress, for example, has locked up in it the labour that would build several hundred cargo-ships. Ultimately it is scrapped as obsolete, never having brought any material benefit to anybody, and with further enormous labours another Floating Fortress is built.” – Detailing how the Department of Defense wastes trillions of dollars would take multiple books. Just knowing that the US's defense budget is more than the ten other largest spenders' budgets combined should be enough. Or we can look at the F-35 fighter jet program, the latest example of outrageous spending on useless war machines.
“In past ages, a war, almost by definition, was something that sooner or later came to an end, usually in unmistakable victory or defeat.” […] “But when war becomes literally continuous, it also ceases to be dangerous. When war is continuous there is no such thing as military necessity. Technical progress can cease and the most palpable facts can be denied or disregarded.” – Another quote on the state of perpetual war we are in. A great justification for increased military spending, human rights abuses and liberticide legislation.
“[…] practices which had been long abandoned, in some cases for hundreds of years—imprisonment without trial, the use of war prisoners as slaves, public executions, torture to extract confessions, the use of hostages, and the deportation of whole populations—not only became common again, but were tolerated and even defended by people who considered themselves enlightened and progressive.” – Imprisonment without trial is happening in the US (at least in Guantanamo Bay). Torture did happen too (and could still take place, who knows what the CIA has been up to lately). As for the “enlightened and progressive” people defending these techniques, well… I'm not sure the political leaders who have actively endorsed these atrocious acts can be referred to as enlightened or progressive.
“[…] in the past no government had the power to keep its citizens under constant surveillance. […] With the development of television, and the technical advance which made it possible to receive and transmit simultaneously on the same instrument, private life came to an end. Every citizen, or at least every citizen important enough to be worth watching, could be kept for twenty-four hours a day under the eyes of the police […]” – Orwell somehow saw the surveillance apparatus coming. Our “telescreens” are called computers and smartphones. They do not yell propaganda at us, but are capable of constantly monitoring us if the government wants to. There are still probably ways (like powerful encryption and the Tor Browser) to avoid NSA surveillance, but the agency is busy trying to weaken and ultimately break them.
“‘You asked me once,' said O'Brien, ‘what was in Room 101. I told you that you knew the answer already. Everyone knows it. The thing that is in Room 101 is the worst thing in the world.'” – This is a terrifying quote. Using your worst fear as a form of torture (which is the whole concept of Room 101) is every tyrant's dream. I recently read this article from Motherboard about torture using virtual reality (with devices like the Oculus Rift for example), which would effectively make possible the Room 101 scenario. It is truly horrifying, and considering how widely used torture is around the globe, it should at least make us a little bit uncomfortable…
Finally, and this greatly illustrates the need for economic and social experiments, such as the defunct Silk Road or the independent nation I described here, I'll leave you with this quote, which I regard as an encouragement to expose abuses on our individual rights: “The masses never revolt of their own accord, and they never revolt merely because they are oppressed. Indeed, so long as they are not permitted to have standards of comparison, they never even become aware that they are oppressed.”
Advertisements
Overlooked Appalachian Lit: Six Contemporary Southern Books Everyone Should Read
Electric Literature Blocked Unblock Follow Jul 3, 2015
by Glenn Taylor
Here are six books by contemporary writers with roots in Kentucky, east Tennessee, West Virginia, and upstate South Carolina. Note that in the very act of reading the names of those places, as you have just done, you may inadvertently conjure in your mind a multitude of negative or simplified depictions. You may hear full-gallop banjo picking. You may visualize some skewed humanoid picture of “inbreeding,” whatever that term has come to mean. Note that the mainstream national media might be to blame for this conjuring, as it tends to function in a sensational and visually-jarring manner that homogenizes a people and misrepresents a region, thus perpetuating a cycle of wholesale cultural dismissal. The truth about the Appalachian South and its people, of course, is more complex, and it involves all that the rivers and roads and rails brought to us, and all that they took away. The truth is found here in fiction and in poetry, in the wise and funny and heart-breaking voices of those who have listened, of those who know not only their collective past, but also how to best sit you down and tell it to you, if only you will listen. These are six books you won't soon forget.
Trampoline by Robert Gipe
Ohio University Press, 2015
Originally from Kingsport, Tennessee, Gipe has long lived in eastern Kentucky.
Trampoline is that rare kind of book, a first novel that feels like a fourth or fifth. It is about much more than the fight against strip mining and mountaintop removal. It is a classic yet utterly original coming-of-age story about love and family and violence and hills and hollows, told retrospectively and in five acts, each one bold and vivid, each one teeming with Gipe's unique drawings. It is a roaring tale that knows when to tamp its own fire–which is another way of saying that it is funny as hell but will hurt you too. Certainly, you'll never forget its illustrations or its narrator, Dawn Jewell.
Sample sentence: The skinned trees stood gray and clear like old people talking, no word wasted.
Me and My Daddy Listen to Bob Marley: Novellas & Stories by Ann Pancake
Counterpoint, 2015
Originally from Romney, West Virginia.
There is a rhythm that courses through the lines of these stories. I find myself regarding Pancake's sentences with awe. In them you'll find the remnants of real lives lived, the particular pain and beauty of working people, and the complexities they navigate with a dangerous ingenuity that matches Pancake's own style. She makes a world that only she can name, and it is a world of mud and bone and blood and rust. It is somehow both beautiful and alarming, a rare a combination.
Sample sentence: Fangs are something everybody has four of, but Robbie Phillips's fangs are the longest I've ever seen on a human, and then he has more than that.
Between Wrecks by George Singleton
Dzanc Books, 2014
Originally from Anaheim, California, he grew up in Greenwood, South Carolina.
Singleton is undoubtedly one of the funniest contemporary writers anywhere. His ability to capture the absurd ways in which we conduct our days is remarkable, for it exposes us as altogether futile and honorable and pitiful and lovable creatures. Singleton's characters reveal the modern South for what it is: new, old, stuck, and moving, all at once. River rocks and fake arrowheads and ancient car cigarette lighters and bourbon mark the path onward. Listen to the way people speak in these stories. There is truth in what they say, and there is life in how they wreck themselves.
Sample sentence: How many philosophers found themselves stuck at the back corner of a junkyard, drinking blind-worthy white lightning with a man destined to kill a tree farmer and a man without a kickstand?
Turn Me Loose: The Unghosting of Medgar Evers by Frank X Walker
University of Georgia Press, 2013
Originally from Danville, Kentucky.
Walker's Affrilachia is a book of poems I always find myself returning to, and with his latest, I was reminded why. He has once again put forth a collection of precise and bold verse to shake up the world of contemporary poetry, and he has also reanimated our shared and horrifying past. This is a brave and immeasurably important book told in the voices of Evers's widow Myrlie, Evers's brother, as well as in the voices of Evers's murderer Byron De La Beckwith and his wives. Find out the meaning of the title, read the book, and never let any generation forget Medgar Evers.
Sample line:
Wove my spine to his so he could stand
magnolia tall and blossom for all to see.
Refuge by Dot Jackson
Novello Festival Press, 2006
Born in Miami, Florida, she has long lived in her ancestral upstate South Carolina.
Dot Jackson possesses a writing style that is pure and incantatory, as if spoken to the reader. It is as if the author has channeled this Mary Seneca Steele and we are lucky enough to listen. This is the best kind of journey tale, the kind that leaves behind “proper” coastal environs and heads for the hills, where life is elemental and violent yet full of loyalty and grace, where a woman such as Mary Seneca might finally be free.
Sample sentence: And songs the bees sang to me, in my sleep, and songs the wind would sing on the stove pipe, when I would doze off, in the rocking chair, sometimes.
Water Street by Crystal Wilkinson
Toby Press, 2002
Born in Hamilton, Ohio, she grew up in Indian Creek, Kentucky.
In fiction writing workshops, I often use the opening chapter as a lesson in point of view. Wilkinson uses “we” in a manner that is so inviting and comfortable as to cast a spell upon the reader that lasts until the very last page. This is a communal book, and by that I mean that the of the book's people is ever-present, whether it is literally used as the voice of the teller or not. Water Street is memory, preserved and intact.
Sample sentence: There you can buy a hogshead cheese sandwich for a dollar and get chopped steak and pork chops on credit.
Faculty members in the 23-campus Cal State University system have voted overwhelmingly to authorize a strike, with a walkout planned in the next few months should last-minute efforts to reach a salary agreement with administration fall short.
Leaders of the California Faculty Association, which represents more than 25,000 tenured and tenure-track faculty, lecturers, librarians, counselors and coaches, announced Wednesday that members would rather strike than give up on a 5 percent raise they've been demanding for months.
For the past six months of negotiations, the Long Beach-based Chancellor's Office has stuck to its offer of a 2 percent raise.
“Our employer has decided what the faculty is worth and it turns out we're not worth much to them,” said CFA President Jennifer Eagan during a media conference call from San Jose State University.
Union members voted 94.4 percent in favor of a strike authorization, with voting taking place online and at CSU campuses between Oct. 19-28. Eagan said CFA doesn't know how many ballots were cast, but the vote was verified by a third party.
Union members cheered Wednesday and chanted, “I don't want to strike, but I will, I will.”
Talks over their 2015-16 salary began in May. After reaching an impasse, the two sides entered mediation, which failed Oct. 8 to produce an agreement.
Now the union and administration are in a process known as fact-finding, wherein a three-person panel — made up of one representative from each side and one neutral person — reviews proposals and issues a public report. Fact-finding hearings are scheduled for Nov. 23 and Dec. 7.
Should the two sides not reach agreement, CSU may make its last, best and final offer to the faculty union. At that point, the union may strike.
“No one takes a strike vote lightly, least of all faculty who have invested so much in students,” Eagan said.
CFA officials said Wednesday a strike could take place early next year. What it would entail remains to be seen. Union officials said all options are on the table, from scheduled walkouts on specific campuses to systemwide demonstrations.
CFA has dubbed its effort the Fight for Five. The union, which also is demanding an additional 2.65 percent increase for eligible professors based on years of service, has issued a series of scathing papers this year against the nation's largest public university system.
The series, titled Race to the Bottom: CSU's 10-Year Failure to Fund Its Core Mission, maintains that CSU faculty salaries have stagnated for years, with the average full-time salary for a professor standing at $64,479. CFA says the average salary for all faculty, including lecturers, is about $44,000.
The vote did not surprise administration officials.
“Similar authorizations were requested and approved by CFA members in prior CSU/CFA negotiations, and the strike authorization vote has now become a routine part of CFA's post-impasse negotiation strategy,” said Toni Molle, a spokeswoman for the Chancellor's Office, in an email.
The Chancellor's Office has produced a different set of numbers than CFA. According to the administration, as of April the average salary for a full professor in the 460,000-student system is $96,064. The average salary for all tenure-track faculty is $86,314. Full-time lecturers earn an average salary of $59,333.
The gap between what CFA wants and what the university has offered amounts to $68.9 million. A 2 percent salary increase would cost $32.8 million, but a 5 percent increase would cost $101.7 million, according to the Chancellor's Office.
Administrators say if CSU gave the faculty union what it wanted, the university would also have to bump up pay for other bargaining units because of a “me-too” clause in contracts. If that were to happen, the cost gap between the two sides would grow by another $39.1 million, to $108 million, according to the Chancellor's Office.
CSU says its offer to the faculty union is the same given to other bargaining units in the university, and that the 2 percent raises for all employee groups amounts to $65.5 million.
The university says each new faculty hire costs $108,000 in salary and benefits, and 59 percent of the operating budget goes to compensation and benefits. According to system officials, health care and retirement costs ballooned by $77.3 million in 2015-16.
Last year, the two sides reached an agreement that set a general salary increase of 1.6 percent for all faculty in 2014-15, with about 9,300 faculty getting additional raises that boosted their pay by a total of 4.6 percent, according to the Chancellor's Office.
The salary boost, along with a $960 increase in 2013 for full-time instructors, were the first raises for faculty since 2007.
“Compensation remains a top priority,” Molle said. “That's why faculty were the only group of employees to receive salary increases and tenure-track salary promotions during the recession years,” she said.
Faculty members plan to demonstrate Nov. 17 at a Board of Trustees meeting in Long Beach.
Contact Josh Dulaney at 562-714-2150.
BJP's prime ministerial candidate and Gujarat Chief Minister Narendra Modi has hit out at Home Minister Sushilkumar Shinde for discussing the issue of bringing back underworld don Dawood Ibrahim to India in public.
"Is this matter supposed to be discussed on a public forum like the press. Did the US conduct a press conference before they were planning to attack bin Laden? I feel ashamed that our Home Minister does not have the minimum maturity and is making such statements," Modi said in an interview to Gujarati TV news channel Sandesh News.
He also compared the matter with the killing of Osama bin Laden by the US saying, “Did the US held a press conference before carrying out the Abbottabad raid."
Shinde had recently made a statement to bring back Dawood to India. Earlier this year, he has said that the US and India were making attempts to bring Dawood back.
"We're working closely with the FBI and trying our best to bring Dawood back home," Shinde had said.
The trillium is Ontario's official flower and marijuana could now be considered the province's official weed with the passage of the Cannabis Act. Liberals and New Democrats voted 63 to 27 in favour of the legislation Tuesday with the Progressive Conservatives opposed as the province now begins work in earnest on how to split pot tax revenues with municipalities.
Marijuana will retail for $10 a gram by the Ontario Cannabis Retail Corporation. It will be sold from behind the counter to patrons 19 and older. ( David Rider / Toronto Star )
The new law gives Queen's Park a monopoly on recreational marijuana when the federal government's legalization takes effect on July 1. Weed will only be sold by the Ontario Cannabis Retail Corporation, a subsidiary of the Liquor Control Board of Ontario. Starting next summer, the OCRC will operate 40 stand-alone marijuana shops, increasing to 150 stores by 2020.
Article Continued Below
Illegal pot dispensaries will be forced to close. With the federal government now pledging to give provinces and territories 75 per cent of what Sousa said is an estimated $450 million in annual pot tax revenue nationwide, Ontario will work on a share of its roughly 40 per cent portion with municipalities for enforcement. “We have to be mindful what costs are being borne,” Finance Minister Charles Sousa told reporters, declining to specify how the tax money will be split. “Not all municipalities are being treated the same,” Sousa added, noting some jurisdictions have their own police forces while others rely on the OPP. Federal Liberal MP Bill Blair said last month that the tax haul from cannabis, including the HST and excise taxes, could total up to $1 billion in a legalized market with 400,000 kilograms of marijuana a year.
What legal pot will look like in the province when legalization comes on July 1, 2018. Robert Benzie explains in the Sept. 8 file video. (Richard Lautens/Toronto Star)
Toronto Mayor John Tory said the city will need funding to cover policing, social services and zoning enforcement. “I will be looking to recover all of our costs once we calculate them,” he told reporters at the Royal Ontario Museum.
Article Continued Below
Although Sousa said the 75 per cent from the feds will not be enough to meet the costs that we are going to incur,” the deal got a joint thumbs-up from the premiers of Ontario and Quebec. “I'm happy with the arrangement. The provinces and municipalities will have many more costs than the federal government,” Kathleen Wynne said at a confederation conference in Toronto. Quebec Premier Philippe Couillard agreed, adding “it's obvious we will have to share our share” with local governments. New Democrats supported the bill despite concerns “unanswered questions” about money to municipalities and the small number of stores to open next summer. “Forty store fronts basically tells the criminal element it's wide open season for marijuana here in Ontario and I don't think that's very responsible,” said NDP Leader Andrea Horwath. Her Conservative counterpart said his MPPs opposed the bill because police associations have warned more support is needed, particularly for enforcing drug-impaired driving. “They've expressed significant reservations that they don't have the resources and equipment right now to keep our streets safe,” Patrick Brown said. Green Party Leader Mike Schreiner said the legislation won't put much of a dent in the illegal, underground market. “Instead of trying to drive existing dispensaries out of business, the government should allow them to apply to become legal and heavily regulated retailers of cannabis.” The first 14 municipalities that will be home to the shops are in Toronto, Mississauga, Brampton, Vaughan, Hamilton, Barrie, Kingston, Kitchener, London, Ottawa, Sault Ste. Marie, Sudbury, Thunder Bay, and Windsor. Staff at the stores, like LCBO outlets, will be specially trained members of the Ontario Public Service Employees' Union. There will no self-service at the shops, where marijuana will retail for $10 a gram. It will be sold from behind the counter to patrons 19 and older. Online sales will also be controlled by the OCRC, which is still developing its branding for the stores. The remaining illegal storefront “dispensaries” still operating will be forced out of business under threat of cash fines of up to $1 million and jail terms as long as two years less a day. Usage will be restricted to private homes and consumption will continue to be outlawed in all parks and other public places as well as in vehicles. Ontarians of age will, however, be permitted to grow up to four cannabis plants for personal use. The legislation passed one day after Ottawa and the provinces forged a revenue-sharing agreement. Under the deal, the provinces will get a 75 per cent share of recreational cannabis tax revenues. With files from David Rider
When vengeful detective Kitty Winter (Ophelia Lovibond) first appears in the third season premiere of Elementary, she is a mysterious live wire who quickly engages in a baton fight with Dr. Joan Watson (Lucy Liu); it is not until the following episode that it's revealed euphemistically that she was "the victim of a horrific crime," as Sherlock Holmes (Jonny Lee Miller) puts it. He continues, "She was taken. By a man." It's Joan who is the first to say the r-word, in the third episode: "She's a rape victim."
The initial sketch of Kitty Winter, portrayed by Lovibond in a 12-episode arc that ended Jan. 29, dances at the edge of sexist caricature. It begins with a catfight, Kitty battling Liu's Joan on the street, two women pitted against one another over Sherlock — a man. In the next episode, the stereotype threatens to compound: Kitty Winter is a rape victim. But instead of falling into easy clichés of inimical women and fragile victims, Elementary proceeded to create not only an authentic representation of female friendship, but also a deeply empathetic, empowered story of rape survival. The crime is named. The woman does not "overcome," but rather takes charge of her recovery. She is surrounded by a network of support. Her story is never disbelieved. And, ultimately, Kitty shreds her rapist's cloak of respectability.
"She's not a victim. She has not allowed this to take over her life," Lovibond told BuzzFeed News. And still, throughout her episodes, Lovibond took great care to make the trauma a central part of the character. "Rape isn't a one-time thing: It is something that will change your wiring a little bit," she said. And this is what's so striking about Kitty Winter: She is indeed not defined by her victimhood, but she is inflected by it. It's never an afterthought, as gender-based violence so often is on television.
Small choices brought Kitty to life; Lovibond mentioned a scene in the Nov. 20 episode where one of Sherlock's eccentric consultants — Harlan, a doughy mathematician played by Rich Sommer — is alone in a room with her, shirtless.
"I said, 'I don't want to be too close to him, because even though he's clearly nonthreatening, Kitty's not comfortable being in a room with a naked man,'" Lovibond said. "It's not appropriate; it makes her uncomfortable."
That was a new notion to Elementary's showrunner, Rob Doherty. "That hadn't occurred to me," he said. "Harlan is this lovable goofball we introduced last year. I worked with the writer on that scene, and it never occurred to me. … When Ophelia pointed it out, it made all the sense in the world."
Kitty Winter is a minor character from an original Holmes story, "The Adventure of the Illustrious Client," so — SPOILER ALERT for a plot point that's going on a century old — Doherty always knew her arc would end with Kitty throwing acid in the face of her attacker. What was unclear to Doherty was just how she would get there. And there isn't much hint as to how she gets there in the story itself: The original Kitty Winter is more a collection of characteristics than a character. But, Doherty said, "Kitty Winter jumped out at me because she was one of the most active female characters I'd ever come across in the canon" — unlike the Kitty in Elementary, this earlier Kitty simultaneously punishes her attacker and saves Sherlock Holmes, making her a hero. In Arthur Conan Doyle's stories, "women come across a certain way, for the most part, and Kitty was this really fascinating exception." She's violent, full of anger, and self-determining.
As Kitty became more violent in the Jan. 22 episode — torturing someone for information — Lovibond played Kitty "doing it very reluctantly, and that wasn't how I was seeing it," Doherty said. Once Kitty finds out that her rapist is in New York City, Doherty began imagining "someone who is rage-filled and coiled and ready to snap," he said, but Lovibond took a different tack.
"Kitty's not an evil person," Lovibond said. "When she does do the wrong thing as a means to an end, it's very reluctantly."
This part of her story — this burning off the face of a sadistic serial rapist-murderer — is, of course, not without its doubts.
Genealogy site Family Tree Now made waves when people discovered it can be used to look up almost anyone's personal information, even if they'd never heard of the site before. Addresses, family members, and known associates are free for anyone to find. Here's how to protect yourself from Family Tree Now, Whitepages, Spokeo, and other popular free people search engines just like it.
Advertisement
Family Tree Now
Removing your information from Family Tree Now is, fortunately, pretty simple, provided they actually honor requests to be removed fully from their database:
Advertisement
Head to the opt-out page and click the “Begin Opt Out Procedure” button after proving you're not a robot. Search for yourself using your name and birthdate, and select your record listing from the results. Verify that it's actually you and not someone with the same name, then click the big red “Opt Out” button at the top of the page.
Advertisement
It will take 48 hours for your information to be removed, but that's all there is to it. If you have multiple listings, repeat the process for each record.
Whitepages
Advertisement
Whitepages is the most popular people search engine, with around 28,500,000 uniques every month, according to Alexa. It also provides information for other aggregate search engines. The opt-out process for Whitepages is a little more complicated:
Head to the site and search for yourself. Copy and note the URL for all of your listings. They should look something like “http://www.whitepages.com/name/John-Doe/Seattle-WA/6u3wkef”. Sign up for a Whitepages account. This is required if you want to remove a listing. All you need is a valid email address (so something at like, mailinator.com or another throwaway address site will suffice) for this process. Once you have an account, head to the Whitepages home page and select “Remove From Directory” in the footer under “Your Whitepages.” You'll be directed to the “Opt-out of Whitepages” screen. Paste in the URL of your listing that you want removed, then confirm the removal by clicking “Remove this info from Whitepages.” To verify the removal, you'll have to do so via an automated call. You can enter a phone number to use for verification, or use the number provided in the listing. Click “Call now to Verify,” wait for the call, then press 1 to verify or 2 to cancel.
Advertisement
The process above will remove you from all free searches, but Whitepages Premium subscribers will still be able to search you. To remove your data from Premium searches, you have put in a support ticket:
Head to the Whitepages Premium help page. Click the “HELP” button on the right, then select “Information Removal Request” in the “Support Request Type” drop-down menu. You'll need to provide your first name, middle initial, last name, city, state, and listing URL.
Advertisement
The process will take around 72 business hours, and even then, you'll still be visible to “Pro” level business subscribers.
Spokeo
Advertisement
Spokeo's people search engine aggregates publicly available information from third party sources, so removing your listing there doesn't necessarily remove your listing anywhere else. That said, it's still worth opting out of Spokeo so your information doesn't linger. Here's how to do it:
Search for yourself using Spokeo and record the URL for your listing. Head to the Spokeo opt out page, then paste the URL in the first text box. Enter an email address in the other second text box. This is required so they can send a confirmation link. (Same rules as above apply—any address that can get a confirmation email works here.) Click “Remove this listing.”
Once you confirm the removal via the email you provided, you're all set.
PeekYou
Advertisement
PeekYou is designed for people looking to reconnect with old classmates or former colleagues, but the service can still be pretty creepy in the wrong hands. Here's how to opt out of PeekYou's searches:
Search for yourself using PeekYou. Record the unique ID number at the end of your listing's URL. You don't need the entire URL, just that number. Head to the PeekYou opt-out form page and enter your information, including the unique ID number. Select “Remove my entire listing” from the Action drop-down menu, then click “Submit.”
Advertisement
You'll get an email to verify the removal, but otherwise your information should be fully removed. However, keep in mind that PeekYou might have multiple listings for you in their database. You'll have to repeat the process above for each listing.
Instant Checkmate
Advertisement
Instant Checkmate is a public records search and background check service that collects local, state, and federal data on individuals. The service is widely used, but opting out is a snap:
Head to the Instant Checkmate opt out page. Fill out the form as accurately as you can, click “Opt Out,” and in 48 hours your listing should be removed.
Advertisement
Again, you may have multiple listings, and each one will require a separate form. Be sure to check. You can also ask to be removed via snail mail if you prefer.
For other popular people search engines, like Pipl and Zabasearch, there's nothing you can do to opt out of their listings. Pipl uses a web crawler bot that collects publicly available documents and deep-web data to build their index. The only way to remove information from a site like Pipl is to remove the sources, like social network profiles, court documents, articles, and anything else that mentions your name. Otherwise your data will be permanently searchable.
TORONTO — Unions representing Canadian journalists want five Postmedia executives to reject bonuses totalling $2.275 million as the struggling newspaper chain continues staff reductions.
The company awarded Postmedia president and CEO Paul Godfrey $900,000, CFO Doug Lamb $450,000, COO Andrew MacLeod $425,000, legal and general counsel Jeffrey Haar $300,000, and National Post president Gordon Fisher $200,000, according to financial documents filed Wednesday.
The Communications Workers of America (CWA) Canada President Martin O'Hanlon said in a statement that the executives are acting in an unconscionable manner by accepting the extra money while asking employees to volunteer for buyouts or risk another round of layoffs.
“This is an absolute disgrace,” O'Hanlon said. “The fact that it is even legal shows how broken our system is.”
The money will be paid out over three instalments with the first cash payment already distributed on July 15. The next two payments will be made Dec. 2 of this year and July 14, 2017.
Postmedia president and CEO Paul Godfrey was given a $900,000 bonus, despite successive rounds of layoffs and plans to reduce salary costs by 20 per cent. (Photo: The Canadian Press)
The bonuses were part of a retention plan to keep key employees with the company during and after its recently completed debt restructuring, which reduced its total debt of $648 million by about $307 million.
"It's not unusual'' for a company to implement such a program during these types of transactions, said Postmedia's vice-president of communications, Phyllise Gelfand.
However, one of the five executives, Haar, will leave Postmedia at the end of November, she said. Gelfand could not confirm whether Haar is still entitled to the next two payouts of his retention bonus.
Unifor Local 87-M, which represents Ontario's unionized newspaper workers, called on the executives to give the money to Postmedia's employees.
"That money should be spent to retain workers,'' said union president Paul Morse in a statement.
Postmedia said last month it was looking to cut salary costs by 20 per cent.
The newspaper chain offered its employees voluntary buyouts in late October. The company has not yet announced whether the program reached that target, but has said layoffs may be necessary otherwise.
As of the end of August this year, Postmedia had 4,233 full-time equivalent employees, according to its financial documents — down from 4,733 a year prior. In January, the company laid off 90 people and merged newsrooms in four cities where it owns two newspapers in each market.
Gelfand said the company had no comment on either the union's demand for the executives to return their extra pay, or the optics of simultaneously handing out hundreds of thousands of dollars in bonuses and working towards reducing salary expenses.
Despite the bonus, Godfrey's total compensation fell by nearly $100,000 for 2016, while that of the other four executives rose this year by $29,800 on the low end and $113,456 on the high end. Each of their base salaries remained the same as in 2015.
Last year, the five executives and Wayne Parrish, the company's former COO, received bonuses for their work when Postmedia acquired Sun Media's English-language newspapers and digital properties.
— With a file from Huffington Post Canada
Also on HuffPost
National Rifle Association CEO Wayne LaPierre delivers remarks during the 2014 Conservative Political Action Conference. The NRA announced a $6.5 million ad buy for Donald Trump in five swing states. File photo by Molly Riley/UPI | License Photo
WASHINGTON, Oct. 5 (UPI) -- The National Rifle Association has bought its largest television advertising bloc to date for a spot supporting Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, according to multiple media reports.
The NRA will spend $6.5 million on an ad featuring a woman who fought off an attacker in a parking garage by wielding the pistol she carries in her purse. The woman, Kristi McMains, looks into the camera and praises Trump for supporting the Second Amendment.
"Every woman has a right to own a gun if she chooses. Hillary Clinton disagrees with that," McMains says. "Donald Trump supports my right to own a gun."
The NRA said the ad, which began airing Wednesday and will run through most of October, is appearing on broadcast stations in five battleground states: Ohio, Nevada, North Carolina, Pennsylvania and Virginia. It is also running nationally on cable.
Other NRA ads have been critical of Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton, as well. With the $6.5 million purchase, the NRA's total spending on television ads in the presidential campaign now stands at $17 million.
After over six years in the wilderness (also known as reunion-ville), Gorillaz will return with a new album, Humanz, later this month. To celebrate the release of the "club record [with a] weird sort of darkness about it," Damon Albarn and Jamie Hewlett's animated group is teaming up with Sonos to launch a series of "spirit houses" for fans to hear new music and interact with the band's virtual home.
According to a press release, these Gorillaz Spirit House spaces will include "a real-life manifestation of Murdoc, 2D, Russel and Noodle's lounge in Gorillaz' own home, offering fans the opportunity to dive deeper into their world through exclusive music and visuals through physical installations and projection mapping technology." The immersive experience will be brought to life visually and sonically with the new Sonos Playbase, which is their home theater sound system, and is apparently "incredibly thin," for what that is worth.
"Come and bathe in high-tech sound, feast on unearthly visuals, and let the experience take you on the ultimate trip," songwriter and bassist Murdoc Niccals, a fictional animated rock star based on Keith Richards, "said" in the press release.
The event will launch in Williamsburg on April 21st-23rd in an event space at 39 South 5th Street, then continue in Berlin (April 28th-30th) and Amsterdam (May 6th). Entry to the Brooklyn event is free, and fans can register to attend here.
If you want to get more of a feel for the new album, Gorillaz have already released four singles from it (well, five if you count the previously-released anti-Trump ode "Hallelujah Money"). That includes "Saturn Beatz," which gives you an idea of what kind of funky stuff you'll find in these spirit houses.
My two favorite tracks so far are "Ascension" and "Andromeda," both of which you can listen to below.
Are there fewer thunderstorm-related private airplane crashes now than there were before Nexrad was beamed into almost every cockpit?
The answer is yes, no and maybe. The reason for the vacillation is the simple fact that we have little or no information on exposure. Given what we do have, and given the raw number of this type of accident then and now, I think it is pretty safe to say there has been no significant change in the relative rate of thunderstorm-related accidents.
In 1982, when writing about thunderstorm accidents, I noted that there always seems to be a spike around the 4th of July. There were apparently two in close proximity to the 4th in 2017, 35 years later. To me, these were particularly sad because one involved fathers and sons flying together and the other one grandparent and grandchildren flying together. The airplanes involved were a 1979 Cessna 421 and a 1966 Piper Aztec. From news reports, it appears that the airframe failed in flight in both cases. More about airplanes and thunderstorms later.
When we first got Nexrad in the cockpit, there was much talk about the fact that the picture seen on the screen is a bit behind the true picture. To begin, it was said that this could be as much as 20 minutes. That number was later pared down to as short as four minutes. Whatever, a lag is a lag and this can be important when dealing with something as dynamic as cumulonimbus clouds.
I was motoring along at 17,000 feet one summer afternoon, headed home to Maryland from Sporty's in Ohio. The building cumulus were there, well below, but I would be coming up over the mountains shortly, where cumulus development is usually enhanced.
I saw an ambitious cu ahead and a peek through my sight level suggested it would soon grow through my altitude. There was nothing on Nexrad. I thought about going higher but decided to stay put and skirt by the cloud.
As I flew closer, the top of the cloud was well above 17,000 and it appeared to be growing rapidly.
The cloud top was probably well above 20,000 feet when I passed by and there was a smudge of green shown on Nexrad. Close visual examination suggested that it was an angry cloud and certainly no place to fly.
I was several minutes past the cloud when yellow started showing and within a few more minutes there was some red. That cloud was clearly blossoming into a cumulonimbus.
The important things learned were that the lag in the Nexrad display this day was maybe ten minutes and that a cloud can be mean enough to beat the heck out of you long before it shows on the display.
I thought about this when reading NTSB's probable cause of a recent thunderstorm-related accident: Contributing to this accident were the pilot's continued flight into forecast adverse weather conditions, and his reliance on weather technologies with known limitations and processing delays.
The NTSB looked at the information available to the pilot on his weather display and at the actual weather in the area and said that it was likely that the pilot flew into a developing rain shower and updraft and that it would have been difficult for the pilot's equipment to pick up this new rain shower development. What the pilot apparently saw on the screen was heavy rain and thunderstorms to the north and west of the accident flight track and not much where he was flying.
When conditions are ripe for thunderstorm development, the flying conditions can go from good to bad quite quickly.
One of the basics of using radar information is to gauge the strength of a storm and the potential for turbulence based on the gradient, or the distance involved in going from no precip to heavy precip. If the picture turns red or magenta or whatever is used for the highest rainfall rate, in a short distance, it is likely a strong, mean storm.
The rain itself is not the problem. What the picture just described suggests is that the distance between the warm moist air rushing in to construct the storm and the air cascading downward with the rain is short and the wind shear turbulence in that area will be severe.
Think about rapids in a river: The water is moving over rocks that are stationary yet there is a lot of disturbance. If the rocks were moving in the opposite direction, as is the case with the in/out air in a storm, the disturbance would be greatly magnified. So, even if shooting rapids in a canoe is your excitement, doing double or more than that in a light airplane might be more excitement than you can stand.
I have heard pilots say they were going to pick their way through an area of thunderstorms and while there is no doubt that many are successful, it is still a crap shoot. It can be a maelstrom in there and, especially if your weather information is from Nexrad, the best practice is to avoid areas of thunderstorms. Close work is never a good idea but if it has to be done, airborne weather radar is the best tool.
Everybody has heard tales of thunderstorm penetrations and this used to be openly discussed in airline and especially military flying.
I worked for a while as a Link Instructor at a USAF contract school, teaching instrument flying to aviation cadets and student officers. The year was 1954 and Air Force Manual 51-37 (Restricted) was the bible. Read what it had to say about thunderstorms:
Sometime in the course of a pilot's career he will be required to fly through a thunderstorm because of the importance of a military mission, or when there is no other possible route of flight. It is essential, therefore, that a pilot understand and employ the proper techniques for safe flight through a thunderstorm. On the first fight through a thunderstorm the pilot does not usually find any path that seems desirable. If he keeps cool, however, he will undoubtedly discover that his fear (and that is what it is) does not result from the actual predicament of the moment. He is afraid of imaginary dangers that lie ahead: things unseen, things that could happen. Passage through some thunderstorms is rough, the rain is heavy, lightning brilliant, turbulence is usually moderate to severe, and the hazards of ice and hail can be expected. These conditions, plus the possibility of structural failure within the aircraft, resulting from overcontrolling by the pilot, demand constant attention. Proper technique and procedure, however, will minimize or eliminate the dangers.
Sound like fun so far? The manual goes on to outline the recommended procedures best employed in an actual thunderstorm penetration. This was prepared in 1951 and was based on the experience of all the flying that was done in World War Two, flying that was done by young low-time pilots who had to fly with the mindset that if a thunderstorm got in the way of an important mission, fly through it. Do it right and you might come through unscathed. (I got one Amazon hit on AFM 51-37 so if you want a look at this publication you might give that a try. Or, eBay might yield one. I have always treated my copy, issued to me by the USAF, as a rare treasure.)
So how did they tell those kids to behave in a thunderstorm? I'll share a couple of quotes.
The least amount of severe turbulence is found at or below 6,000 feet above the average surrounding terrain.
This was taken as gospel for years and many pilots think it is still true. However, the only jet airliner (a BAC 1-11) to suffer a structural failure around thunderstorm activity was lost in an attempted low-altitude squall line penetration. Lower wasn't better that day.
The roll cloud, which is undeserving of the reputation for containing severe turbulence, is found near the 6,000 foot level, and at that altitude the turbulence is not severe. Severe turbulence can be found at any altitude if the right conditions exist; however, at the lower altitudes, gusts occur less frequently.
They really did believe that and I knew more than one contract flight instructor who flew a T-6G into a summer thunderstorm to try to prove that was true.
There has been a great lot of research done on the subject since 1951 and we have had the benefit of learning from thousands of thunderstorm-related accidents in all types of airplanes. One thing that has proven to be true over and over is that old manual's observation that severe turbulence can be found at any altitude.
One thing I have always thought about when studying thunderstorm crashes is the USAF admonition to keep cool. That is still a key these many years later. In some accounts of thunderstorm accidents it seems like the pilot either panicked, or, simply gave up.
When considering light, under 6,000 pounds MTOW, airplanes and thunderstorms the first thing to understand is that while one of these airplanes flown by a skilled pilot might make it through a garden-variety storm, the strong stuff is mostly out of the question.
Before I go into the gust tolerance of our airplanes, consider the superlative downburst that has become lore. If I recall correctly, it occurred near Andrews AFB (close to Washington, DC) and the number was 6,000 feet per minute. The corresponding updrafts would likely not have been quite as strong but such a condition would make the design gust of 30 or 50 fps (1,800 to 3,000 fpm) for Part 23 airplanes seem a tad puny. If you wonder about the 30 or 50, the first number is for original certifications before the early 1970s and the second for airplanes developed after that time.
The majority of the airplanes in the fleet today are covered by the lower design gust strength but a change in calculating the onset of the gust meant that the airplane designed to 50 fps is probably not much stronger that the one designed for 30 fps because the lower number was based on an instantaneous onset where the higher number considered a slightly more gradual onset.
The good news is that the incidence of an airframe failing because of a vertical gust encounter in or around a thunderstorm is relatively rare, especially if the airspeed is anywhere near Va, maneuvering speed, where the airplane will stall as the limit load factor is reached.
There is a lot of logic involved when considering the strength of the airplane in relation to turbulence. For example, the airplane will do best when the span loading is pretty equal, or, tanks full and weight brought up to maximum with cabin load. Burn up most of the fuel and there is more weight in the cabin and less in the wings so there's more bending load on the wings when you pop a vertical gust. That is why maneuvering speed is lower at lighter weights.
Some airplanes have a maximum zero fuel weight. That means what it says, all weight above that value has to be in fuel, and that weight is established to keep wing bending loads under control in turbulence.
The bigger question in light airplanes is controllability. Larger airplanes have higher wing loading so they just naturally do better in convective turbulence. I rode through a thunderstorm on the cockpit jump seat in a Boeing 727 and while it certainly was not a good ride it wasn't the wild ride that it would have been in a small airplane with lighter wing loading.
I have always thought that the size of the airplane has as much to do with the response to turbulence as does wing loading. When the wind shear turbulence created by the in/out air interaction of a thunderstorm is visualized, there is a lot of rolling and tumbling in there. A smaller airplane might, in its entirety, be within one of those rolls and tumbles momentarily which could mean the available control authority would not be adequate to overcome the rolling and/or pitching moment. That too would pass but it might well leave the airplane in an unusual attitude. The slower the airplane, too, the longer it would be in that bad spot.
If you have ever watched cockpit video of a jet fighter penetrating a thunderstorm, it looks like a wham-bam-boom affair that lasts only seconds. At slower speeds it would last for a lot longer with the only good news being that the area of the greatest vertical wind shear in a storm comes as the heaviest precipitation is encountered and can't last too long.
The critical thing is to maintain control. When you think back to the pilots that AFM 51-37 was addressing, they had all been exposed to aerobatics so they were accustomed to using whatever control was necessary and they had the ability to return the airplane to wings-level flight from any attitude.
Many private pilots don't even move the controls through the complete range before takeoff and there are a lot of landing accidents, especially in crosswind conditions, where the control authority to solve the problem was there, but the pilot didn't use it and lost control. Most pilots never see a level of turbulence where full use of the controls is required to maintain control and keep the wings level but it can happen.
In thunderstorm accidents, the sequence usually starts with a loss of roll control. That is why keeping the wings as level as possible is primary. If roll control is lost, the natural tendency of the airplane is to enter a spiral dive where the airspeed increases rapidly and is soon outside the envelope. Then the airplane is in a condition where either turbulence or use of the controls can cause a structural failure.
In accident reconstruction, they go to great lengths to determine the sequence of the failures when the airframe lets go. That might be useful for a lot of things but it does nothing for the people who were in the airplane because the outcome is the same whether the wings or the horizontal tail is the point of the first failure. (Vertical tail failures have come first but that is quite rare.)
May reading about it be your closest encounter to all this.
In closing, I offer one more quote from Air Force Manual 51-37. It was put there for a reason and, given the average age of the private airplane fleet, the words are a bit like rolling a hand grenade under the old bunk but perhaps they are food for thought.
An airplane that is over ten years old cannot be expected to withstand the same stresses that a newer one can.
I do wonder if the USAF has told the pilots who are flying their grandfather's B-52s and KC-135s about that.
The bizarre sex doll craze sweeping across Europe has reached Germany, with the country's first sex doll-only brothel opening for business.
Evelyn Schwarz, 29, runs the aptly named 'Bordoll' in Dortmund - a fusion of the words 'bordello' and 'doll'.
Originally looking into S&M, Schwarz instead decided to buy 11 silicone 'love dolls' - each of which she gave a unique name.
The five stone sex dolls are imported from Asia and cost her €2,000 (£1,786) each.
Germany's first sex-doll only brothel has opened for business featuring a red-headed 'love doll' and an anime-style doll
Evelyn Schwarz, 29, runs the aptly named 'Bordoll' in Dortmund (pictured), a portmanteau of the words 'bordello' and 'doll'
They all have different heights, hair colours and breast sizes. One sex doll is even made to look exactly like a blue-haired Japanese anime character.
It has been such a success that the dolls are booked around 12 times a day, costing €80 (£71) per hour.
Schwarz said: 'For many it is not a fetish, but more of a curiosity.'
She added: 'Actually I was looking for colleagues with good knowledge of German for the S&M scene, because for these practices communication is very important. But I did not find any.'
The brothel operator said that men of every age and profession from all across Germany have flocked to her brothel.
Schwarz said: 'From those on benefits to judges. Seventy percent of men also come back.'
Evelyn Schwarz, 29, runs the aptly named 'Bordoll' in Dortmund. She is pictured preparing one of the dolls at the brothel
The dolls all have different heights, hair colours and breast sizes
Bizarrely, Schwarz said that the wives of many brothel visitors are reacting 'with tolerance' to their desires and are often seen 'waiting outside in the car' while their husband is having sex with a doll.
She said: 'They see it as a toy.'
Schwarz has only had one bad experience at her brothel so far, when an overly excited customer broke a doll, 'Anna' - the most popular one in the establishment.
Schwarz said she had to order a new one.
According to reports, sex industry experts estimate that people with a fetish for sex dolls are a growing group, and that they expect more dolls to be made available by brothels.
Austrian psychologist Gerti Senger explained why some men are more interested in sleeping with sex dolls instead of a real woman.
Senger said: 'First, the man can do anything with the doll. Second, every intention is turned off, which can be a factor with a prostitute.'
But Senger, who is a co-chair at the Austrian Society for Sexual Research, said that she was shocked by some dolls being more popular than real prostitutes and called it 'a real autistic tendency'.
It was reported earlier this year that sex doll 'Fanny' became the top-selling superstar of the 'Kontakthof' brothel in the Austrian capital of Vienna, getting more customers than the real prostitutes.
At the Ars Electronica Festival in the city of Linz, an interactive silicone sex doll named 'Samantha' became so popular that it broke down because so many visitors groped its breasts and soiled its body.
In Germany, a new brothel has now opened that caters exclusively to those who are attracted to plastic sex dolls.
The significance of reach in boxing goes way back to the early beginnings of the sport. Legend has it that Dan Donnelly, one of the pioneers in professional boxing and the first Irish-born heavyweight champion, had the longest arms in boxing history and could literally touch his knees without bending down. It was believed that this contributed greatly to this undefeated boxer's success in the ring.
Normally, the average reach of a person usually correlates with his or her height. However, most boxers have an arm span that is significantly longer than their height. The average reach of a boxer is usually 2.5” longer than a normal man his height. This is not to say boxing increases one's reach. It just happens that longer armed humans have an advantage in boxing and hence tend to become boxers, but this is not absolute.
You don't have to be a rocket scientist to appreciate the importance of reach or arm span in boxing. Basically, it allows you to stay on the outside and pepper your opponent with jabs. It is an advantage both offensively and defensively because a long jab, when used properly, can set up attacks and keep an aggressive opponent at bay.
It comes as no surprise that a good percentage of the best fighters in history have enjoyed a significant reach advantage over most of their opponents. Of course, there are exceptions like Mike Tyson and Rocky Marciano who were so good at fighting on the inside that their reach disadvantage didn't affect them that much.
It's one thing having a long reach and another thing being able to make full use of it. At 6'3", Bryant Jennings has an unbelievable reach of 84". He has a reach advantage over heavyweight champions Anthony Joshua and Deontay Wilder despite being significantly shorter. Unfortunately, he wasn't able to take full advantage of his reach when it mattered the most against Wladimir Klitschko.
Being tall usually comes with a long reach. It was believed that one of the tallest men in the history of boxing, Ewart Potgieter, who stood at 7'2”, had a whopping 94” reach. However, this is not always the case. A good example is Canadian super heavyweight boxer, Jean-François Bergeron, who despite standing at 6'5” has the average reach of a 6'1” man.
There are also cases of short boxers with an extraordinary reach like Jimmy Bivins who was rumored to have a 79” reach despite being only 5'9” tall. Below are 15 champions with the most impressive reach to ever step in the ring.
On 21 October, over 1.3 million workers took part in a general strike called by a number of base trade unions (USB, S.I. Cobas, Unicobas, Adl Cobas, Cub Lazio) and joined by many organisations and local groups throughout Italy.
The strike was a political one, and it was called to protest against the Bossi-Fini migration law, EU policies and Matteo Renzi's government's most contested measures: the Labour reform known as Jobs Act, the Constitutional Reform, the ‘Good School' reform of primary and secondary school, and the 2016 Budget Law.
The main aim was to block the centers of the biggest Italian cities and to disrupt the normal operations of the logistics sector, still in uproar after the shocking death of worker and trade unionist Abdelssalam Eldanf, killed the night between September 14 and 15 during a strike in Piacenza. In whichever square or street logistics workers have assembled, this has been the main subject.
None of the three main Italian trade unions (CGIL-CISL-UIL) joined the strike in any way, confirming the growing distance between them and the more combative base trade unions in how they struggle for workers' rights as well as a different attitude towards the upcoming referendum (CGIL has shyly taken the ‘No' side while CISL has sided with ‘Yes' and UIL is still undecided).
As usually happens when the Italian base trade unions call a strike, around 60% of logistics and transport workers came out, with peaks in the urban transport services of Rome, Bologna and Naples. The airports of Rome, Pisa, Bologna, Milan and Naples were affected.
The participation of the logistics workers stopped operations in Padua, Rome, Piacenza, Milan, Turin and Verona.
In Rome the strike was joined by those who are protesting against the newborn Movimento 5 Stelle local government, which is clamping down on housing and social occupations. The demonstration ended up in an ‘acampada' (tented occupation) in San Giovanni Square, renamed for this occasion ‘Abdelssalam Square, after the worker and trade unionist who was killed very recently.
In Pontedera, near Pisa, the workers of the Piaggio plant blocked the railroad, while students in Palermo also marched through the city. City marches were also held in Florence and Rome.
The strike and the marches were not covered by national radio, national television or the main newspapers, with the exception of Il Manifesto and a few others. Usb, Unicobas and Usi complained to both Agcom, the regulator and competition authority for the communication industries, and Rai national television about the ‘cloak of silence' hiding information about the strike from the public.
The general strike was extended on Saturday 22nd: in Rome, for the national “No Renzi Day” demonstration, a total of 40,000 workers marched through the city. The demonstration was the first organised by the ‘Social No National Committee', a group of parties and movements that link the proposed constitutional reform to the neoliberal policies of Matteo Renzi's government.
Among the movements and political parties that joined the demonstration and the National Committee were the No-TAV Movement, the Communist Refoundation Party, the Social Center Cortocircuito, as well politicians and artists, such as Moni Ovadia, Naples' mayor Luigi de Magistris, writer Valerio Evangelisti and former partisan Lidia Menapace.
The ‘Social No' is particularly endorsed by Giorgio Cremaschi, former President of the CGIL-affiliated Metalworkers Trade Union, FIOM, who left CGIL because of the management of its current Secretary Susanna Camusso. He traces the origin of the reform of the 1948 post-fascism Constitution to the neoliberal policies which have played such a central role in Italy since 1980. Cremaschi believes that the 1948 Constitution of the Republic has its roots in the antifascist Resistance, while Renzi's reform is based on Italy's social and cultural regression over the last 30 years. The reform would be the summary, conclusion and settlement of this authoritarian project. It is impossible, according to Cremaschi, to separate the constitutional reform from this government and its political leader Renzi. It is also misleading not to understand the economic and social targets of the reform, the ones asked for by the bank JP Morgan. He claims that voting ‘No' to the reform would respect the 1948 Constitution, and this ‘No' must be a social one as well as a political one.
The Social No National Committee will hold its next national demonstration on 27 November, and is encouraging a popular and general mobilization against Renzi's constitutional reform.
Sources:
Advertisements
KIEV (Reuters) - Ukraine said on Monday it had reached a “mutual understanding” with Moscow on parts of a plan proposed by President Petro Poroshenko for ending violence in the east of the country.
An old woman looks from inside a car with bullet holes and shattered windows as she flees fighting in the eastern Ukrainian town of Slaviansk June 9, 2014. REUTERS/Gleb Garanich
Kiev gave no details and Russia did not comment directly but two days of talks, following a brief encounter in France last week that broke the ice between Poroshenko and Russian President Vladimir Putin, have given momentum to peace moves.
German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier said in a statement released in Berlin that there was “some faint light at the end of the tunnel” in the Ukraine conflict for the first time in months.
The Ukrainian Foreign Ministry said in a brief statement in Kiev that Russian and Ukrainian representatives had met three times in the past two days to discuss Poroshenko's plan to end an insurrection by pro-Russian separatists in the east.
“As a result of the work, the sides reached a mutual understanding on key stages of the implementation of the plan and on a list of priorities which will contribute to a de-escalation of the situation in the Donetsk and Luhansk regions of Ukraine,” it said.
The talks are being mediated by the Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe, the Vienna-based security and human rights watchdog, but almost no details of Poroshenko's plan or the talks have been made public.
It was not even clear who took part in Monday's meetings, although the Ukrainian leader was present at Sunday's talks and said that the violence must end this week.
“Each day when people die, when Ukraine pays such a high price, is inadmissible for me,” his office quoted him as saying.
Poroshenko, who was sworn in on Saturday, has called for daily meetings of the “contact group” and the Foreign Ministry said the talks would continue.
EBB IN FIGHTING
Scores of people have been killed since April in east Ukraine, including separatists and government forces, and Russian speakers there are suspicious of Poroshenko and the new, pro-Western government in Kiev.
But fighting has ebbed in the past few days, despite renewed shelling of rebels in the city of Slaviansk, and Russia and Ukraine signaled last week they hoped to resolve a dispute over the price Kiev pays for Russian gas and its gas debts.
Failure to secure a deal, though, would fuel tension again because Moscow has threatened to turn off the taps on Tuesday if there was no agreement at the latest meeting in Brussels.
As the EU gets about a third of its gas imports from Russia, almost half of it via Ukraine, its member states could also suffer from supply disruptions.
In Finland, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said the government in Ukraine and the EU had to work more constructively to end the crisis in Ukraine, but also expressed some hope.
“I believe that the newly-chosen Ukrainian President Poroshenko's contacts (with Western leaders) can lead to violence being stopped and internal dialogue beginning,” he told a news conference with Finnish Foreign Minister Erkki Tuomioja.
Putin and Poroshenko had 15 minutes of talks during a World War Two anniversary events in France last week, their first meeting since the crisis flared in February after the overthrow of Ukraine's Moscow-leaning president, Viktor Yanukovich.
Yanukovich fled to Russia, which annexed the Crimea region from Ukraine a month later, deepening Moscow's worst standoff with the West since the end of the Cold War and the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991.
Poroshenko has set course towards Europe since being elected president on May 25, and stepped up a military operation to take back buildings seized by the separatists in towns and cities in mainly Russian-speaking east Ukraine.
Germany's Steinmeier, who will meet Lavrov and the Polish foreign minister in St Petersburg on Tuesday, said he would “sound out how the positive momentum of recent days can be used to make the process of de-escalation irreversible”.
Share. Would you recognize if you were abusing the hobby you love? Would you recognize if you were abusing the hobby you love?
Like the majority of men my age, I've been a gamer for as long as I can remember. But it has always been cyclical. I've never given up games entirely, but at certain points in my life the hobby has faded into the background. My gaming might be a few runs of Jetpack Joyride instead of hours spent in Minecraft. During those light periods gaming was squeezed in between my wife, movies, work and the rest of my life.
But at other times I would lose myself in games entirely. I would “fall down the rabbit hole” and obsessively play World of Warcraft, Halo or that week's hot new game. I would play it every free moment (and some moments that weren't free). When I wasn't playing it, I was thinking about it. This would go on for weeks. If the game's luster wore off, I would turn my attention to the next hot thing, sure that it would be the one to scratch this compulsive itch I couldn't put my finger on.
I used to think my experience was normal. Sometimes I was just more into games than others. So what, right? It wasn't until very recently that I realized, somewhat horrified, what was actually happening with this pattern of behavior.
“ These gaming binges corresponded to the periods in my life when things in the real world weren't going my way.
The epiphany I had was that these gaming binges corresponded to the periods in my life when things in the real world weren't going my way. I was using video games as a security blanket.
Games, especially modern ones, revolve around the principle that if you put the time in, you will be rewarded. Many gamers claim to not understand how anyone could put up with grinding in a video game. But grinding is comforting. Grinding tells us that, no matter what, if you keep playing you'll become more powerful. If you keep playing, you'll earn enough money to buy the things you want. If you keep playing, you'll gain access to more levels and items and goodies.
If something is too hard, you're guaranteed a level-up in just a few more minutes.
It's a comforting thought, isn't it? Just put in the time, and you will do nothing but progress. You will win. You can do everything. There are no paths closed off to you. You know that moment when you learn a game has a system where unused skills will degrade or weapons will break down, or that a game has an unadvertised "point of no return," and you recoil at the thought? That's you wanting to have it all and keep all the progress you ever make.
The real world does not operate this way. You can “grind” at a job for 10 years and still be laid off. You can “grind” at your physical health your whole life but if you switch to an unhealthy lifestyle you will immediately begin losing this progress.
“ If textbooks had achievements we'd all be geniuses.
Gamers have jokingly quipped that if textbooks had achievements, we'd all be geniuses. But the fact is… that's probably true. These days everything is a game.
So it's easy to understand why someone that feels powerless in the real world would turn to virtual worlds. Why people that get laid off turn to MMOs. Why people that have trouble in social situations might find comfort in The Sims. This is the trap that I have fallen into several times in my life.
“ This retreat into the world of video games is dangerous because it causes people to ignore their life exactly when it needs their attention the most.
My subconscious has apparently been making decisions for years that I had never truly stopped to think about. I was hiding behind the success of my digital heroes and taking pride in my virtual accomplishments to avoid confronting my real-world problems and shorcomings. The reason this retreat into the world of video games is dangerous is because it causes people to ignore their life exactly when it needs their attention the most. It is engaging in self-destruction exactly when you need self improvement!
There are a limitless number of healthy reasons to play and enjoy video games. To recapture a sense of adventure. To compete. To exercise your brain. Or turn it off and just relax.
But I believe the empowering and interactive nature of video games makes them easier to abuse, and easier to consume for unhealthy reasons. I also believe video games are a more attractive leisure activity for individuals with obsessive leanings, or individuals with unhealthy tendencies towards destructive escapism. Fantasy and escapism aren't inherently bad, but neither can come at the expense of confronting and embracing reality and living a responsible life.
“ Games create safe spaces for kids to experiment and express themselves.
There is absolutely nothing inherently wrong with video games. Besides all the legitimate leisure-related reasons to enjoy the hobby I touched on above (and leisure time is absolutely essential), games also create safe spaces for people, especially kids, to experiment and express themselves. They provide safe, consequence-free places to fail.
Video games also help players discover things about themselves. What kind of person do you want to be? When given free range to make dialogue choices or build a world, what do you create? People that would never pick up a paintbrush can do incredible things when given the right tools.
All the good that games can do aside, what I have learned is that it's important for gamers to understand their own motivations. I don't believe anyone needs to stop playing video games, or necessarily even cut back. But everyone should strive to understand his or her own compulsions.
It's important for gamers to have mastery of their own mind. Are you grinding out a level in World of Warcraft because you're truly enjoying the experience, or are you doing it to replace missing feelings of self-worth that you don't want to confront? Do you revel in your virtual successes to avoid the uncomfortable internal dialogue regarding your abandoned gym routine?
Are you playing games because you're having fun, or because you have an unconfronted fear of failure?
Justin is Editor of IGN Wireless. He thinks a lot about the role video games play in his life & in modern culture. You can follow him on Twitter and IGN. For a more upbeat look at video games, read Why Video Games Matter.
I've started working on putting interpretation pages on Wiktenauer. I've chosen Figueyredo Greatsword Simple Rule 1 to preview the format.
In order to make the interpretations easy to find without being obtrusive, my proposal is to place a simple link at the bottom of the technique's translation.
The interpretation page itself will start with just a link back the to manual it refers to. Below that will be headings for written interpretations, video interpretations, and related forum discussions.
As a reminder, this is rule for videos on Wiktenauer:
Technique interpretational videos will be included at the bottom of every technique page. Only post one video per group. Also note that videos are expected to be of reasonable quality. Be sure that you can be clearly heard while speaking (or include subtitles), that you are actually demonstrating the technique and not just atlking about, and that users can easily see what you are demonstrating.
I would like to finalize the format ASAP so that we can use it for the April video challenge. So please post your questions and suggestions right away.
Advertisements
A larva of swallowtail butterfly Papilio xuthus which resembles bird droppings (left) in the early stages of development and one that resembles its host leaves (right) just before it transforms into a butterfly is seen in this undated handout photo. Japanese scientists have discovered that a hormone known as juvenile hormone is the secret behind these dramatic changes. REUTERS/Handout/Ryo Futahashi
CHICAGO (Reuters) - A hormone is the secret behind the unusual ability of young swallowtail caterpillars to disguise themselves as bird droppings and then copies of the leaves they live on before becoming butterflies, Japanese researchers found.
Writing on Thursday in the journal Science, the researchers said a special hormone — juvenile hormone — keeps larvae of the butterfly Papilio xuthus, which is commonly found in Japan, in their black and white bird-excrement camouflage.
As they reach the last stage of caterpillar development, levels of this hormone drop, triggering a transformation into the green leaf phase.
“We found that juvenile hormone works as a switch for the camouflage pattern. That is a novel aspect of this hormone,” Haruhiko Fujiwara of the National Institute of Agrobiological Sciences in Japan, who worked on the study, said in an e-mail.
Juvenile hormones are known to regulate many aspects of insect development including molt — when an insect sheds its outer shell — and metamorphosis — as when a caterpillar becomes a butterfly, he said.
What Fujiwara and colleagues discovered, however, was that juvenile hormone also appears to govern this camouflage process. He said the hormone may regulate genes involved in color, pattern and surface formation.
As for the bird-poop disguise, Fujiwara said it likely keeps the larvae safe from hungry birds until they are more mobile, but they did not study this.
A note from the editors: This historically important article, while now outdated, predicted the age of web fonts.
CSS is ten years old this year. Such an anniversary is an opportunity to revisit the past and chart the future. CSS has fundamentally changed web design by separating style from structure. It has provided designers with a set of properties that can be tweaked to make marked-up pages look right—and CSS3 proposes additional properties requested by designers.
Article Continues Below
Share this on
Many CSS properties, both old and new, deal with text: they describe text color, position, style, and direction. This is all very good—after all, text fills most of our screens. But in order for properties to reach their full potential, we need a good selection of fonts. And fonts are sorely missing from the web.
Consider the fine designs in the CSS Zen Garden. What makes them so exciting to look at? In part, it is the variety of fonts. Fonts convey design messages and create effect, and while in traditional print design there are a plethora of fonts available, fonts have been in limited supply on the web. Web designers depend on ten or so universally available fonts for their designs, and are reduced in large part to using Verdana and Arial over and over again. A typical CSS Zen Garden design, on the other hand, uses a hand-picked font to render text and aligns the glyphs to a pixel-perfect degree…and then uses that text as a background image.
A background image!
There are many reasons why background images should not be used to convey text. Images are expensive to transmit and hard to make. Imagine trying to translate a web page into 15 languages and having to produce a set of images for each language. Additionally, the quality of printed web pages suffers as images don't scale to the resolutions offered by modern printers. Using background images is currently the only way designers can use their favorite fonts on the web. But shouldn't web designers have access to a wider selection of fonts and be able to use them without having to resort to creating background images?
There is a way: web fonts. Instead of making pictures of fonts, the actual font files can be linked to and retrieved from the web. This way, designers can use TrueType fonts without having to freeze the text as background images.
A brief history of web fonts
This is not a new idea. In 1998, CSS2 described a way to link to fonts from style sheets, and both Microsoft and Netscape added support for web fonts in their browsers. However, neither vendor supported the most widely used font format, TrueType. Instead, they each picked a different, little-used format with few tools to support it (EOT and TrueDoc, respectively). And so web fonts disappeared from the designer's toolbox.
Better news
It's a pleasure for me to announce that web fonts are back! Here are some recently generated examples that show how a familiar document can be rendered when TrueType web fonts are available:
Screenshot of web page using real TrueType fonts. PDF (via Prince). HTML (via your browser).
Screenshot of web page using real TrueType fonts. PDF (via Prince). HTML (via your browser).
Screenshot of web page using real TrueType fonts. PDF (via Prince). HTML (via your browser).
The PDF (and image) examples shown in this article have been produced by Prince 6, a web-to-PDF-through-CSS renderer. (The Macintosh version must be installed via Terminal. Instructions are included in a ReadMe file. —Ed.) Prince is currently the only program that supports TrueType web fonts, but it provides the proof of concept we need to begin thinking seriously about web fonts—and to begin advocating for their implementation in common web browsers. Before we get to that, though, let's take a look at the code beneath these examples.
(Disclosure: I'm on the board of YesLogic, the company behind Prince. Being on the board is a neat way of pushing for your favorite features to be implemented.)
The examples are coded in HTML and CSS only; no images are involved. CSS3 multi-column layouts and rounded borders have been added for good measure, but they are not essential to the designs. Each example uses four different web fonts. The style sheets point to web font files which are fetched before the documents are rendered.
Web fonts: the code you'll use
Here is a simple example of how to use web fonts (Line wraps marked » —Ed.):
@font-face { font-family: "Kimberley"; src: url(http://www.princexml.com/fonts/larabie/ » kimberle.ttf) format("truetype"); } h1 { font-family: "Kimberley", sans-serif }
Those familiar with CSS syntax will recognize the last line. The @font-face construct may not be familiar, however it's easy to explain: as the “Kimberley” font is requested, the font file is fetched from the specified URL. The syntax is described in the CSS2 specification.
To avoid long lists of @font-face declarations in the style sheet, they can be hidden using @import (Line wraps marked » —Ed.):
@import url(http://www.princexml.com/fonts/ » larabie/index.css) all; h1 { font-family: Goodfish, serif }
The TrueType files used in the examples above are designed by Ray Larabie. He is a renowned font designer who has made hundreds of interesting TrueType fonts freely available for use on the web. His fonts are elegant, decorative, and playful.
Dieter Steffmann is another great font designer. He, too, has made many beautiful fonts available for anyone to use. Below are some examples that use his fonts:
Screenshot of web page using real TrueType fonts. PDF (via Prince). HTML (via your browser).
Screenshot of web page using real TrueType fonts. PDF (via Prince). HTML (via your browser).
Screenshot of web page using real TrueType fonts. PDF (via Prince). HTML (via your browser).
Getting more complicated
When browsers start supporting web fonts, designers will be tempted to adjust more properties than just font-family . In the examples shown above, line-height , letter-spacing , word-spacing , and absolute positioning have been tweaked. This adjustment of other properties works well when the specified fonts are fetched from the web. However, it may have unexpected results in browsers that don't support web fonts, and web designers should always be make sure their pages degrade gracefully.
The most obvious way to ensure graceful degradation is to specify a list of similar font families. For example, Ray Larabie's “Primer Apples” is a charming, stitched font. You can see it used in this example:
Screenshot of web page using real TrueType fonts. PDF (via Prince). HTML (via your browser).
“Primer Apples” has no obvious replacement in the list of fonts normally used on the web. However, the font metrics are quite similar to the ubiquitous “Trebuchet” font which can be specified as an alternative (Line wraps marked » —Ed.):
font-family: "Primer Apples", "Trebuchet MS", » sans-serif;
In a legacy browser without support for web fonts (or multi-column layouts or rounded borders), the second example will look like this:
Screenshot of web page without support for web fonts.
The stitching is gone, but the degradation is graceful.
A proposal to the W3C : a media query for web fonts
To further limit degradation, it would be useful to have a media query for web fonts. Consider this example:
h1 { font-family: "Trebuchet MS", sans-serif; letter-spacing: 0.1em; }@media all and (web-fonts: "truetype") { h1 { font-family: "Primer Apples", sans-serif; letter-spacing: 0.2em; } }
As a result of the media query in the example above, the actual letter-spacing will depend on whether web fonts are supported or not. It is also necessary to specify, in the media query, that support for TrueType is required. The “web-fonts” media query is not in the W3C's current Media Queries specification and it has not been implemented by anyone. But it's a great idea, and very doable.
What does this mean in the real world?
While Prince offers a neat proof-of-concept, common web browsers must also add support for web fonts in order for them to become the next big thing. So why haven't they done so already?
The arguments against web fonts are mostly legal. Fonts are intellectual property and therefore, the argument goes, cannot be published on the web. Although the legal status of font shapes is uncertain, font names are probably covered by copyright law. As such, fonts are similar to copyrighted images and text. To publish copyrighted material on the web, you need permission from the copyright holder. There are a lot of text and images on the web because copyright holders allow it, even encourage it. Likewise, many font designers (including Ray Larabie and Dieter Steffmann, whose fonts I use as examples in this article) allow their fonts to be freely used on the web.
The best argument against web fonts, however, isn't legalities—it's aesthetics. Do we want to wade through web pages displayed in third-rate fonts put together by designers who once used the <blink> tag and created backgrounds with animated GIFs? Probably not. Once web fonts are available, make sure you use a browser in which author style sheets can be turned off. (Another disclosure: That would be Shift+G in Opera.)
Aesthetics also provide a strong argument for web fonts. There are many beautiful and interesting fonts that can improve aesthetics and increase visual variety on the web. Just as I am sometimes stunned by beautiful book designs, I want to be overwhelmed by beautiful web pages. And, I don't want those beautiful pages to be made up of background images.
You can help!
Two things must happen before web fonts can take web design to the next level. First, we must ensure the validity of the approach. Is the subset of CSS2 that has been implemented sufficient? Do we like the CSS code? The best way to help is to play with the existing implementation and report back on your experience.
Second, we must convince browser makers to add support for web fonts. This can be difficult. Browser vendors have lots of specifications and well-intended improvement proposals to choose from. Some of them are also busy fixing bugs. In order for new functionality to make it onto the roadmaps, a compelling story must be told, and a critical mass of developers must voice their support. We can make it happen.
CSS has been around for ten years, and is likely to be around for another decade. Let's finally give it some fonts to work with!
Also in Issue № 244 Put Your Content in My Pocket In this first of two articles on bringing your content to the iPhone, the Iconfactory's Craig Hockenberry offers detailed… Further reading about Code Responsive Comping: Obtaining Signoff without Mockups If you're making websites, chances are you've given some thought to what constitutes a responsive-friendly design… Mo' Pixels Mo' Problems Mobile devices are shipping with higher and higher PPI, and desktops and laptops are following the trend as well. There's no…
Get our latest articles in your inbox. Sign up for email alerts.
Title
Body Cancel
Save
For its first Country in Focus program, the 2017 Berlin Festival could have chosen many countries in the world. Why Mexico? Variety drills down on 10 reasons:
1. World-class talent
Mexico is the third-biggest Oscar-winning nation in the world this decade. Only the U.S. and the U.K. have won more Academy Award trophies. France, with eight Oscars, trails Mexico's 10. Beyond three director Oscars (“Gravity,” “Birdman,” “The Revenant”), Mexico has won two helming trophies at Cannes (2012's “Post Tenebras Lux,” 2013's “Heli”), a Venice Golden Lion and director prize (“Far Away,” “The Untamed”), and a Cannes screenplay award (“Chronic”).
2. Incentive program
Mexico's fiscal incentive, now dubbed Eficine 189, turned 10 in 2016, and has “facilitated a whole new generation of filmmakers with very different propositions,” says Gaz Alazraki, director of 2014 smash hit “We Are the Nobles.” Mexico's newest wave ranges wildly: From mainstream filmmakers (Eugenio Derbez, Marco Polo Constandse, Leonardo Zimbron, Manolo Caro), to genre (“We Are What We Are”), and animation (“Don Gato,” the “Huevos” franchise) to crossover (“Miss Bala,” “After Lucia”), arthouse (“Duck Season”), the radical (Carlos Reygadas), social-issue (“600 Miles”), and even social-issue sci-fi (“The Untamed”). The past 10 years are a very firm reason why Mexico is suddenly a world-market player, Alazraki says.
3. Booming box office
As Mexico's peso drops against the dollar, so do revenues from Mexico to Hollywood. But the drop also makes producing in Mexico more attractive. And Mexican cinema is on a roll. “If I had to use one word for Mexican films' performance last year, it would be ‘incredible,'” says Luis Vargas, ComScore exec director, Latin America. Mexican movies' total box office reached 1.34 billion pesos ($64.1 million), a historical record. In 2015, three Mexican movies earned more than $1 million in Mexico; 14 films, 11 of them comedies, managed that last year. “Mexico has a great comedy tradition which we're recuperating,” says Jorge Sanchez, head of Mexico's Imcine Film Institute. Powered by stable subsidy lines and tax breaks, Mexico produced 158 films in 2016, up from just 14 in 2oo1, another all-time high.
4. Growing U.S. biz for Mexican films
But who really cares about foreign-language movies? Well, Hollywood for starters, if they attract Latino audiences. It was Mexico, not Hollywood, that cracked the Latino movie market with Eugenio Derbez's “Instructions Not Included,” which earned $44.5 million in the U.S. Mexican or Mexican-U.S. movies were the biggest foreign-language hits in the U.S in 2013, 2015, and 2016.
5. Movies that go straight to the jugular
“One Mexican newspaper with a print run of millions always shows ‘the corpse of the week,' and, on the very same page, a picture of a naked woman!” says Emiliano Rocha Minter (“We Are the Flesh”). In Mexico, “life and death have always mixed in exuberant fashion,” he adds. One of the bluntest cinemas in Latin American, it can go for the jugular, depicting primal drives, bitter class-divides, atrocious cruelty (remember that scene in “Heli”?).
6. Vibrant TV scene
After “We Are the Nobles,” Alazraki scored a gig with Netflix directing “Club de Cuervos,” now re-upped for season three. Its success has prompted Netflix to order two more shows and its rivals — Fox, Televisa's Blim, ClaroVideo, TV Azteca — to plow into premium TV fiction, creating the biggest higher-end TV scene in Latin America. “Going into Netflix's ‘Club de Cuervos' ” seasons two and three, “it's hard to find cameras, actors, locations. You have a rotation of below-the-line personnel that was never seen before,” Alazraki says.
7. Docu strength
It is no coincidence that one of the most prominently placed of Mexican films at this year's Berlinale is Everardo Gonzalez's doc feature “Devil's Freedom.” Mexico now has a large and distinguished modern documentary tradition, producing 50 docu-features in 2015. Two examples: Tatiana Huezo's “The Tiniest Place,” and Nicolas Echeveria's triple Guadalajara winner “Echo of the Mountain.”
8. Stable film financing
While state film funding has plunged elsewhere (Spain, Poland, Hungary), or has been thrown into doubt (Brazil), Mexican film funding has proved effective and even looks set to increase in 2017, up to some $8.6 million. Tax break production funding will hold at $31.1 million, Sanchez says.
9. Diverse cultures
“Mexico is one of the five countries with the greatest bio-diversity in the world,” says director Maria Novaro. A growing number of films set out to capture Mexico's diversity, whether it is regional cuisine, stunning landscapes, or coastal paradises, such as Barra de Potosi. The latter is caught in Novaro's memorably marine-toned Berlin Generation player “Tesoros.”
10. Mexico has always been important
And its importance looks set to grow, says Canana's Pablo Cruz. “Mexican iconography — those guys wearing huge hats, for example — has been in the psyche of filmmaking from the near foundations of cinema,” he says. Mexico has never been a stranger to the world's most prestigious festivals, with Luis Buñuel, the living voice of surrealism, choosing to live there, he adds. Now, in an age of VOD giants, “the new frontier starts with alternative languages. We are the No. 1 Spanish-speaking country in the world for cinema and Spanish is one of the most-spoken languages in the world.”
Fox News and the Associated Press are abandoning the so-called National Election Pool, an alliance of news organizations that have commissioned and reported national and state exit polls. | Nicholas Hunt/Getty Images Is this the beginning of the end of the exit poll? Frustration with the much-maligned Election Day fixture boils over.
After another perceived, high-profile miss in last year's presidential election, the Election Day exit poll is on life support.
The Associated Press confirmed Friday it has joined Fox News in abandoning the so-called National Election Pool — the election surveying instrument that the news media, campaign operatives and political junkies have come to love and hate — marking the end of an era when one ubiquitous Election Day survey shaped the understanding of presidential and state election outcomes.
Story Continued Below
The departures of AP and Fox from the 20-year alliance of news organizations that have commissioned and reported national and state exit polls doesn't necessarily sound the death knell for exit polling. The four remaining networks in the pool — ABC News, CBS News, CNN and NBC News -- are locked into the current exit poll regime through the next presidential election.
But they will be facing unprecedented competition — from the AP and Fox News, among others — and the future beyond 2020 remains uncertain.
“I think there will always be a place for asking voters how they voted,” said Joe Lenski, the co-founder and executive vice-president at Edison Research, which conducts exit polls for the National Election Pool.
Morning Score newsletter Your guide to the permanent campaign — weekday mornings, in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
But, he also acknowledged, “We just have to pick the best method for asking them.”
That's becoming increasingly complicated in the days of shrinking media budgets, and with rising percentages of voters who cast their ballot in person weeks before Election Day, or via mail.
The National Election Pool exit poll does attempt to account for in-person early voting, and for mail voting. In states with liberal early-voting laws, the exit-poll samples (which are typically conducted on Election Day outside polling stations) are supplemented with phone surveys in the days leading up to Election Day with people who have already voted. And phone surveys take the place of in-person interviewing in an all-mail battleground state like Colorado.
The AP and Fox News haven't left the playing field: They plan to conduct their own exit polls and other experiments that they hope will more accurately — and efficiently — replace the existing exit poll.
Both the AP and Fox projects eschew the underlying history of exit polls: questioning voters in person as they leave their polling place. Instead, the “Fox News Voter Analysis” in last month's New Jersey and Virginia.gubernatorial races consists of telephone and internet interviews with voters and non-voters alike — “for enhanced analytical purposes,” according to a methodology statement.
The AP experimented in 2016 with capturing voters when they left the polls — though not in person. “The study was designed to use geolocation technology in smartphones to verify that participants had voted, either at Election Day polling places or early-voting centers. Then, they would be sent exit poll questionnaires to complete on their smartphones,” said David Pace, AP's news editor for race calls and special projects, in a press release earlier this year describing the 2016 project.
In a statement to POLITICO, an AP spokeswoman described the organization's exit-poll experiments as ongoing. "AP continues to experiment with alternatives to the traditional exit poll, seeking to match voter research to the ways Americans vote today," said AP spokeswoman Lauren Easton. "We did so during last month's gubernatorial elections, and we plan to experiment in Alabama next week as well."
AP's departure from the pool hasn't come without a cost for the wire service. The four remaining members of the National Election Pool — the three major broadcast networks, plus CNN — are now pooling to receive actual election results from Edison Research, the same company they pay to conduct the exit poll, instead of the AP.
Asked for comment, the AP's Easton said, "AP has been counting the vote since 1848. Thousands of AP member news organizations and customers worldwide rely on AP to count the vote and call races."
The networks have traditionally paid for the exit polls primarily for the purpose of planning their election-night coverage. On a typical presidential or midterm election night, network representatives inform their newsrooms of the earliest results just after 5 p.m. Eastern time. The news organizations use that data to inform the tone of their coverage — and as the data continue to stream in, they may project races before any votes are tallied if the difference between the candidates appears large and decisive.
Political analyst Rhodes Cook said in his time on ABC News' election-night decision desk, they used the exit poll as the first barometer of a specific election until the votes began pouring in. “The [exit] poll was an important guide that was superseded by the actual results as the evening wore on,” said Cook. “Once the votes started coming in, then you had these combinations of the exit poll and the actual results, then you had these actual results take over.”
But the early exit-poll results proved misleading in the 2016 presidential election. Interviewed in the months after the election, journalists described being briefed on the first wave of exit polls that evening and feeling confident Hillary Clinton would defeat Donald Trump.
“They gave us the first wave of exit polls,” Chris Wallace, who was hosting the Fox network coverage, recalled to CNN. “While it didn't flat out say Clinton was going to win, if you read it, you had to think Clinton was going to win."
Fox News cited this when it announced it was leaving the pool earlier this year. “We've had concerns with Election Day exit polling for many years, and this year once again proved that they are problematic,” Jay Wallace, Fox's executive vice president of news, said back in April.
In a recent book, Trump campaign aides Corey Lewandowski and David Bossie described receiving a phone call from Chris Vlasto of ABC News right after 5 p.m. “Trump was down in eight of the eleven states by five to eight points,” they wrote, recounting Vlasto's description of the exit polls. “The news was devastating. A kill shot.” (After the book was published, Vlasto was reprimanded by ABC News for sharing the embargoed exit poll results with one of the campaigns.)
The early exit polls were similarly off in 2004 — in the same direction. Exit polls showed John Kerry ahead of then-President George W. Bush in a number of key states. Kerry's campaign manager, Bob Shrum, famously approached the Massachusetts senator shortly after 7 p.m. and asked, “May I be the first to say, ‘Mr. President?'”
“There has been, particularly in presidential years, something of a Democratic bias in the results, in some areas up to about 5 percentage points,” noted Cook.
With various reinvention attempts in the works, the next presidential election is likely to be the last for the exit poll as we know it.
“The four remaining members have made a commitment to what we do — a financial commitment to what we do, a technological commitment to what we do,” said Lenski. “I have that commitment from them through 2020.”
Image copyright Reuters
The chemist who reinvented the popular party drug ecstasy has died at the age of 88 from liver cancer.
Alexander Shulgin earned his nickname, the Godfather of ecstasy, after honing a way to make the drug - and testing it out on himself to check it had worked.
A Facebook post by his wife and research partner, Ann, said he died "surrounded by family and caretakers and Buddhist meditation music".
He lived out his final years at his home in Northern California.
'The Godfather'
Shulgin began his study of organic chemistry at Harvard University in his teens and, after a stint in the US Navy during World War Two, returned to Berkeley to get his PhD in biochemistry at the University of California.
In his early working career, he joined Dow Chemical Company and, while there, developed the world's first biodegradable pesticide.
But it was while he was pursuing his own research that he began experimenting with psychoactive compounds.
Image copyright PA
He tested out his new creations on himself, inviting small groups of friends to join him in the tasting sessions.
During the swinging '60s, he says he made and tested hundreds of concoctions.
In 1965, he parted company with Dow, but continued his studies and began teaching classes at local universities.
Ecstasy
Nearly a decade later, he came across a compound closely related to what we now call ecstasy or MDMA.
MDMA had been previously synthesised and patented in 1912 by the pharmaceutical company Merck, but was never fully explored within humans.
Shulgin decided to start human trials - again, starting with himself.
Once he had fine-tuned his recipe, he introduced the chemical to a psychologist from Oakland called Leo Zeff.
And Zeff introduced Shulgin to a lay therapist called Ann, who later became Shulgin's wife.
Zeff used small doses of the substance in his practice as an aid to talk therapy, and introduced it to hundreds of psychologists across the nation.
Clubbers have been known to use ecstasy so they can dance for hours. In some cases, people have died from taking ecstasy.
The drugs advice charity Frank says a big problem with ecstasy is that it's rarely pure.
"Regardless of what it looks like and what it is called, you can't be sure what's in a pill or a powder and you can't predict how you'll react," it advises.
Prof David Nutt, professor of neuropsychopharmacology at Imperial College London and a former government adviser, said fewer young people might have died from recreational drug toxicity if society had "listened and learned from Shulgin rather than tried to suppress his knowledge and ideas".
By now we have photographed the majority of famous waterfalls of the world: Angel Falls in Venezuela, Victoria Falls, located on the border of Zambia and Zimbabwe, as well as Iguazu Falls in Brazil and Argentina. Today we'll bring you our virtual tour over Niagara Falls.
We have already made an attempt to shoot Niagara Falls from a regular helicopter but we failed. Unfortunately, our pilot refused to fly to the waterfall closer than a few kilometers despite our approved flight plan. And now, thanks to our colleague Nick Ivanov from Canada, we have a chance to show you Niagara Falls from a close range.
Here are a few facts about Niagara Falls.
At the place where North American Niagara River separates two of the Great Lakes, Erie and Ontario, nature created a magnificent cascade of waterfalls. Each waterfall has its own name: the Horseshoe Falls, the American Falls, and the Bridal Veil Falls. However all of them are known under one name — Niagara Falls. This is the most important landmark of the USA and Canada at the same time, as it separates one country from another.
Great Lakes of North America, Niagara River, and its waterfalls are results of shifting of an ice shield that moved down from the Eastern Canada territory over ten thousand years ago. The glacier crashed everything on its way, deepening and widening riverbeds, and creating or eliminating lakes.
Interestingly enough, the geological characteristics of the area are such that the layers of soil are still moving, even if their movement is not as dramatic any more. During past centuries Niagara Falls have moved eleven kilometers south. According to scientists, the waterfall has been moving with the average speed of one, one and a half meters per year during last 560 years. Today special engineering efforts managed to slow the shifting a little bit.
Photo: Evgueni Strok
On the international scale Niagara Falls is not that high — just 53 meters. Here are few numbers for comparison: Angel Falls in Venezuela drops its water from 807 meters, and Victoria Falls in Zambia and Zimbabwe is 108 meters high. However the width of Niagara Falls is 792 meters. This fact places it together with the widest waterfalls in the world (comparing with Angel and Victoria — 107 and 1800 meters respectively).
These numbers demonstrate how different a waterfall can be. Every one of them is unique. It is also true for the waterfalls that form the Niagara Falls complex.
A small island called Luna separates the American Falls and the Bridal Veil Falls (that truly looks like a bridal wear). Their combined width is about 335 meters. At the same time, there is a giant pile of large sharp rocks at the foot of the American Falls, which makes a visible part of the waterfall 21 meters high.
Being separated by Goat Island, which was formed relatively late (the Niagara River was split into two channels about five hundred years ago), the Horseshoe Falls stands apart from the two. The speed and power of the American Falls are considerably less than those of the Horseshoe Falls, because Goat Island slows down masses of water; and in case of Horseshoe Falls, nothing stands on its way.
Named after deceased herd of artiodactyls, Goat Island is a popular tourist destination as it offers an opportunity to enjoy a spectacular view and also to take pictures of Niagara Falls. Little bridges connect the island with the US mainland and neighboring Luna Island. The Cavern of The Winds, another Niagara attraction, is also located here. From inside the cavern, one can admire the waterfall up close and also feel the power and presence of the big water. And when we say "power" we really mean it — drops of water shower you from head to toe! This is why each tourist receives a raincoat and waterproof footwear at the entrance to the cavern.
Niagara Falls attracts not only millions of tourists, but also those who want to experience extreme sensations. In 1829 Sam Patch became famous as a first man, who jumped from the Horseshoe Falls and survived. Another so-called record was set in 1901 by a 63-year-old Annie Taylor, who went over the waterfall in a barrel. The event of 1960 is rightfully called "The Miracle of Niagara", as a 7-year-old boy accidentally fell down the Horseshoe Falls and survived. Unfortunately, raging waters of Niagara Falls also took many human lives...
Location and position of Niagara Falls doesn't allow a group view of all the waterfalls from one spot. Some people believe that the most spectacular view opens from the Canadian shore; those who travel to Niagara Falls on American side are also satisfied with the picture. And now you have an opportunity to enjoy the magnificent panorama of all waterfalls from the widest possible angle — a bird's eye view — without a risk of getting wet or falling down the stream.
15 November 2013
BBC NI 'had bias against Catholics' during Troubles, claims veteran journalist Dillon BelfastTelegraph.co.uk A legendary BBC NI journalist has accused his former employers of being biased against Catholics and nationalists during the Troubles. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/northern-ireland/bbc-ni-had-bias-against-catholics-during-troubles-claims-veteran-journalist-dillon-36092877.html https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/northern-ireland/article36092873.ece/63cf7/AUTOCROP/h342/2017-09-02_new_34249832_I1.JPG
Email
A legendary BBC NI journalist has accused his former employers of being biased against Catholics and nationalists during the Troubles.
Martin Dillon, who worked as a reporter and producer at the corporation during the worst years of violence, claimed that the BBC "paid scant regard to nationalist culture or social injustice" at that time, so much so that one of his colleagues described himself as the "token Catholic".
The renowned author also revealed that, on getting to Ormeau Avenue, he was amazed to witness senior BBC NI executives holding an annual drinks party with unionist politicians to celebrate the 'Twelfth' parade marching past the building.
And Mr Dillon, an 18-year corporation veteran who introduced the then groundbreaking Talkback programme to Radio Ulster over 30 years ago, further claimed that the Beeb's Northern Ireland newsroom "relied almost exclusively on information supplied by RUC and British Army press offices".
His explosive claims, in a new book about his career out on Monday, were challenged by ex-Radio Ulster chief Don Anderson, who told the Belfast Telegraph that it was actually loyalists, not nationalists, who believed that the BBC was biased against them.
Mr Dillon left Northern Ireland 25 years ago following death threats from paramilitaries and now resides in the USA.
He wrote in Crossing The Line: My Life On The Edge that BBC NI tended to appoint mostly high-profile unionist figures - including a former NI Prime Minister's wife - to the role of Governor, and further accused them of needlessly destroying precious archive film footage of the early days of the Troubles.
"I always felt the BBC did itself a disservice by appointing heavily politicised figures from one community to the role of overseeing broadcasting in Northern Ireland," he writes. Recalling his attempts to retrieve BBC archive film of the late Brian Faulkner, who would become Northern Ireland's most senior politician, marching through a predominantly Catholic area of Co Down in the Fifties - because he "believed the footage of Faulkner provided a singularly potent image of how Unionist and Orange Order triumphalism of the period asserted itself" - Mr Dillon said he was "reliably informed" that it had been gifted to his wife when she retired as BBC NI Governor.
He adds: "I informed Lady Faulkner I needed to locate the film. She was not helpful. At the same time, I discovered that most of BBC Northern Ireland's archive film footage of past political events, including the early days of the Troubles, had been destroyed in the 1970s."
Mr Dillon said that when he mentioned this, "others hinted the archive was destroyed 'by mistake'". They also said "'somebody' had given permission to get rid of unnecessary archive files, and the person charged with the task destroyed a large number of files representing a vitally important record."
Another of the 'Shankill Butchers' author's claims is that a senior BBC NI editorial figure was well-known for refusing to interview a priest in case he upset his friends in the Orange Order. And he reveals: "Others saw Catholics as the source of the violence. These views had the cumulative effect of ensuring BBC news personnel had no lines of communication into the Catholic community."
Mr Dillon said his then boss, Cecil Deeney, "was one of a small number of Catholics working in BBC NI programming, and that "there was some truth" when another colleague, Terry Sharkey, once joked about being a token Catholic at the Corporation.
He admits that he was "amazed" when BBC bosses gathered with unionist politicians and dignitaries to celebrate the Twelfth on the sixth floor of Broadcasting House.
And, during the Ulster Workers Strike in the Seventies, he recalls being "asked by Dick Francis and Ronald Mason to use my paramilitary contacts to acquire UDA passes to get BBC executives through paramilitary roadblocks".
But the award-winning Falls Road native reserved some of his harshest criticism for the late James Hawthorne, BBC Controller in the late Seventies and Eighties, whom he claimed tried to influence the way he reported the contentious Anglo-Irish Agreement.
"A year had passed since the implementation of the Agreement," he writes. "Unionists bitterly opposed it and I found myself facing criticism from some BBC figures for allowing unionists to appear on the airwaves to voice their opposition to it.
"One evening, James Hawthorne summoned me to his office to express his displeasure with my coverage of the Agreement. He stressed that I should not forget I was employed by the British Broadcasting Corporation.
"Without issuing an editorial edict, he was in effect telling me, in an underhand way, to get in line with British government policy."
Don Anderson, who was Mr Dillon's immediate editorial boss at one time, told the Belfast Telegraph that "loyalists did not like the BBC".
"Reporters and camera crews working on the streets were quite often attacked by loyalist crowds because they believed the BBC was biased against them," he said.
"When I was a reporter I was shot at by a loyalist with a revolver. Luckily, it missed."
Mr Anderson added: "Only Martin can say whether or not James Hawthorne told him to adhere to British policy when it came to reporting on the peace process."
Dr Hawthorne, who was controller from 1979 to 1989, died in 2006.
Mr Dillon, now in his late 60s, is one of the foremost chroniclers of the Troubles.
A former Belfast Telegraph reporter, he wrote his first book, Political Murder in Northern Ireland, when he was still working for newspapers.
He joined the BBC in the Seventies as a reporter and was later promoted to programme editor. His books include The Shankill Butchers, The Dirty War and God and the Gun.
A BBC spokesman said: "BBC Northern Ireland is proud of its role in reflecting and serving the entire community.
"Accounts of people and events in the past will sometimes differ - and may even be disputed. We cannot comment on the specifics of an unpublished book at this stage."
Belfast Telegraph
Microsoft have pledged to ‘invest in and support' Skype builds on non-Microsoft platforms, the company has confimed.
The news confirms what many had suspected, and I myself had mooted yesterday: with the purchase of Skype being a business investment as much as a strategical move against its competitors, limiting the number of users – including potential paying users – just wouldn't make sense. And this, logic dictates, should include continued support for Linux.
In an official press release confirming the Skype acquisition Microsoft say: –
“Microsoft will continue to invest in and support Skype clients on non-Microsoft platforms”
With Steve Ballmer himself assuring that having said the above statement, that he ‘means' it, going on to say: –
“We will continue to support non-Microsoft platforms, because it's fundamental to the value proposition of communications.
…fundamental to the value proposition of communications is being able to reach everybody, whether they happen to be on your device or not. And I think that, in fact, will be one of our competitive advantages, both for the Skype communications services, and in fact, for the devices as we move forward.”
Skype now forms a new business division in Microsoft – ‘Skype Microsoft Division' – with Skype CEO as its as president.
With thanks to DM
Winnipeg's Nuit Blanche has grown in size and popularity to the point where more security will likely be needed in future, organizers say.
The seventh annual Nuit Blanche, organized by the not-for-profit Manitoba Culture Days, saw more than 20,000 people hit the streets of Winnipeg to take in art and various events at 92 different art expositions and installations in St. Boniface, downtown and in the Exchange District starting at dusk Sept. 30 and going into the wee hours of Oct. 1.
During this year's event, someone peppers sprayed a crowd gathered for a celebration at Old Market Square in the early hours of Oct. 1. There also have been complaints about large groups of people spilling into the street outside venues.
Melissa Courcelles, project manager with Manitoba Culture Days, said organizers want to boost the event's infrastructure, including security.
"It is really a fun event and we don't want to kill that vibe, but it is getting large and we need to have some things in place," she said.
The event is currently organized by a team of three people.
"We're trying to keep growing the event because the participation has grown so much, but the infrastructure and the operations budget hasn't overly grown."
Planning for 2018
The team is already planning next year's event, and organizers are reaching out to the city and local Business Improvement Zones to help keep the event safe, Courcelles said. They're also looking at the possibility of closing more streets in 2018.
"We did shut down some streets this year, but of course, there are some streets that are a bit hard to shut down because they are fire routes," she said.
Courcelles said overall, this year's Nuit Blanche was a success.
"The attendance was absolutely overwhelming," she said. "It's nice to see that many people downtown and I think the artists had a great experience, too."
Roughly 55,000 people took part in Manitoba Culture Days this year, with 445 free events in Winnipeg and 25 communities outside the city, Courcelles said.
LGBT activist and singer Lady Gaga wowed campaigners in New York City as she opened the weekend's Pride celebrations with a rendition of the National Anthem and a stirring speech.
“When I was in high school and grade school and younger, I was considered to be an outcast and I just couldn't find my place,” Gaga said. “[But] there was a particular crowd who did accept me. There was a particular crowd who made room for me at their table, who held me up when I felt I couldn't, who loved me for exactly who I was. It was you. And to stand here equal to you tonight, it's been a dream of mine since my very first experiences with the LGBT community.”
She also praised the repeal of the Defense of Marriage Act and the striking down on Prop 8 ban on same-sex marriage in California.
Last week, Cher performed at a fundraiser for New York Pride.
This weekend also saw Prides being held in San Francisco and in London. Pride in London featured artists A*M*E and Class A.
“Medical, my ***!” he says, “There's no medical. This is one of the greatest hoaxes of all time.”
New York City Mayor, Michael Bloomberg speaks out about medical marijuana on WOR radio (according to CBS New York.)
Bloomberg does not believe that weed is ever medically necessary, but a survey shows that 76% of doctors worldwide disagree with the mayor: the majority think that marijuana is helpful in treating some medical conditions.
What side are you on?
Medical marijuana is a hoax, or pot can be appropriate for certain illnesses and ailments? What about legalization for recreational use like Colorado and Washington have decided to do?
The topic will probably always be debated without a definitive resolution, but what about a city like New York? A mayor completely disagreeing with a policy that's being adopted in the state (the marijuana decriminalization bill), will Bloomberg's opinion be heard, or does his viewpoint have some catching up to do?
Bloomberg argues that dependency on marijuana will happen whether it's used recreationally or for medical treatment purposes. He also argues that current pot dealers have financial responsibilities and families to feed, so if there is not illegal weed for them to be selling, they will resort to dealing other, more dangerous drugs. Really?
Maybe, but what does that have to do with the people who really benefit from marijuana for a medical condition?
Medical Uses
For people with terminal diseases, who can have a higher quality of life with the use of medical marijuana, what's the harm? Many cancer patients have little to no appetite. Marijuana can decrease nausea and increase the desire to eat again. Is that bad?
What about the young people, though, who seek medical marijuana for anxiety. Is the quality of life really being enhanced enough to justify the use of a drug?
The questions can go on and on, and the debate will no doubt continue. What side are you on?
Post by: Marissa Maldonado
President Trump's critics and supporters agree on one thing: Our new president has a history of “stretching” the truth whenever there is some advantage in doing so, and sometimes even when there is not. You might say he is famous for playing loose with the facts. We all expect a high degree of “hyperbole” from President Trump, to put it kindly. He gets away with it because barely-enough Americans believe his intentions are in line with America's best interests.
The odd exception to our universal understanding of President Trump's mode of operation is his claim that he is totally certain Assad was responsible for the chemical attack on his own people last week. The President's critics and most of his supporters believe President Trump when he suggests that our military can track any plane in Syria and know what that plane did to whom.
Do you believe that?
I have it on good authority that the United States can track and identify aircraft in Syria. But does that mean we are watching (or recording) every plane at every minute, and we also know what ordinance they dropped?
Do you believe, for example, that our military can identify Syrian jets doing a normal bombing run at the same time as a hobby-sized ISIS drone drops some sarin gas in the blast zone? Can our satellites see that?
Or suppose rebels lobbed an artillery shell with sarin into a village that was being bombed at the same time. Would our satellites and drones and AWACS pick up the incoming round?
Maybe.
But my experience of life is that literally nothing works that well.
Or to put it another way, if we could do shit like that, the war would be over in a week. We'd know who every player on the ground was, and what they were doing, at all times. Heck, if we can detect a hobby-sized drone with a gas canister strapped to its belly from outer space, we don't need boots-on-the-ground to beat ISIS. We can kill everyone who needs killing from the sky.
Generally speaking, the information you get from a war zone is fiction. You wouldn't want it any other way. The Commander-in-Chief has to simultaneously manage public opinion and a military conflict. In the context of war, misinformation can be a useful tool. History would give a free pass to any president who misled the public in the interest of national security.
My view is that the public will never know for sure who was behind the Syrian gas attack. But I also think it doesn't matter because most of the world believes Assad was behind it. And that created options for Trump to get an advantage in Syria while simultaneously “negotiating” with China, North Korea, Russia, Congress, the American public, world opinion, Iran, Israel, and anyone else who is watching.
Some critics have pointed out that launching 59 Tomahawk Cruise Missiles is expensive. But it is starting to look like a good investment, at least so far. That could change, of course.
It is entirely possible that Assad launched the gas attacks to test for a U.S. reaction. Perhaps our military does have 100% certainty about the source of the attack. All I'm saying is that war-related claims have no credibility by their very nature. And in this specific case, the truth is irrelevant. What matters is that the allegation of Assad's guilt opened new strategic options at a reasonable cost, and President Trump jumped on them.
That's all we know for sure.
—
You might enjoy reading my book because a hobby-sized drone could lift it.
I'm also on…
Twitter (includes Periscope): @scottadamssays​
YouTube: At this link.
Instagram: ScottAdams925
Resveratrol, the plant compound found in red wine and reputed to have anti-aging effects, including protection against cancer and diabetes, has just had a "told-you-so" moment.
Resveratrol's discoverer, the embattled Harvard professor who hopes it will point the way to new anti-aging drugs, long argued that the phytonutrient worked its magic by "turning on" the SIRT1 gene. The SIRT1 gene, one of a family of genes, the Sirtuins, is believed to control the good function and longevity of cells and, in turn, of their host.
But Harvard professor David Sinclair's critics argued, in effect, that the SIRT1 gene was not the lock for which Resveratrol was the key. Rather, they said, Resveratrol had its effect by a somewhat less magical route: it turned up the activity of an important metabolic sensor called the AMP-activated protein kinase. Some even argued that outside the test tube, Resveratrol loses its anti-aging power of cells completely.
By breeding a mouse that can live without the SIRT1 gene, Sinclair showed otherwise. His study is published in the journal Cell Metabolism. Mice who lacked the SIRT1 gene got no benefit from Resveratrol. But those that had the gene responded to Resveratrol with improved vascular and metabolic function, reduced inflammation and overall, cells that use fuel and clean up waste more efficiently. Even chubby mice responded to Resveratrol with improved function.
In July, we welcomed the first seven teams into the Overwatch League™ — Boston, Los Angeles, Miami-Orlando, New York, San Francisco, Seoul, and Shanghai — and we told you that we would be announcing more teams in the future. Well, the future is now.
It's with great pleasure that we announce London and a second Los Angeles team as the next two teams entering the fray.
The city of London, England, has been claimed by esports organization Cloud9. Founded in 2012, Cloud9 has been a consistent leader in esports across multiple titles. We are excited that they are building a team based in the United Kingdom and becoming the first team to represent Europe's unique community in a truly global league.
"We are thrilled that Cloud9's formidable fan base throughout Europe and the UK now has a local team to call their own." Jack Etienne, Founder and CEO of Cloud9
Back on the West Coast of the United States, a second team for Los Angeles has been snapped up by Stan Kroenke and Josh Kroenke. Known as international leaders in the sports industry, Stan and Josh Kroenke own professional teams, stadiums, and media holdings around the world. We're very happy to be able to rely on their deep expertise in sports as work on the Overwatch League continues at full speed.
“We're going to build a great team for Los Angeles that inspires fans near and far.” Josh Kroenke, Cofounder of KSE Esports
That brings Overwatch League to a total of nine teams so far, and our latest new owners won't be the last. Your continued support and excitement drive everything we do, and fuel us as we work towards the launch of the League later this year.
Remember, the player signing window is now open, and announced Overwatch League teams can add players until it closes on October 30, 2017. Keep your browser bookmarked to overwatchleague.com for official news on rosters and more information about the Overwatch League as a whole. You can also follow the Overwatch League on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, and YouTube and join the conversation.
Schaumburg, Ill. — Central Life Sciences recently announced three promotions and three new additions to its Zoëcon Professional Products sales team. Ed Bredemeyer and Loren Cunnington both have been promoted to the role of director of sales, and Mel Whitson has been promoted to senior field technical service manager. The three recent hires include Gary Ross, region manager for the South Central Region; Bill Barrs, region manager for the Florida region and Eric Picard as region manager for the Northeast region.
“With the recent expansion to our product line and significant sales growth we've experienced in the last couple of years, these changes to our growing staff make us better positioned to accommodate our customers and deliver the same level of service they've come to expect,” said Larry Smith, senior director of sales for Central Life Sciences. “Ed and Loren bring a great deal of experience and leadership to their roles, and Mel's unrivaled technical knowledge makes him a natural fit in his new position. We're also excited to welcome Gary, Eric and Bill to the team.”
New roles include:
Ed Bredemeyer: Bredemeyer, most recently acting as region manager, South Central region, brings more than 17 years of industry experience to the role of director of sales, Western region. Bredemeyer is a graduate of Texas A&M University and resides in San Antonio, Texas. Bredemeyer will work with the western sales team to grow Zoëcon's account business and drive strategic company growth.
Loren Cunnington: Formerly region manager for the Midwest region, Cunnington was promoted to director of sales, Eastern region. In this role Cunnington will lead the company's sales team in the Eastern half of the United States with a renewed focus on service and growing both existing and new relationships. Cunnington, a nine-year veteran with the Zoëcon Professional Products sales team, holds a degree in turfgrass management from Michigan State University and resides in Zionsville, Ind.
Mel Whitson: Transitioning from his position as region manager for the Florida region, Whitson will now act in the newly created role of senior field technical service manager. A member of the Zoëcon Professional Products team for 12 years, Whitson now will be responsible for product research including field studies and working with the product development team. Whitson graduated from the University of Florida with a bachelor's degree in entomology and nematology with a specialization in urban pest management and lives in Palm Bay, Fla.
New hires include:
Gary Ross: Ross comes to the Zoëcon Professional Products sales team as region manager for the South Central region and will oversee national sales of Rotenone. Ross has more than 30 years of experience with Envincio (formerly Prentiss), a company recently acquired by Central Life Sciences. Ross has a degree in technical horticulture from Texas State Tech, and he resides in Fort Worth, Texas.
Bill Barrs: Barrs brings nearly 30 years of industry experience with Univar USA to the role of region manager for the Florida region where he will oversee professional pest control and vector sales. Barrs holds a bachelor's degree in entomology from the University of Florida, and he lives in Tampa, Fla.
Eric Picard: Picard joins the Zoëcon Professional Products sales team as the region manager for the Northeast region. He will oversee professional pest control sales in the region while current Region Manager Jeff O'Neil will now focus exclusively on vector sales. Picard has served as sales representative for both Univar USA and Essco, and he graduated from the University of Massachusetts with a concentration in psychology and communications. He resides in Danvers, Mass.
311 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Tumblr Digg Linkedin Stumbleupon Mail Print
A New York man says Suffolk County police in Long Island tackled him to the ground and attempted to delete footage of police brutality he had recorded but mistakenly removed the wrong file.
20-year-old Thomas Demint claims police have continued to harass and threaten him after the incident, prompting him to go public with the footage for fear of his own safety.
Demint was on his way to work on May 21, 2014 when he spied his friends family being arrested by Suffolk County police in Center Moriches after officers responded to a 911 call reporting that an adult male was attempting suicide.
When police arrived, officials say, officers attempted to administer aid to the suicidal man and his family intervened.
In one of the most egregious parts of video, an officer is seen slinging a woman to the ground rendering her unconscious.
“My mom's knocked out,” one of the woman's sons can be heard screaming.
An officer also tased her, and in another part of the video, an officer can be seen punching her other son in the face.
Watch the raw footage:
Demints attorney, Ken Mollins, says that as Demint was trying to leave the scene with the footage, three officers tackled him to the ground and charged him with obstruction.
“My client was not aggressive, my client was standing there videotaping,” Mollins said. “This is clearly evidence of police brutality.”
Suffolk County police said in a statement that Demint “interfered with officers by shouting obscenities toward police officers and paramedics as well as entering the scene several times after he was told not to.”
“Mr. Demint's actions diverted officers' attention away from the suicidal man and Mr. Demint had to be physically escorted away from the scene,” the statement adds. “Mr. Demint was placed under arrest for Obstructing Governmental Administration and Resisting Arrest.”
Since he recorded the footage Demint says he has been pulled over multiple times by officers that have made threatening statements like, “you'll see me again, you can count on that.”
Demint also says his phone was confiscated and kept it for weeks.
“I was genuinely shocked,” Demint said. “I don't regret taking the video but it did bring me alot of complications.”
Police say Demint has made no formal complaint with the department and claim officials were unaware of the video. They say a “thorough investigation” into the matter will be launched.
311 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Tumblr Digg Linkedin Stumbleupon Mail Print
EPN
Vintage Dallas Tx Sw District St. Hwp -redskins-motorcycle Police Leather Jacket
$999.99
Japan Imperial Army Military Police Jacket Vintage Cloth Japan 40
$960.0
Russian Soviet Uniforms Of 1947 Police. Jacket, A Cap, Trousers, A Belt. НКВД
$770.0
Vintage 1950's Providence Ri Motorcycle Police Guide Master Wolf Leather Jacket
$750.0
German Police Winter Mantel Overcoat Uniform Jacket Wwii Officer Polizei Dress
$695.0
An international team of researchers released the sequenced genome of coffee, saying it could help improve the flavor of one of the world's most popular beverage. The genome could lead to more rigorous crops by allowing scientists to develop stronger breeds of plants, with better quality and resistance to drought and disease. The findings "could be a significant step toward improving coffee," said Philippe Lashermes, a researcher at the French Institute of Research for Development.Some 2.25 billion cups of coffee are consumed daily around the world. The coffee industry employs 26 million people in 52 countries, and coffee exports amounted to $15.4 billion in 2013, according to the International Coffee Organization. Leading coffee exporting nations include Brazil, Colombia, Vietnam, Ethiopia and Indonesia as well as many Central American countries.The plants can be vulnerable to leaf rust, a pest that is currently affecting about half the plants in Central America, in the worst outbreak since 1976.The team sequenced the genome of a type of coffee plant known as Coffea canephora, which makes up some 30 percent of the world's coffee production. The other leading kind is coffee arabica, with a less acidic taste and lower caffeine than C. canephora.Researchers found that coffee also has a large collection of enzymes, known as N-methyltransferases, that are involved in making caffeine. Coffee's caffeine enzymes are more closely related to other coffee plant genes than caffeine enzymes in tea and chocolate."The challenge now is to translate these decoded genomes into new and improved tools for plant breeding," Zamir wrote."The danger to the coffee crop should provide an incentive for all stakeholders to initiate international collaborations in genomic-assisted breeding projects and germ plasm conservation with poor, coffee-exporting countries."
HONG KONG (Reuters) - Canada's China-born Miss World contestant was stopped in Hong Kong on Thursday and denied permission to board a flight to the beauty pageant finals in China, a move she said was punishment for speaking out against human rights abuses in the country.
Anastasia Lin, a 25-year-old Toronto actress who was crowned Miss World Canada in May, was unable to obtain a visa in advance of her arrival for the contest finals this week in Sanya, on the southern Chinese resort island of Hainan.
But she said she attempted to enter the country anyway based on a rule that allows Canadian citizens to obtain a landing visa upon arrival in Sanya.
Lin, who is a practitioner of Falun Gong, a religious group that says it is repressed in China, told reporters at Hong Kong's international airport that she was prevented from boarding a Dragonair flight to Sanya. She said there has been no response from the Chinese authorities so far.
“There's no comment from the Chinese embassy ... so I realize that's the tactics they're using, they just want to let it die down,” said Lin, who was wheeling a silver suitcase and dressed in a long brown trench coat.
“It's very difficult to stand up for what you believe in,” she said, adding: “I need to figure out what to do next.”
Lin testified at a U.S. congressional hearing on religious persecution in China in July. In her testimony, she said she wanted to “speak for those in China that are beaten, burned and electrocuted for holding to their beliefs”, according to the text of her statement on the Congressional-Executive Commission on China's website.
Lin said this month that her father had been harassed by Chinese officials after she spoke out about human rights abuses in the communist country.
Asked about Lin's case, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Hong Lei said he had “no information to provide” about her case. He did not elaborate.
Slideshow (8 Images)
The Chinese Embassy in Ottawa said that Lin was not welcome in China, a Canadian newspaper reported on Wednesday.
“China does not allow any persona non grata to come to China,” Yundong Yang, an embassy spokesman, told the Globe and Mail. “I simply do not understand why some people pay special attention to this matter and have raised it repeatedly.”
Miss World pageant organizers said in an email they had no information as to why a visa was not granted to Lin, but said she may be offered a place in the 2016 Miss World contest.
Darwin BondGraham
Oakland Police Sergeant James Gantt with his attorney Dan Siegel at a press conference today in Oakland.
Sgt. James "Mike" Gantt, a veteran Oakland homicide investigator, filed a claim against the City of Oakland today alleging that top officials retaliated against him because he broke ranks with the department during the investigation of a rookie cop, Brendan O'Brien, who he suspected of killing his wife "Sgt. Gantt believes that he was removed from the investigation to avoid a finding that Officer O'Brien had killed his wife," Gantt's attorney Dan Siegel wrote in the claim.Gantt, who has been on administrative leave since April, also suggests that city leaders leaked information about him to the press this summer to distract the public from the Celeste Guap sexual-misconduct scandal."I'm kind of torn here this morning," Gantt told members of the press at a news conference today. "I love my job, I'm just tired of being made out to be the scapegoat."According to Siegel, the retaliation dates back to June 16, 2014, when Gantt and fellow homicide inspector Sgt. Caesar Basa were assigned to investigate the death of Irma Huerta-Lopez, who died of a gunshot wound to the head at O'Brien's Oakland hills apartment.Since the Express first raised questions about Huerta Lopez's death in May, Oakland officials and Alameda District Attorney Nancy O'Malley have gone to great lengths to ensure the public that her death was thoroughly investigated. If true, Gantt's allegations raise new questions about the integrity of the case.O'Brien told police officers who responded to the scene that night that he and his wife had an argument, after which he drove to a Shell gas station and purchased cigarettes. When O'Brien returned, he claimed his wife was already dead.But Gantt immediately suspected that O'Brien killed his wife."Based on the physical evidence and an interview I conducted with another Sergeant, the response I was getting from O'Brien wasn't jiving," Gantt told the media today.According to police sources, Gantt pressed O'Brien during an interview on June 17 about inconsistencies in his version of the events. Basa interrupted, however, and later that day Deputy Chief John Lois, who was in charge of the department's investigations division at the time, pulled Gantt off the case.O'Brien was eventually cleared and, eight months after his wife's death, he met a 17-year-old girl who went by the name Celeste Guap: the underage victim in the Oakland police sexual-misconduct scandal.In September 2015, O'Brien shot himself in the head in the same apartment where Huerta-Lopez died a year earlier. He also left a suicide note reportedly discussing allegations that multiple officers sexually exploited Guap.O'Brien's death and the suicide note opened an internal-affairs investigation into Guap's sexual exploitation at the hands of multiple cops, but that case was riddled with "irregularities," according to US District Judge Thelton Henderson, who oversees the department's 13-year-old court-ordered reform program.The Guap and O'Brien stories finally broke this past May . As a result, Oakland Mayor Libby Schaaf requested that District Attorney Nancy O'Malley review the Huerta-Lopez case. O'Malley later concluded that OPD's classification of her death as a suicide was appropriate.Around this same time, Gantt was suspended (on April 15), as a result of a domestic dispute with his spouse. He alleges that the city left him in limbo by refusing to complete an investigation of the incident. He is still on administrative leave.Later, in June, when news of the Guap case was making international headlines, media outlets also reported that Gantt was being investigated for allegedly mishandling evidence in homicide cases . He was eventually cleared by the district attorney of any criminal wrongdoing on June 23.But Gantt's attorney Siegel says details of his evidence mishandling case were deliberately leaked to the press as retaliation for investigating O'Brien, and also to distract the public from the sex crime scandal."[H]e was accused of violating City policy to deflect attention from allegations that multiple Oakland police officers had engaged in the sexual exploitation of a young woman, Celeste Guap," Siegel wrote.Siegel also argued that OPD continues to pursue "administrative sanctions" against Gantt by "combing" through old homicide case files in an effort to uncover evidence of misconduct."Evaluated as a whole, all of the actions against Sgt. Gantt and their curious timing present a clear campaign to retaliate against, stigmatize and make an example of someone who tried to break the Blue Wall of Silence at OPD," Siegel wrote.For instance, Seigel says that, on June 25, City Administrator Sabrina Landreth informed Gantt that she intended to suspend him, without pay, because he was one of multiple officers who were subjects of a different investigation involving "racist" text messages.But documents obtained by theindicate that it was Gantt himself who filed an internal-affairs complaint in 2014, accusing a senior officer of sending offensive and racist texts, and of age discrimination. OPD dismissed his complaint as "unfounded" in October of that year.In response to the claim filed by Gantt, Oakland Mayor Schaaf's office released the following statement:"We are legally prohibited from disclosing personnel information about any police officer and we do not comment on pending litigation. Given the City of Oakland's firm commitment to holding officers to the highest ethical and professional standards, we expect that some officers will exercise their right to challenge discipline actions. There is a clearly defined legal process for handling these claims and we welcome the opportunity to present the full set of facts."Oakland City Administrator Sabrina Landreth, who currently oversees the police department, did not respond to a request for comment.
Photos of a father in Shanghai who had an “emotional breakdown” at a local jewelry store after his daughter accepted the marriage proposal of her Japanese boyfriend have been making the rounds on Chinese media.
The couple had reportedly met when the young woman was studying abroad in Japan. The boyfriend, identified in a Sina News report as NagaO, traveled to Shanghai to pop the question, which her father obviously didn't approve of.
When the man got down on one knee and proposed at a jewelry shop called Darry Ring on Tuesday, the woman said yes because she was touched by his persistence.
The girl's parents rushed to the store immediately after they heard the news, only to find rose pedals all over the ground after the romantic proposal. The father collapsed on the floor, complaining to the shop assistants: “Why would you sell rings to the Japanese?” Onlookers consoled the father that the Japanese man looked good and the couple seemed very devoted to each other. He responded angrily: “Don't be tricked!”
The couple will reportedly live in Shanghai, as the father demanded that they not return to Japan.
With just two full days left before Tuesday's election day, moments ago WikiLeaks unveiled it latest, Part 32 dump, of Podesta emails, which released another 2,073 emails, bringing the total to 52,481.
Saturday's release provided more incriminating evidence of illegal activity at the Clinton Foundation, which according to an internal 2008 audit, "must act immediately to bring the Foundation into compliance with the law and standards that govern not-for-profits", it also showed that Hillary's campaign was paying for Bill Clinton's legal fees, a transaction of questionable legality, as well as exposing a Bill Clinton speech in which he hinted that the system "is rigged" and that Hillary "deserves the White House.
* * *
In today's release, several emails stand out: one is a July 25, 2015 email from John Podesta to Neera Tanden, in which we get the continuation of the infamous "drawn and quartered thread." Recall that on October 27, we showed an email in which Tander blasted Hillary's decision to have a private server as follows:
Do we actually know who told Hillary she could use a private email? And has that person been drawn and quartered?
Today we get Podesta's response, in which he says that as a result of the server revelations "At least we now know why Cheryl didn't want her to run."
* * *
More troubling, and a further indication of Clinton Foundation impropriety, is a January 4, 2012 email from Teneo's Doug Band, who has been extensively profiled on these pages, in which he accuses Chelsea Clinton of of "using foundation resources for her wedding and life for a decade."
* * *
CNBC's John Harwood returns on the "objective journalist" scene, with a September 31, 2015 question to John Podesta, asking what he should ask Jeb Bush in an interview due the next day.
* * *
This is rich...below is an email from John Podesta back in August 2015 complaining about "oversamples" in a New Hampshire poll.
A 13-year-old Manitoba boy is being hailed as a hero after he walked through a snowstorm to get help for 24 fellow students stranded in a school bus.
Alexi Catellier was the oldest student on the bus, which became stuck in the snow on the side of a rural road near the community of Sandilands during the storm on Oct. 4.
The heavy snow snapped hydro poles and lines, cutting power to thousands of Manitobans in an area where cellphone service is typically spotty and unreliable.
The school bus, operated by First Student Canada, was stuck for about 5½ hours starting in the afternoon.
While the driver tried to free the vehicle, Catellier said he and two other students tried to keep the others calm.
"It was definitely nerve-wracking …You have to keep the kids calm, because otherwise the bus driver won't be able to do his job," Catellier told CBC News in an interview.
"At one point, most of the kids had cried themselves to sleep because they were hungry, they tired, they were thirsty, wanting their parents."
There were a total of 25 students on the bus, ranging in age from five to 13, from the Division scolaire franco-manitobaine and the Seine River School Division.
Melted snow for water
Catellier said he and two classmates melted snow into empty bottles when they ran out of water.
In the meantime, the bus driver was trying to free the wheels of the bus from the snow. He would dig away then get back on the bus and attempt to drive out, but the bus would slip further into deeper snow.
Catellier said by about 8 p.m., he realized there was no other option but to set out on foot for help.
"The way the wind was blowing, and with the snow, it was freezing cold. And I was just wearing running shoes, track pants, a thin sweater and a little fall jacket," he recalled.
He eventually came across a man who then notified CN Rail workers in the area.
Catellier went back to the bus and, along with two others, carried some of the young children — including his five-year-old brother, Bevan — to a nearby home so they could warm up and use the washroom.
The CN Rail workers later came along and pulled the bus out of the snow.
School officials say after the bus was back on the road, the last student was dropped off at home at around 10:30 p.m.
Incident being reviewed
Catellier's mom, Tatiana, said she is proud of her son but she wants a review by the school division of what happened.
"I'm glad that he did it, and I'm glad that he had the potential to do it. But I'm not happy that he was in that position, and put in that position," she said.
Tatiana Catellier said school officials need to review emergency preparedness procedures on buses.
"Heaven forbid someone was diabetic and needed insulin," she said. "We'd have a real problem with no food, no water and no medical facility anywhere around."
Officials with the Division Scolaire Franco-Manitobaine say they are investigating the incident.
"Are there other things we could have done? We're doing to have to look at the whole situation, what took place," said superintendent Denis Ferré.
"The whole issue of procedures: what happens in nasty weather, how are the bus drivers trained, about kids leaving the buses, supervision issues and contacting the parents [to] make sure everybody is up to speed.
"Our bus driver had a lot of experience. A lot of good things took place and the best thing that could of happened was that no one got hurt."
Ferré said the 13-year-old should never have been allowed to leave the school bus.
Sandilands is located about 100 kilometres southeast of Winnipeg.
I had a need for a customized breadboard that would allow me to use it inside a small prop, which would allow me to to continue to build and modify it without permanently soldering a circuit together.
So here is my concept for a Modular breadboard. After some suggestions from the community I remodeled the bits to use the clips that exist in breadboards. The idea that you can buy a few uber cheap breadboard online to harvest the clips within. In an ideal world, it would be great of there was a way to buy these clips that allow a user to cut as much as they need to insert into a custom breadboard layout. Only in a perfect world.
Even if you don't want to destroy a perfectly good breadboard, you can use aluminum foil or even shape you're own clips by cutting up a can of soda. Granted these options require more work.
Freecad Source included if you want to have a head start making you're own bits.
The Gospel of Jesus' Wife
So your skeptical friend just heard about something called, “The Gospel of Jesus' Wife.” But unlike the fiction Dan Brown created in the Da Vinci Code, this wasn't in a movie or a novel. She just caught another sensational segment on the evening news talking about how controversial this new find is and now she's wondering, “Did Jesus have a wife?”
But here's the thing. This fragment really isn't rocking anyone's world. Especially in the academic community. In fact, Karen L. King, the Harvard Professor who actually presented this at the Tenth International Congress of Coptic Studies said:
…this new discovery [highlight]does not prove that the historical Jesus was married.[/highlight] This gospel (is)…too late, historically speaking, to provide any evidence as to whether the historical Jesus was married or not
So this is all about later, Egyptian views about who Jesus was–not about the historical Jesus of the 1st century.
In this post, I'll share a simple way to respond to this fragment. Because we've only got two real options here. But first, here's what scholars are saying about the fragment itself.
Scholars are Skeptical
I got an e-mail about this from Dr. Dan Wallace as soon as this hit the nightly news. Later, he expanded on his initial thoughts on his blog, saying:
Does this fragment prove that Jesus was married? [highlight]The answer is an emphatic no[/highlight]…it says nothing about true history, about Jesus of Nazareth.
He says that if this thing wasn't faked (May 2014 Update: Gospel of Jesus' Wife Looks More and More Like a Fake), one possibility is that it's a Gnostic source (basically a totally different religion) which meant something other than real marriage here (since they weren't big into physical stuff being good). Another possibility is that it's talking about the church as Jesus' wife, kind of like John does in the book of Revelation. Other scholars like Dr. Darrell Bock and Dr. Gary Habermas agree, saying there just isn't an awful lot of context here to even figure out what the author was trying to say.
How I Answer, “Did Jesus Have a Wife?”
So what can you say to a skeptical friend who asks you, “Did Jesus have a wife?” Seems like I've been hearing this question off and on for a while now. Sometimes, it comes in the form of a possibility: “Isn't it possible that Jesus had a wife?” I usually agree, which sometimes surprises people and grabs their attention. I say, “Sure. Anything's possible. But the question is, are there any good reasons to believe that the historical Jesus of Nazareth really had a wife?” If you want to be confident in conversations about this fragment, here's what I suggest.
Get the Facts
Blow past the headlines and get the hard facts. There are a whole bunch of Web sites covering The Gospel of Jesus' Wife, but this short post on Talbot School of Theology's The Good Book Blog will give you the skinny on this fragment (which despite it's sensationalized name, really isn't a gospel) that's basically the size of business card.
Dr. Darrell Bock was recently quoted by CNN as saying:
“It's a small text with very little context…It's a historical curiosity but doesn't really tell us who Jesus was…[highlight]It's one small speck of a text in a mountain of texts about Jesus.[/highlight]”
Indeed, even if this fragment turns out to be real, there are over 5,000 New Testament manuscripts and other ancient sources outside the Bible that talk about Jesus. None of these sources indicate that Jesus ever had a wife. And if you're really interested in the historical Jesus, you know that the four traditional gospels–Matthew, Mark, Luke and John–were recognized as the most accurate biographies of Jesus by A.D. 125. It's really these ancient documents that give us the very best picture of Jesus' life and his teachings.
How History Answers, “Did Jesus Have a Wife?”
So did Jesus have a wife? The best ancient, documentary evidence for the historical Jesus says “no.” As historian Dr. Mike Licona observes:
The most powerful evidence that Jesus was single comes from a deafening silence. In 1 Corinthians 9:5 Paul writes, “Do we [i.e., Paul and Barnabas] not have a right to take along a believing wife, as do the rest of the apostles, the brothers of the Lord, and Peter?” It appears that all of Jesus' disciples, all of his blood brothers, and even the lead apostle, Peter, were married. If Jesus had been married…we certainly would expect for Paul to have mentioned it here, since it would have provided the ultimate example for his point.
A Simple Response You Can Use
So what can you say when someone asks you, “Did Jesus have a Wife?” after hearing something about this fragment? Let me share a simple response to The Gospel of Jesus' Wife. You don't have to be a historian or a scholar to say this. It's easy to remember and something you can use today. Tell your skeptical friend that when it comes to this little fragment, we've only got two real options here:
Option 1: It's a fake fragment that tells us nothing about the historical Jesus. [See 2014 updates below]
It's a fragment that tells us nothing about the historical Jesus. Option 2: It's a real fragment that tells us nothing about the historical Jesus.
As Christians, it's important that we're able to honestly look at something like this fragment without it messing with our faith. After all, if it's fake, no one should care. If it's a real 6th century fragment, it could help us learn more about the kinds of things some Egyptian Gnostics were writing in Coptic hundreds of years after any of the actual eyewitnesses of Jesus' life and teachings.
As for the question “Was the historical Jesus married?” The historical evidence points to “no.”
[box type=”default” style=”rounded” border=”full”]
Updates on the Fragment
2012
MSNBC: “One the most suspicious grammatical errors in the Gospel of Jesus' Wife appeared to be a direct copy of a typo in the PDF file version of the Interlinear translation (of the Gospel of Thomas)”
More: See how Dr. Mark Goodacre compares the fragment text to the PDF.
Still More: Read Leo Depuydt's conclusion Harvard Theological Review. “The author of this analysis has not the slightest doubt that the document is a forgery, and not a very good one at that.”
2014
Boston Globe: King responds to the alleged grammatical error and forgery charge: “such a combination of bumbling and sophistication seems extremely unlikely.”
Huffington Post: “Scientists have concluded the fragment dates back to at least the sixth to ninth centuries, and possibly as far back as the fourth century.” Still, 6th to 9th century is way too late to tell us anything about the historical Jesus. Furthermore, there is no external or internal evidence suggesting this goes back to the 2nd or 4th century. According to Dr. Bock, “It is a suggestion based on when these discussions commonly arose. That is all it is.”
[highlight] New! [/highlight] 05/01/2014 Wall Street Journal: How The ‘Jesus Wife' Hoax Fell Apart. 05/02/2014 GLive Science: Gospel of Jesus' Wife Looks More and More Like a Fake. Tyndale House quotes Askeland on the “smoking gun”:
The Gospel of Jesus's Wife was one of several fragments which were announced by Karen King. There was also in this group of fragments a fragment of the Gospel of John in Coptic. Just recently, when I gazed upon Karen King's Coptic John fragment, what I saw was immediately clear. [highlight] Not only were the writing tool, ink and hand exactly the same as those of the Gospel of Jesus's Wife fragment, but also the method of composition was the same. As I looked at Karen King's Gospel of John fragment, I finally saw that it was clearly copied (by the forger) from Herbert Thompson's 1924 edition of Codex Qau. [/highlight] Indeed, the Gospel of John fragment had exactly the same line breaks as Codex Qau – a statistical improbability if it were genuine.
[/box]
[hr]
Scholars Discuss The Gospel of Jesus' Wife (2012)
Did Jesus have a wife? Sit in on a discussion I attended on responding to The Gospel of Jesus' Wife and get the details from Dr. Richard Taylor and Dr. Darrell Bock at Dallas Theological Seminary. You'll even get to recite some Coptic before the end of this video! How many people get a chance to do that? I rarely post full-length videos on my blog. But if you're read this far, this one will definitely be worth your time.
The headmaster of a primary school in eastern China has been suspended after it was revealed that a class monitor forced pupils to eat and drink faeces and urine if they did not give him money and snacks, according to a news website.
The bullying came to light after a family discovered that their son had stolen several thousand yuan from their home and had been forced to give the cash to the bully, the website Anhuinews.com reported.
The victim's family called the parents of other pupils and found many of the class had suffered attacks.
A teacher at the school in Huaiyuan county in Anhui province had asked the class monitor to help check children's homework and he had abused his power to extort money from pupils, the report said.
The boy would also allegedly tear up children's exercise books if they failed to give him enough cash or snacks.
For the first time ever, total credit card debt in the United States is approaching a trillion dollars. Instead of learning painful lessons from the last recession, Americans continue to make the same horrendous financial mistakes over and over again. In fact, U.S. consumers accumulated more new credit card debt during the 4th quarter of 2015 than they did during the years of 2009, 2010 and 2011 combined. That is absolutely insanity, because other than payday loans, credit card debt is just about the worst kind of debt that consumers could possibly go into. Extremely high rates of interest, combined with severe penalties and fees, can choke the financial life out of almost any family in no time at all.
These days, most Americans use credit cards for various purposes, and they can be very convenient.
And if you pay them off every single month, they don't become a problem.
Unfortunately, a lot of people are not doing this. According to CNBC, total U.S. credit card debt rose by an astounding 71 billion dollars last year alone…
Last year, credit card debt in the U.S. surged by approximately $71 billion to $917.7 billion, according to a new study from CardHub.com. The research also found that most of the debt accrued in 2015 came in the fourth quarter, when Americans tacked on more than $52 billion. “With 7 of the past 10 quarters reflecting year-over-year regression in consumer performance, evidence is mounting to support the notion that credit card users are reverting to pre-downturn bad habits,” CardHub CEO Odysseas Papadimitriou said in a statement.
And as noted above, things were particularly gruesome during the 4th quarter of last year.
According to Alternet, Americans added more credit card debt during those three months than during the entire years of 2009, 2010 and 2011 combined…
Not since we headed into the Great Recession of 2008 have we been quite so loosey-goosey with our credit cards, racking up debt with stunning speed. Of our 4Q totals, CardHub notes, “during this one quarter, we added more debt than in 2009, 2010 and 2011 put together.” That brings dollars owed to credit card companies by each debt-saddled American family up to $7,879, the highest since the Great Recession.
I can't even begin to describe how unwise this is. When I was in my twenties, I made the same mistakes that so many other Americans are making right now. I very foolishly racked up large balances on my credit cards, and it took years of extremely painful payments to fix those mistakes.
In America today, 37 percent of all households maintain credit card balances from month to month, and the average level of credit card debt for those households is $15,700. The following comes from CBS Minnesota…
According to NerdWallet, 37 percent of American households have credit card debt, which is defined as not paying off the full balance every month. Using data from the Federal Reserve of New York, U.S. Census and its own poll, NerdWallet found the average balance for those in credit debt is $15,700.
What most people don't realize is that by letting balances run from month to month, you can end up paying just about as much in interest as you did for the original purchases.
Here is one credit card repayment scenario that comes from NerdWallet…
For the sake of simplicity in calculating the cost of the average credit card debt, let's assume an APR of 16% and a fixed payment. We'll also assume a minimum payment of 2% of the principal balance of $15,762, the average as of the end of 2015, or $315. Based on those terms — and assuming you don't add any more to your credit card balance — it would take 84 months, or seven years, to pay off the balance in full. During that time, you'll pay $10,402 in interest — about two-thirds of the original balance — for a total of $26,164. This averages out to about $124 in interest per month.
The scenario above assumes that all payments are made on time. But a single late payment can trigger higher interest rates, penalties and fees that can be absolutely suffocating.
In fact, some people end up paying back three, four or five times as much as they originally borrowed to the credit card companies.
If you use credit cards for convenience or to buy things online or to automatically pay bills, that is fine. Just don't let balances accumulate. As you can see, that can be financial suicide.
And as we head into a new global recession, you definitely don't want to be saddled with high levels of debt. All of us have little luxuries that we can cut back on, and now is not the time to be living on the financial edge.
Just look at some of the troubling signs that we have seen in the news in recent days…
-The U.S. oil and rig count just dropped to the lowest level ever recorded
-One Houston CEO told employees that he was laying off that we have entered a “depression”
-It is being reported that 35 percent of all oil and gas companies around the world are at risk of falling into bankruptcy
-Unemployment in Canada just hit a three year high
-The number of job cuts in the United States skyrocketed 218 percent during the month of January according to Challenger, Gray & Christmas
-U.S. manufacturing activity has been in contraction for four months in a row
-U.S. factory orders have now fallen for 15 months in a row
-Subprime auto loan delinquencies have hit their highest level since the last recession
-Orders for Class 8 trucks in the United States dropped by 48 percent on a year over year basis in January
-The Restaurant Performance Index in the United States has dropped to the lowest level that we have seen since 2008
-Major retailers all over America are shutting down hundreds of stores
And this list does not even include all of the signs of severe economic trouble from around the rest of the planet that I have been writing about lately.
Credit card debt truly is financial poison, and it is not something that you want to have during the hard times that are coming.
Unfortunately, most Americans never learn, and they continue to rack up credit card debt as if there is no tomorrow even as the global economy starts to spiral downhill all around them.
In a typical year, the selection of delegates to the Republican National Convention is of little interest outside the party faithful. But, this year has been far from typical.
Many GOP elders, including former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney, see the only chance of stopping Donald Trump is by denying him the 1,237 delegates he needs to claim the nomination.
That would force a contested convention where delegates would be free to choose whichever candidate they want.
That includes Massachusetts' 42 delegates — 22 of whom are pledged to Trump on the first vote only.
Twenty-seven delegates will be elected at nine congressional district caucuses on April 30. Another 12 will be elected by the Massachusetts Republican State Committee.
The remaining three delegates are top party officials.
Ohio Governor John Kasich and Texas U.S. Senator Ted Cruz are also running for the Republican nomination.
Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved.
Of all the communities and social networks on the internet, perhaps none has embraced virtual reality in the way that reddit has. The /r/oculus community is especially active, with over 48k subscribers. One of the reasons that this community is so perfect for the current state of VR is held within the very nature of the network – social proof. In a nascent industry where ideas both good and bad are beared hourly, reddit provides a peek into the collective minds of some of the most passionate people around the industry – and that is something that has been incredibly valuable for the growth of the industry.
Well now the network that has been so instrumental in helping grow the VR industry may be stepping into it. Alexis Ohanian, the co-founder of reddit, posted this on his Instagram yesterday:
The picture shows Alexis and reddit “creative projects manager” Michael Pope supposedly trying out the app on the GearVR. Posted with the caption: “Just @catsweaters testing out @reddit VR… #priime.”
Assuming that the post is, in fact, real there are some things we can likely infer from this. First of all, it would appear to be a GearVR app, whether there is cross platform support – I couldn't tell you. What this does mean though is that the app must function within the constraints of the GearVR, at least for that platform, which hints us in a bit on its potential scope.
The first thing that strikes me about it being on the GearVR is the input issue. Right now, without a gamepad, the interaction on the GearVR is far from ideal. If you have ever had to look for a certain app in the library on the Gear, you know what I mean. Constant swipes are bad UX. So, looking at a reddit app in that environment you would think that some serious changes and simplifications would need to be done to the UI in order to create a pleasant browsing experience on the GearVR. I am thinking that it is likely some kind of grid based UI with posts arranged 4×4 (with an adjustable scale to add more rows and columns) with their titles and side images displayed next to upvote downvote arrows.
The input is likely gaze and tap, so that when you look at one of the posts and tap it expands out so you can see it in full. Taking advantage of all the real estate afforded by VR, we may even see comments and the image/post displayed at the same time, provided a clever solution to make the comment text legible (we can't lean in and squint with the Gear).
As for actual site interaction, that is where it gets a bit trickier. At first the reddit app will likely be a lurker's dream, allowing them to see the site in a whole new way. But for those who are active on the site, it may prove difficult to post and comment from within the app. A potential solution for this would be voice commands and speech recognition, both of which are possible with the GearVR. However, I doubt many people will want to be shouting any of the craziness that typically gets posted to reddit at the speech recognition, and especially not anywhere in public. It will be really interesting to see how they tackled this problem with their integration.
This marks the first of the major social networks officially bringing their platform to VR – as much as you can call an Instagram photo from the co-founder an official move that may never even make it out of the reddit labs, where it was birthed. Facebook arguably could hold that title as well, as it is working on versions of it's apps for VR (and because it bought a little company called Oculus), but we haven't heard much more than that; and there has been no word from Twitter, Pinterest, Vine, Snapchat, Instagram, etc. as to their approach for the medium. The possibilities are exciting, beyond just the basic browsing experience and we are excited for what the future holds for social VR.
Tagged with: altspacevr, gaze, gearvr, input, reddit, samsung, social, social media, social vr, speech recognition, UI, UX, virtual reality, VR
Commissioner George Karl has some ideas.
His grand scheme was revealed before Saturday's game when the Nuggets coach was asked how a division winner (say, the Clippers), can be no lower than a four seed, but if the division-winner's first-round opponent has a better record, that team gets homecourt advantage.
“I don't know if I like it, but I understand why you do it, because there should be some reward for winning your division,” Karl said. “Even though, there really isn't.”
So he was asked: Do you think you should wipe out divisions and just have conference standings?
“I'm even crazier than that,” the Nuggets' coach said.
Oh, yeah? What ya got?
“I think you should put all top-16 and do it that way, and then reseed for the next round,” he said.
So basically, here's Karl's idea: The top eight teams from the Western Conference and the top eight teams from the Eastern Conference are put into a playoff pool. At this point, conference affiliation no longer matters. Instead, it's all about record.
The team with the best record plays the team with the 16th-best record and so on.
And then, like he said, they reseed hockey-style for the next round. And so, the NBA's “Final Four” could be four teams from the same conference — but, as proven by this system, perhaps the four best teams in basketball.
“I think it would get fans excited, man. It would be crazy,” Karl said. “And we travel with private jets now, so I think you can schedule it to where you'd get two days of rest between games. I think it would be really fun and interesting to see the matchups.”
So if you were commissioner, you would try to make this happen? Like, for real?
“I would advocate it,” he said. “I don't know if the Board of Governors would pass it, but I would advocate it.”
After George had gone off the map with this idea, I chimed in with a thought — why not just get rid of conferences altogether? Why punish a team that's ninth or 10th in the West that's way better than, say, seventh and eighth in the East?
Promptly, Chris Marlowe from Altitude suggested that my thought was “Draconian,” and Karl himself said: “I think you're going off the map.”
The coach had one other idea on Saturday. Cut the 82-game season to a 62-game season, and then in the middle of the season, “You can take a three-week break and have an NCAA-like tournament. Single elimination is a lot different than a seven-game series.”
I'd watch that.
Benjamin Hochman: 303-954-1294, bhochman @denverpost.com or twitter.com/nuggetsnews
Friday's terror nonsense US Intelligence Trades On Fear
By Yvonne Ridley
October 31, 2010 " Information Clearing House " -- We are in the grip of yet another so-called terror plot designed to terrify the wits out of everyone.
Anyone of a nervous disposition was sent in to a tailspin of panic over the increasingly dramatic news coverage … this manifested itself in a tsunami of 911 calls in America which paralysed parts of New York, Maine and Philadelphia for several hours.
Mercifully in Britain the majority of us refuse to get caught up in this bloody nonsense for many different reasons. The primary one being we had already endured more than three decades of this during the height of the IRA activities in London.
Virtually every single day for 30 years there would be some terror alert in the English capital – it was called shoestring terrorism. One telephone call could bring a halt to a section of the London Underground.
The police would make their necessary checks, the media would ignore it and we all got on with our lives refusing to be intimidated by Irish terrorism.
And that is exactly how we should have treated Friday's terror nonsense – that does not mean to say people should be reckless or less vigilant but governments should stop trying to impose a fear factor on its citizens..
We can not sacrifice our freedoms and liberties just because America wants to impose its own neurosis, hysteria and paranoia on the rest of the world.
While British anti-terror police say no explosives were found in a suspicious package found onboard a UPS flight, the White House issued a statement completely contradicting this. Now the parcel has been removed for full forensic testing!
Call me cynical, but I find it too much of a coincidence that this bizarre alert came less than 24 hours after British Airways chairman Martin Broughton has accused the country of bowing to US demands for increased airport security measures.
Mr Broughton criticised the US for imposing more security checks on US-bound flights, but not on its own domestic services.
He urged the UK to stop kowtowing to demands for passengers to take their shoes off and to put any laptop computers through scanners to be screened separately.
The UK government said it would give airport operators permission to review their security procedures and I hope they stick to their promise despite all this nonsense.
One of the most ridiculous procedures we have to go through is to submit all of our potions, lotions and liquids to airport security.
This came about because of the so-called plot to blow 10 airliners out of the sky. That the fools behind this crazy scheme didn't even have passports or a collective IQ of George W Bush mattered not.
A video was shown of an explosion onboard a plane if this chemical had been mixed with that chemical.
The fact the bombmakers would have had to create sub zero laboratory conditions onboard a plane which would take around 40 minutes, mattered not.
As a frequent flyer I can tell you no would would be allowed to hog the tiny toilets for more than five minutes.
Yet despite this nonsense we have to hand over our liquids, but can buy them in vast quantities minutes later having past through airport security.
Just recently I was stopped because I had a brand new 200ml jar of Eve Lom face cleanser and was told I could not take it through. I pleaded for some commonsense from the security officer and he even went to his superior when I pointed out that the jar cost more than my airline ticket.
A nearby passenger who had just wistfully given up his full bottle of Remy Martin brandy sympathized with me.
Since when did Eve Lom become a threat to Britain's national security?
The British Government's COBRA emergency committee is meeting as I write this. God only knows what will transpire but I hope this coalition government distances itself from these crazy security terror alerts coming over from the Americans.
US President barack Obama is facing his mid-term elections this weekend … if either he or his team have resorted to the “terror threat” ploy so often used by his predecessor to try and win votes then shame on them. Of course what better way to divert voters' minds from Afghanistan, Iraq and Wikileaks than to create a fresh new bogeyman … Yemen.
Any government which uses security and fear to win votes does not deserve to be in power.
Doctors at West Suburban Medical Center in Oak Park were able to treat and stabilize three teenage shooting victims Friday — just a handful of dozens of victims from shootings reported across Chicago this holiday weekend.
An 18-year-old man, alongside three 16-year-old boys, were shot around 4:50 p.m. Dec. 23 at the intersection of Lamon Avenue and Hubbard Street, the Chicago Tribune reported. All four survived the gunfire.
The oldest teenager was taken into the Oak Park hospital after being shot in the lower right leg and left arm. One of the younger boys was shot in the left calf, another was wounded in the lower left ankle and the last was shot in the right shin. Two of the 16-year-olds were also taken into West Suburban; the last was transported to Mount Sinai Hospital.
According to the Chicago Sun-Times, a total of 41 people were shot in Chicago during the Christmas weekend, 11 of whom died. Those numbers trumped the statistics of last year's crime rates in the city, the Sun-Times reported, which left 30 people shot and six dead.
Other shootings this past weekend include:
Christmas Eve, a 27-year-old man identified as Juan Gonzalez was shot to death in the Brighton Park neighborhood, the Tribune reported. He was shot in the abdomen and head while on the 3000 block of West 38th Place in Chicago and pronounced dead on the scene.
Two men, 20 and 21 years old, were killed Dec. 23 in shootings on the 500 block of North Laramie Avenue. They had been outside after talking on the phone before they were shot. Derrick Jones, 21, was shot multiple times. Stephen Tucker, 20, was shot in the head and in the back.
A 16-year-old boy was shot in the lower leg Dec. 23 on the 4900 block of West Kinzie Street around 3:30 p.m. and taken to a local hospital. No further information has been released about his death.
A 26-year-old man was shot in the shoulder and buttocks on the 5700 block of South Prairie Avenue while he was getting out of a car. He survived.
A 23-year-old man was shot in the arm on the 5900 block of South Western Avenue in the Chicago Lawn neighborhood while he was in his car. Another car pulled up next to him and he was shot through the window. He survived.
A 41-year-old man was grazed with a bullet in the left hand during a robbery. He'd been leaving a party on the 4600 block of South Leamington Avenue when two masked men, who were armed, attempted to rob him. He survived.
A 17-year-old boy was shot in the back Saturday on the 10800 block of South Wentworth Avenue in the Roseland neighborhood. He survived.
A 26-year-old man and 34-year-old man were both shot Saturday in a drive-by shooting on the 3400 block of West Beach Avenue in the Humboldt Park neighborhood. One was shot in the stomach and leg, and the other was shot in the left ankle. Both survived.
A 52-year-old man was shot in the back and neck during a robbery Friday in the Hermosa neighborhood in Chicago. He survived.
A 44-year-old man was walking in the 500 block of West Iowa Street in the Cabrini Green neighborhood when he was shot in the leg. He survived.
An 18-year-old man and a 23-year-old man were shot on the 8700 block of South Sangamon Street in the Gresham neighborhood of Chicago. One was shot in the leg; the other was shot in both hips. They both survived.
A 53-year-old man was shot in the hand in the Washington Park neighborhood when a gunman got out of a car near him and opened fire. He survived.
An 18-year-old man was shot in the Marquette Park neighborhood when two men came out of an alleyway and started shooting him. He was hit in the back, arm, leg and torso and was taken in critical condition to Advocate Christ Medical Center.
--
Image via Shutterstock
The James R. Thompson Center, architecturally significant to some and an emblem of bureaucratic government excess to others, would be sold and likely demolished to be rebuilt as a privately owned residential, office and retail space under a plan Gov. Bruce Rauner proposed Tuesday.
"From a pure financial point of view, this is a compelling opportunity for the people of Illinois," Rauner said.
"This building is ineffective. For the people who work here, all of whom are eager to move somewhere else, it's noisy. It's hard to meet with your colleagues. It's hard to move through the building, very ineffective, noise from downstairs, smells from the food court all get into the offices," Rauner said at a news conference in the lobby of state government's Chicago headquarters at Clark and Randolph streets.
The 17-story, 980,000-square-foot building was designed by Helmut Jahn and opened in 1985 at a cost of $172 million — twice what had been expected. Its sweeping design featuring massive glass panels was always controversial. Its open-air atrium design has proved costly and inefficient to maintain, heat and cool. Rauner said the building needs more than $100 million in maintenance that's been deferred.
Rauner said he wouldn't "comment on the aesthetics" of the building. Later, he told reporters, "Beauty is in the eye of the beholder."
Jahn, the architect, criticized the state for failing to maintain and repair the building. He and former Gov. James R. Thompson had a vision the building would be "a symbol for the openness and transparency of the state government" and a "lively urban and public place," he said in a statement Tuesday.
That goal "has not been upheld by the administrations that followed," said Jahn, who added that the selection of stores at street level "lacks style."
It's been the Chicago home to many state offices for 30-years, but the Thompson Center, could soon be home to who knows what. Oct. 13, 2015. (CBS Chicago) It's been the Chicago home to many state offices for 30-years, but the Thompson Center, could soon be home to who knows what. Oct. 13, 2015. (CBS Chicago) SEE MORE VIDEOS
"The best way to save the building, and to improve it, is to repurpose it," he said, calling for office space, the food court and retail to be upgraded and part of the building converted into a hotel or residential units. That would make the building "the most exciting place in the city, with around-the-clock activity."
"Architectural history is full of examples where such repurposing has brought new life to structures like this," he said. "The building will only survive this way, and will become a landmark for the 21st Century."
The first-year governor said he has talked to some developers and doubted the building could be repurposed.
"It's just not usable for much of anything. The good news is it's really just structural beams and some glass so it doesn't cost that much to take down, and it could be replaced by a very positive, very impactful new building," he said.
Under Rauner's plan, the building would be sold for cash at public auction, and an estimated 2,200 state workers would be sent to other state-owned or leased property in Chicago and Springfield, moves that could save taxpayers $6 million to $12 million a year.
Gov. Bruce Rauner announced plans on Oct. 13, 2015, to sell the 17-story James R. Thompson Center. (WGN-TV) Gov. Bruce Rauner announced plans on Oct. 13, 2015, to sell the 17-story James R. Thompson Center. (WGN-TV) SEE MORE VIDEOS
Rauner said site appraisals are in process, and the goal is to have the transaction completed within one year. With towering cranes dotting the city's skyline, the downtown property market is booming, meaning a sale should generate a substantial windfall for state coffers, real estate professionals said.
"It's a very, very active time for buyers and developers looking to build," said Barbara Schenberg, an executive director with commercial real estate services firm Cushman & Wakefield who put downtown office vacancy rates at a "very low" 12 to 13 percent. "The state should be able to find a healthy pool of potential buyers."
The most valuable use of the land almost certainly calls for the building to be razed and replaced with a higher-density building, said John Abuja, vice president of investments at Marcus & Millichap investment brokerage. Still, Abuja said, a sale to a developer who preserved the building and leased space back to the state might also be economically viable "if done correctly."
Schenberg noted that while preserving the building would be "a challenge," developers "can be very inventive putting space to use" and have successfully repurposed other architectural oddities without demolishing them.
Schenberg and Abuja said a mixed-use redevelopment that includes office, retail and residential components is the most likely. With the northern end of the Loop becoming increasingly lively, there is no shortage of people who'd be interested in living steps from City Hall and Daley Plaza, they agreed.
Rauner said private development would return the property to the Chicago and Cook County property tax rolls and provide new revenue to the city. The governor estimated a new structure could generate $20 million a year to the city and its public schools.
"This is one of the most valuable, the nicest blocks in the entire state, let alone in the city of Chicago," he said.
The Republican governor, embroiled in a political dispute with the Democrat-led General Assembly, said his proposal was unrelated to what he has dubbed his "Turnaround Agenda" that includes seeking pro-business, union-weakening legislation in exchange for a state budget.
But Rauner's decision reflects his refrain that he believes state government is too big and too inefficient to serve taxpayers.
Built as the State of Illinois Center, the building was named after Thompson, the state's longest-serving governor who held office from 1977 to 1991. Thompson wouldn't comment directly on Rauner's proposal, saying it was up to the state's current chief executive and lawmakers to decide the building's fate.
But the former Republican governor fully blamed Rauner's predecessor, Democratic Gov. Pat Quinn, for failing to authorize funding needed to maintain and repair the Chicago office building as well as the Executive Mansion in Springfield.
"The condition of the building, the deferred maintenance and the costs for putting it back into shape are the responsibility of the Quinn administration, which steadfastly refused to keep up the building while they were in office," Thompson said.
Courage always comes under fire. And the U.S. House of Representative's probe into the Benghazi fiasco will be no different.
Rep. Trey Gowdy (R-SC), who has been tapped to be the chairman of the select committee investigating Benghazi, has now received email death threats for his dogged determination to get to the bottom of what led to the death of four Americans at the U.S. Consulate on Sept. 11, 2012.
Rep. Gowdy was selected to lead this latest phase in the Benghazi investigation on May 2 by Speaker of the House John Boehner (R-OH). Since that time, the congressman from South Carolina has defiantly been stating his far-reaching objectives for the inquiry. Just this past Monday night during an interview with FOX News' On the Record with Greta Van Susteren, he demanded, “I want to see every single solitary relevant material document. In fact I want to see everything for which there can be any argument it is relevant and then we can judge whether it is material.”
“We need a list of the witnesses that have been talked to and which ones are left to be talked to. We need a list of the documents,” Gowdy also emphatically explained to Van Susteren, “And by the way, I'm not interested in redacted documents or an over classification. I want the documents. So I want all of the evidence. And then people can draw different conclusions from those facts in evidence. But you can't draw conclusions if you don't have all the facts. And what this committee is going to do is, once and for all, lay out all the facts and then your jury can draw whatever inferences and conclusions they want to.”
Trending: MAJOR UPDATE on the Gofundme Wall – THIS IS THE INFO YOU HAVE ASKED FOR
Apparently, Rep. Gowdy's strong statements and unrelenting resolve aren't sitting well with everyone. The Politico.com was the first to report:
The U.S. Capitol Police are investigating threatening emails against Rep. Trey Gowdy, the South Carolina Republican recently tapped to lead a special panel probing the Benghazi terrorist attacks.
The investigation comes after POLITICO reporters and journalists at other outlets received two emails on Tuesday warning that Gowdy would be harmed because of his role in investigating the 2012 attacks.
Capitol Police officer Shennell Antrobus confirmed that “an active, open investigation” is currently being conducted, but avoided making any further comments on the situation.
Since the failed assassination attempt of former Rep. Gabby Giffords (D-AZ) in 2011, the Capitol Police have given special attention to all death threats, no matter how improbable they may seem.
However, for those who know Rep. Gowdy, he is not type to be easily intimidated by death threats — even when he's looking down the barrel of gun. In 2012, a Georgia woman named Gloria Yvonne Brackett was arrested for pointing a pistol at Gowdy while he was sitting in his car in Spartanburg, S.C. Yet, he's been just as tenacious as ever. Whether it's blasting the “mind-numbingly stupid” former Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi, taking the President to the mat for his brazen violations of the law, or demanding answers on Benghazi, Rep. Gowdy has clearly demonstrated that he is a man of principle who will not back down under pressure. So, a few email threats are certainly not going to dissuade him from proceeding with the Benghazi investigation. Speaker Boehner has obviously chosen the right the man for the job.
With Gowdy's prosecutorial zeal, maybe we might actually get some real answers to our questions. After 20 months of stonewalling by the White House, it's about time.
The opinions expressed by columnists are their own and do not necessarily represent the views of Barb Wire.
Kindred Art by Quiet Victories View All 3 Images
Hey folks — RiotBatty here, one of the folks working on the League Fan Art Showcase. I wanted to take a moment to explain some of our thoughts around the Showcase and what exactly it is meant to be. The League Fan Art Showcase is a small R&D project developed by a handful of Rioters. We built it as a sort of passion project, and as such it's something that will change, evolve, and grow as we figure out how best to make it work. Basically we wanted to build an awesome platform for showcasing community artwork, and this is a first stab at getting it up and running. Core Stuff The Showcase doesn't have any big, giant, official goal. Mostly, we just wanted to create a sort of central hub for showcasing and celebrating the awesome work of League community artists. We noticed that there doesn't seem to be a global, curated gallery of fan art (most platforms are region-specific), so we figured we'd just make one ourselves. It's about putting all the best League art in one easy-to-navigate space, regardless of where that art came from. In other words, we want to put the spotlight on community artists in a way that makes awesome League art accessible to anyone who might want to check it out.
Shen Art by Aleksey Bayura
Quality Control We're aware that different people have different interpretations of what's “good” and what's “incredible.” When determining whether art becomes part of the Showcase, we'll be considering a few factors beyond pure visual appeal. Stuff like: Fidelity (is this representative of a high level of craft execution)
Resonance (does the League community love it)
Originality (is the work unique or notable in some way) Admittedly, these are subjective calls. We've built our (initial) baseline by observing what tends to work in places like the boards and on other platforms — high-fidelity work draws a higher response rate, for example — but we'll be evolving that baseline by listening to your feedback and your suggestions. We're also implementing two voting systems that enable you to influence the Showcase: a global voting system for adding new pieces to the Showcase, and ongoing, time-limited contests. One of these two voting systems will be online at all times, with contests replacing the global vote while active. These systems aren't finalized. In fact, we really need your help and feedback to improve on them and make sure they serve the community as well as possible. In the meantime, we'll try to be as communicative as possible as to what's being added and why.
Akali Art by Muju
Roadmapping The League Fan Art Showcase isn't finished. In many ways, what you'll be exploring today is a first draft. We took on this project because it felt fun, and because we think it will help resolve some pain points we've seen in the community art realm (disconnected regions, ease of finding cool art and artists, etc.), but we also wanted to get it out the door so people could start playing with it rather than focus on making it shiny and perfect. As we move the Showcase forward, we'll be making incremental improvements based on your feedback and whether we feel like it's delivering on the promise of its idea. Here's some nitty-gritty stuff in terms of commitments: The Showcase will receive weekly art infusions
We'll be hitting up the boards once a month for feedback, thoughts, and suggestions
Context will be provided on the art/artists we highlight so we're all on the same page The Showcase is meant to be a tribute to the hard work of the community, but it's entirely up to you if you want your work shown. We'll reach out to every artist we add to the Showcase before using their work, and art will always be credited to the original artist. We'll also be embedding artist spotlight articles into the Showcase (starting next week). Hopefully these spotlights help provide even more context as to why specific pieces/artists were chosen. Thanks for helping to make League's art community one of the most vibrant in the world. We hope the League Fan Art Showcase can live up to the work you folks do every day, and we're ready to listen to how you think we can make it so.
Kava kava was the food of the gods, just as poi was to the Hawaiians.
No religious ceremony was complete without the kava kava. (Ms. M.K. puku'i ca. 1942)
There are several native stories regarding the origin of kava kava in Hawaii. The most popular view describes 'awa as having been brought over to Hawaii from Kahiki (the ancestral homelands of various islands of lower and middle Polynesia) by the Hawaiian gods Kane and Kanaloa. Kane was the ancestor of the chiefs and commoners, forest, fresh water, sunlight and verdant growth; and Kanaloa was the Hawaiian god of the ocean, marine life, and healing. It is told that they planted 'awa throughout the islands.
The fact that kava kava was the cherished and sacred ritual beverage of the Hawaiian culture explains the nature of its ceremonial uses. Through prayers and joyful offerings of kava kava, the ancient people of Hawaii sought to ensure the well being of the population. Farmers offered kava kava to ensure the success of future crops. Canoe makers would offer kava kava to the Hawaiian gods of the forest when choosing a Koa log for a canoe. Between men, it served as a ceremonial gift; it was offered to the ancestral spirits on the domestic altar; it was fed (hanai mano) to the shark patron by fishermen, to ensure bountiful catches; it was offered to the spirits by mediums (haka).
The cup of kava kava was gazed into and drunk by seers to induce the desired passivity or trance. The kahuna lapa (medicine priest) would pray and drink kava kava sent to them by their patients to divine their illness and 'awa would then become a necessary component for their cure. Either the dried root or a cup of kava kava brew was a necessary offering to a god in many rituals: in the war rite, in consecrating a boy child, in the ceremonial initiation of girls trained in the sacred hula dancing and chanting, in prayer offered by the Kahuna, in seances in which a Hawaiian god or Hawaiian goddess spoke through a medium.
Traditional Medicinal Uses of Kava Kava
In ancient Hawaiian times it was used by all classes of people, especially fisherman, farmers, hunters and any whose strenuous work left them stiff and sore with fatigue. The difference between the kava kava drinking of ali'i and commoners was one of manner and purpose of using the drink. The ali'i drank for pleasure, the Kahuna class for ceremonial purposes and the working people for relaxation after labor.
Kava kava held the central role as an herbal medicine in ancient times and was used by Hawaiians for many maladies and illnesses. Research is being conducted to broaden 'awa's healing base, including research into its anti-cancer potential, improving night vision, weight loss and treating symptoms of menopause*.
Traditional uses included but were not limited to addressing the following ailments: inflammation of the urogenital system, chronic cystitis, difficulties in urinating, female puberty symptom, weakness, menstrual problems, dysmenorrhea, migraine related to women's sickness, headaches, general weakness, chills, sleeping problems, insomnia and general treatment of disease*. To prevent infections, rheumatism, weight gain, irritation of the respiratory tract & asthma, pulmonary pains, palsy, tuberculosis, skin disease, certain skin diseases, to cause desquamations (at the end of the cure, new healthy skin is formed), and to prevent suppuration*.
References citied Handy, 1972, Native Planters of Old Hawaii.- Kamakau,S.M. 1976, The Works of the People of Old.- Malo, D 1951 Hawaiian Antiquities -Maly, Kepa 1998 'Awa Cultural-Historical Perspectives in Hawaii.
*These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This product is not intended to cure, treat, diagnose, or prevent any diease.
Jonathan 'Loda' Berg has been part of the competitive Dota scene for as long as there's been a scene to be part of. He was the man holding the Aegis of Champions aloft at the end of The International 2013, and his team—Alliance—are one of the most effective, efficient, and idiosyncratic teams in the world. I first met Loda at TI3, when I interviewed him the night before the grand final. That interview became this article . After Alliance's loss to tournament champions iG in the semi finals of ESL One Frankfurt I spoke to Loda for half an hour about the current metagame, that incredible match against Cloud 9, and the way that winning TI3 has affected Alliance for better and for worse. This is a long interview, but I think most Dota fans would appreciate seeing the whole thing so you'll find it all below.
How are you feeling after those games against iG, and what's the plan now?
We feel quite well, actually. Usually S4 picks but this event, since it's so close to TI... it's not like we're holding back but we let EGM pick instead. Just to throw things around a bit and not show any of the things that we've practiced. So, yeah—iG is a very good team and we can see what we did wrong. One of the things you always realise when you play against the Chinese is that you can't ever be greedy at all, because Europeans rely on ultis—long cooldowns—and the Chinese will always go for a lot of heroes that are strong throughout the whole game.
For example, what they did in the last game against us is that they saw that they had stronger roaming potential. Even if they had a decent chance to play against our trilane they chose to dodge it because they saw that we didn't have heroes that could rotate as well as them. They'll almost always dodge the trilane that way—not to go aggressive against us, but rather to dodge us going aggressive against them. But it feels okay, actually. I don't think any of us are extremely cut up about it.
I've seen you play well when you lose one lane by capitalising on your advantage elsewhere. Today it felt a little bit like you were being 70% efficient everywhere, and that slowed you down.
Yeah, I agree. Today in the first game we won like one lane maybe, which was the bottom lane, but they had a solo Doom there who could just go jungle and eat creeps and get back slowly. Then when you get picked off in one lane your whole rotation gets fucked up. We wanted to switch our trilane to top but then one guy gets picked off somewhere along the way, then I TP top but we don't have our two supports there because Akke had to roam mid to remove a ward, then I get picked off top.
They're very good at stopping your momentum, but I think a lot of today was about the draft. I think everyone feels that way. We should never have picked Lone Druid for example—it was quite greedy. We should have put the Batrider on top lane and he could just switch to the jungle for example. Then you have a strong hero mid that can affect the game a lot.
We've seen a lot of Brewmaster in this tournament. Like, everyone is running it and almost every western team is being punished for it. Or at least, for every game where it does well there's a game where it doesn't.
Yeah, for sure. For example the last game I feel what we did wrong was pick a carry like Silencer who is not very mobile and Brew... he is extremely good at taking control of the game but you need to have other heroes that have a lot of damage output and we kinda lacked that. When you're playing Silencer, you want the other four to roam around and fight with the global. For us the Brew could initiate, clap, ult, but even with the global silence we couldn't really kill them during that so the only times we got a kill was when we went for a solo kill with the silence rather than go for a fight with the Brewmaster ultimate. That was one of the big problems in the last game—that we didn't have the right heroes.
As I said, the Chinese rely on having heroes that can do something at all points in the game, where a hero like Silencer would probably get stronger in the lategame with an Aghanim's, maybe a Refresher or Hex, something like that. At the same time you can just be countered by BKBs which they did quite effectively.
Were you expecting iG to change up the way they played so dramatically from yesterday? Their approach to Mouz was just constant push.
We kinda thought that they would go for push in the second game, but no. They have two playstyles—they either go for an all-out push or... it's like this. iG, if you analyse them from an objective view they don't rely a lot on their carry. They put him on heroes that are strong early-mid and also quite hard to kill. They pick Doombringer for him, they pick Lycan as part of that push strat, they pick Pugna for him, but it's not like a carry Pugna.
They put him on heroes that are strong in the midgame and I think they do that really well because they have five heroes that, as I keep saying, are always active. Even if they're not active they can be active. That's what they do well.
Moving on to a happier story, then—that game last night [against Cloud 9]. When I spoke to you last year you explained that there are points in games where you feel confident that you've 'got' it—you might not have it now but you've got it in twenty minutes. Did you have that feeling last night? Because it was fucking close.
Er... not really. We had a strat where we ran Skeleton King [Wraith King]. He's a carry that really peaks between thirty and forty minutes and that game went on to, like, eighty minutes. We felt that they should have had that game because they had, like, two hardcore carries in Ember and Void and they had PotM [Mirana] as well.
We felt that we could win the game, but... it was just about me and EGM creating space just so that Bulldog could split push one of the lanes. Then we'd, like, try to soak them up so that we could get a rax. They had better lategame for sure, but then we just outmaneuvered them I would say. Honestly, I think if they'd have just played a bit better, had better item choices they should have won that game. If I was in their position with those heroes in the midgame I'd be quite content.
It felt like they never got the teamfight they wanted.
Yeah. Yeah, actually—exactly like that. We made them waste their big cooldowns.
That's kinda the story of this whole tournament. It's interesting.
Yeah, it is interesting. We went to China one month ago and it was the same thing there. We realised that you can never get greedy in that way against the Chinese because they will punish it for sure. They are very good at baiting you and just dodging the fights. If you're pushing a tower they've got a Bristleback who has been getting quite good XP against a trilane. It's not so easy to jump on the Bristleback over the tower—they'll be ready behind him and if we go for him we could lose the fight. We can't kill him fast enough, and they'll punish you. The Bristleback is something that they pick against the Enchantress, for example. I've seen it over and over again—just put him offlane while the Enchantress is there and he's quite hard to kill against just two heroes. We didn't really have the right set up to punish him. Maybe if you went for a stun carry, or a Centaur, a midgame carry—something like that.
You've really been favouring that, right? The stun carries.
We switch it around a bit. At DreamHack we did that. Here we did that a little bit as well. For me personally, I like some of them. I dislike some of them. With a hero like Wraith King, I know that my clock is ticking. I have very good farm but it doesn't really scale that well. You want to create chaos in the teamfights, you want to get that reincarnation—so you just go in soak up damage, then you keep picking people off.
But I think you need to switch it around a bit against different teams. Against the European teams it's very good to have these stun carries because European teams tend to be a bit greedy, you can push them a little bit.
Video: New 3D printing technique creates stronger stainless steel
Researchers have developed a way to 3D print stainless steel that triples the strength of the material.
3D printing has been used in everything from printing meat substitutes to vehicle components and has also prompted entirely new business models based on blueprint sharing and outsourced printing services.
Companies including GE, Siemens, and HP are all placing their bets on the future of this manufacturing process, and while 3D printing is currently reserved most often for weaker materials such as paper or plastic, metal is also of interest.
HP recently hinted at the 2018 release of a platform designed to "transform [3D metal printing] into more mainstream, high-volume production," and as a research team from the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory in California have now demonstrated, the future of our metal products can be improved no end by 3D printing methods.
In collaboration with engineers from Ames National Laboratory, Georgia Tech, and Oregon State, the team was able to print a low-carbon kind of steel dubbed 316L, which is strong enough to be used for military and marine applications.
While describing their methods in the journal Nature Materials, the team said that the techniques used to print the steel resulted in improved strength and ductility in comparison to the traditional material.
Laser sintering is usually used in 3D printing to craft solid objects and this process -- which relies on metal powder, melting, and fusing -- may be able to create intricate pieces, but will often lack strength.
As noted by Science, this method does not create the microstructure needed for objects required to undergo stress.
However, the team's new method allows 316L to be created through a regular printer, but it also controls the heat and fusing to prevent material becoming porous and weak, lowering the risk of fracturing.
"This microstructure we developed breaks the traditional strength-ductility tradeoff barrier," said LLNL materials scientist and lead author Morris Wang. "For steel, you want to make it stronger, but you lose ductility essentially; you can't have both. But with 3D printing, we're able to move this boundary beyond the current tradeoff."
The engineers experimented with printing steel through different laser powders and thin plates of metal. As a result, the strength of the stainless steel tripled under certain conditions -- but this was a surprise to the scientists.
Read also: 10 strange uses for 3D printing (photos) | Modding the Ultimaker 3 with 3D printed accessories | 3D printing hands-on: Modding the Ultimaker 3 with 3D printed accessories | Innovative 3D prints from the 2017 Simplify 3D contest
"When you additively manufacture 316L it creates an interesting grain structure, sort of like a stained-glass window," LLNL scientist Alex Hamza commented. "The grains are not very small, but the cellular structures and other defects inside the grains that are commonly seen in welding seem to be controlling the properties."
"This was the discovery. We didn't set out to make something better than traditional manufacturing; it just worked out that way," Hamza added.
The applications of the research are vast. In the future, printing stainless steel components and objects could enhance the strength of materials used in everything from space to the military and aviation.
The next step for the team is to use high-performance computing to predict the performance of future stainless steel and create models that can be used to modifying underlying infrastructures with the potential of exploring other metal alloys.
Related stories
After ten years since the original publication, the icelandic SF novel “Love Star” by Andri Snær Magnason, translated into english by Victoria Cribb, is published by the Seven Stories Press. His novel, „LoveStar” was chosen “Novel of the year” by Icelandic booksellers 2002, it received the DV Literary Award and a nomination to the Icelandic Literary Prize. “Love Star” had been translated also into german (by Tina Flecken, published in 2010) and into hungarian (2012).
Read an excerpt : http://www.simnet.is/andri/pdf/LoveStar-english.pdf
http://www.andrimagnason.com/lovestar-published-in-english/
„Lovestar (2002) by Andri Snær Magnason (1973- ) is a near-future SF novel set in Iceland where an Icelandic company called Lovestar has found a way to link all humans wirelessly together, so that they are effectively always online, as well as featuring genetic engineering and other scientific future-exploits.” – Alexander Dan Vilhjálmsson (The Encyclopedia of Science Fiction)
http://sf-encyclopedia.com/entry/iceland
His children's SF novel “The Story of the Blue Planet” is the winner of the Icelandic Literary Prize / The Janusz Korczak Honorary Award / The National Theatre Prize for New Plays / Nomination for the IBBY International Honour List 2001 for illustrations / The West Nordic Literature Prize 2002 / Nomination for the Nordic Children's Book Award / Nomination for The Reykjavik Educational Council Children's Book Prize / Nomination for the IBBY Award / Nomination for 5 DORA awards -Toronto 2005 / Published in 25 languages / Staged in 5 countries and has been published in the following countries: France (Gallimard), Italy (RCS Libri/Fabbri Editori); Spain (Omega), Denmark (GAD), Sweden (Kabusa), Faroe Islands (Bókadeildin), Greenland (Atuakkiorfik), Estonia (Eesti Raamat), Yugoslavia (Izdavacka Kuca Draganic); Thailand (Image Publishing). Serbia (Draganic), South Korea (Seoul media), Greece (Patakis), Norway (Karviland), Finland (Pieni Karhu), Japan (Gakken), Germany (Leibziger kinderbuchverlag), China (Bjkpress) , Lithaenia (Zara), Hungary (Koronia), coming soon in Russia, Brazil, Norway and finally – in english.
http://www.nytimes.com/2012/11/11/books/review/the-story-of-the-blue-planet-by-andri-snaer-magnason.html?utm_source=twitterfeed&utm_medium=twitter
i thought it would be an edgy thing to do to play around with chemicals that require safety goggles. baking soda? that's for ninnies. real pretzel makers use lye! i promise you i looked really un-edgy though, wearing my oven mitts with gallon-sized ziploc bags over them as hand protection. (i gotta protect the paws, i am playing with san fermin in a few days!)
my gosh, i was such a pansy in the kitchen. as i handled the lye, i got all scared and realized i probably should have scheduled my danger time on a day when eggboy could have been around in case something super ugly happened. what if i spilled it on my toes or burnt a hole in my shirt and he was all the way out chisel plowing in the bean fields?? eeermmrmfiumph. i was sooo nervous the entire time i was bathing my little challahs. but luckily, i survived and have some unbelievable bread to prove it!
if you've never used lye for your pretzels, i highly recommend ordering some and trying it out. you'll see that the lye is what gives pretzels their unique pretzel-y taste and pretty brown color. (further reading on that here.)
i chose to pretzelize challah because i'm always dreaming up new shit to do with challah, it is one of my most favorite breads. it's so eggy and doughy... this pretzel challah is like the softest soft pretzel you've ever had, and it is a bit sweet, which makes it perfect on its own or with a spoonful of mustard (pictured is my new fig mustard).
i can't wait to pretzelize more things... donuts? pork buns? waffles? the carb world is my oyster!
pretzel challah
makes six small loaves
ingredients
one batch of this challah dough (do add the cardamom. stop after step 6 and meet back here.)
1/4 c food grade lye
5 c water
course sea salt, for sprinkling
also: rubber or latex gloves and protective eye wear!
clues
1. once you have made your dough and it is fully risen, divide dough into 6 equal parts. divide each of those into 3 parts, roll them out into 1-inch ropes, and braid them together. place on floured baking sheets and freeze for 20-30 minutes, or refrigerate for an hour.
2. as the loaves chill, put on your gloves and eye wear, and prepare the lye bath. in a casserole dish, combine the 5 cups of water and the 1/4 cup of lye. add the lye slowly so that it doesn't splash.
3. preheat oven to 400.
4. prepare two baking sheets with greased parchment paper. using two spatulas or your gloved hands, carefully dip each loaf into the bath, top side down, giving the top side 10-15 seconds before placing it onto a baking sheet. sprinkle with salt. bake for 15-20 minutes, until loaves are golden brown and cooked through.
enjoy with mustard and a beer or six!
-yeh
Francois Xavier Marit/AFP/Getty Images
It's no Michael Phelps, but this tiny magnetic robot swims the front crawl at 10 micrometres per second. It would take about two months for the bot to swim the length of an Olympic swimming pool – in that time, Phelps could swim over 200,000 lengths. But the nano-swimmer is fast for its size, and it's strong enough to pass through more viscous liquids, like blood, to deliver medicine from inside your veins.
The front crawl is the fastest way for humans to swim. So Tianlong Li at the Harbin Institute of Technology in China and his colleagues built their swimming robot to mimic that motion.
Each nano-swimmer is 5 micrometres long and has three main parts, connected together like sausage links by two silver hinges. Its gold body is flanked by two magnetic arms made of nickel, and applying a magnetic field to the tiny robot makes the arms move.
Advertisement
Learn more at New Scientist Live in London See our expert talk on engineering robot swarms
As the researchers switch the magnetic field's direction back and forth, it causes the arms of the nano-swimmer to rotate and propel it forward, just like the arms of a human swimmer doing the front crawl.
“It's exciting due to its speed and its really small size, just about the same size as a blood vessel,” says Eric Diller at the University of Toronto in Canada who researches micro-robots. “It's small enough basically to go anywhere within the body.”
Because bodily fluids are more viscous and difficult to swim through than water, the researchers also tested their nano-swimmers in serum. The bots were only able to swim 5.5 micrometres per second, but that's still faster than many other similar mini-machines.
For targeted medicine delivery without invasive procedures, these nano-swimmers could be coated with medicine and injected into the bloodstream, where their trajectories could be roughly steered by external magnetic fields.
Since they are so small, just one nano-swimmer wouldn't be able to carry enough medicine to actually help. “Maybe a thousand of them would be necessary,” says Diller. “There's no way to keep track of all of them, so there are a lot of questions about safety and toxicity.”
The next generation of these tiny machines will have to be made from biodegradable materials before they can be used in the bloodstream. But, Diller says that for less complicated areas in the human body like the urinary tract or the eyeballs, clinical trials could begin within the next five to 10 years. Injecting a single swimmer into an eyeball, where it could deliver medication directly to the retina and then be removed, would be much less complicated than letting a swarm of them swim throughout the entire circulatory system.
We don't know how fast Michael Phelps could swim through blood – thankfully, his recent race against a great white shark didn't provide a testing ground. But since you can't inject him into your bloodstream, these nano-swimmers will have to do.
Journal reference: Nano Letters, DOI: 10.1021/acs.nanolett.7b02383
Read more: DNA origami nanorobot takes drug direct to cancer cell
We corrected the comparison to a human swimmer's world-record time.
Welcome to The Science of Rock N' Roll
This is what music is all about – as seen through the lens of science.
Have you ever wondered about the science of rock n' roll? How technology has changed this multi-billion dollar industry and affects our everyday lives? Get ready for the Science of Rock N' Roll – an interactive exhibition unlike anything you've ever experienced. The ultimate collaboration between rock 'n roll, science and nerd-dom! With hands-on interactives and innovative displays, you'll discover the science, art, engineering and mathematics behind the soul of rock and the creation of music. This isn't a sit back and keep your hands in your pockets type of exhibit – you get the rare opportunity to feel like a rock star! Check out your chops in the professional recording booth, do an epic solo on the drums, and riff out on an electric guitar – all the while learning about how science and technology has influenced the evolution of rock n' roll as we know it.
It's a rock n' roll exhibition – need we say more?
Mt. Gox CEO Mark Karpeles Bloomberg MtGox has been subpoenaed by the U.S. Attorney's office in New York, the Wall Street Journal's Christopher M. Matthews reports.
An unnamed source tells him simply that federal prosecutors sent the subpoena this month.
A spokesman for the U.S. Attorney's office in New York decline to comment to BI.
MtGox shut trading operations last night over what it says were "recent news reports and the potential repercussions on MtGox's operations and the market."
Soon after the WSJ broke the story, Reuters reported that Japanese authorities were also looking into the Tokyo-based exchange.
"At this stage the relevant financial authorities, the police, the Finance Ministry and others are gathering information on the case," Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said in a news conference, according to Reuters.
MtGox has effectively been blackballed within the Bitcoin community. Six of the largest Bitcoin firms published a statement last night denouncing Gox's violation of users' trust, and Gox resigned its position on the Bitcoin Foundation this past weekend.
Meanwhile, Fox News Business' Kathryn Glass says she has obtained a chat transcript conducted by a consultant named Jon Fisher with MtGox CEO Mark Karpeles in which Karpeles claims he is still working to save the firm. Karpeles also says a leaked report indicating a massive, ongoing theft at MtGox, was "more or less legit" but that the document itself had not been produced by Gox.
Business Insider has unsuccessfully tried to reach out to Karpeles, although the Mt. Gox CEO did respond to Reuters via email.
"We should have an official announcement ready soon-ish," he wrote, without providing more details or revealing his location. "We are currently at a turning point for the business. I can't tell much more for now as this also involves other parties."
Bitcoin prices were at $556 as of 9:20 p.m. Eastern.
I'm not looking forward to the conversations I'm going to have with Momo about the burdens of the body she was born to, starting with street harassment and workplace inequality and… well, it goes from there, doesn't it.
Every woman I know carries some secret calamity, a collection of stories that goes far beyond the ‘one in four women' statistic. When you listen to women, you hear them. And then I look at Momo and she doesn't have those wounds yet, but I know one day she won't be so lucky. As much as I wish that day will never come, as much as I can ignore it when I look at my two-year-old playing, as much as I wish things will be different in a decade: something will change her. Something will make her realize that her body has turned into a liability, and she's going to have to negotiate that.
I can only protect her for so long, so that's the prayer I offer now to whatever is listening: please, please let the world be kind to my daughter. And give her the strength to carry that burden, even when the world is going to try to use her up.
Ubisoft has confirmed that any future maps and modes making their way into For Honor will be free to download for all players.
"We don't want to split the community," game director Damien Kieken said during a presentation attended by Eurogamer.
"So everything that's matchmade [including] new modes and new maps, will be given for free to the players. We'll also have other free content. We are a big team supporting the game after launch."
It's worth noting this statement doesn't extend to new heroes, which could still be offered as paid DLC. Looking back to Rainbow Six Siege, also developed and published by Ubisoft, we saw something similar happen there, with its maps made available for free, while the operators themselves needed to be unlocked using one of two currencies: renown (earned in-game) or credits (purchased with real money). This system worked well for Siege, which launched small but over time grew to 10 million players.
We've already seen For Honor's in-game currency, called Steel, during our time with the closed Alpha. Players earn a small amount after each match, which can then be spent in a virtual store. However, it now sounds like you'll be able to buy this currency with real cash as well.
"On the monetisation side," said Kieken. "The idea is that we allow players to buy more Steel. It's just a shortcut. Everything is unlockable just by playing the game. And all shortcuts are tied to progression, so you can't unlock an end-game item right away."
For Honor will launch with 12 maps, with future add-ons likely tied to the game's Faction War mechanic. What's that? Excellent question. Pop over to our preview if you fancy reading about it, plus some early impressions of the game's single-player campaign.
Actually, before that, let's all take a moment to think about the fact that For Honor's in-game currency is actually called Steel. Just 'Steel'.
Using an expert computer system to parse through over three million satellite photos, scientists have compiled a high resolution map of the Earth that's offering an unprecedented glimpse into how our planet's surface water has changed over the past three decades.
This new mapping effort was led by Jean-François Pekel from the European Commission's Joint Research Centre in Ispra, Italy. Recorded at a resolution of 100 x 100 feet (30 x 30 meters), the new maps show the planet's water surfaces (excluding oceans) in astonishing detail. What's more, it tracks changes in features like rivers, lakes, and wetlands over the course of 30 years. Using these maps, scientists can now study how surface waters are changing over time, and how human activities are reshaping the planet.
Advertisement
Earlier attempts to map our planet's surface waters lacked the required resolution. They were too fuzzy to discern smaller lakes and rivers—a huge limitation given that millions of lakes less than one square kilometer in size account for roughly 40 percent of the global area of inland water. Previous satellite surveys, the best of which featured a resolution of 820 x 820 feet (250 x 250 meters), made it difficult for geologists to discern surface water from ground; the color of water varies greatly depending on depth, presence of sediments and dissolved chemicals, and the angle at which the sunlight hits the surface.
For the new survey, Pekel's team sought to create a truly global and methodologically consistent measurement of changes in surface water over time. Indeed, our planet's water surfaces are constantly shifting, owing to natural process like flooding, sedimentation, and channel migration, and due to human activities like the construction of dams, reservoirs, and water extraction.
Advertisement
To say this was a meticulous survey would be a gross understatement. The researchers analyzed 3,066,102 Landsat images taken at monthly intervals between 1984 and 2015. To handle all this data—1.8 terabytes to be exact—and to distinguish terrestrial land features from water, the researchers utilized an expert computer system and the processing power of the Google Earth Engine platform.
Using this system, the researchers were able to classify each pixel (representing a 100 x 100 foot block) of each image as being either water, land, or a non-valid observation. The resulting 32-year record of our planet's water history was then used to produce a set of sortable maps that document different facets of surface water dynamics.
Advertisement
These maps have revealed some fascinating changes over a relatively short period of time. Collectively, permanent surface water has disappeared from an area measuring almost 35,000 square miles (90,000 square kilometers) since 1984—roughly equivalent to Lake Superior. Around 70 percent of surface water losses occurred in just five Middle Eastern countries, Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Iran, Iraq, and Afghanistan. This illustrates the tremendous water management challenges in this region, including drought.
Over the same time period, new permanent surface water features formed elsewhere, covering an area about double that from which water was lost, or 71,000 square miles (184,000 square km). Most new water features were associated with reservoir construction, but the impact of climate change was also detected.
“In some places, like the Tibetan plateau...a cause and effect relationship with climate can be unambiguously established,” Pekel told Gizmodo. “Basically, the observed expansion of the [closed] lakes of the Tibetan Plateau, is a consequence of the accelerated snow-and-glacier melt caused by rising temperatures and increased rainfall.”
Advertisement
In total, the new data shows that our planet, as of 2011, is covered with 1.08 million square miles (2.78 square km) of permanent surface water, and 0.31 million square miles (0.81 million square km) of seasonal surface water. Armed with these maps, geologists and climate scientists will be better equipped to assess the impacts of global warming, while also capturing the effects of human activity on surface water resource distribution.
[Nature]
For many, the level of centralization found in the Bitcoin mining ecosystem is the biggest issue for the peer-to-peer digital cash system today. As a technology that relies on decentralization in order to provide a censorship-resistant bearer ecash, any trend towards centralization should be viewed as problematic.
In 2014, economist Kevin Dowd claimed the incentives of pooled mining are “totally destructive of the Bitcoin system.” The amount of mining that takes place in China led former Bitcoin developer Mike Hearn to state, “Bitcoin is controlled by the Chinese Government.”
Those who believe bitcoin mining is far too centralized mainly point to factors such as ASIC hardware, where mining takes place, and various mining strategies as the main drivers behind this perceived centralization. In a recent presentation, Bloq Economist Paul Sztorc explained how the problems associated with bitcoin mining centralization may be overstated.
“Mining is, in my view, the single new puzzle piece that makes it all work, but Bitcoin is protected by a lot of awesome things that were created way before mining,” said Sztorc.
Efficient Miners Secure the Network
One of the key points made by Sztorc during his presentation is that miners will always look to mine bitcoin in the most efficient manner possible. The reason much of the mining happens in China is the same reason that miners choose to use hardware specifically designed to find the next block reward.
“They're [both] just the same complaint about efficiency,” said Sztorc. “All miners must efficiency-maximize or they get fired by the protocol. And efficiency improvements are good because they support the network with a higher hashrate.”
According to Sztorc, the fact that mining takes place in China actually makes it harder for Bitcoin to be attacked. “If we didn't have miners in China, it would be cheaper to attack Bitcoin — potentially much cheaper to attack Bitcoin from China,” he said.
Sztorc's point is that mining takes place in China because it is much more efficient to mine there. This helps to protect the Bitcoin network through an increased overall hashrate for the network. It costs much more to attack the network because miners have become increasingly specialized over the years in terms of the hardware they use and where they decide to use that hardware.
Everyone Will Use the Best Strategies
Miners can also use alternative strategies in an effort to increase their revenues at the expense of other miners on the network. In late 2013, Cornell's Ittay Eyal and Emin Gün Sirer claimed the existence of one mining strategy, known as “selfish mining,” meant Bitcoin is fundamentally broken.
Sztorc disagrees. “[With selfish mining], if everyone copies the strategy, you end up right back where you were before minus some headache of going through this process,” he stated during his presentation.
Without getting into the technical details, selfish mining is a strategy that involves a miner being selective about when they publish a new block they've found. A miner can essentially trick other miners into wasting their hashing power by not informing them about the longest chain. This leads to bigger profits for the selfish miner, and it may also lead to other miners joining the selfish miner's pool, thus providing that group of miners with a greater share of the network hashrate.
According to Sztorc, the problem with this theory is that miners have an incentive to use the most efficient mining strategies possible. Much like it makes sense for miners to use ASIC hardware and operate in locations with cheap electricity, it would also make sense for every miner to implement selfish mining if it were the most efficient option.
“People will continue to backstab each other until they're [back where they started],” explained Sztorc. “At which point, everyone might realize that they've only harmed themselves and they'll stop doing this altogether. In reality, of course, nobody would even bother trying this.”
Sztorc added that best practices will be copied by other miners, and users are the ones who benefit via a higher network hashrate.
What Can Miners Even Do with Their Centralization?
One last thing to remember when it comes to bitcoin mining centralization is that miners aren't able to do much with the supposed power that comes via that centralized control. An individual miner is only able to filter transactions in the blocks they mine, while a miner or pool of miners with control of more than 50 percent of the network hashrate can filter or reorder transactions.
“With 51 percent, miners can attempt to reorder or refilter transactions in the immediate past at tremendous cost and risk,” explained Sztorc. “If the attack fails, which it might for a couple of reasons — double agents, bad luck, [or] manual intervention — then the attacking miners lose and the rival miners win.”
“An even greater risk is that the attack succeeds and all of the mining equipment loses all of its value,” added Sztorc.
In Sztorc's view, any sort of attack by miners is countered by the fact that Bitcoin developers and users can always change the proof-of-work hash function, which is essentially a firing of the entire mining community.
Attack vectors for miners will be even less prevalent once privacy and anonymity improvements are added to Bitcoin. Sztorc also sees Layer 2 protocols, such as the Lightning Network, as improvements that will further weaken miners' control over Bitcoin.
“Miners have a very low ability to be mean to us,” said Sztorc. “There's just not a lot they can do. The only things they can do are so unprofitable that they're extraordinarily unlikely to ever be incentive-compatible.”
“Life is tough for the miners,” Sztorc concluded.
If you're a fan of Adult Swim, or of Fox's new partially animated sitcom Son of Zorn, you've probably seen the name Titmouse on your TV screen. They're the animation studio behind some of your favorite late night cartoons, including The Venture Bros. and Metalocalypse. The studio was started in 2000 as a T-shirt company by Chris and Shannon Prynoski, but when they kept getting requests for cartoons, it morphed into the animation studio we know it as today.
Now is a busy, very exciting time for Titmouse. They're gearing up for the release of their first full-length movie, a new season of Venture Bros. is underway, and their New York animators just finished moving into a brand-new studio. I got to sit down with Chris Prynoski and ask him some questions about Venture Bros., Son of Zorn, and how these cartoons come together.
Right off the bat, I had to ask about the upcoming seventh season of Venture Bros.. As someone who spent almost all of his 20s obsessed with that show, I was ecstatic to learn that it was coming back. All he could tell me was that they are currently in the writing stages of the next season.
“It takes a long time to make that show, so I'm not sure what they've announced, but you know, the most general thing is we are making it… I'm sure there's no information on when this thing will be coming out, but expect to wait a little bit of time.”
To give us an idea of how much time we could expect to wait, he took me through the process of how a show like Venture Bros. gets made.
“The process of making Venture Bros., or really any other cartoon is the writing, and then we record the voices, and you do storyboards, and you cut an animatic. Simultaneously while you do the storyboards you're doing designs, location designs off the script, you're doing character designs, all that stuff, cutting animatics,” Prynoski said. All that goes into a pre-production package that lays out the timing of the animation.
“You'll do these things called exposure sheets where you plan out all the action,” Prynoski continued. “Then ship it over to the Korean studio who will do all the animation drawings and send it back, and we work on editing it further, maybe doing animation changes until it's a cartoon and then you do the sound mix, and there you go.”
That whole process typically takes nine months to a year to produce a half hour of animated television. That may sound like a long time, but as you can imagine, they work on a lot simultaneously. A year from now, they'll probably have more than a single episode of the new season completed. That said, it'll probably still be a pretty long time before we hear any more concrete Venture Bros. news.
For their new show Son of Zorn, the animation process is even more complicated. Being a hybrid live-action/animated show (I called it “Roger Rabbit” style), they can't start storyboarding as soon as the episode is written. Employing techniques they learned by working on Disney's Kirby Buckets, they send Titmouse director Barry Kelly to the set so they can coordinate how each shot will look once the animation is added in.
“There's a lot of back and forth, it's not like you do a storyboard for an animated show and that's how it is,” Prynoski said. “You figure out shots that can work, and then they do a rough cut and we do drawings on top of the rough cut to get an animatic, so it's a really different process.” Prynoski also said that one of the show's executive producers, Eric Appel, really likes animation and is very involved in determining the look of each scene. “I love working with him.”
I had to bring up my other great Adult Swim obsession: Metalocalypse. Despite a successful crowdfunding campaign, the network decided not to bring the show back for another season. Brendon Small isn't letting his work go to waste. Some of the music he would have used in Metalocalypse will appear in his upcoming solo concept album, Galaktikon II. Prynoski also said that Titmouse's creative director is drawing the album covers so, in a way they're still involved. He also revealed that they're working with Small on a pilot for a new show.
One thing that's always struck me about much of Titmouse's animation, particularly Adult Swim, is how improvised the dialog can feel. Since everything has to be drawn by hand, I wondered how that happens in animation. Prynoski told me that Metalocalypse the show with the most improvisation involved. Sometimes the voice actors would find the story of a particular episode while they were recording it.
“Sometimes we'd go in the booth and the entire story would get thrown out… It really helps to have funny people as your voice actors who are also good at improv, and if they happen to be the creators of the show, it makes it easier because you do not have to bring actors back every time you have a new idea.” Sometimes the show's editor would be given 45 minutes of improvisation and have to cut it down into an 11-minute show.
Prynoski is especially excited about Nerdland, an R-rated animated comedy that'll see a theatrical release in December. Written by Andrew Kevin Walker (Seven), Prynoski describes the movie as a dark comedy with a nihilistic point of view on fame and Hollywood. The movie has been getting encouraging responses on the festival circuit, and the cast is really exciting. The big stars are Patton Oswalt, Paul Rudd, and Hannibal Burress, but Adult Swim fans might recognize the voices of Brendon Small and Tommy Blacha from Metalocalypse, as well as Chris McCulloch from Venture Bros., and Dana Snyder and Dave Willis from Aqua Teen Hunger Force.
Nerdland is the first feature that is fully theirs. Titmouse has done work for hire on a number of animated features in the past, but this is the first time they've made a full movie all the way through.
“We learned a lot,” Prynoski said. “I directed this one, and I think I'll do a much better job on my next one because you learn… Also, because it's low budget, we had to do it in between other jobs, so it's not like I was full time only directing that movie and nothing else. It was kind of like having a part-time job, but it's a really important part-time job.”
What did help, Prynoski said, was treating the movie like a TV show. “It's 85 minutes, and it ends up being kind of like making a four-hour episode. We broke it up into four ‘reels.'” Breaking the movie up into chunks and working on each as if it were an episode of a show made the whole process more manageable.
Titmouse deals almost entirely in traditional 2D animation that probably isn't going to stop anytime soon. Prynoski says working in 2D allows him to keep budgets small and projects profitable. The low budgets also allow the studio more creative freedom. “The more money you take from people, the more they want to chime in and say what the movie should be, or the more successful it needs to be for them to feel like it was worth it. If you make a movie for $100 million, it's got to make multiple hundreds of millions. If you make a movie for $5 million and it makes $10 million, you're in great shape.”
Fans of hand-drawn 2D animation, and comedy in general should look out for Nerdland when it hits theaters in December.
Ladder Patch Notes
Patch v1.0.2.032
NEW FEATURES
Compete for glory and climb the ranks for prizes in the limited and constructed ladders
Please go here for the complete details on the ladder
Check out our brand-new landing page!
Pass Priority buttons have been updated to improve legibility and prevent accidental turn passing
Landing Page Redesign
Complete redesign of the look and feel of the landing page
Practice has been moved to the Card Collection next to Test Draw
New question mark icon has been added for Help
Here you can access the tutorial, forums, and disable hints
Play Random Opponent has been added to the Tournament page and renamed to Unranked Constructed
Icons for the Store, Auction House, and Stash have been moved from the right to the left side of the navigation bar
The icon for mail has been moved to be with chat
An option has been added to choose between using your system browser and the in game browser
New Tournament Scene
The Ladder system is integrated into the tournament screen
Standard tournaments include: Ranked Constructed, Unranked Constructed, Evolving Sealed Gauntlet, Sealed Gauntlet, and Competitive Draft
Swiss Draft, Constructed Gauntlet, Head to Head, and Scheduled Dailies are no longer available
Special tournaments are any formats specified by time or not listed above
Completed tournaments will display the last 10 tournaments that have ended
Icons with tooltips have been added to each tournament entry to denote its cost, number of packs used, and whether it will affect your ladder ranking
A ladder information panel that shows the tiers and rewards has been added to the bottom of the tournament screen and can be opened by clicking on it
“Play a Game” along with “Wins and Losses” for Gauntlets now display at the bottom of the deck builder
Battle UI
Coin flip notification dialog has been rewritten to be more clear and its visuals updated
The Replace Hand dialog box has been updated
All pass priority buttons have been made larger, font updated, and the flame border removed
Text on pass priority buttons are now more explicit
Button will state when you are passing on an opponent's turn
Button to resolve cards on the chain has been moved to appear next to the card and includes an arrow point to the exact card you are resolving
Icons for attacking, skipping combat, and blocking are now attached to corresponding buttons to make the actions more clear
Declare Attackers message includes minor hint text
By default you cannot hit the spacebar to move through combat in order to prevent players from accidentally skipping the phase
If you try to use the spacebar to skip your combat then a dialog box will appear asking if you would like to bind the space bar to that action in the future
The button for skipping your combat has been made much smaller to avoid accidentally clicking through repetition
Cancel button has been added for when you are making selections for actions
Hitting escape while declaring blockers will now cancel the click instead of bringing up to concede menu
In game messaging for offline opponents now displays correctly
Hovering on a card in play that has been modified will now give a tool tip describing modification and how it was received
GENERAL
Inventory Stash pagination has been updated
Equipment page for posting auctions has been improved
Auction House button has been added to the Store screen
“Cheapest Only” filter has been added to the Auction House
Mail and Auction House filters are now updated to reflect Card Collection
COD UI while composing mail has been improved
Shaders behind finding player UI has been removed
Unread mail is now highlighted while in your inbox
The Confirm Purchase dialog when purchasing packs has been removed
Instructions on the pack opening has been visually improved for legibility
Escape now behaves as the back button when navigating the client, will still open the options menu while in a match or on the home screen
“Standard art” filter has been added to Card Collection
A warning prompt now appears if you attempt to save a deck without gemming your socketable troops
Deck Validation now checks equipment
Message will display when you could be playing equipment for a card
Message will display when you are playing an equipment but not the card
Server Status messaging will now display if you attempt to login during downtime
Items no longer refresh after opening or spinning a chest
Using filters in Card Collection has been greatly sped up
Added ability to choose a default sleeve in the sleeve selection interface
Closing the Select Sleeve window is now done with the top right red X to be consistent with our pop-up windows
Scrolling with the mouse wheel now works properly in the deck portion of the Card Collection
Campaign Card Collection and Talent icons have been changed and moved off of your champion icon to the navigation bar
Leaving the campaign ends on the Champion Selection scene instead of the landing page
Gameplay
Improved the usability of drag and drop to play a card
Text for Socketable Minor and Socketable Major no longer appear on the card when the socket is in use
Modified cards now include a tooltip for the source of the modification
In game messaging for “Shift” has been updated
Arena challenges now display correctly
Challenge reward buffs will now always trigger properly at the start of Arena boss battles
The resource Arena challenge reward now works as intended
Positioning of cards in opposing hands can no longer be tracked
Choice prompts can now be hidden temporarily to evaluate board states by holding down left shift
A warning now appears when 0 targets are selected for a power
Troops no longer incorrectly remain highlighted after selecting to attack
Previously played empower cards can no longer be seen by opponents when returned to your hand or deck
X cost cards with “May play for free” now correctly allows paying value for X
Fixed a bug where damage prevention powers were preventing damage from the first troop selected by the attacker rather than the oldest troop in play
Several encounters in Crayburn Castle have been scaled back in difficulty based on their win percentages:
Whispering Breeze
Scrap Welder
Nerissa
Buccaneer
Gareth Kay
Ridge Raider
Rune Ear Elite
Nori
Ushuul
Moqui
Xilth
Sora
Several Champions in the first Adventure Zone have been modified:
Chained Goliath‘s charge power now reads: “ Pulling at the Chains – At the start of your turn, gain <1> and a charge. Then, the Goliath pulls at the chains, dealing 1 to 3 damage to itself.”
– At the start of your turn, gain <1> and a charge. Then, the Goliath pulls at the chains, dealing 1 to 3 damage to itself.” Savage Lord's charge power now reads: “Savage Summons – : [5] Put the next Dinosaur troop in your deck into play.
Comet Strike modification has been removed from this encounter
The Killipede's passive power now reads: “Opposing troops in all zones have -1 /0 .”
/0 .” Fae Trickster's charge power now reads: “ Crazed Chicanery – : [2] Each opposing champion reveals a random card from their hand and transforms the revealed card into a random card of the same shards.”
– : [2] Each opposing champion reveals a random card from their hand and transforms the revealed card into a random card of the same shards.” The Blood Sapphire Sister Midnight's charge power now reads: “ Consuming Madness – : [3] Bury the top card of target opposing champion's deck. If you buried a resource this way, create a Spiderling and put it into play.
– : [3] Bury the top card of target opposing champion's deck. If you buried a resource this way, create a Spiderling and put it into play. Ambling Bluff‘s charge power now reads: “ Fox on Some Rocks – : [4] Create a Fennec Fox and put it into play.”
– : [4] Create a Fennec Fox and put it into play.” Sandstone Rumbler and the player no longer start the encounter with 5 charges
The following decks in the first Adventure Zone have been scaled back in difficulty based on their win percentages:
Sea Hag
Mind Controlled Manti
Sapphire Wild Sister Midnight
Red Thunder
Each Wormoid in the Eastern Desert
CARDS AND EQUIPMENT
Discuss these changes in our forums!
You probably already owe a debt of gratitude to Wikipedia for helping you get through endless essays and research projects in college, but don't retire those browsing skills just yet. Linknotize is yet another board game that actually requires the players to keep their phones, tablets, or laptops close at hand, because in order to win, you need to click your way between two topics using just an online encyclopedia.
Think of it as a modern take on 'six degrees of separation', but instead of connecting random celebrities, you're connecting random topics assigned from a stack of cards using nothing but in-article links on Wikipedia, or your online encyclopedia of choice. Players have a maximum of three minutes or ten clicks to link one topic to the next, but the faster you can finish with the fewest number of clicks, the better chance you'll have at victory over your opponents.
Advertisement
It's the perfect game for anyone who's ever found themselves falling down the infinitely deep rabbit hole that is Wikipedia, but don't assume you'll instantly be a master. It actually takes a few games to familiarize yourself with certain posts that serve as gateways to other topics. For example, do you know where to find a list of every state in the country on Wikipedia? That's an invaluable tool if you're hunting for landmarks.
The game is now available directly from the Linknotize website for just $25, but you'll also have to factor in the cost of an internet connection, a device with a web browser, and the countless hours of productivity you lost surfing Wikipedia while in college. [Linknotize]
Advertisement
Toyland: We love toys. Join us on Facebook or follow us on Twitter.
The UN Watercourses Convention: A milestone in the history of international water law
February 2nd, 2015
Ariel Litke (Institut d'Etudes Politiques de Paris, France) & Dr. Alistair Rieu-Clarke (University of Dundee, United Kingdom)
This article is the first part in a series of 2 articles by the same author. Part 2 is available here.
International water law (IWL) has developed mainly over the second half of the twentieth century, and has enjoyed increasing legitimacy in recent times.1 A range of legal instruments have progressively strengthened key principles of international water law and defined the rights and duties of states with respect to their uses of shared watercourses such as: the International Law Association's 1966 Helsinki Rules2; the United Nations Economic Commission for Europe 1992 Helsinki Convention3; the International Law Commission's (ILC) 2008 Draft Articles on Transboundary Aquifers4; as well as numerous regional and basin-specific agreements5 and decisions by international courts.
Within the context of the development of IWL, the UN Watercourses Convention (UNWC) holds an important position. The Convention, which entered into force on 17th August 2014, seventeen years after its adoption by the UN General Assembly in 1997, was negotiated on the basis of Draft Articles developed by the ILC. The Convention's final text is the result of ardent discussions between states and the recommendations of no less than five special rapporteurs. The UNWC was proposed as a response to the acknowledgment that a global legal instrument was needed to bolster cooperation between states over their shared water resources and mitigate the potential for conflict. It is also important to note that the UNWC was meant as a global treaty whose role was to support other watercourse treaties by acting as a template and filling the gaps where coverage was lacking.6
Along with the UNECE Helsinki Convention (which will soon be open to accession by non-UNECE members7), the 1997 UNWC is the only global treaty governing transboundary watercourses.6 As a framework convention, it is principle-driven rather than result-driven; it provides rules that can be tailored to the distinct circumstances of each international watercourse and gives liberty to watercourse states to take the actions that suit their needs and interests as required by the singularity of the situation.6 Both the Southern African Development Community (SADC) 2000 Revised Protocol on Shared Watercourses, and the 2009 Agreement on the Nile River Basin Cooperative Framework provide examples of instruments that have tailored the provisions of the 1997 UNWC to a regional and basin-specific context.
The UNWC, which is now widely recognised as the most authoritative source of international water law, is a pivotal document of IWL in a number of ways: it creates a strong framework for water governance arrangements8 and a basic common ground that enhances predictability and encourages reciprocity9; it codifies and clarifies existing norms and develops emerging principles of customary IWL; it constitutes a model that can guide the interpretation of other treaties and the negotiation and drafting of future ones10; and, it has informed the judgments of international and regional courts.6
The key aim of the Convention is to “ensure the utilisation, development, conservation, management and protection of international watercourses and the promotion of the optimal and sustainable utilisation thereof”.11 The provisions of the Convention develop and consolidate fundamental principles of IWL:
Equitable and reasonable use and participation , stipulates that states reconcile any competing claims to an international watercourse on the basis of equity whilst protecting the sustainability of the system. Pursuant to the 1997 UNWC such claims should be reconciled based on all relevant factors and circumstances, and no use enjoys inherent priority (Articles 5 and 6).
, stipulates that states reconcile any competing claims to an international watercourse on the basis of equity whilst protecting the sustainability of the system. Pursuant to the 1997 UNWC such claims should be reconciled based on all relevant factors and circumstances, and no use enjoys inherent priority (Articles 5 and 6). Obligation not to cause significant harm , which places states under a due diligence obligation to take all appropriate measures not to prevent significant harm to other watercourse states, unless it can be ascertained that such harm is both equitable and reasonable (Article 7).
, which places states under a due diligence obligation to take all appropriate measures not to prevent significant harm to other watercourse states, unless it can be ascertained that such harm is both equitable and reasonable (Article 7). Protection of ecosystems , whereby states are under an obligation, either individually or where appropriate jointly, to protect and preserve the ecosystems of an international watercourse (Article 20).
, whereby states are under an obligation, either individually or where appropriate jointly, to protect and preserve the ecosystems of an international watercourse (Article 20). General obligation to cooperate , which requires that states cooperate on the basis of sovereignty, equality, territorial integrity, mutual benefit and good faith (Article 8). Such cooperation may lead to the adoption of watercourse agreements and joint institutions.
, which requires that states cooperate on the basis of sovereignty, equality, territorial integrity, mutual benefit and good faith (Article 8). Such cooperation may lead to the adoption of watercourse agreements and joint institutions. Notification and consultation , whereby states must notify, exchange information and, if necessary, consult and negotiate with other watercourse states, on the possible effects of planned measures that may have a significant adverse effect upon other watercourse states (Part III).
, whereby states must notify, exchange information and, if necessary, consult and negotiate with other watercourse states, on the possible effects of planned measures that may have a significant adverse effect upon other watercourse states (Part III). Regular exchange of data and information , which obliges states to exchange data and information on the condition of the watercourse (Article 9).
, which obliges states to exchange data and information on the condition of the watercourse (Article 9). Peaceful settlement of disputes, which requires states to settle their disputes in a peaceful manner via a range of mechanisms including negotiation, mediation, conciliation, third-party fact-finding, arbitration and adjudication (Article 33).
Despite the importance of the UNWC in codifying and identifying norms of transboundary water law, and the milestone its adoption represented in the development of IWL, it did not come into force until 2014, 17 years later. One of the reasons the Convention eventually reached the required number of ratifications was the forceful, and eventually successful, campaigning by governmental and non-governmental actors to overcome the barriers and setbacks faced by the UNWC's ratification process.
These efforts were spearheaded by the UNWC Global Initiative, an enterprise started by the World Wildlife Fund (WWF) and which played an important role in raising awareness, addressing fears, and securing the support of governments for the Convention. Among those efforts, a UNWC User's Guide was developed. The User's Guide, which was later supplemented by a website and additional online resources, is a vital tool to make the Convention more accessible and comprehensible to the greatest number of interested actors possible. The second part of this series looks at the role of the User's Guide in helping to secure ratification of the Convention.
References:
McCaffrey 2013. ‘The progressive development of international water law', in F. Rocha Loures and A. Rieu-Clarke (eds.), The UN Watercourses in Force: Strengthening international law for transboundary water management, Routledge, New York. International Law Association (ILA), 1967. ‘Helsinki rules on the uses of the waters of international rivers', Report of the 52nd Conference 484. United Nations Economic Commission for Europe (UNECE), 1992. ‘UNECE Convention on the Protection and Use of Transboundary Watercourses and International Lakes' (adopted 17 March 1992, entered into force 6 October 1996), 1936 UNTS 269; 31 ILM 1312. International Law Commission (ILC), 2008. ‘Draft articles on the law of transboundary aquifers', Report on the work of its 60th Session, 63 U.N. GAOR Supplement No. 10, U.N. Doc. A/63/10. Wolf, A.T., 2002. ‘Atlas of international freshwater agreements'. Available at: http://www.transboundarywaters.orst.edu/publications/atlas/ McCaffrey, S., 1998. ‘The UN Convention on the Law of Non-Navigational Uses of International Watercourses: prospects and pitfalls', in S.M.A. Salman and L.B. de Chazournes (eds), International Watercourses: Enhancing cooperation and managing conflict, World Bank, Washington, pp. 17-27. UNECE 2013. ‘UNECE water convention goes global'. Available at: http://www.unece.org/index.php?id=32154 Rieu-Clarke, A. and Hayward, K., 2007. ‘Entry into force of the 1997 UN Watercourses Convention: barriers, benefits and prospects', Water 219(6):12-16. Rieu-Clarke, A. and Lopez, A., 2013. ‘Why have states joined the UN Watercourses Convention?', in F. Rocha Loures and A. Rieu-Clarke (eds.), The UN Watercourses in Force: Strengthening international law for transboundary water management, Routledge, New York. Rocha Loures, F., Rieu-Clarke, A., Dellapenna, J.W. and Lammers, J., 2013. ‘The authority and function of the UN Watercourses Convention', in F. Rocha Loures and A. Rieu-Clarke (eds.), The UN Watercourses in Force: Strengthening international law for transboundary water management, Routledge, New York. UNWC 1997 United Nations Watercourses Convention (UNWC), 1997. ‘Preamble'. Available at: http://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/391260/UN%20Watercourses%20Convention%20-%20User%27s%20Guide.pdf Rieu-Clarke, Moynihan, R. and Magsig, B.O., 2012. UN Watercourses Convention  User's Guide, Centre for Water Law, Policy and Science, University of Dundee. Available at: http://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/391260/UN%20Watercourses%20Convention%20-%20User%27s%20Guide.pdf
Ariel Litke is an intern at the Centre for Water Law, Policy and Science. He is currently pursuing an LLM in Economic Law at Sciences Po, Paris. In 2014, he graduated Summa Cum Laude from Sciences Po with a MA in Human Rights in hand. He also holds a BA in International Relations from University of Geneva, for which he graduated top of his class and was awarded the prize for best bachelor's thesis (law). Alistair Rieu-Clarke is a Reader in International Law at the Centre for Water Law, Policy and Science at the University of Dundee. He holds an LLB in Scots law, an LLM in natural resources law and policy (with distinction), and a PhD in sustainable development, water and international law. Rieu-Clarke's research interests focus on assessing the effectiveness of transboundary watercourse treaty regimes and he has published extensively in the field of international law and water resources management.
The views expressed in this article belong to the individual authors and do not represent the views of the Global Water Forum, the UNESCO Chair in Water Economics and Transboundary Water Governance, UNESCO, the Australian National University, or any of the institutions to which the authors are associated. Please see the Global Water Forum terms and conditions here.
PORTLAND, Ore. – The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers acted unlawfully by not considering other alternatives to killing thousands of cormorants along the Columbia River, a federal district court ruled.
The plan to kill up to 10,000 of the birds will remain in place, however, because it is helping the river's endangered salmon population.
The corps has killed more than 4,500 birds over the past year in an effort to protect the salmon.
The court found the corps violated the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 because it did not “consider reasonable alternatives in developing the management plan” for the cormorants.
Bob Sallinger, conservation director with the Audubon Society of Portland, called the judge's ruling “deeply disappointing.”
“The federal government has repeatedly broken the law, failed to address the primary causes of salmon declines on the Columbia River, and overstated the benefits of killing Cormorants,” Sallinger said in a news release. “Yet the Corps is allowed to continue killing thousands of protected birds. It is time for the government to stop this slaughter and recognize that its cormorant killing program rests on a foundation of broken laws.”
John Rolfe says mining royalties shouldn't be reduced as Queensland Resources Council warns jobs will be on chopping block without relief
The downturn in the coal industry will last longer than expected and prices won't improve until at least 2020, an economics professor has warned.
The dire prediction comes as the Queensland Resources Council lobbies the Queensland premier, Annastacia Palaszczuk, for emergency relief measures to help prop up the state's ailing coalmines and save thousands of jobs.
An economics professor at Central Queensland University, John Rolfe, said the downturn in coal prices was expected to last another four years, which was much longer than previously thought.
Adani freezes investment in Carmichael mine until world coal price recovers Read more
“Nobody predicted that the slowdown in mineral energy prices would be as swift or as long reaching,” he told ABC Radio on Tuesday. “So these sorts of costs weren't seen as an issue even two years ago.”
However, Rolfe doesn't agree with reducing royalties to the state government, which is among the measures the QRC is pushing for after a report painted a bleak picture of the coal industry.
The report, by mining sector analysts Wood Mackenzie, found a third of Queensland coalmines are running at a loss and more than half of the mines producing thermal coal for power stations are in the same position.
Cockatoo Coal's Baralaba mine has become the latest Queensland coalmine to halt production.
The mine, which went into administration last year, has been put into care and maintenance mode to protect the value of assets while a possible sale structure is examined, the ABC reports.
The chief executive of the QRC, Michael Roche, has warned 21,000 jobs have been lost in the sector and more of the remaining 60,000 will be on the chopping block unless the state government offers relief.
More filming pickups for May this year?
at 11:21 am by January 10, 201411:21 am by greendragon
Although officially all shooting for Peter Jackson's Hobbit movies wrapped at the end of pickups last year, the cast have always said that they expect to head back sometime this year. In his interview with TheOneRing.net last November, Richard Armitage said, ‘We have nothing official at the moment; but knowing Pete, knowing what that third movie needs to be like, you know, his taste and what he's aiming for, I have no doubt in my mind that we'll be going back to do more stuff … On the last day of the shoot, he [PJ] put his arms around me, and he gave me a big hug and said, ‘See you next year.' And I was like, ‘What, do you mean for the Premiere?' and he went, ‘No, no; we'll be back here again…' ‘
Now there is the first hint of a confirmation that there will indeed be further pickups to complete the third movie, The Hobbit: There and Back Again. The business section of newspaper Irish Examiner contains this article about actor James Nesbitt's entertainment firm Brown Cow Films Ltd; at the very end of the article is the line, ‘Nesbitt confirmed that he is returning to New Zealand in around May for the filming of the third Hobbit movie.'
There and Back Again indeed! It looks like New Zealand may be becoming Middle-earth, and the fellowship of companions may be gathering, for one last journey in a few months' time. And that is an encouraging thought.
It struck me on a recent trip south that Melburnians appear to be living in some sort of nirvana. Not only is there no 1.30am lockout, no discernable traffic and no State of Origin, but property in Melbourne is vaguely affordable, whether to rent or buy.
As a born and bred Sydneysider, this is astounding. Here, a fibro shack within cooee of a train station will soak up most of your income. There, agents are flogging new CBD apartments for $400 a week.
Chris Johnson, head of the Urban Taskforce which represents property developers, says Sydney's price premium is partly driven by our harbour views, which drive the top end of the market. But Melbourne has also done a much better of job of building sufficient housing for its growing population, particularly in the inner city.
“[Sydney's] slow supply has a big impact on the cost of housing because there's just not enough of it," Johnson says.
New government figures published by the Herald show an additional 2 million people will live in NSW by 2031, and more than 660,000 homes will need to materialise in Sydney itself. These are revised forecasts and could be revised upward again.
There is a new genre galloping onto the horizon. If you live in an inner city and do not frequent many country fairs it may have passed you by but deep equestrian is slowly trotting into the public consciousness. Most UK music genres emerge from London boroughs where as deep equestrian originates from deepest, darkest Kent.
What is Deep Equestrian?
It all began when a farmer with too much time on his hands got tired of wanking to episodes of Black Beauty and began experimenting to design a form of entertainment for his favourite companion, his horse. Pretty soon it spiraled into a countryside phenomenon. It's been referred to some as biological techno or deep horse and is expected to spawn similar spin off genres using other animals.
But really, what is it??
“It is a simple galloping 4/4 beat with the sounds of my horses mixed in,” so says founder Danbridge Punting-Mollenoux. “I stumbled across the biggest niche genre since Beatport invented the very concept of genres themselves.”
“At first I was only interested in creating customised headphones so that my horse wouldn't feel alone on long rides but after creating the first prototype headsets and playing him some Blawan he became scared and I thought ‘why not download Garage Band and make some music the horses would really enjoy.'”
Danbridge then recorded the sound of his horse in different moods, like running or hungry, and found that the horse reacted to the emotion when the sound was played back.
“I knew then that I had single handedly created the first type of music that wasn't made specifically for humans – deep equestrian.”
Deep equestrian's big break came at the annual Countrytastic Fair in Worcestershire in early spring. Seeing his chance to show off the genre he made Danbridge set up a stall with a PA and began to blast deep equestrian sounds out to the unsuspecting equines – what happened next he couldn't believe.
“Horses from far and wide began flocking to my stand, they started to gallop, and then even trot in time with the music, just like my own horse does.”
“It may seem like a pointless endeavour because the fan feedback you receive is minimal, however there are about 3.5 million horses in the UK alone so it's quite a huge market,” explained Danbridge. “Horses and farmers alike have been going crazy for it and the orders are coming in for the bespoke headphones, I can hardly keep up.”
“I have more money than sense and more time than both. I can't wait to be a millionaire all over again, but I do it for the love of dancing animals really.”
He has already been approached by Beats Audio to mass produce the headphones on a global scale with prototype names such as ‘Hay Beats' and ‘Neigh Beats'.
“Pretty soon every horse in the world will be listening to deep equestrian.”
Loop masters have been busy compiling a deep equestrian sample pack which should be available soon, although Danbridge claims that they are capitalizing on his invention, “I don't understand people that use sample packs, why not make the sounds yourself? Just buy a horse and a bit of land! It's not that difficult!”
Estimates suggest that you would be paying thousands of pounds for the authentic deep equestrian sound but some high profile early adopters such as Richie Hawtin have bought their own horses in order to perfect the sounds of the new genre.
Already at country fairs we're beginning to see ketamine riddled horse raves in blacked out tents, with farmers behind the decks blasting their latest creations and it‘s spreading. People passing around sugar cubes laced with acid for the horses. The horse riders laughing to themselves because they truly are the most jockey of disc jockeys, while spinning out on mind bending substances such as caviar and bucks fizz.
We wish Danbridge the best of luck and who knows we may see a new chart emerging solely for horses and for other specialist animals.
If you love animals and genres that begin with deep then spread the love for deep equestrian and share this post!!
Former Ohio Representative Dennis Kucinich has signed a multi-year contract to appear on Fox News as a contributor, the network announced today, reminding everyone that he once saw a UFO and did battle with an olive pit. “I've always been impressed with Rep. Kucinich's fearlessness and thoughtfulness about important issues,” said Fox News boss Roger Ailes in a statement. “His willingness to take a stand from his point of view makes him a valuable voice in our country's debate.” The two-time presidential long shot added, “Fox News has always provided me with an opportunity to share my perspective with its enormous viewership,” in reference to his appearances across the network, from Fox and Friends to The O'Reilly Factor, where Kucinich will debut as an official team member tomorrow.
The career Democrat may have been auditioning last fall, when he joined the Fox News charge against President Obama on Libya and argued, “We still don't know what happened that resulted in the deaths of four Americans.”
Back when he was a presidential candidate thirsty for airtime, Kucinich said, “Certainly many Fox viewers are not part of the traditional Democratic base, but they have a right to hear from the Democratic candidates and we as candidates have an obligation to reach out to them.” He added, “I know some people object to Fox News, and they take issue with Fox coverage, and the way Fox covers the news. I've taken issue with Fox on many occasions, but I don't hesitate to be questioned by Fox or any of its affiliates.” In the Fox News universe, that's maverick-ish. It's also called foresight.
The House of Commons passes into law a fiscal charter which enshrines in the short term another period of severe austerity, and thereafter commits the government to a crazy fiscal rule. The media (with one or two notable exceptions) focus on Labour U-turns and 20 odd abstentions. The Labour leadership have only themselves to blame of course. Which given the way the media operates is true. But does it have to be this way?
Behind the gimmick of a charter is a real policy that will impact on everyone. This policy is the reason the government will make substantial cuts to tax credits for millions of poorer working people, making their already difficult lives substantially harder. George Osborne said as much in his budget speech . Would these people really think that this was of less interest than endless discussion of Labour embarrassment? Who are television news programmes made for: ordinary people who receive tax credits or a Westminister bubble obsessed with political process?
The charter is all about macroeconomics: fiscal policy and fiscal rules. There is an academic literature on fiscal policy and fiscal rules. I have not come across a single non-partisan academic economist who supports this charter, and certainly not one who knows about this literature. For an academic discipline that is always accused of being hopelessly divided, that is saying something. The reasons are not that difficult to get across:
The policy restricts public investment at just the time that public investment should be high because borrowing and labour are cheap. Its a near universal view among economists that now is the time for higher public investment.
Targeting a surplus year in and year out is likely to lead to harmful volatility in tax rates or spending. All macro theory says the deficit in the short-term should be a shock absorber.
If the charter is achieved, it will bring debt down ridiculously fast, penalising the current working generation.
Fiscal austerity when interest rates are very low is never a good idea
Again with the exception of a few newspapers, I heard nothing of this in media reporting. Instead I heard misleading statements, like you needed surpluses to get debt down when what matters is the debt/GDP ratio. (2% deficits with normal growth will reduce the debt ratio.)
With their new album Compassion set for release March 18th via Sacred Bones, Copenhagen trio Lust For Youth recently shared new single Sudden Ambitions from the record. The band have now completed a music video for the track with their long-time collaborator and director, Frederik Valentin.
Filmed hand-held style, the video depicts various scenic shots of the band's hometown neighborhood Amager, Copenhagen – a local swim team practice, Valentin's younger brother (modeling the latest Posh Isolation gear), and features cameos from the band members.
Sudden Ambitions is another glorious 80s inspired electro-pop piece that invokes the likes of INXS, Tears For Fears and New Order.
Lust For Youth will be heading out on tour next month with shows in LA, NYC, and Austin for SXSW before heading back to the UK and Europe for a string of dates. Tour dates are below.
Tour dates:
By Rashid Shirinov
A number of existing conflicts, including Nagorno-Karabakh, currently pose a threat to the security not only in the South Caucasus, but in the whole European Union, Georgian Premier Minister Giorgi Kvirikashvili said on April 20.
He made the remark at the 4th South Caucasus Security Forum taking place in Tbilisi.
“The international community should pay a special attention to these issues and the conflicts should be resolved in the nearest time,” stressed Kvirikashvili.
Head of the Foreign Policy Analysis Department at the Center for Strategic Studies under the President of Azerbaijan Javid Valiyev, who also attended the conference, provided extensive information about conflicts in the South Caucasus, particularly about the Karabakh conflict.
He brought to the attention of the audience the position of Baku on this issue.
Valiyev noted that events of April 2016 on the line of contact between the Armenian and Azerbaijani troops once again showed that Azerbaijan is able to liberate its territory from the occupation in a short time.
“However, Baku is a supporter of peace and therefore advocates the settlement of the conflict through peaceful negotiations,” he said.
For more than two decades Armenia and Azerbaijan are in a state of war following Yerevan's aggression, ethnic cleansing policy and illegal territorial claims against Azerbaijan. Armenia keeps under control over 20 percent of Azerbaijan's internationally recognized territory, including Nagorno-Karabakh and seven adjacent regions in a brutal war in the early 1990s.
Despite a fragile ceasefire agreement signed in 1994, Armenia keeps violating armistice with Azerbaijan.
---
Rashid Shirinov is AzerNews' staff journalist, follow him on Twitter: @RashidShirinov
Follow us on Twitter @AzerNewsAz
Green leader congratulates parents of 1,983 new babies
Natalie Bennett, leader of the Green Party of England and Wales, tonight congratulated the parents of the 1,983 babies estimated to have been born in the UK today. Her congratulations come after the announcement of the birth of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's new son. Bennett said: “I hope all of the children have a healthy, fulfilling, financially secure life.”
On the royal baby in particular, Bennett added: “I hope that by the time this child comes of age, with the right to vote at age 16, that the hereditary principle will have disappeared from all aspects of the constitution. The new baby might then have the same civil rights and fiscal obligations as all other citizens. I would wish the baby the same chance to become a democratically elected head of state as any other individual.”
The media frenzy kicked off by the anticipated arrival of the royal baby was also met with the launch of the #bornEqual campaign by Republic, a leading republican pressure group in the UK. The campaign operates on the premise that “all children should all be able to aspire for the top job and make their own path in life”, arguing that “the arrival of a new prince or princess highlights the unfairness of the hereditary principle – for the millions of children told they'll never be good enough and for the baby whose life has been predetermined”.
A Tempest on a Tea Cart
Why those crunchy silver balls are disappearing from California's Christmas cookies
Pollock's lawsuit swept through the close-knit world of American cake decorating like a hot knife through icing. Despite no law specifically outlawing dragees, private citizen Pollock took it upon himself to rid every last supermarket shelf, specialty food store and mail-order purveyor in California of those tiny silver-covered sugar balls you've been licking or flicking off the top of your cupcakes since you were a tyke.
To be precise, on April 23, 2003, Pollock and his lone associate, Evangeline James, sued Alvarez and a who's who of names from the bakery world: "Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia Inc.; Dean & Deluca Inc.; Chefshop.com Inc.; Pfeil & Holing Inc.; Kitchen Etc.; Q.A. Products Inc.; Confectionary House; Beryl's Cake Decorating & Pastry Supplies; American Cake Supply; Albert Uster Imports Inc.; Do It With Icing; Cooking.com Inc.; Candyland Crafts Inc.; Favors by Lisa; Sugarbakers Cake, Candy and Wedding Supplies Inc.; Kitchen Conservatory Inc.; American Gourmet Foods Inc.; Annerose Hess d.b.a. Ohess; Pastry Wiz; Barry Farm Enterprises; GM Cake and Candy Supplies d.b.a. Cybercakes; Babykakes; and Does 1 through 100 inclusive."
Mark Pollock is a Napa-based environmental lawyer, a former Bay Area student radical and lover of fine food. Gloria Alvarez is a resident of Culver City who, for the last 33 years, has owned and operated Gloria's Cake & Candy Supplies, a tiny Westside culinary landmark jammed into a former American Legion Hall near the intersection of Sawtelle and Venice. Pollock and the seventysomething Alvarez have more than a little in common.
Pollock's suit was an attempt to get a potentially dangerous substance out of the hands and stomachs of the California public. But to Alvarez and her colleagues, it was as if they were being blackmailed by a distant tree-hugger.
Looking at the bigger picture, however, their confrontation becomes a battle between good health and environmental toxins; political correctness and practical sense; Big Government and laissez faire; baby boomer foodies and the much younger fist-waving progressives. But in the end, it was no contest. Can you guess who won?
*
"I was surprised. I was nauseated," Alvarez says, recalling the day she was served with Pollock's lawsuit. She is a usually good-natured woman with the round-cheeked face of a Madame Alexander doll. Her store is overflowing with products such as Barbie-shaped baking pans, bride-and-groom wedding cake decorations and many, many shades of coloring gel and "luster dust."
She was baffled by the lawsuit. Alarmed, she hired a lawyer to negotiate a settlement and removed the dragees from her store shelves. Her final bill was $3,000, most of which, she says with some embarrassment, went to pay her own attorney.
She then called her insurance company to see if she was covered for the legal expense and loss of business. No, said the company, because it's legal to sell silver dragees in California as long as they are in packages or bottles labeled "Not for Human Consumption" or "For Decorating Purposes Only," which they are. There is no federal law prohibiting their sale. Of course, says Alvarez, for whom dragee sales ("Mostly for gingerbread houses") amount to less than 5% of her business, people have been known to pop a silver dragee or three into their mouths, especially at Christmastime. But so what? "Nobody's ever gotten sick from dragees," she says. "And they've been eating these things, especially in Europe, for hundreds of years."
*
Pollock tells a different story. "This is a poison," he says, gesturing at several bottles of dragees on his conference room table. "It is, by [the manufacturers'] own admission, not edible. And yet they're producing it in a way that induces consumption. They're making it out of sugar and intentionally allowing it to be put on--desserts!"
Point taken. The 56-year-old Pollock speaks with confident authority. Although he is an unreconstructed radical, he looks great in a lawyer's crisp striped dress shirt, dress pants and tie. A former SDS member, he entered law school at the University of La Verne to help cleanse the system from within.
His first encounter with dragees, he recalls, was in December 1992, when he was heading the Solano County district attorney's environmental crime unit. While shopping in his local supermarket, he passed the cake decorating display and spotted something unusual. "I saw the little silver dragees sitting up there along with the little pink hearts and the chocolate sprinkles and the other confections. And I noticed something that I hadn't seen before." That was, he says, the notice that silver dragees should be used only as decoration.
"And I thought: That's weird. I've eaten these things. These are typically on a Christmas cookie that is shaped like a Christmas tree and the little silver balls are like little jawbreakers. What do you mean 'Use only as a decoration?' "
Lebanon enjoys a relative degree of sexual tolerance and freedom compared to the rest of the Middle East, but when two gay men were beaten up by police in broad daylight and nobody said or did anything to stop it, Beirut's gays and lesbians decided to stand up. Last week, more than 200 gay and lesbian Lebanese gathered in peaceful protest of the police beating, as well as protesting Article 534 of the Penal Code, which condemns “unnatural sexual intercourse”, marking the first ever gay protest in the Arab world, according to organizers.
Now Lebanon reports (via Lebanese gay rights organizers Helem):
“Hundreds of people armed with rainbow flags and signs denouncing violence and discrimination against homosexuals and other minority groups in Lebanon gathered at Beirut's Sodeco square amid pouring rain on Sunday afternoon for a demonstration.
The event, the first of its kind in the Arab world according to the organizers, was staged by the Beirut-based Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender, Intersex, Queer (LGBTIQ) support organization Helem, and also featured representatives from Lebanese rights groups Kafa, KAFA, TYMAT and SIDC.
Twenty-six year old Maya, holding a sign reading, “Feminists Against Violence” told NOW Lebanon she had come to the demonstration to give a “statement.”
“I want to say that I denounce violence on all levels, against homosexuals and disadvantaged groups in my country,” she said.
Next to Maya stood a protestor waving a sign in front of curious photographers saying, “I don't believe in a country where it's more acceptable for two men to hold guns than two men to hold hands.”
The demonstration was a direct response to a recent incident of anti-gay violence in Achrafieh, in which two men allegedly engaging in sexual conduct in the entrance of a building were dragged out onto nearby Sassine Square and severely beaten.”
When my 8 year-old nephew told me that the comedy creep-fest Clifford was the funniest film he had ever seen, I almost wept with pride. You see, when I was a young'un, my brother stole a VHS copy of Clifford. He made my sister (my nephew's mother) and I watch it. We did watch it, after school for months. We lost our shit each time.
CLIFFORD
USA, 1994, Paul Flaherty
You're probably thinking why have I been allowed to use this enchanting website to write about Clifford?
On the DVD cover it appears to be a run-of-a-mill Hollywood comedy misfire, featuring a favourable but ill-advised cast standing in front of a burning house that doesn't actually appear in the movie.
Richard Kind and Charles Grodin, respectively play Clifford's massively-stressed out dad (known to Clifford as pappy) and Clifford's massively-stressed out uncle. It also features Mary Steenburgen, Dabney Coleman, Fred Savage's less famous brother and of course slapsticking tiny man Martin Short as 10 year-old Clifford.
That's right, a 40 YEAR-OLD ADULT MAN PLAYS A 10 YEAR-OLD HUMAN BOY. Yes, that is baffling and no, it isn't integral to the plot, like in 2009's Orphan. It makes no bloody sense why. Did Martin Short kneecap all the children auditioning for the part? I don't fucking know.
Short briefly talks about it in this 1994 Regis & Kathie Lee interview, like it's a common thing to do in cinema and audiences wouldn't question why a 40 YEAR-OLD ADULT MAN IS PLAYING A 10 YEAR-OLD HUMAN BOY.
The other moment worth seeing in this insipid but fascinating interview is discovering Grodin improvised the best line in the film. I'll get to that later. Calm the hell down.
Paul Flaherty directed Clifford. He wrote and directed on the famed sketch show SCTV and other Martin Short shows including Primetime Glick and the aptly-named The Martin Short Show. He also directed George Burns' completely plausible bodyswapping classic 18 Again!.
Flaherty brings a cheap TV look to Clifford but successfully fools the viewer that Martin Short is a child and not a fully-grown man. I guess. The film is shot by Academy Award-winning cinematographer John A. Alonzo of Scarface and Chinatown fame.
Jay Dee Rock and Bobby von Hayes are credited for writing. But they have no other IMDB credits, and because my facebook-stalking of the key people behind the scenes on Clifford came up with nought, I'm assuming these names are fakes.
Clifford begins in the future, coincidentally starting similarly to The Princess Bride, with an old man imparting a cracking story to a wise-ass Savage brother. In this case Clifford is an old priest warning Fred Savage's less famous brother about what might happen if Fred Savage's less famous brother continues on his trouble-making trek.
Cut to Clifford as a 10 year-old reprobate on a plane wearing a bowtie/suit/shorts combo. As my nephew sagely put, “You don't see any kids about town in a suit like that.” I now know what I'm getting him for his birthday.
So Clifford and his toy dinosaur Stephan are flying to Honolulu, while desperately trying to convince his stroke-waiting-to-happen pappy and his alcoholic mother to stop in LA so he can visit Dinosaur World. At one disturbing moment kissing his mother's arm, calling her, “Sweet one that birthed me.” Most disturbingly, as a teenager, this is how I addressed my mum in the birthday and Christmas cards I made for her.
Once Clifford causes the plane to emergency land in LA, Clifford's pappy is clutching at straws. He needs to get to Honolulu for business but he doesn't want Clifford around sticking dinosaurs up his nose.
Julian convinces his brother Martin (Grodin) to look after Clifford. Fortunately, Martin needs to convince his ladyfriend Sarah (Steenburgen) that he does in fact like children. Cue Clifford and his perpetual psychopathic smile.
Clifford is hell-bent on visiting Dinosaur World, but uncle Martin's job, designing a new public transportation system for LA (which LA fucking needs), gets in the way of Clifford's pursuit, Clifford turns full mental.
Each time Short and Grodin are on screen together, cinematic magic happens. That's if your idea of cinematic magic is Grodin popping forehead veins every time Short unleashes Clifford's unbridled creepiness.
Such moments include Clifford paying a fat boy for his dinosaur costume and then leaving the fat boy in the toilets with nothing but his underwear and a palmful of cash; swapping uncle Martin's chapstick for lipstick (my nephew's favourite moment); and developing a weird crush on Martin's ladyfriend. Not to mention whenever Clifford innocently plays his recorder. Or when he pulls a face – the other thing my nephew noticed. “You don't see kids about town pulling faces like that.” Alright Isaac, shut up and let me finish writing.
After Clifford has successfully ruined uncle Martin's life. Martin goes into a Zen-like insanity and almost murders Clifford at Dinosaur World. And then saves him. Phew.
Clifford raises an important question for viewers. Is it okay to violently harm bad children? Yes.
Clifford concludes with old priest Clifford in the future preaching a message to Fred Savage's less famous brother about how he'll never be more famous than his brother. Or something. I don't know. All I know is this film tarnished my childhood. Thanks to Clifford I have on occasional sung this song on train platforms.
I can only hope it tarnishes my nephew's childhood.
Short and Grodin give amazing performances. So much so, after sharing Clifford with my girlfriend for the first time (she loves me even more now), their performances sent me on a weekend long Martin and Grodin YouTube binge. Sadly, not long after Clifford was released Grodin retired from acting (albeit appearing in the occasional role).
Clifford was kept on the shelf for 3 years, but trust me, if you haven't seen it and when you do, not only will you be asking “Why does this exist?” you will also be asking “Thank you?”
Now, here is Charles Grodin's aforementioned amazing improvised line. This is the greatest moment of Martin Short and Grodin's career. Probably.
The horrific death of the American student Otto Warmbier after 17 months' imprisonment in North Korea has put my own years of mischief in the secretive country into sharp focus.
Warmbier, a 22-year-old from the University of Virginia, was arrested in January 2016 and sentenced to 15 years' hard labour for allegedly attempting to steal a propaganda poster from the hotel he was staying in. He disappeared for more than a year, only to resurface last week when he was flown to the US, suffering an unresponsive coma that led to his death on 19 June.
Tour firm used by Otto Warmbier stops taking US citizens to North Korea Read more
For those with only an arms-length awareness of North Korea, his tale is as terrifying as it is absurd – but for me, having visited the country on more than one occasion, it has been a fearsome reality check that only adds to my understanding of the absolute tragedy of his fate.
I travelled with YPT – Young Pioneer Tours – which was responsible for Warmbier's visit, on my first trip to the country in 2009, when its founder, Gareth Johnson, was still hustling for business in the travel forums of the Couchsurfing website. At the age of 23 I drank down the sales pitch of “budget trips to destinations your mother would rather you stayed away from”, and its logic of intrigue, adventure and daring - with no real sense of the risks.
Over the years of its operation Young Pioneer Tours has developed a reputation for gung ho and unruly alcohol-fuelled youths, propagating an unreal idea of North Korea where safety is an afterthought. Its culture trickles down to their guests – Warmbier was reportedly up drinking until 5am on the night of his “crime”, and YPT says it was unaware he had even been separated from the group by Korean officials until they had boarded the plane home. A quick Google of “young pioneer tours drunk” will bring up plenty of anecdotes of this kind of behaviour, usually from disgruntled non-drinkers, reporting on alcohol-induced bad behaviour by guides, travel companions or both.
I can add to the chorus. Johnson was supposed to lead me and a group of friends on the one-week excursion, but I only ever met him once in the end, in a diplomatic hospital in Pyongyang. He had broken his leg after trying to either board or disembark from a moving train heading towards the capital. The wife of one of his colleagues took his place.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The Yanggakdo International Hotel where ‘Warmbier's dash along the secret floor was a rite of passage for twentysomethings'. Photograph: Ed Jones/AFP/Getty Images
The boozy logic of the company and its trips was fuelled by a bizarre, maladaptive nihilism that, much like the panopticon-like nature of North Korea itself, we were all to some degree forced to engage with. This wasn't always completely bad. There was a lot of leeway with what we felt we could get away with in the supposedly “hermit” kingdom – and in truth most of the time we had a lot of fun feeling like we were flouting the rules and proving the world wrong. Warmbier's dash along the “secret floor” of the Yanggakdo International Hotel in Pyongyang was a rite of passage for misbehaving twentysomethings looking for thrills, spills and stories to brag about back home. These games were never discouraged by YPT – and several of us had a go. Warmbier's simple mistake was to unwittingly overstep the ambiguous boundaries by trying to bring back a forbidden trophy.
The shock of Warmbier's initial arrest and his wretched, seemingly forced, confession of guilt; his disappearance and reappearance in a coma over a year later, followed by his almost immediate death; the rattling confusion of there being no information on how or why any of this happened – all this triggered memories in me of events that could have plausibly escalated in the same deadly way for me.
The time our bus was held up and our belongings were searched because the North Koreans thought someone might have stolen a towel. No big deal, right? The time I agreed to a North Korean girl's request to take a love letter back to London (to give to someone I knew who had also visited North Korea), warning me not to let it be found at the border. The time that same visitor was held at the border at the end of his next visit, for ripping his photo out of his visa and giving it to her. OK, maybe that was pushing it a bit. But looking back, any of these things could have kickstarted a similar tragedy had it suited our hosts, and I'm gobsmacked by the naivety under which we all laboured.
What do we know about how Otto Warmbier's health deteriorated? It is impossible to get reliable information about the welfare and treatment of foreigners detained in North Korea, and the Ohio coroner's office has not been able to determine the cause of death after carrying out an external examination. We do know that the student was medically evacuated from North Korea on 13 June and flown to the US, where he died on 19 June. No evidence has emerged to support North Korea's claim that Warmbier fell into a coma after contracting botulism and taking a sleeping pill. Doctors in the US have said his condition was probably caused by a heart attack that cut the blood supply to his brain. His parents, who have asked doctors not to conduct an autopsy, did not cite a specific cause of death but blamed “awful, torturous mistreatment” by North Korea. But doctors in the US said there was no evidence that Warmbier had been beaten. Any number of factors could be behind the deterioration in Warmbier's health during his time in prison: poor hygienic conditions, malnutrition or lack of proper medical care may have been responsible for a coma that North Korean doctors were unable to treat. Read more
A year after that first trip, still feeling naively invincible and hungry for more adventure, I separately returned to the north of the country with two friends and ended up getting held hostage for 24 hours, for my friends' crime of wanting to go to the Chinese consulate to update their visas. Spying an opportunity to mess with us, the North Koreans in charge confiscated our passports and refused us contact with the British embassy as part of a poorly thought-out extortion attempt.
Luckily our handlers were either bad gangsters and not experienced in the art of crime or, being at the isolated tip of the country, were not sufficiently plugged into the state's Kafkaesque matrix of dependency-led mafiadom to let our situation escalate into who knows what. They quickly gave up harassing us when they ran out of a pretty small set of strategic moves and booted us back into China having taken little more than the €300 in cash we had between us, and my friend's London Transport Museum wristwatch – a small price to pay for freedom.
Looking back now I feel lucky that the ice never broke beneath my feet. YPT made little substantial comment at the time of Warmbier's arrest and its tours continued – only now, in response to his death, has the company announced that it will no longer be taking US citizens to the country.
But the rest of us are still invited on to the same party-tastic tightrope that I and Otto Warmbier, and thousands of others, danced on during one of YPT's “18-30s in the danger zone” excursions in the most isolated nation on earth. Now that there are no illusions about just how bad a fall can be, how many will still be willing to accept this as a one-off tragedy – when one is already too many?
We sat upon the hill under a giant oak tree next to Garrett Heights Elementary School, my old alma mater. Many an idyllic summer's eve was spent there, between Junior High and High School, with Mike and Kevin pondering our prospective futures. Through a misty haze of herb and beers, we laughed off the fears and impossibilities of life in the grown-up, normal, modern world. Off in the distance poking out from above the tree line was Baltimore City. The pointed spire of the Bank of America building and the cold gray square of the USF&G tower glimmered like “Emerald City.” What magical wondrous things were in store for us down there in Baltimore, the city of our dreams?
Kevin's dream ended abruptly that fall at the age of 18 from a drug overdose. He was the first casualty of many to follow throughout my life. Mike and I made it to the city together and soldiered on to be the survivors we are today. As artists, poets, musicians… we somehow eked out a life in Baltimore. Initially finding apartments and lofts in warehouses, abandoned storefronts, alley carriage houses, anywhere we could find cheap rents. I shared a loft with other likeminded folks in the late 1970s above “Hanratty's Pub” on Eutaw St. between Franklin and Mulberry Sts. The rent was $70 a month, and we were often hard-pressed to come up that paltry sum. Hanratty was a retired cop who for reasons beyond me liked our band Da Moronics, letting us play in his pub. A few years later he changed it to “Sgt. Peppers Club.” By then we were playing at the ”World Famous Marble Bar” around the corner on Franklin St., but that's a different story.
This is about how the city uses and abuses artists, musicians and poets through exploitation, intimidation and neglect. It's the same tired diatribe. Artists gather to live and work in a neighborhood that's relatively affordable; as time passes the area becomes a popular hangout destination. Bars, boutiques, coffeehouses, restaurants and art galleries start popping up here and there. Slowly property values and rents go up until the artists can no longer afford to live there. It's happening now in my old neighborhood of Lauraville where we sat upon that hill pondering our fates. It's happened in Federal Hill, Fells Point, Waverly, Hampden, Remington, Canton and Charles Village. The only exception is Southwest Baltimore, aka Sowebo.
Sowebo was a diamond in the rough. At its core is the Hollins Market, the oldest of the city markets. It runs the 1100 block of Hollins St. between Arlington and Carrolton Aves. and holds a rich history of notables, among them Edgar Allan Poe, H.L. Mencken, Billie Holiday and Babe Ruth. By the early 1980s the neighborhood had lost 35 percent of its population. Some developers started buying up properties around Hollins Market. There were already some artists living and working there, but now the gold rush was on. To attract new residents to the neighborhood, people like myself and others were offered newly renovated apartments.
I jumped at the opportunity to live in a rent-free second story walk-up above John Fonda's erotic art gallery. John was a classic Baltimore character who loved to stir up the pot to create controversy and drama. His gallery was a focal point that drew artists to the neighborhood. John was a great teacher and a provocateur. I remember him at one of the early Pow Wow festivals in Ferry Bar Park taking clay from the riverbank and making Raku sculptures, firing them in the wood fire pit where I was grilling bbq chicken wings. He also played a very colorful, unconventional Santa Claus every year. He once gave me an ashtray he made shaped liked the USA with the American flag superimposed on it. I cherished that ashtray until it was broken during a party.
In 1983, Ted Getzel, a poet from NYC, opened Mencken's Cultured Pearl Café at 1116 Hollins St. At first they were trying to be like Marconi's or Haussner's restaurants, old style formal dining and it didn't work. Then Teddy changed the menu to Tex-Mex and it was a huge success. It was also a haven for poets and poetry readings. Just about every poet in Baltimore has read there at one time or another. Jack Trimper's Street School was an after school store front gallery/workshop for the kids in the neighborhood, to teach them art and a place to exhibit artwork. Jack also had poetry readings and music events. All this activity was generating a lot of buzz and the abandoned storefront buildings, apartments and houses started filling up with artists, their friends and families. A diverse community was growing.
Max's Market Café, next door to The Cultured Pearl, started getting involved too. Bands and poetry readings were happening everywhere. Bob's video store opened on the corner of Hollins and Carrolton Sts. offering obscure films and cult classics. Rudy's Patisserie baked and brewed the best pastries and coffee in the city at that time. Rudy was an Austrian baker who was also a free-spirited biker. I spent many mornings sitting at Rudy's sidewalk café nursing a hangover and reading the paper. Speaking of hangovers, Scallio's Tavern on Hollins St. was a crazy beer and a shot joint. The men's room still had a urinal trough filled with ice. It also had a bulletproof entryway with a Plexiglas revolving wheel for carryout. Sonny and Frank Scallio were old school Italians. The walls of the bar were crowded with old nicotine-yellowed photos of boxers and racehorses. Even the Scallio brothers got in on the action, hiring bands and having poetry readings. My favorite bartender there was Dickie Hertz aka Larry Vega, the host of The Larry Vega Show. It was a local live comedy show reminiscent of the Merv Griffin, Mike Douglas and Johnny Carson talk shows but with a flavor only found in Baltimore. The only people who weren't making money were artists.
The Hollins Market was thriving. The Tom Thumb Tavern at the corner of Hollins and Arlington Sts., a local dive bar, was turned into the Gypsy Café, a little bar and restaurant with a grass patio. Even Hollywood showed up. Barry Levinson's movie, Avalon, was filmed around Hollins Market. The original Public Station restrooms were renovated into Anthony Coradetti's glass blowing studio and a few doors down the block, Black Cherry Puppet Theatre set up shop building a theater house that still exists today. The Tell Tale Hearth opened in the mid-80s. The Medusa Social Club, an afterhours haunt for the hardy night lifers and overzealous early morning crowd, catered to the wilder side of life. The Pair O' Dice Gallery and bike shop was there for a while too. The place was jumping. Over a quarter century of Sowebo festivals under their collective belt and The Lithuanian Hall's yearly Night of 100 Elvis's. You couldn't invent a more vibrant and creative community.
Then the bottom fell out. Baltimore City Hall forgot its promises and pledges to renovate Hollins Market. When the money came in, it mysteriously disappeared. Vanished like the money supposedly generated from the Maryland State Lottery going to the city schools. Like the alcohol tax, and the casino profits, into thin air. The sick joke gets worse. Open air drug markets started sprouting up everywhere, 24/7 around Hollins Market. Daily multiple calls by taxpaying homeowners went unanswered and ignored by the Baltimore City Police Department year after year, until years became decades, no response, and no action taken to protect and serve.
You didn't need a brain to figure out the fix was in. You didn't need a heart to feel the pain. But you needed all the courage you could muster. I give a tip of the hat to those who still live there. And meanwhile, the local drug task force would set up sting operations to trap and bust locals in the neighborhood for nickel and dime bags of pot. It was ludicrous. People split in a hurry and places closed quickly. And the murder rate? Mencken's Cultured Pearl Café closed down in 1998. At any given time, every day of the week, you can see the faithful standing in lines, leaning at 45 degree angles, doing the zombie shuffle, coming out of the alleys, down the sidewalks, and into the streets. Waiting in line for a quick fix. If you go in the Hollins Market today it reeks with the stench of fetid flesh. Not very appetizing. Empty stalls fill the market and empty storefronts line the streets. It's a disgrace. This is one Baltimore neighborhood that stands alone. Forgotten by the pols and doers of good deeds. Gentrification never looked so plug ugly. You can't sweep this blatant neglect under the city's carpet. Artists will always find a place to live, but bringing a neighborhood back from the dead takes more than money or magic.
Most cyclists know that the Brooklyn Bridge, while tempting for its incomparable beauty and historical significance, is a lost cause when it comes to an efficient commute. But as these photos demonstrate, some quixotic bikers still brave it, despite the crowds of distracted pedestrians who continually wander into the side of the path that is supposed to be reserved for cyclists. Photographer and writer Vincent Mounier recently marveled at the delicate pas de deux, which has a tendency to result in arguments and injuries.
"For some cosmic reason, it would seem that the magnificent old structure somehow deepens a tourist's dismay to the point of apparent brain damage," writes Mounier. "Of course, the scene is further complicated by the presence of a few cyclists - another species with behavioral issues, but theirs are more geared towards arrogance and recklessness. One thing is for sure, tourists and cyclists do not a happy crowd make." And you don't even want to know what happens on that bridge when the tourists are the cyclists. (Hint: Ever seen Cloverfield?)
A fourth-grader rushed to the rescue of his school bus driver who was having an asthma attack. Jayden Jaramillo, 9, gets off the bus every day, but last week he took a ride he'll never forget.After picking Jayden and his sisters up for school, Daquisha Adams, 24, she had a medical emergency.She was struggling to breathe and pulled the bus over near the Caledonia-Mount Pleasant fire station off Highway K. “When she started coughing a lot, she said, ‘I think I'm having an asthma attack,'” Jayden said.“I couldn't breathe. I was trying to catch my breath, it was bad,” Adams said.Adams pulled the bus over to the side of the road. Jayden acted quickly, running to the front of the bus. He grabbed a two-way radio and called dispatch.“It was kind of scary at first because I didn't know what to do, but then I just went up there and talked on the radio,' Jayden said.“(I) got them to know where we're at. Got all that stuff situated so it was easier to find me instead of guessing where we're at,” Adams said.Paramedics arrived and took care of Adams, who is thankful the boy with the big smile was in the right place to help.“He did a lot for me, I mean I got two kids to take care of and it's kind of a blessing I'm still able to be here,” Adams said.“She just gave me a big hug and said, ‘Thank you,' and I said, ‘You're welcome,'” Jayden said.Adams said she hadn't had an attack in years, but said she will always carry an inhaler with her from now on.
A fourth-grader rushed to the rescue of his school bus driver who was having an asthma attack.
Jayden Jaramillo, 9, gets off the bus every day, but last week he took a ride he'll never forget.
Advertisement
After picking Jayden and his sisters up for school, Daquisha Adams, 24, she had a medical emergency.
She was struggling to breathe and pulled the bus over near the Caledonia-Mount Pleasant fire station off Highway K.
“When she started coughing a lot, she said, ‘I think I'm having an asthma attack,'” Jayden said.
“I couldn't breathe. I was trying to catch my breath, it was bad,” Adams said.
Adams pulled the bus over to the side of the road. Jayden acted quickly, running to the front of the bus. He grabbed a two-way radio and called dispatch.
“It was kind of scary at first because I didn't know what to do, but then I just went up there and talked on the radio,' Jayden said.
“(I) got them to know where we're at. Got all that stuff situated so it was easier to find me instead of guessing where we're at,” Adams said.
Paramedics arrived and took care of Adams, who is thankful the boy with the big smile was in the right place to help.
“He did a lot for me, I mean I got two kids to take care of and it's kind of a blessing I'm still able to be here,” Adams said.
“She just gave me a big hug and said, ‘Thank you,' and I said, ‘You're welcome,'” Jayden said.
Adams said she hadn't had an attack in years, but said she will always carry an inhaler with her from now on.
AlertMe
Fresh off a historic Amtrak inspection ride through the Gulf Coast last week, supporters of reviving passenger rail from New Orleans to Orlando are pushing Congress for to support grant programs that could boost capital needs in getting the service restored.
Knox Ross, a Southern Rail Commissioner and mayor of Pelahatchie, Miss., pushed for on Tuesday the funding of two discretionary grant programs created in last year's $325 billion long-term transportation bill that kick-started efforts to revitalize passenger rail along the Gulf Coast. He made his case during a U.S. Senate Commerce hearing on passenger rail.
Ross lobbied the congressional committee for the funding of the Consolidated Rail Infrastructure and Safety Improvement program and the Restoration and Enhancement Grants program. More than $1.1 billion was earmarked into the safety improvement program through the federal transportation bill, but the Commerce committee is charged with overseeing its future appropriations.
"This program funds everything from positive train control to capital construction to planning and research and it's available to all states," Ross said. "Congress has not made dedicated passenger rail capital funding available to our states since 2010. We are past due for Congress to partner with us to implement the state rail plans that are required by this legislative body."
Ross also suggested that Congress not prioritize the popular Northeast Amtrak corridor from Boston to Washington, D.C., over the rest of the U.S. He said continued prioritization of that region is "not fair to our states that have subsidized" the system and "sends the wrong signal to thousands" of Gulf Coast residents who showed up on Thursday and Friday to support Amtrak's inspection train ride.
The transportation bill aims to separate accounts for the Northeast Corridor and a "National Network" that combines long-distance and state-supported networks for accounting and budgeting purposes.
Ross also called on committee members to appoint a southern representative to the Amtrak board of directors and that Amtrak's new CEO - who will be appointed once Joe Boardman retires later this year - have an understanding of the needs of the entire national passenger railroad system.
Ross and Boardman were among four people to testify before the committee, which includes Mississippi Republican Sen. Roger Wicker. Ross and Boardman talked up the inspection train trip before the committee, which was attended by Wicker.
The trip, which left New Orleans' Union Passenger Terminal on Thursday, made stops in Bay St. Louis, Gulfport, Biloxi, Pascagoula, Mobile and Atmore. On Friday, it left Pensacola and headed east to Jacksonville. At each stop, large crowds of adoring onlookers welcomed the train. Many held small American flags and some held signs encouraging Amtrak's return.
Among the biggest crowds was in Bay St. Louis, a coastal Mississippi community that was ravaged by Hurricane Katrina. Amtrak's Sunset Limited route has not run east of New Orleans since the 2005 storm ruined the rail lines.
Why Mississippi is tooting Amtrak's horn louder than Alabama Mississippi Gov. Phil Bryant and U.S. Sen. Roger Wicker are leading efforts to get Amtrak restored along the Gulf Coast. In Alabama, Gov. Robert Bentley is taking a more muted approach by pushing for public-private partnerships. The different approaches are a rarity in which Mississippi has taken a more progressive and aggressive approach than Alabama toward a major issue.
But much of the route, which is currently operated by freight carrier CSX, is repaired and is in good shape. The inspection tour aimed at analyzing the rail line to see if it was able to service passenger rail and to provide an estimate on how much capital needs are required to get the service restored following 10 years of dormancy.
A working group, which was formed in the transportation bill, officially met for the first time last week in New Orleans. The group has nine months to complete its work and report to Congress its findings on how much it might cost to restart the Gulf Coast's passenger rail service.
Boardman, who was unable to participate in the inspection trip, said the outpouring of support from people greeting the Amtrak train was "simply tremendous."
But Boardman also talked about the system's challenges, namely budget and revenue problems at a time of plunging oil prices.
The rail service ended last fiscal year with a $305 million operating loss, $70 million worse than anticipated. The expected loss this fiscal year, which began Oct. 1, is $245 million.
The agency has never met its congressional mandate to turn a profit since it was formed in 1971. For the current fiscal year, it received about $1.39 billion in federal appropriations, though the agency sought $2 billion.
"This will be a challenging fiscal year for us and the rail industry," Boardman said. "I think these challenges will continue in the years to come."
I don't normally do DIY posts, but since this project is both simple, cheap, and easy to explain, I figured I'd share. Basically, all we're doing here is turning a pair of normal shoes into incognito cycling shoes for use with clipless pedals. As we all know, typical cycling shoes look pretty damn dorky, so it'd be nice to have a pair of shoes that you could put on to ride over to a buddy's house in a pair of bluejeans should the occasion arise. Or, maybe you're headed to class, don't plan on doing much walking, and it'd just be easier to take some cycling-specific shoes that don't shout to everyone that you're a lame-o cyclist.
Whatever your need for them, here's how you're gonna do it…
What you need:
— 1pr of old cycling shoes (yours or someone else's, but make sure they fit your feet)
— 1pr of normal shoes
— A box cutter, plus scissors or whatever other cutting device you'd like to use
— Contact cement or other extremely strong clue
— Something to mark a cutting template with, such as tape or a paint marker
— Old newspaper
Step 1 – Find some old cycling shoes. You probably have an old pair that you never threw out, but if not, then hit up your buddies, local bike shops, or beg for some on Craigslist. Either way, get some and try not to spend any money on them since you're about to tear them to pieces. Just about anything willl work, so for my project, I used some 7-yr-old Cannondale mountain bike shoes that I replaced last year.
Step 2 – Grab your box cutters and tear them apart. All you need to save are the stiff insoles that the pedal cleats bolt to, so make sure you don't damage them. As for the rest of the shoe, just have at it.
Cutting apart my Cannondale shoes was actually fairly easy since they'd been slowly beaten down for a few years, but right as I thought I'd gotten off easy, a problem crept up… Since my shoes had full outsoles, I ended up spending a lot of time cutting off a rubbery material that was bonding the outsoles to the stiff insole (see photo below) and providing cushioning for my heels. The material was soft enough to cut through, but rubbery enough that I had trouble putting a blade against it and just slicing it off. It took me a couple evenings to scrape all that material off, so your results–and effort–will vary depending on which shoe you use.
Step 3 – Find a pair of shoes–new or old–that you want to modify. I stopped skateboarding in my early twenties, so I had a pair of barely used éS skateboard shoes that'd been in the back of my closet ever since. Other than the fact that they lack decent ventalation, they seemed like a good shoe for the project.
Once you have your shoes picked out, place the cycling shoe's outsole next to them and get a rough idea of where you want to begin cutting. Just keep in mind, you can always enlarge the holes later on if you need extra clearance for disengaging from the pedal, but once you cut the hole too large, you're stuck with it. Start with a smaller area, and make it larger later on. Also, work on just one shoe at a time–from start to finish–so you can use it as a template for the second shoe, saving yourself lots of guess work. **This should be obvious, but make sure you take the insoles out of the shoes before you being cutting, and move the tongue as far out of the way as possible so you don't slice through it.**
I used a white paint marker to draw an initial cutting template on the sole of one of the shoes, then went at it with a box cutter.
After you make your cut, place the stiff cycling insole inside the shoe and make sure everything lines up. My insoles were about 1/8" too long, so I used a hacksaw with a fine blade to cut off the extra material from the heel. After that, they slid perfectly into place, since I somehow completely lucked out and got it right the first time.
Unfortunately, just because the cleat was perfectly aligned with my cut, that didn't mean it'd engage with the pedal. This is where I had a little more trouble: I had to keep enlarging the cutout until the shoe could engage the pedal, and then be twisted sideways (in both directions) to properly disengage without coming in contact with the pedal. To make sure it worked, I simply held the insole in place by hand, then pressed the cleat into the pedal. Trial and error is all it takes, but you'll eventually figure out just how much outsole you need to cut away. Don't remove more material than you have to, since you need as much surface space as possible to glue the insole to. Also, more outsole material means more grip for walking, and less cleat sticking out to make a clicking noise while you walk.
The above photo shows how much material I had to cut away to fully clear the pedal in every direction. Keep in mind, all pedals are different (I use Shimano mountain bike SPDs), and all shoes will have more or less material removed per your personal requirements. Once I was fully satisfied with the first shoe, I used the hole as a template for the second shoe, which made it very straight forward when I cut it out (no more trial and error).
Step 4 – Make sure the inside of the shoes, and the bottom of the stiff cycling insoles are completely clean of debris, then apply your glue per the directions on the tube. I used Welder Contact Adhesive that I found at Lowe's, since it came in a tube and was easy to apply. Normal contact cement would also work, but try not to get it all over the shoes.
Once the glue has set, put the insoles in, line them up as quickly as possible, and add pressure. I put my foot inside whichever shoe I was working on at the time, and added my full body weight to get the glue to adhere right away. After 5 minutes, I took my foot out, and crammed wadded up paper inside to add pressure. Let them sit like that for at least 24 hours before taking the paper out.
Now all that's left to do is put the original insoles back in. At this point, you should be done, which leads to…
Step 5 – Go try them out!
You'll notice right away that the stiff insoles make the shoes difficult to walk in, but that's normal for cycling shoes. Assuming you followed instructions for bonding the soles together, they should last a while. I took mine out on a 20mi+ ride and had no issues, so I feel good about riding them in the future. Eventually, you'll wear this pair of shoes out, but you can always rip them apart, remove the insoles, and modify another pair.
This year's Labor Day race will have a bunch of new activities, including a sand castle competition, helicopter rides and a raft race kickoff party on Friday, Aug. 18.
With Tulsa's Great Raft Race less than two weeks away, we thought we would head down to the Arkansas River to see how preparations were coming along.
There, we hopped on a raft and visited with Seth Erkenbeck, the race's executive director, and Daniel Regan, who, with Erkenbeck and a handful of other volunteers, brought the race back to life three years ago.
From 1973 through 1991, the raft race was one of the city's most popular events. According to the Tulsa Raft Race website, at its peak the event drew 600 rafts, 4,500 racers, and 150,000 spectators.
We're live with Daniel Regan and Seth Erckenbeck talking about Tulsa's Great Raft Race. Thanks to Mod's Coffee & Crepes for the raft. Posted by The Frontier on Friday, August 11, 2017
The new incarnation of the race, like the old one, runs from Sand Springs to River West Festival Park in Tulsa and is held on Labor Day.
This year's race will have a bunch of new activities, including a sand castle competition, helicopter rides and a raft race kickoff party on Friday, Aug. 18, at Fuel 66, 2439 E. 11th St.
And although the heart and soul of the Great Raft Race is the quirky and colorful rafts people come up with, a great raft is not a requirement to participate. This year the public can rent rafts.
So there is no excuse for folks interested in spending Labor Day floating down the Arkansas River.
The registration deadline is Tuesday, Aug. 15. To register, and for more information, go to tulsaraftrace.com.
Kickboxing legend Gokhan Saki has laughed off Henrique da Silva's prediction of a first-round knockout when the pair face off at UFC Japan tonight.
Saki and the Brazilian shared an intense face off after weighing in yesterday, and from what “The Turkish Tyson” saw in his opponent, he believes that da Silva doubts himself as he approaches the main card clash in Saitama.
They've weighed in! @gokhansaki vs. da Silva at #UFCJapan tomorrow!! A post shared by UFC Europe (@ufceurope) on Sep 21, 2017 at 5:44am PDT
“During the faceoff, what I saw in his eyes is that he is not confident,” Saki told MMAFighting.com. “He knows what's going to happen tomorrow – that's what I could see in his eyes.”
Da Silva told MMA Fighting's Guilherme Cruz that he plans to walk the former K-1 and Glory champion down and end his night with a straight punch. Based on his forecast, Saki doesn't think da Silva understands what fighting is.
“I don't know why these people say (things like that),” Saki said in reaction to da Silva's prediction.
“It makes me think that they don't know what fighting is. I don't understand how he can say he will beat me by KO.
“Every fight starts standing. Even if it's on the ground or whatever, if they understand what fighting is, they would never talk like this. The people who say these things are hating on me. I don't know a lot of other people that really think he is going to knock me out.”
Speaking to Sherdog.com on the announcement of his UFC debut, Saki claimed that Jon Jones would be his dream fight in MMA and predicted that it would take him a year to ascend to a title fight within the organization.
Now that Jones' future is in jeopardy after he was recently flagged for a USADA violation, Saki thinks it will be every bit as difficult to climb to the top of the division.
“Jon Jones is a very good fighter, but Jon Jones is not in this division at the moment. I don't think it will make the light-heavyweight division any easier because there are so many good fighters in the division,” he said.
“It's not going to be easy, it will be a fight until the end. Anything can happen with these small gloves. All I know is that I'm training very hard, and I'm hitting very hard. I'm ready for everybody.”
Although some doubt whether Saki has the grappling acumen to hold his own at the top of the division, he is ready to usher in a new era of striking at UFC Japan.
“I'm going to bring something new to this whole game. It won't be just at light heavyweight, every weight division and everybody in the sport is going to be excited when they see what I do,” Saki explained.
“I'm going to share something crazy in there and people are going to get even more excited to watch my fights, and to watch the UFC.”
Of course, the best way to make a good first impression would be to claim a signature knockout in his promotional bow:
“That would be the best thing for me. A fight is a fight. If I can finish it in the first second, I will finish it in the first second. It will not take long. I will take the risks. It would be amazing for me to come away with the big KO.”
The MMA fan base have questioned whether Saki will be able to deploy his lethal combinations, his spinning back kicks and his patented left hook – “The Saki Bomb” – as he transitions to MMA. The debutant insists that after over two years in the sidelines he is better than ever.
“They know my striking style. They know how I am. The thing is, we have had two and a half years away and I'm still explosive, I'm still powerful and like lightening with my footwork.
“Everything is the same as it was, but I am stronger in my mind. Everyone will see a better version of me and more than what they have seen before.”
For that reason, Saki doubts that da Silva will make it out of round one.
“I don't think the fight will go past the first round, I really don't think so,” he said.
“Maybe if it was just three minutes he would have a chance because he could just run away. Five minutes is long enough for me to kick his ass.”
A missile launched by North Korea has landed in the Sea of Japan, according to the Japanese Government.
The suspected Scud-type missile is not thought to have caused any damage.
The missile is believed to be the latest test-launch of a ballistic missile as North Korea seeks to build a nuclear-tipped inter-continental ballistic missile (ICBM) which could reach the mainland of the United States - something it is thought to still be several years away from achieving.
South Korea's military believed the launch came from around the coastal town of Wonsan in the east of the secretive country, flying 280 miles (450km) before landing in Japan's exclusive maritime economic zone.
US Pacific Command said the missile was tracked for six minutes and was not thought to pose a threat to the US.
A spokesperson for the Japanese Government said the launch of a missile would be in clear violation of United Nations resolutions.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said that G7 leaders had agreed that repeated provocations by North Korea were seen as a top priority for the international community.
Mr Abe continued that he would consider a specific response to North Korea with the US, and he would stay in close contact with South Korea.
***************************************************************************
***************************************************************************
~~~~~~~~~~~ @ NOVELTY CREATIONS @ ~~~~~~~~~~~~
***************************************************************************
Last Order Shipped: # 332
***************************************************************************
Bitcoin Address: 1AVxKvAyyqUzMcfVZ5Vyy6Q4b7ceG71mM9
***************************************************************************
UPDATES: 02/20/2017
- Accepting Orders but on a 2 - 4-week delivery schedule.
- All orders are now shipped with Priority
- NH $40 w/Free Dupes, $30 IL w/Free Dupes
-GROUP ORDERS JUST COPY AND PASTE THE FORM BELOW EACHOTHER. PLEASE NUMBER EACH FORM AS WELL!
Thank you
*********************************************************************************************************************
@ ID PRICING @
*********************************************************************************************************************
New Hampshire: $35 / FREE Duplicate
Illinois: $25 / FREE Duplicate
------------------------------------------
SHIPPING FREE (PRIORITY OR SNAIL, WHATEVER GETS YOU IN UNDER 3 WEEKS)
---TURNAROUND TIME---
WE SHIP FROM THE USA!!!
Receive in 5 days to 3 weeks from ordering!
*********************************************************************************************************************
[[[ @ ORDER FORM LOCATED AT BOTTOM OF PAGE @ ]]]
Welcome to NoveltyCreations,
INTRODUCTION:
We offer high security novelty identification cards. We use the best holographic
overlays on the market and feature real offset microprint on our products. We advertise
both Liquor store and High-end Bar/Club Identification cards. We not only encode your
information for barcode scanning but our experts input hidden characters and state specific
formatting so it can pass any advance / lottery scanner. We even have taken the extra steps
in embedding invisible ultra violet ink on our id cards. Our High-end Ids offer security features such as
raised text, see through windows, and embossed text.
Security Features only make up 50% of the Ids pass rate. Without a professionally edited
photo with ear shadows and correct contrasting it can make or break your id. Our experts use
adobe photoshop with vertus plugin to professionally cut out your photo. We than add adjustments
and other plugins to help pixelate and contrast your photo. We also simply need a photo of your
signature and our graphics artist will flawlessly digitize it and place it perfectly on your id.
All of our ids follow state specific formatting standards like the real thing. We will choose your issue
date and expiration date so it will follow the state specific standards. NoveltyCreations thrives on
perfection and we take the time out of production to check quality control after the products have
been printed. Every product must pass 3 primary test:
1.) Scanning
2.) Photo Editing / Signature
3.) ID Construction: Hologram placement, bubbling
If the ID passes all 3 of these tester than it is ready for use!
ALL IDS ARE CHECKED TO SCAN ON ADVANCE SCANNING TECHNOLOGY. Please be aware that
many store clerks will bluff on scanning issues if they do not believe you are 21. How you act will indeed
determine if they will deny your id. If your id does get denied do not panic. If its an issue on our end we will
investigate it and issue you a reprint. We are not responsible for any taken or lost IDs if there are no issues with the ID. The way you present yourself will be a huge decider on your ids success rate.
Thank you for choosing NoveltyCreations.org!
~ Your fastest Novelty ID Solution! ~
-------------------------------------------
PRODUCT INFO:
NEW HAMPSHIRE: [$35 ID / FREE DUPE] (http://imgur.com/a/GlJVS)
This is an ABS Northeast ID featuring see through windows, offset microprinting, UV, Multi-Spectrum Hologram Overlay and advance scanning barcode. One of the highest quality IDs on the market! This ID is perfect for bars / clubs but please keep in mind that this is a fake id. We guarantee a ton of success! Please follow our tips and tricks guide for using your ID! Do not miss out as these are limited quantity due to the extremely high quality!!!
ILLINOIS: [$25/ FREE DUPE] (http://imgur.com/a/iD0Th)
This is a PVC midwestern ID featuring holographic overlay and UV. The barcode is encoded to pass on lottery scanners and advance scanners. This ID is equipped for Low and High-end Liquor Stores. We do not recommend this ID for Bars / Clubs. Please look into our New Hampshire.
DELAWARE: [OUT OF STOCK] (Pictures up in 48 hours)
This is a Teslin East Coast ID. It Features High Quality Multi Spectrum Hologram Overlays. Advance Scanning with High DPI Faux Microprint. Superior Color Matching and top notch photoshop with ear shadows! A go-to ID if you are located on the East Coast.
MINNESOTA: [OUT OF STOCK] (Pictures up in 48 hours)
This is a Teslin ID with a very unique feel to it. It is very flexible and can surpass any bend test thrown at it. Rough textured front with UV makes it impenetrable from the prying eyes of bouncers. Purchase one of our top notch mid west IDs today!!
GET YOUR HIGH QUALITY DOMESTIC IDS TODAY!
-----------------------------------------------
IMPORTANT LINKS:
* Order Form Example - http://i.imgur.com/EGkXsPO.jpg
* Picture Taking Guide - http://i.imgur.com/7uYFU9o.jpg
* Illinois Pictures - http://imgur.com/a/iD0Th
* New Hampshire Pictures - http://imgur.com/a/GlJVS
-----------------------------------------------
Individual Order Process:
(Step 1) - Send Payment to the bitcoin address listed at the top of the page.
(Step 2) - Once payment is sent proceed to fill out the form COMPLETELY. Any missing info will result in a delay of your order. Look over the form and look for the * which indicates what to fill out. Make sure to provide the bitcoin address you sent from, you sent too, and the transaction hash. Make sure if you use Circle or Coinbase to send the bitcoins to an external wallet such as blockchain.info to retrieve the transaction has more easily.
(Step 3) - Once you submit your form please allow up to 24 hours for a confirmation email. Once confirmed it means production has started on your order. We genuinely can process orders in 24-48 hours. Shipping will always be 2 day Priority. Turnaround is 5 days or less. We achieve this by setting a limit on daily orders allowed. We will slowly raise this limit as we get better with our production estimations.
(Step 4) - Now just sit back and relax! Your in great hands! You will have your ID in no time!!!
*********************************************************************************************************************
@ PRODUCTS @
*********************************************************************************************************************
*********************************************************************************************************************
*********************************************************************************************************************
### ILLINOIS ### - {Liquor Store ID} [$30/FREE DUPE]
----------------------------------------------
Price includes an ID and a free duplicate
----------------------------------------------
---Security Features---
-PVC
-UV
-Advance Scanning
-Multi-Spectrum Hologram Overlay
______________
-Pricing-
$30 / FREE Duplicate
_____________
----------------------------------------------
-Order Form Below-
*********************************************************************************************************************
*********************************************************************************************************************
*********************************************************************************************************************
### NEW HAMPSHIRE ### - {High-end Club / Bar ID} [$40/ FREE DUPE]
-------------------------------------
Price includes 1 ID, FREE DUPE
-------------------------------------
---Security Features---
-ABS
-Advance Scanning
-Real Microprint
-UV
-Windows of NH State Outline
_______________
-Pricing-
$40 ID / FREE Duplicate
_______________
--------------------------------
-Order Form Below-
*********************************************************************************************************************
*********************************************************************************************************************
*********************************************************************************************************************
### DELAWARE ### - {High-end Club / Bar ID} [OUT OF STOCK]
-------------------------------------
Price includes 1 ID, FREE DUPE
-------------------------------------
---Security Features---
-Teslin
-Advance Scanning
-Faux Microprint
-UV
-Multi Spectrum Overlay
_______________
-Pricing-
$40 ID / FREE Duplicate
_______________
--------------------------------
-Order Form Below-
*********************************************************************************************************************
*********************************************************************************************************************
*********************************************************************************************************************
### MINNESOTA ### - {High-end Club / Bar ID} [OUT OF STOCK]
-------------------------------------
Price includes 1 ID, FREE DUPE
-------------------------------------
---Security Features---
-Teslin
-Advance Scanning
-Faux Microprint
-UV
-Rough Textured Front
_______________
-Pricing-
$40 ID / FREE Duplicate
_______________
--------------------------------
-Order Form Below-
-Order Form Below-
-Order Form Below-
-Order Form Below-
DO NOT USE SIGAINT EMAIL!
*********************************************************************************************************************
ORDER FORM
*********************************************************************************************************************
COPYPASTECOPYPASTECOPYPASTE FORM
----------------------------------------------
MAKE SURE EVERYTHING IS FILLED OUT!
DOUBLE-CHECK YOUR INFORMATION!
FAILURE TO DO SO WILL RESULT IN DELAYS / INFO ISSUES!
WE WILL SEND YOU A CONFIRMATION EMAIL ONCE EVERYTHING IS RECEIVED!
---NoveltyCreations Official Order Form---
*Copy and Paste below with your entered information*
*What you enter is what will be displayed on your ID*
*If you have more than one person in order just copy a new form under it.*
*Please number the form as well.*
--------------------------------
SUBJECT FIELD EXAMPLE:
First Last, NH, $40 *Please format your subject filed like so*
Full Name, State Ordered, Price
Order Form Example Picture - http://i.imgur.com/EGkXsPO.jpg
# - please fill out everything with a pound sign
---------------------------------
### FILL OUT FORM BELOW ###
---Bitcoin Address---
Bitcoin Address: 1AVxKvAyyqUzMcfVZ5Vyy6Q4b7ceG71mM9
---Information---
# Name (First Middle Last):
# DOB {1995 and before for 21+ } --- (XX/XX/XXXX) :
---Address---
# Street:
# City:
# State:
# Zip Code:
---Attributes---
# Height (X-XX):
# Weight:
# Eye Color:
# Hair Color:
# Sex:
---Picture / Signature--- *Please upload using www.imgur.com, provide links*
-------------------------
-PICTURE-
# Picture Link:
-------------------------
-SIGNATURE-
Option 1.) *Recomended*
1 - https://www.formstack.com/features/electronic-signatures ***** Draw above line, right click save as png
2 - Upload to imgur.com and paste link below
Option 2.)
Upload picture of signature with black pen on plain white paper
# Signature Box Link:
-------------------------
GROUP ORDERS COPY NEW FORM UNDER HERE, PLEASE NUMBER EACH PERSON. START WHERE IT SAYS INFORMATION
PLEASE MAKE SURE TO FILL OUT SHIPPING INFO AND BITCOIN INFORMATION BELOW! IF NOT GROUP MOVE ON FILLING OUT FORM.
THANK YOU
---Price / State Chosen---
PRICE CHART *DO NOT EDIT
_________________________________
1 IL IDs = $30 FREE DUPES
1 NH ID = $40 FREE DUPES
---------------
# SHIPPING (Priority, Express)
-PRIORITY = FREE
-EXPRESS = $25 (USPS Express 1 Day)
NOTE: This is the type of shipping you are paying for, NOT the production speed! If you would like FASTER production AND shipping please use our Extreme 48 Hour Express Service Order Form Open on (Mondays / Thursdays only : 8am - 1pm EST) We will update the form day of when we are open!
* (Please type your shipping label out as it was on a letter between the lines, example: http://printmail.oregonstate.edu/sites/default/files/label-examples.png)
_________________________________
-Shipping Address Here-
__________________________________
# State Chosen(IL, NH):
# Shipping Chosen (Regular, Priority, Express):
# Total Price:
# Bitcoin Address Sent From:
# Bitcoin Address Sent Too:
# Transaction Hash(http://i.imgur.com/xUNsJvY.png):
_________________________________
MAKE SURE EVERYTHING IS FILLED OUT!
DOUBLE-CHECK YOUR INFORMATION!
FAILURE TO DO SO WILL RESULT IN DELAYS / INFO ISSUES!
WE WILL SEND YOU A CONFIRMATION EMAIL ONCE EVERYTHING IS RECEIVED!
------------------------------------------------
COPYPASTECOPYPASTECOPYPASTE FORM
*****************************************
DO NOT USE SIGAINT EMAIL!
Email Address (Optional, without any email address you won't be able to receive a response)
Subject
Message
The second round of the Arizona Coyotes moment of the year tournament is set to begin. The field has been narrowed to four moments.
Two very impressive goals will face off after receiving 99 percent and 76 percent of the votes in the first round respectively. A great moment and an infamous goal go head-to-head after the #ButtGoal squeaked by with 51 percent of the vote and the opening night sombrero trick took home 55 percent of the vote.
Which two will advance to the final round?
(1) Goalie Goal vs New Year's Eve Magic (5)
Two of three three most impressive goals of last season go head-to-head with a spot in the final round on the line. Both goals sealed a victory and both were dramatic in their own right. It is the .1 second goal vs the OT winner.
Goalie Goal
The tournament favorite beat out Mike Ribeiro's hot start in round one.
Goaltender Mike Smith capped off a 5-2 win over the Detroit Red Wings with a goal of his own. He did it in style too, scoring with one-tenth of a second remaining in the game. Click here to relive the moment in an intentionally dramatic fashion. It was only the 14th time in NHL history that a goalie scored.
Smith scored a goal 11 years earlier in his ECHL and professional hockey debut. He also had a shutout that night (talk about a one-man team!).
New Year's Eve Magic
Keith Yandle's goal beat out the Coyotes' hot start (14-4-3) to the season in round one.
With the exception of the goalie goal, the New Year's Eve OT winner was arguably the goal of the year for the Desert Dogs. It capped off a rally from a 3-1 deficit to defeat the Edmonton Oilers 4-3. The game-winning goal, Yandle's second goal and third point of the night, sent the crowd home happy with the new year just hours away.
The goal was a spectacular mix of speed and skill, showing off Yandle's best assets. The fact that he scored it on Ilya Bryzgalov only makes it sweeter.
(2) Sombrero Trick vs #ButtGoal (3)
This matchup could not be more polar opposite. One is a great moment symbolizing not only a victory but a great personal accomplishment. The other, a loss and a gaffe that will surely be replayed over and over for years to come.
Sombrero Trick
The Sombrero Trick beat out Antoine Vermette's eclectic hat trick in round one.
What better way to kick off a new season than with an opening night hat trick by Radim Vrbata? New owners and new energy engulfed the team and starting the season with a win just prolonged the jubilation.
While the hats were raining down on the ice, one piece of headwear caught the attention of many, including a member of the Paw Patrol (pictured above). In a move that could only happen at an Arizona hockey game, a fan threw a sombrero on the ice to celebrate Vrbata's hat trick. Welcome to Gary Bettman's NHL.
#ButtGoal
The infamous ButtGoal beat out the Miracle on Ice pre-game ceremony in round one.
Quite possibly the most hilarious moment in Coyotes history. Talk about a series of unfortunate events. While the Yotes have a history of losing, they continue to find new and creative ways to add to the loss column. They not only lost to freakin' Buffalo, but they lost to Buffalo after Smith basically pulled a Miley Cyrus and twerked the puck into his own net. And because you loved it so much the first time, here is a #ButtGoal lyric as inspired by Miley:
La da di da di. Smitty's a goalie. Puck's in his hiney. Skating back into his net.
Bracket
Sgt. Paul Tuozzolo
Suspect Manuel Rosales, 35, allegedly shot and killed Sgt. Paul Tuozzolo and wounded Sgt. Emmanuel Kwo after the suspect opened fire on 43rd Precinct officers in the Bronx on Friday, Nov. 4, 2016. (NYPD of Facebook)
STATEN ISLAND, N.Y. -- Following the deadly shooting of Sgt. Paul Tuozzolo in the Bronx on Friday, the NYPD's Sergeants Benevolent Association (SBA) has created a GoFundMe campaign to raise money for the NYPD/SBA Widows' and Children's Fund.
According to the GoFundMe page, all the money raised will be used to provide scholarships for both of Sgt. Tuozzolo's two children.
Tuozzolo, 41, was killed and Sgt. Emmanuel Kwo, 30, was injured in the leg when suspect Manuel Rosales, 35, opened fire on police as they approached his car on Bronx River Avenue on Friday afternoon. Tuozzolo and Kwo were rushed to Jacobi Hospital, where Tuozzolo, a 19-year-veteran, was later pronounced dead.
Kwo, who has been released from the hospital, was assigned as an officer to the 122nd Precinct in New Dorp and 121st Precinct in Graniteville between 2008 and 2013, said a spokeswoman for the NYPD's Deputy Commissioner of Public Information.
"Please keep Sgts. Tuozzolo and Kwo and their loved ones and colleagues in your thoughts and prayers during this extremely challenging and heartbreaking time," it says on the GoFundMe website. "Help spread the word!"
Click here if you wish to make a donation.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
*The following is an opinion column by R Muse*
Americans who are even remotely aware of exactly how the Nazi's rose to power in the 1930s Germany must be astonished at the rate at which the Trump is embracing Gestapo-type tactics. Whether it is compiling an enemies list consisting of government employees or demonizing different groups for rage from his racist zealots, “the Trump” is conducting a real-time master class in how Hitler controlled his enemies.
The latest outrage, one that should alarm every American alive, is a call from a Trump acolyte in a Trump-related newspaper. The call to action was a summons for FBI Director James Comey, to use the authority of the Bureau to act as “official state police” to repress Americans exercising their First Amendment right to assemble.
Although this is a seriously astonishing concept in America, this is the fascist authoritarian Trump making America great like his adopted Russian “bro” made the former Soviet Union “great.” Coupled with the “not-so-stunning” official revelation that Putin's Russians worked alongside the Trump campaign to install Vladimir's surrogate in the White House, of course Trump is going to employ Putin tactics to suppress dissent; it is just what authoritarian tyrants do.
The newspaper in question is owned by Trump's son-in-law Jared Kushner. Kushner is the same unelected private citizen that Trump wanted the highest level security clearance for so he could “play president” and receive daily presidential security briefings. Kushner is already a high-level advisor to dumb Donnie, and now he is using his personal newspaper as an administration propaganda arm to portray peaceful American protestors as “violent” and unlawful, and to demand that the FBI director Comey employ Stasi, KGB, or Gestapo tactics to crackdown, investigate and intimidate Americans for peaceably assembling.
It is unknown if Kushner got the idea from Nazi Germany, East Germany, the Soviet Union, Communist China, Hussein-era Iraq, Taliban-controlled Afghanistan, or Russia under Vladimir Putin, but he certainly did not find it anywhere in American history. The Founding Fathers saw to it that all Americans, including those protesting “the Trump,” were constitutionally protected to assemble and exercise free speech.
The opinion piece in the New York Observer was written for Trump by Austin Bay, a retired Army Reserve colonel and adjunct professor at the University of Texas in Austin. Bay's pro-Trump propaganda piece was titled “Comey's FBI Needs to Investigate Violent Democratic Tantrums.” Most Americans consider peaceable assembly as one of their many constitutionally-guaranteed rights, not violent democratic tantrums and not anything the “official state police” have authority to “clamp down on.”
The despicable Donald Trump, through a surrogate of course, demanded that as a loyal Trump campaign advocate and ally, FBI Director Comey has an obligation to use the full authority and power of the federal investigative agency to:
“Launch a coordinated crackdown on nationwide anti-Trump protests, mobilizations and recount efforts. Conduct detailed investigations into the violence and political thuggery that continue to mar the presidential election's aftermath, and include a thorough probe of the protests to include possible ties to organizations demanding vote recounts. The hard left's violent reaction to Donald Trump's election is vile and dangerous. Demonstrators vandalize and destroy. They have two goals: intimidating people and sustaining the mainstream media lie that Donald Trump is dangerous.”
Ironically, in speaking on behalf of a Russian sympathizer and Putin devotee, the Trump article incites fear of “communists” and goes to great lengths to smear the Black Lives Matter movement as violent. The propaganda also smears the various grassroots campaigns urging electors to honor the popular vote and keep Trump from the White House. Bay writes that “Reports that members of the Electoral College are being threatened by angry, vicious (and likely Democratic Party) malcontents require Comey's quick and systematic attention.”
The editor of Extra!, the media watchdog magazine of Fairness & Accuracy In Reporting (FAIR), Jim Naureckas, told Alternet that the anti-American propaganda piece is:
“One of the most disturbing things he has seen since the election. To have the incoming ruler's son-in-law using his paper to call for the federal police to investigate protests against the ruler, that is pretty far gone. It struck me as a ‘first they came for the communists' moment. It shows you the outlines of how you would justify a complete crackdown on dissent. It's frightening.”
Mr. Naureckas certainly hit the nail on the head when he said it was irrelevant whether Kushner or Trump himself penned the propaganda piece.
“This publication is literally in the family. This paper has been an organ of the Trump movement from the beginning, and it is owned by one of the closest confidants Trump has. The idea of sending the secret police after protesters is an incredibly dangerous idea, and it must be repudiated.” (author bold)
It is probably redundant to state, but the retired colonel who ghost-wrote the piece for Trump, Trump's son-in-law, and dastardly Donald himself know what the First Amendment says and guarantees, but they have as little use for the document as they do any other law that doesn't force Americans to worship Trump or eliminate his detractors. Don't believe it?
Remember, throughout the campaign Trump incited his racist devotees to violence against protestors at his events and rallies. At a Las Vegas campaign stop in February, he said about one protestor, “I'd like to punch him in the face. In the old days protesters would be carried out in stretchers.” He also used social media to incite his acolytes by condemning peaceful protests as “very unfair” and claimed that peaceably assembled protestors were all “paid agents incited by the media.” The Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC) has tracked a frightening rise in hate crime violence by Trump supporters since the election, and regarded at least 867 “post-election hate incidents” as a gross undercount.
This latest sign from “the Trump” that “constitutionally protected exercises in free speech” are going to be targeted by a Trump-directed federal police agency is much more than frightening; it is terrifyingly similar to Nazi Germany, East Germany Stasi, Russia and any tyrannically oppressive regime. A professor of politics and international studies at U.C. San Francisco, Stephen Zunes, said that despite the Constitution's free speech and assembly protections, the New York Observer article “presages a serious crackdown on civil liberties in the coming years.” It is precisely what no small number of political opinion writers warned Americans would happen if they placed a Putin cohort in the White House with Nazi advisors in tow; it's too bad that no-one listened.
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
Shares of Samsung surged on Wednesday after the South Korean technology giant's third quarter earnings guidance blew past expectations, suggesting the company is getting back on track after a number of weak quarters.
The company estimated its third-quarter profit rose 79.8 percent on year to 7.3 trillion won ($6.29 billion), its first quarterly profit gain in two years and its biggest since the first quarter of 2014. This compares with 6.7 trillion won forecast by analysts in a Reuters poll.
It also expects its third-quarter revenue to have risen 7.5 percent from a year earlier to 51 trillion won. The firm will report its full results in late October.
Investors cheered the guidance, sending Samsung's stock soaring 8.7 percent to 1.251 million won, their highest since late July.
Read MoreSamsung at center of energy test storm
"It's a very pleasant surprise, this is much stronger than consensus. That clearly shows Samsung's earnings recovery is well on track," said Daniel Kim, analyst at Macquarie Equities Research.
Kim pins the earnings surprise on two factors: higher-than-expected margins for the company's display panel business as well as stronger-than-expected shipments of premium smartphones Galaxy Note 5 and Galaxy S6 edge plus in September - a welcome development for the company's mobile division which has been struggling in the face of waning global demand and intensifying competition from Apple and low-cost manufacturers.
HBO just picked up its flagship drama True Blood for a 12-episode fourth season two episodes into Season 3. Ratings for last night's second episode are not available yet but the season premiere averaged 5.1 million viewers, a 38% increase from the season 2 opener.
LOS ANGELES, June 21, 2010 – HBO has renewed the hit show TRUE BLOOD for a 12-episode fourth season, it was announced today by Michael Lombardo, president, HBO Programming. Created by Alan Ball, the series will begin production of new episodes early next year in Los Angeles, with debut set for summer 2011.
“The new season of TRUE BLOOD is off to a terrific start, as enthusiasm for this unique show continues to build among both subscribers and critics,” noted Lombardo.
Added Ball: “This is the most fun I have ever had.”
Mixing romance, suspense, mystery and humor, TRUE BLOOD follows the romance between waitress Sookie Stackhouse (Anna Paquin), who can hear people's thoughts, and her boyfriend, 173-year-old vampire Bill Compton (Stephen Moyer), who went missing at the end of season two, and is now the object of a frantic search.
Season three credits: TRUE BLOOD was created by Alan Ball; based on the Sookie Stackhouse novels by Charlaine Harris; executive producers, Alan Ball and Gregg Fienberg; co-executive producers, Brian Buckner, Nancy Oliver and Alexander Woo; supervising producer, Raelle Tucker; producer, Mark McNair.
The city currently insures officers, but CfPP believes that if cops had to carry professional liability insurance, they would be a lot more cautious and courteous.
CfPP wants to put this question before Minneapolis voters on the November ballot. To do so, it needed to collect nearly 7,000 signatures by July 5. Then the city attorney, Susan Segal, would have to sign off on whether the proposal was legal.
Unfiltered police union boss Bob Kroll called the leaders of CfPP, Michelle Gross and David Bicking, “stupid” and “naïve” for spending as much time as they have on the referendum question. Kroll says no amount of signatures could supersede the city's longstanding labor contract with police.
On Friday, Segal agreed with Kroll, issuing a legal opinion to squash the amendment. She said the proposal would indeed violate the terms of the police contract and would be illegal under the Public Employment Labor Relations Act (PELRA). She also cited state statute, which requires cities to defend officers “while they are acting within their scope of duty and in good faith.”
Gross and Bicking insisted that they would keep up the fight to get the question on the ballot. CfPP said previously that in the case Segal sided against them, Plan B would be to sue the city and expedite the case to get a state Supreme Court ruling ahead of the November election.
The city isn't required to defend rogue cops, Bicking said in a statement.
“If you believe Ms. Segal's reasoning, the city is liable for all police conduct even when it violates the law or policies. The only way that's true is if police misconduct is part of the job — a proposition we can't accept.”
I came to realize that with everything I'd written on characterization and creating characters, I had nothing that covered the basic process of character creation and development, nor the basic structure of what makes a complete character - in short, basic character creation and development theory. So, here are the general processes I used to develop and create well-rounded characters.
The Character Creation & Development Process
This flowchart depicts how the character creation and development process usually works for me. Basically, it's an ongoing cycle of development, testing, and refinement that doesn't end until the story does.
The Anatomy Of A Complete Character
Generally, I divide the basic structure of a complete character into five points:
Your character's psyche - xir personality, attitude, ambitions, hopes, and fears, as well as why your character thinks and feels the way xe does now (which would include your character's history, upbringing, and all that). The challenges your character will have to overcome, and the flaws or difficulties that will set xir at odds with others. What makes your character desirable to have around and why others would choose to associate with your character excluding your character's special powers, talents, or physical appearance. What your character is without being in a position of power or having supermagical powers. Your character's talents and skills, and how xe uses them. Your character's physical appearance.
Now, let's liken all that to a vehicle.
The first item, your character's psyche, would be analogous to the engine. If an engine is missing crucial parts, it's not going to run. If your character has vast holes in xir psyche, xe's going to be virtually unplayable because all you can really do is default to “stall and idle until someone with a better engine takes mercy and tows me somewhere.” Stalling occasionally is okay and can add dramatic potential, but who is going to want a vehicle that has to be towed even to the grocery store?
Two would be analogous to a car's flaws. Pretty much vehicle has its weak points, either through design flaws or wear and tear. In-universe, this is okay because flaws add dramatic potential and challenge for your character - a race car suddenly starts smoking in the middle of a race? That's dramatic and suspenseful. Of course, you don't want your character to be so flawed that xe's basically a lemon - nobody's going to watch a race car that can't even get past the starting line.
Three would be analogous to the interior. People probably aren't going to want to drive or ride inside a car that smells like cat urine and has springs poking out of the seats unless they're really desperate and/or have no other alternative, and the minute they have an opportunity they'll probably try to find a replacement. On the other hand, a clean and comfortable interior might make someone willing to overlook the fact that the car is painted a horrible shade of green, or doesn't accelerate quite as fast as some other cars. (Now, this is mainly important if your character is supposed to be a hero, or at least a sort-of hero. If your character is a villain, then being a generally despicable person all around may be appropriate.)
Four would be analogous to the wheels, suspension, and steering system. Without these being functional, a car is useless because even if the engine is in perfect working order, it still can't go anywhere. Of course, your character's talents don't have to be exceptional if the story doesn't call for it - you don't need a mountain-worthy suspension system to get you to the grocery store, or a Formula 1 race car's speed to take a cross-country trip. Your character just needs the skills and gumption to get something of dramatic value done, whether it's the determination to keep looking for a lost loved one or the skill to hack into the evil overlord's computer systems to shut down the doomsday device.
Lastly, your character's appearance is analogous to the car's body. It's definitely a good thing to have, but at the end of the day spots of paint or even huge chunks can be missing from it and everything else will still run. In other words, we don't need to know how many hairs your character sports on xir left big toe. On the other hand, a car with a gorgeous paint job and perfect detailing is going to be useless if the engine and wheels/suspension/steering don't work.
Just like vehicles, characters can and should be tweaked and modified if something isn't working out. Don't get too attached to your character being one specific way, especially early on in development, because you'll often find that something you initially thought of won't work out as well as you'd hoped.
I strongly recommend that during the early stages of development you prioritize the items in the order which they appear on the list - worry about your character's history and motives before skills before appearance. That said, if you're working on history and motives and something comes to mind for your character's looks or skillset, go ahead and write it out or toy around with it for awhile. There is no "correct" order so long as you end up with a well-developed character in the end.
We can take all this and sum it up in an acronym - POSTA: Psyche/Personality, Obstacles, Sociability, Talents/Tools/Toys, and Appearance, summed up and explained in the below image:
Ubisoft's DRM measures on the PC are something that plenty of PC gamers know about and dislike. It also greatly inconveniences legitimate customers, but Ubisoft's digital head Chris Early outlined a lot of strategies to discourage piracy and eventually ditch all these DRM policies.
He also tried to justify the current DRM practices by saying that people shouldn't enjoy their content without them receiving anything in return, but they also do not want to create inconveniences for people who pay for their products. It's obviously a very delicate matter, and finding a correct balance is very difficult.
Ubisoft has been very blunt in the past when it comes to their DRM policies, and they've even gone as far as to say that “there's simply no way to bypass that, and we do not have more copies for you.” For such a company to abandon DRM entirely won't be easy.
“Is it fair for someone to enjoy our content without us receiving some value for that? I think at the core of that is, no,” he said to Eurogamer.
“Otherwise, other than works of charity, there would be few games made. The balance, however, is, how do we do anything about that and not harm the person who is giving us value for that?
“That's been the delicate balance that the industry has walked over time. It continues to be one that we grapple with as an industry. How do we create content and receive good value for that, and at the same time, not inconvenience the player who has given us value there?
“I don't know that there is a perfect answer today. There are some technological answers. There are some design answers. There have been different approaches from different publishers at times, some doing no DRM and just assuming it's the cost of doing business,” he added.
Ubisoft wants DRM to go away, but for that to happen, they need to figure out a way to provide a lot of value to PC gamers so that no one would want to pirate their games.
“Some are doing a very strict DRM. Some doing an on-going content revision. I don't think we have a single, good answer yet. The interesting thing will be, how do we create enough value that that need for DRM goes away?”
Tell us what you think in the comments section below.
This is really bizarre
A London solicitor is being investigated by the police after conducting three years' worth of extremely bizarre fake litigation that a judge has described as “breathtaking”.
Between 2010 and 2013 Andrew Benson — then a partner in the fraud team at London litigation boutique Byrne & Partners — orchestrated the sham which involved fictitious hearings before the Commercial Court and the Court of Appeal, fake judgments and sealed court orders, fake correspondence with a law firm and the fictitious instruction of various barristers.
There were even telephone conferences where Benson's senior partner and Doughty Street silk Ed Fitzgerald QC were impersonated, a court has heard.
Since the case report (embedded in full below) bringing to light the incredible behaviour appeared on BAILII yesterday, and quickly ended up on Twitter, lawyers have been tweeting their shock at what one QC described as “the most startling” judgment he has ever read:
Paras 12 to 105 are the most startling I have ever read in a High Court Judgment. Breathtaking!! HT @CivilLitTweet http://t.co/u0zsbF3c4c — Mukul Chawla QC (@MChawlaQC) November 19, 2014
In the opening sentence of the judgment, Mr Justice Hamblen warns:
“The facts giving rise to the present application are so extraordinary that they could have come from one of A.P.Herbert's ‘Misleading Cases' [an anthology of satirical law reports published in 1935].”
The judge continues:
“As with A.P. Herbert's ‘Uncommon Law', this case involves the false document literary technique — the creation of a sense of authenticity through the invention of documents which appear to be factual.”
Hamblen LJ goes on to detail how Benson falsely claimed to have instructed, among others, former Director of Public Prosecutions Lord MacDonald QC, while also charting how the fictional litigation had involved extensive faked correspondence with City law firm Norton Rose Fulbright.
In fact, added the judge:
“None of this reflected reality. Throughout that period there was in fact no contact with Norton Rose or the court.”
The fiction unravelled — finally — in December last year when questions were asked about a transcript of one of the purported hearings before Justice Popplewell and his real clerk was contacted directly.
At which point Benson was, according to Hamblen LJ, fired from Byrne & Partners and placed under investigation by the Metropolitan Police and the Solicitors Regulation Authority. The judge added:
“The deception practised by Mr Benson over a period of more than three years … is rightly described as breathtaking. Until the police and the SRA have concluded their investigations much remains unclear, including his motives.”
The case in which Benson was acting involved a dispute between an Islamic Investment Company and some diamond traders over the default of a loan. Neither Benson nor Byrne & Partners were party to the case before the court.
Read the judgment in full below:
Islamic Investment Company
NEW YORK, N.Y. — Sen. Bernie Sanders vowed Thursday to continue his fight to transform the Democratic Party and the nation, saying political campaigns come and go, but “political and social revolutions continue.”
“Our goal from day one has been transformed this nation,” the Vermont senator said in a speech at The Town Hall performance venue in New York City. “And that is the fight we are going to continue.”
Sanders praised the union movement, railed against poverty around the county, and warned his followers of the dangers of complacency.
"We cannot allow ourselves to become used to the fact that we have hundreds of thousands of children in this country who are homeless," he said to cheers of "Bernie! Bernie!" and "Run Bernie, run!"
"Never ever lose your sense of outrage," Sanders implored the approximately 1,250 supporters who attended the speech.
Hillary Clinton has won enough delegates to clinch the nomination, but Sanders apparently doesn't seem to need the prospect of winning to keep his campaign alive. Earlier Thursday, he taped a segment of The Late Show with Stephen Colbert, telling the audience, "All of you and everybody else who's watching have got to be involved in the political process, have got to stand up and fight for the kind of America that we know that we can become, and I'm never going to give up on that fight.
Audience members clapped and chanted "Bernie" when he walked on stage. About half gave Sanders a standing ovation.
"You've gotten used to that," Colbert said. "Sounds awfully good," Sanders replied.
Thursday's speech was part of a two-day swing through New York that will include a rally Friday in Syracuse, where Sanders will campaign for Eric Kingson, a progressive congressional candidate who co-founded Social Security Works. Sanders said during Thursday's speech he also plans to travel to California to campaign for a woman running for the state Senate.
"We're going to go all over this country because that is what the political revolution is about," he told the packed performance hall. "It is millions of people getting involved in the political process in a way that has never been seen in the modern history of this country."
Sanders said he wants to ensure the Democratic Party platform is the most progressive ever. Among other things, he wants the party agenda to make it clear the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal is "dead." And he said he may come to the floor of the Democratic convention with a proposal to establish "modern-day" Glass-Steagall legislation, which separated commercial and investment banking activities before it was repealed.
Sanders also vowed to abolish closed primaries and complained that superdelegates -- the Democratic Party leaders and officials who may vote for the candidate of their choice at the party's national convention -- aren't respecting the will of Democratic primary voters.
"We're going to change that," he said. "And while we're at it, we may as well transform the entire Democratic Party. What that means is forcing open the door for ordinary people, for working people and young people, rather than allowing wealthy campaign contributors to be running that party."
Earlier Thursday, Sanders spoke at the annual convention of the National Association of Latino Elected and Appointed Officials, where he denounced Trump's “bigotry.” He told his supporters Thursday night he intends to do everything he can to make sure Trump doesn't become president.
In an op-ed article for the Washington Post on Thursday, Sanders laid out what he described as the priorities of the "political revolution" he started with his presidential campaign.
"What do we want? We want an economy that is not based on uncontrollable greed, monopolistic practices and illegal behavior," Sanders wrote in the op-ed. "We want an economy that protects the human needs and dignity of all people — children, the elderly, the sick, working people and the poor. We want an economic and political system that works for all of us, not one in which almost all new wealth and power rests with a handful of billionaire families."
Though Sanders hasn't conceded the Democratic nomination race or endorsed Clinton, he has been slowly transitioning to a new phase focused on defeating Trump, making his mark on the Democratic Party and bringing new people into the political process.
About 20,000 people have signed up on Sanders' website seeking more information about running for office or helping people run for office, in response to urging from Sanders.
The Vermont senator himself has laid off staff and his fundraising has declined, with $16 million raised in May compared to $26.9 million in April and $46 million in March. The campaign said he began to shift fundraising efforts in May to help other progressive candidates for Congress and state-level offices, with more than $2.5 million raised for 21 candidates as of Monday.
In a C-SPAN interview on Wednesday, Sanders for the first time acknowledged the obvious, saying “It doesn't appear that I'm going to be the nominee.”
He said his staff is negotiating on “an almost daily basis” with Clinton's team, urging her to stake out the most progressive positions possible on campaign finance reform, health care, higher education, the economy and raising the minimum wage.
"What our job is now is to have her listen to what millions of people in this country who supported me want to see happen, and we'll see how that evolves,” he told C-SPAN's Steve Scully.
Google's next Nexus smartphone, long rumoured to be made by Motorola , codenamed 'Shamu', and called the Nexus X (and not Nexus 6 as previously rumoured), has been doing the rounds of the Internet for a while.
However, no leaked images had been made available to lend further credence to the rumoured device until now. 9to5Google on Wednesday posted a mock-up image of alleged Nexus X based on some details received, including purported specifications.
At first glance, the mock-up image of the next Nexus makes the smartphone appear to be an elongated version of the second-generation Moto X and shares a lot of similarities in terms of design such as same aluminium bezels and the camera set-up. There are visibly a few differences between the purported Nexus X and the Moto X (Gen 2), especially in the physical buttons placement as the former has power and volume rocker moved down a bit, which can be credited to the 5.9-inch screen size.
(Also see: Google May Launch 2 Nexus Smartphones This Year: Report)
One of the notable features missing in the mock-up image is the Nexus branding, which the report points out will be present on the final version of smartphone alongside the legendary 'M' logo for Motorola.
Some of the purported specifications include a 5.92-inch QHD display with a resolution of 1440x2560 pixels (translating to an impressive pixel density of 498ppi), a 3200mAh battery; a 13-megapixel rear camera with 4K video recording capability; a 2-megapixel front camera; a Snapdragon 805 processor, and 3GB of RAM.
(Also see: Motorola 'Shamu' Nexus X Arrives in India; Moto X+1 Gets Pictured: Reports)
While some of the specifications for rumoured Nexus X tipped by 9to5Google are in-line with previous reports, one of the biggest changes is the screen size as 5.2-inch display was earlier rumoured - though it fits in with leaks pointing to a second, larger Nexus.
A report on Tuesday suggested that the much-anticipated successor to the Nexus 5 alongside the next Nexus tablet, believed to be manufactured by HTC, would be unveiled by mid-October.
Further the report believed that both the new Nexus devices will be introduced alongside "a new software initiative" (most probably hinting the final release of Android L) either on October 15 or 16, citing 2 different sources familiar with Google's plans.
"The beginning is always a very good place to start..."
Humble Beginnings
The Microsoft Corporation first released their scaled down version of Windows 95, Windows CE (some say this stands for "Compact Edition" or "Consumer Electronics" although Microsoft dispute this) Version 1 in the November of 1996. It was designed to be user friendly, easy to use and familiar (To users of Windows 95 anyway).
To discuss the development of Windows CE we have to look back to the Summer of 1992. The inaugural steps of some of the technologies that would later dominate the Windows CE world can be traced back to 1990, however the initial motions at creating a Mobile Windows device heralded in 1992.
The WinPad project was a commitment by Microsoft to change the way users interacted with Windows. The idea was to invigorate innovations by changing the platform by which we were all familiar into something radically different. Microsoft's aim was to make these changes by modifying the scope of the Windows 16 (Win16) code into a new x86 platform. By 1994, Microsoft had signed on seven of the world's the largest OEM's into the WinPad project. The names included Compaq, Motorola, NEC and Sharp, names that would later come to dominate the Handheld PC markets.
Unfortunately WinPad was ahead of it's time. Containing technologies such as handwriting recognition. The supporting hardware technologies in 1994 were not up the standards required to run the modified Windows code. With the commercial use of 32-bit processors only starting to become standard, the CPU's and and Memory architecture were not powerful or efficient enough to take the loads required by the considerable advancements made in the software. Secondly, battery technology in 1994 was not cheap enough nor able to maintain useful functionality for long enough when using standard PC hardware.
After repeated discussion with both their OEM partners and focus groups. Microsoft withdrew operations on WinPad and cancelled the project completely in the Autumn of 1994.
At the same time a second project was also quietly getting underway within Redmond Codename Pulsar, the concept was to create a wireless, general use consumer device which would be akin to a "Pager on Steroids". The idea was based around creating a simple-to-use multifunction device, with a small amount of input functions (just a few buttons) and couple it with a radically different hardware setup. To Microsoft, this was an appealing prospect as it would enable them to break away from the complex, and often complicated PC software market and focus on simplifying their technologies for what Bill Gates and the thinkers within Microsoft increasingly believe would be the future. Unfortunately the world again was not ready for such a device, with research and feedback groups forced Microsoft to abandon the project.
Despite the setback, Microsoft knew that they were on the right track with their basic ideas for how to create mobile devices. This belief was gradually reinforced through the successes realised by Apple and Psion with their mobile offerings. Unfortunately in the early part of the 1990's the consumer market was not geared up to such technologies, especially on the scale Microsoft envisioned. With several players already in the market on a small scale, and only a virgining level of consumer interest Microsoft was forced to wait for the technological and market factors to catch up before they could act.
During this time Microsoft took onboard the lessons learnt from both the WinPad and Pulsar projects, opting to take what was right from both development paths and bring them together.
In the December of 1994, shortly after the WinPad project was disbanded the teams working separately on WinPad and Pulsar were brought together to form one development group.
The group was named Pegasus.
« Previous Page · Next Page »
( Humble Beginnings | Windows CE 1 | Windows CE 2 | Windows CE 3 | Windows CE 4 | Windows CE 5 | Windows CE 6 )
A longitudinal study that found teens who smoked marijuana had lower IQ scores in adulthood has been challenged by a researcher at the Frisch Centre for Economic Research in Norway.
In an analysis published online by the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, Ole Røgeberg said the original study of almost 1,000 participants in New Zealand over nearly four decades was “flawed and the causal inference drawn from the results premature.”
The original study found those who started smoking marijuana before 18 years of age tended to score lower on IQ tests in adulthood. There was no decline in IQ for those who began smoking after 18 years of age, suggesting the teenage brain was particularly vulnerable to the drug.
However, Røgeberg found the participants' socioeconomic status — their income, education, occupation, and family history — could explain the apparent correlation between marijuana use and decline in IQ scores.
Though his analysis does not entirely debunk the original study, it does suggest that factors besides marijuana could be the real driving force behind the IQ decline. Due to the confounding variables, the true effect of marijuana on IQ scores could potentially be zero, Røgeberg wrote in his abstract.
The authors of the original study disagree. They told the Associated Press the results of their study remained even after their data was re-examined in light of Røgeberg's criticisms.
Image: JohnnY/Steam Community
The global arms trade is one of the most lucrative markets in the world, but two young gamers have discovered the virtual weapons market isn't too shabby either.
Artur Minacov, 21 and John Brechisci, 28, founded a site called OPSkins in January, and say they've since made a fortune buying and selling virtual video game gun skins online.
Based in Montreal, OPSkins is an in escrow system for the sale of virtual gun designs, also known as skins, earned from playing the first-person shooter video game Counter-Strike: Global Offensive. Users come to the website and put their skins up for sale, and the company then keeps the item on hold until money from the buyer is received.
Minacov and Brechisci manage the risks of the transactions and keep 10 percent of each sale. The two founders say they deal with an average of $120,000 in transactions per day, which means a daily profit of about $12,000.
Every 100 operation points is equal to $1 USD, which makes this a $1,500 knife skin. Image: Screenshot
The men say they started their venture because players were getting scammed selling their virtual weapons online outside of the Steam Community Market, the hugely popular marketplace owned by Counter-Strike's developer Valve.
"People used to sell their guns directly on forums", said Minacov. "The buyer would pay via Paypal, but afterwards, would charge back as soon as he got his item. So people who sold the weapon were getting scammed. The community wasn't happy about it, so we tried to find a solution."
The reason some users have attempted to sell items outside of Valve's official marketplace is simple: When a user sells an item through Valve's marketplace, they can only use the proceeds to buy other weapon skins, or new games on Steam, said Minacov, who runs the company from his parent's basement.
"With us, people cash out the money they are getting from each sale. Some can make a lot of money out of it," he explained.
Some of OPSkins' featured weapon skins. Image: Screenshot
New Counter-Strike skins are rewarded randomly, earned by completing challenges, or bought through the Steam Community Market—and every day, between 10,000 to 15,000 items are exchanged on OPSkins' site. Some of those items sell for thousands of dollars. The most expensive item, a virtual knife, sold for $5,000.
Is that an insane price to shell out for a virtual weapon? "There is scarcity attached to some items, but it's all cosmetic," said Brechisci. "Plenty of users don't think it is ridiculous. Actually, 370,000 users don't."
While OPSkins is totally independant from Steam's Community Market, the men say that Valve hasn't given them any trouble. "We had talks with Valve," said Brechisci. "They shut us down once. They investigated what we were doing and then they turned us back on and said we were good to go."
In fact, their business is doing so well that OPSkins says it now employs 20 staff members, spread across the US, Canada and Europe.
On July 9th, Montreal is hosting the ESWC Counter-Strike: GO World Finals, and OPSkins will be the main sponsor, investing $100,000 in the event. "It's huge for our city," said Minacov.
It's also a huge sum for a 21-year-old still living under his parents' roof, but the young entrepreneur isn't too caught up on numbers. "We want to give back to the community but it's also an excellent way to advertise our product."
Correction - 30/06: A previous version of this article said that OPSkins co-founder Artur Minacov dropped out of college to focus on his business. Rather, Minacov dropped out to pursue a previous business that was not OPSkins.
Time: No, we didn't give Trump 'devil horns'
This image provided by Time magazine, shows the cover of the magazine's Person of the Year edition with President-elect Donald Trump in New York. This image provided by Time magazine, shows the cover of the magazine's Person of the Year edition with President-elect Donald Trump in New York. Photo: Nadav Kander, Associated Press Photo: Nadav Kander, Associated Press Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close Time: No, we didn't give Trump 'devil horns' 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
Time on Wednesday named Donald Trump its Person of the Year and revealed the magazine cover.
But it wasn't the blunt "President of the Divided States of America" underline that made the Internet take notice. It was the "devil horns."
Apparently many people viewed the positioning of Trump's photo over the red "M" in "TIME" as a deliberate attempt to give the president-elect satanic growths rising from his coiffed combover.
did they … wait … are those … devil horns? pic.twitter.com/LgittWyTEa — Mike, but furious (@mikerugnetta) December 7, 2016
Time, of course, denied using typography to suggest that the next president of the United States is in fact a demon from hell.
"There was some hubbub online Wednesday over TIME's new Person of the Year cover, which appeared to show Donald Trump sporting a set of horns (This sort of thing has happened before)," Time magazine explained in a statement online Thursday morning.
And indeed, photos of Bill Clinton, Hillary Clinton, George W. Bush, Pope Francis and dozens of others have sprouted horns, thanks to that oversized "M" getting in the way.
"Any resemblance to cats, bats or devil horns is entirely coincidental," the magazine stated.
Maybe they should run that disclaimer on the cover of the next Person of the Year.
MONTREAL — By all accounts Prime Minister Stephen Harper will do more than just seek an extension of the current Canadian military engagement in Iraq next week. The plan he will put forward in the House of Commons is expected to feature a more muscular mission that could explicitly leave the door open to Canada participating in airstrikes over Syria.
There were mixed feelings within Liberal ranks when Justin Trudeau decided to vote against the Iraq mission last fall. ( Steve Russell / Toronto Star file photo )
If only to avoid having the next deadline collide with the upcoming election campaign, the duration of the mission will be longer than the six-month period set for the previous instalment. For better or for worse, after the next week, the positions of the three main parties will be cast in stone until after the election. The Conservatives failed to secure any opposition support for the mission last fall.
Article Continued Below
So far that has done them more good than harm. Canada's military deployment in Iraq enjoys majority support nationally including — as a bonus to the government — in Quebec. Past experience suggests that support for a military engagement inevitably erodes over time. Still it would likely take more than the few months between now and the October election for mission fatigue to truly set in. Given all that, Harper is probably comfortable with the notion of again going it alone. His strategists may even crave that possibility.
And yet, the prime minister would almost certainly reap more electoral rewards from crafting a parliamentary consensus on the mission than from turning it into yet another wedge issue. On this as on their anti-terrorism bill, the biggest political risk to the Conservatives may be their own tendency to engage in rhetorical overkill.
Article Continued Below
Episodes such as the one that saw Defence Minister Jason Kenney put up fake pictures of Muslim women in chains on his Twitter feed to shame the opposition for voting against the mission are a case in point. With memories of the previous Iraq and Afghanistan engagements still fresh in the country's collective memory, more than a few voters start from the premise that this is an issue on which honest politicians can come to different conclusions as to the most appropriate role for Canada to play. Polls show that Canadians — even as they are generally supportive of the military nature of the mission (as they are of Bill C-51) — are not looking to give Harper a blank cheque to lead the country in a ground war in the Middle East. If the opposition has scored any points on the issue so far it has been on the perception that the prime minister has been economical with the truth about the combat exposure of the soldiers he so ostensibly confined to a training role. On that basis prudence would dictate that, if only to avoid being blindsided by a significant development over the election campaign, Harper be as specific as possible as to what this renewed commitment might entail. But at the end of the day little would bolster confidence in the government's case as much as the sight of some opposition cover for the Conservative position. That's partly why all eyes will be on Liberal Leader Justin Trudeau as take two of the debate over the Iraq mission gets under way next week. There were mixed feelings within Liberal ranks as to Trudeau's decision to vote against the mission last fall. At the time some of the party's elder statesmen made a more solid case for supporting Harper's plan than their leader did for opposing it. The Iraq debate coincided with the beginning of a slow but steady drop in Liberal support in voting intentions that now has the party tied with the Conservatives in most polls. Against that backdrop, many have wondered whether Trudeau's decision to support the government's anti-terror bill earlier this year was a prelude to a reversal on the Iraq mission. But one does not necessarily follow the other. The Liberals could, for instance, have supported Canada's military role in Iraq and opposed Bill C-51 instead of the reverse. Indeed, some of their supporters wish they had gone that route. But whether Trudeau sticks to his guns on Harper's Iraq mission or reverses himself next week, he will have to do a better job of articulating his party's position than he did last fall. Chantal Hébert is a national affairs writer. Her column appears Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday.
Read more about:
This video is no longer available
This video was hosted on Vidme, which is no longer in operation. However, you might find this video at one of these links:
Video title:
F1 2012 - Spanish GP / Maldonado's Masterdrive
Upload date:
February 2 2017
Uploaded by:
VIDMESTANDARD123
Video description:
The 2012 Spanish Grand Prix was a Formula One motor race that was held on 13 May 2012 at the Circuit de Catalunya in Barcelona, Spain. It was the fifth round of the 2012 season and the twenty-second time the Spanish Grand Prix been held at the circuit. The race was supported by the GP2 and GP3 Series. Lewis Hamilton initially qualified on pole, but he was excluded from the results for a technical infringement, and Williams's Pastor Maldonado inherited pole. Maldonado went on to win the race, his team's first victory since the 2004 Brazilian Grand Prix and the first ever Formula One victory by a Venezuelan driver. Fernando Alonso finished second, ahead of Kimi Räikkönen in third (Wikipedia, 2017).
Total views:
3,070
Researchers have uncovered a never-before-seen version of Stuxnet. The discovery sheds new light on the evolution of the powerful cyberweapon that made history when it successfully sabotaged an Iranian uranium-enrichment facility in 2009.
Stuxnet 0.5 is the oldest known version of the computer worm and was in development no later than November of 2005, almost two years earlier than previously known, according to researchers from security firm Symantec. The earlier iteration, which was in the wild no later than November 2007, wielded an alternate attack strategy that disrupted Iran's nuclear program by surreptitiously closing valves in that country's Natanz uranium enrichment facility. Later versions scrapped that attack in favor of one that caused centrifuges to spin erratically. The timing and additional attack method are a testament to the technical sophistication and dedication of its developers, who reportedly developed Stuxnet under a covert operation sponsored by the US and Israeli governments. It was reportedly personally authorized by Presidents Bush and Obama.
Also significant, version 0.5 shows that its creators were some of the same developers who built Flame, the highly advanced espionage malware also known as Flamer that targeted sensitive Iranian computers. Although researchers from competing antivirus provider Kaspersky Lab previously discovered a small chunk of the Flame code in a later version of Stuxnet, the release unearthed by Symantec shows that the code sharing was once so broad that the two covert projects were inextricably linked.
"What we can conclude from this is that Stuxnet coders had access to Flamer source code, and they were originally using the Flamer source code for the Stuxnet project," said Liam O'Murchu, manager of operations for Symantec Security Response. "With version 0.5 of Stuxnet, we can say that the developers had access to the exact same code. They were not just using shared components. They were using the exact same code to build the projects. And then, at some point, the development [of Stuxnet and Flame] went in two different directions."
Symantec officials announced the discovery on Tuesday at the RSA security conference in San Francisco. A paper outlining the researchers' findings is here.
The 600K worth of code found in Stuxnet 0.5 is highly modular, just as it was in the 500K Stuxnet 1.0. The encryption algorithms, string objects, and logging functions in the earlier version are almost identical to those of Flame. In contrast, the later Stuxnet version largely eschewed the development conventions of Flame, as Stuxnet developers adhered more to the so-called tilded platform shared with Duqu, another piece of sophisticated espionage malware that targeted Middle Eastern computer systems.
Most significantly, the earlier Stuxnet version contained an alternate method of sabotaging Iran's nuclear-enrichment process, the details of which had never been fully understood. It injected malicious code into the instructions sent to 417 series programmable logic controllers (PLCs) made by the German conglomerate Siemens. Natanz engineers used the PLCs to open and shut valves that fed Uranium hexafluoride, or UF6 gas, into centrifuge groupings. Stuxnet 0.5 closed specific valves prematurely, causing pressure to grow as much as five times higher than normal. Under those conditions, the gas would likely turn into a solid and destroy the centrifuges, possibly even the sensitive equipment used to develop them.
One of the domain names hardcoded into version 0.5 was registered in November 2005, while data on malware-scanning service VirusTotal shows that the version was in the wild no later than November 2007. This means that Stuxnet attackers' detailed familiarity with Iran's nuclear facilities dates back much earlier than previously known. It suggests espionage malware such as Flame, Duqu, or a still-unknown title had burrowed into Iranian systems in the months or years prior to the beginning of the development work.
"The attacker had to have extremely good knowledge of how Natanz operated in order to build this code," O'Murchu said of version 0.5. "They also needed to know the exact layout of the cascade and centrifuges, and they needed to know that they were using 417 PLCs."
Stuxnet 0.5 was programmed to wait 30 to 35 days between the time it took control of a computer and the time it launched the valve attack, which took two to three hours to complete. That month-long wait gave the program time to gather normal equipment readings that would be replayed while the attack was in progress to prevent operators from knowing anything was amiss in the enrichment process. The malware also contained code that prevented engineers from manipulating the valves during the attack. Like later versions, Stuxnet 0.5 was programmed to attack only equipment containing labels found in Iran's Natanz facility, presumably to prevent malfunctions in other plants. The ability to capture normal readings and replay them during the attack was another characteristic found in later Stuxnet versions.
Up to now, however, no one has seen the attack targeting the valves. Instead, as reported by Wired reporter Kim Zetter in 2011, Stuxnet 1.x versions used an entirely different attack strategy that tampered with the computerized frequency converters controlling the speed at which centrifuges spun during the enrichment process. By injecting code into the PLCs that controlled the centrifuge speeds, 1.x versions caused them to spin too fast and then spin too slow, resulting in fatal damage to key parts of the enrichment process.
Stuxnet lite
Unlike later versions of the worm, 0.5 used a single exploit to spread from computer to computer. Specifically, it exploited a vulnerability in the Siemens Simatic Step7 software that developers use to program PLCs. Once a computer was infected, any removable drive connected to it that contained Step7 files would be infected. When the infected USB drive was later plugged into another computer, it would become infected as soon as the user opened the malicious Step7 files. The exploit was dubbed a "DLL preloading attack" because it allowed Stuxnet to execute malicious dynamic link library (DLL) files on targeted computers running Microsoft Windows.
O'Murchu said there's no way of knowing if Stuxnet 0.5 ever carried out the highly advanced attack on the Siemens 417 controllers inside Natanz. It's also impossible to know how many systems were infected by it. But given changes that were introduced in subsequent versions, it's reasonable to speculate that Stuxnet developers were unhappy with the infection rate of the earlier version and sought new ways to make their malware more aggressive.
Specifically, later versions of Stuxnet relied on at least five previously unknown vulnerabilities to self replicate, including two zero-day vulnerabilities in Windows that caused Stuxnet to infect computers as soon as a compromised USB drive was connected. As a result, 1.x versions ended up leaving a wide swath of collateral damage when they infected an estimated 100,000 computers, the vast majority of which had nothing to do with Iran's uranium-enrichment program. While the PLC attacks were only activated on computers located in the Natanz facility, the mass infection still proved costly to network operators all over the world.
So you have a Raspberry Pi but you're not a Linux expert? Have no fear it's not as hard as you might think. You can do tons of stuff on the Raspberry Pi without ever using the Linux prompt, but if you do take the time to learn it you'll open a whole world of power. In this article I'll attempt to give you a crash course in the Linux prompt on the Raspberry Pi.
My New Course: Hands on Internet of Things with the Raspberry Pi
I have just released my new course titled ”Hands on Internet of Things” which is intended to be a course for people who want to get started with IoT. I'll take you through blinking lights and reading sensors to creating YOUR own IoT endpoint and dashboard. I'm offering this special coupon for readers of my site: get %50 off this course here. Thanks for being a reader!
Like my IoT projects? Sign up here to be added to my IoT newsletter
What you'll need
For this tutorial I'm going to be using the Raspian image available here. This is a Raspberry Pi specific version of Debian and arguably the most robust and commonly used at this time. Since it's based off Debian it's more of a “pure Linux” type of environment anyway.
For the tutorials, you'll either need to SSH into your Raspberry Pi or use the LXTerminal found here:
Once you're there you'll be the command prompt or Linux shell. This is where we'll be spending our time today.
Instead of screenshots of everything I will be just posting code, where you see something like this:
$ (Some commands here)
This is what I'll ask you to type at the prompt.
Who this is for
This guide is going to be aimed at “newbies” who have a Raspberry Pi and want to dig deeper. I've been getting a lot of criticism lately for articles that are “too basic” but this is exactly what an aspiring tech needs. We were all there once, and I'm hoping this article will light a fire and maybe inspire some folks to shake their fears of the prompt.
Getting Started: Where am I?
So you've loaded up the terminal or SSH and you're starting at that screen that says:
pi@raspberrypi ~ $
What the heck does that mean? It's what's referred to as the prompt. It's roots go back to the days when computers took up entire rooms so you had a “console” which was just a mouse and keyboard to connect to it. (In many ways we're drifting towards a similar model today). It's simply waiting for you to give it a command.
The “pi” is your username on the system. Since you logged in as pi (I assume) it's displayed there, then there is a @ sign and they hostname (raspberrypi). The hostname is a name for your machine that identifies you on a network.
Find your location.
The file system is composed of many files and folders. But don't call them folders, generally in the Linux world they are called “directories”. You have your main root directory, which is simply “/”. The directories below that go after the slash, like /home or /home/pi. In fact you can see that structure in your file manager.
See up in the location area where it says “/home/pi”? this means you're in the pi directory, which is in the home directory. So let's look around.
When you open your console window you see the prompt, but how do you know where you are at? It's easy, simply type in
pwd
and press enter. This show what directory you are in. You should see it display “/home/pi”. This is your home directory where you will store all your files.
Look Around
Now that you know where you're located in the file tree, let's see what is stored in /home/pi.
ls
This will show you something like the following (I have added stuff):
pi@raspberrypi:~$ ls clearram.sh cut indiecity python_games RetroPie-Setup config.txt.save Desktop octogen RAMP Scratch config.txt.save.1 Documents octopress RetroPie storage
This shows a listing of all the files and folders on that system. But that isn't quite as useful as the next command:
ls -la
What this does are “list all” and shows a lot more information about the files.
drwxr-xr-x 33 pi pi 4096 Jan 18 18:07 . drwxr-xr-x 3 root root 4096 Dec 16 11:39 .. -rw------- 1 pi pi 7996 Jan 22 20:49 .bash_history -rw-r--r-- 1 pi pi 220 Dec 15 09:40 .bash_logout -rw-r--r-- 1 pi pi 238 Jan 1 01:48 .bash_profile -rw-r--r-- 1 pi pi 3324 Jan 1 01:48 .bashrc drwxr-xr-x 7 pi pi 4096 Dec 30 12:00 .cache -rwxr-xr-x 1 root root 982 Dec 24 03:18 clearram.sh drwxr-xr-x 9 pi pi 4096 Dec 26 21:15 .config -rwxr-xr-x 1 pi pi 1205 Dec 24 03:11 config.txt.save -rwxr-xr-x 1 pi pi 1205 Dec 24 03:11 config.txt.save.1 -rw-r--r-- 1 pi pi 0 Dec 27 22:57 cut drwx------ 3 pi pi 4096 Dec 26 20:49 .dbus drwxr-xr-x 2 pi pi 4096 Dec 30 13:39 Desktop drwxr-xr-x 2 pi pi 4096 Dec 31 18:29 .dgen drwx------ 2 pi pi 4096 Jan 18 18:07 .dillo drwxr-xr-x 3 pi pi 4096 Dec 26 21:07 Documents drwxr-xr-x 3 pi pi 4096 Dec 31 18:29 .emulationstation -rw------- 1 pi pi 16 Dec 26 20:49 .esd_auth drwxr-xr-x 2 pi pi 4096 Dec 30 13:39 .etracer drwx------ 3 pi pi 4096 Jan 18 18:07 .fltk drwxr-xr-x 2 pi pi 4096 Dec 30 12:00 .fontconfig drwxr-xr-x 3 pi pi 4096 Jan 1 03:08 .gem drwxr-xr-x 24 pi pi 4096 Dec 30 12:48 .gimp-2.8 drwxr-xr-x 2 pi indiecity 4096 Dec 26 21:43 .gstreamer-0.10 drwx------ 2 pi pi 4096 Dec 26 20:49 .gvfs drwxr-xr-x 3 pi indiecity 4096 Dec 26 21:13 indiecity drwx------ 3 pi pi 4096 Dec 26 21:14 .local -rw------- 1 pi pi 176 Dec 29 20:42 .mysql_history drwxr-xr-x 4 pi pi 4096 Jan 1 12:54 octogen drwxr-xr-x 8 pi pi 4096 Jan 1 12:36 octopress -rw-r--r-- 1 pi pi 675 Dec 15 09:40 .profile drwx------ 2 pi pi 4096 Dec 29 00:56 .pulse -rw------- 1 pi pi 256 Dec 26 20:49 .pulse-cookie drwxrwxr-x 2 pi pi 4096 Jul 20 2012 python_games drwxr-xr-x 2 pi pi 4096 Dec 26 21:29 RAMP drwxr-xr-x 3 pi pi 4096 Jan 1 01:45 .rbenv drwxr-xr-x 7 pi pi 4096 Dec 31 18:29 RetroPie drwxr-xr-x 6 pi pi 4096 Dec 31 18:29 RetroPie-Setup drwxr-xr-x 24 pi pi 4096 Jan 1 01:53 .rvm drwxr-xr-x 3 pi pi 4096 Dec 26 21:07 .scratch drwxr-xr-x 2 pi pi 4096 Dec 26 21:07 Scratch drwxr-xr-x 2 pi pi 4096 Dec 26 20:25 storage drwx------ 5 pi pi 4096 Dec 30 12:04 .thumbnails drwx------ 2 pi pi 4096 Dec 26 21:07 .vnc -rw------- 1 pi pi 162 Dec 26 21:01 .Xauthority -rw------- 1 pi pi 27793 Jan 23 20:55 .xsession-errors -rw-r--r-- 1 pi pi 118 Jan 1 01:48 .zprofile -rw-r--r-- 1 pi pi 59 Jan 1 01:48 .zshrc
Now, you're not crazy if you think the list got bigger. List all will show all the files, including hidden ones. See the ones with the dot in front of them? Those are hidden. You can hide files or folders by renaming them with the dot in front. This will make the files hidden, but don't rely on that for security. As you can see they're easily visible with the right parameters.
Basic Linux Navigation
So you see the file called “Desktop”? That's actually a folder where all the stuff from your desktop is located. Let's go there.
cd Desktop
“cd” stands for change directory, and it's a great navigation tool. Now type in “ls -la” and enter, and you'll see all the files in the desktop.
Want to go back to the /home/pi folder?
cd ..
It's that easy! You can keep typing cd .. to get to the bottom of your directory tree, or root. Another way to do that is:
cd /
Now you are the root. Type “pwd” to confirm.
pi@raspberrypi:/$ pwd /
Now, what if you want to back to the desktop? There are two ways to do this.
cd home cd pi cd Desktop
Send these three commands and you'll get there. But there is a faster way:
cd /home/pi/Desktop
You can travel anywhere your permissions allow you to. Here is another neat thing, you can press the “tab” button on your keyboard to autocomplete.
Type in
cd /home/pi/D
and instead of pressing enter, press “TAB”. You will see that it shows “Desktop” and “Documents” as options, because they both start with “D”. Press “TAB” again until you see Desktop shown. This can be handy when you forget the name of a file or directory.
Want to go from /home/pi/Documents back to root? There are two ways to do this:
cd .. cd ..
or you can simply type
cd /
Advanced Linux Navigation
Now I'll show you some cool navigation tricks. Since you're now in “/home/pi/Desktop” you want to go to your Documents. There are three ways to do this:
cd .. cd Documents
Or
cd /home/pi/Documents
or also
cd ../Documents/
The first option is just going down one directory and back up. The 2nd option takes you to the exact location. The third option combines with .. to bring you down one directory and back up in another.
This is really useful for copying files, as you could copy a test file by typing the following:
copy mytest.txt ../Documents
This becomes really useful. You can even go into directories that aren't in that tree:
cd ../../../var/
This is the equivalent of typing “cd ..” multiple times to get to /var.
How to create text files in Linux
You can create files from the prompt, and directories to put them in. Go to /home/pi and type in:
mkdir mystuff
This will create a directory called “mystuff”. Go to it.
cd mystuff
In this folder, we want to create just an empty file. That's done using the “touch” command.
touch test.txt
Now, look for this file:
ls test.txt
and you'll see it there. But this is just a plain text file with nothing inside it. Let's change that.
nano test.txt
You should see a window that looks like this:
This is the nano text editor. It works great for creating and working with text files. In that window, type whatever you want, like
The Raspberry Pi is awesome!
Then press Control + x
You will see a notification:
Save modified buffer (ANSWERING “No” WILL DESTROY CHANGES) ?
Type Y (for yes)
it will then show a filename (test.txt) which you can leave or change to anything you want.
How to move files in Linux
Now that you have the file there, let's move it around. You are currently in the /home/pi/mystuff directory, but what if you want to put the file on your desktop? It's a lot like the cd parameters you saw a while ago:
mv test.txt ../Desktop/
This will move the file to the desktop. But what if you want to copy it back? Since you're currently in the /home/pi/mystuff directory, you can't just type in “mv test.txt”. You have to specify where the file is located and where you want it:
mv /home/pi/Desktop/test.txt /home/pi/mystuff/
But there is another, faster way:
mv ../Desktop/test.txt .
See the single dot? That means “here” wherever you're located. Two dots (..) means the directory below the one you're in. If you want to go two directories down, it's “../../” and so on.
How to copy files in Linux
What if you just want to make a copy of the file in another folder? This is a simple as changing two letters (mv to cp)
cp test.txt ../Desktop/
This creates a copy of the file.
How to delete files in Linux
To delete this file, type in
rm test.txt
If you want to delete a directory,
rmdir directoryname
So let's try something different. Make sure you're in /home/pi/mystuff and create a few files:
touch test2.txt touch test.jpg touch test3.png
Now, go back into your /home/pi directory:
cd ..
And remove the “mystuff” directory:
rmdir mystuff
Did you get the following message?
rmdir: failed to remove ‘mystuff': Directory not empty
You can't delete directories that are not empty. This is a good safety measure. There are two things you can do here:
Remove all the files then delete it
delete recursively
The first thing we'll do is try to delete all the files. This is easy, just like DOS back in the day:
rm mystuff/*
See the * ? This means “everything”. But what if you only want to delete the text files?
rm mystuff/*.txt
Or what if you want to delete everything starting with the letter “t”?
rm mystuff/t*
Now I mentioned another option, recursively deleting it. This means the rm command will travel through the directory when it works. To remove everything in mystuff and the files, type in
rm -rf mystuff
This will force the command to wipe out everything. Very handy (and very dangerous).
Summary
I hope this has given you a basic tour of the command prompt. There's lots more to learn but this should be enough to get you started. As I said before, the command line is a very powerful tool. The more you learn about working with the command line, the more you'll be able to do. GUIs are great to make things easier, multitask and do certain tasks faster. But the command prompt allows you more power, and you can do many more complicated tasks faster. Once you get the hang of it you'll be able to do lot more in a shorter time. If this is helpful, I'll add a lot more of these.
If you have any questions feel free to comment!
My New Course: Hands on Internet of Things with the Raspberry Pi
I have just released my new course titled ”Hands on Internet of Things” which is intended to be a course for people who want to get started with IoT. I'll take you through blinking lights and reading sensors to creating YOUR own IoT endpoint and dashboard. I'm offering this special coupon for readers of my site: get %50 off this course here. Thanks for being a reader!
Like my IoT projects? Sign up here to be added to my IoT newsletter
A study published on Monday presents alarming new evidence about something that has, so far, been anecdotally reported: the U.S. military has a white nationalist problem, and it's getting worse.
For more than a decade, reports have linked high-profile racist extremists to veterans organizations and the military. This latest study suggests there's a problem more far-ranging than the occasional “bad apple” or enlisted figurehead.
Advertisement
In September, about a month after white supremacists descended on Charlottesville, VA, for the “Unite the Right” rally, Army Times conducted a confidential online survey of more than 1,000 active-duty troops. The publication released the results of that poll late Monday afternoon.
The Times found that nearly one in four survey respondents had witnessed concrete instances of white nationalism among fellow troops. Unsurprisingly, the number of “non-white” troops who witnessed such behavior was much higher, at around 42%. Among active-duty troops at large, however, homegrown white nationalism was ranked as a more pressing national security threat than Syria, Iraq, Afghanistan, “U.S. protest movements,” and “civil disobedience.”
Advertisement
Perhaps more troublingly, while the majority of service members did recognize the threat of white nationalism in the service and the nation at large, a fringe faction (around 5%) wrote comments disparaging the methodology of the poll and complaining that groups like Black Lives Matter weren't included as an example of an encroaching extremist threat. (To its credit, the Times refers to BLM's goal as being to raise “awareness of violence and discrimination towards black people.”)
In these written responses to the survey, anonymous members of the command reflected opinions of white nationalism typically only held by, well, white nationalists:
“White nationalism is not a terrorist organization,” wrote one Navy commander, who declined to give his name. “You do realize white nationalists and racists are two totally different types of people?” wrote another anonymous Air Force staff sergeant.
Advertisement
The oddly pervasive belief among white people that they're being actively discriminated against aside, the military's white nationalist problem has troubling consequences for nearly every other major fissure in America today. For example: While some military commanders went on the record to counter Trump's “nice-people-on-all-sides” apologist whimper in Charlottesville's wake, it has become clear over the last year's violent protests how much white nationalist and neo-Nazi groups rely on former service members for protection, tactical advice, and recruiting. This has been the result of a long-term, intentional campaign.
As far back as 2009, the Department of Homeland Security warned of right wing extremists targeting “disgruntled” former service members. These people “will attempt to recruit and radicalize returning veterans in order to exploit their skills and knowledge derived from military training and combat,” DHS wrote. So we shouldn't have been surprised when leaders of white supremacist groups in Charlottesville were later identified as former Marines—and one, even, as a Corps recruiter.
Nor, as these trends intensify, should we be surprised when Charlottesville cops stand and watch a white supremacist shoot a gun into a crowd. Those same 1-in-20 Military Times respondents who espouse white nationalist thought are very likely, once they leave the service, to find themselves as members of the increasingly unregulated, militarized power structure in this country.
Advertisement
As ICE and Border Patrol struggle to keep pace with their Trump-era hiring mandates, the agencies will continue to aggressively recruit military veterans, waiving some requirements in order to fast-track them; the American Law Enforcement Heroes Act, signed by the president in June, incentivizes local police forces to hire even more veterans, though by some estimates one in five officers are already coming into the force from Afghanistan, Iraq, or another military assignment.
White nationalist groups, neo-Nazis, and the so-called “alt-right” have recently bragged of infiltrating academia, politics, the media, even the tech industry. But in infiltrating the military, they've acquired much more terrifying means.
Who won the debate? Unlike past debates, there wasn't an obvious a winner. Marco Rubio likely won by default, since he entered the debate as the rising star and only helped himself, answering questions with poise and detail, and imbuing them with feeling. As several reporters noted on Twitter during the event, Rubio's answers are often taken nearly verbatim from his stump speech, but most voters don't know the speech well, so it doesn't matter at this point. His deft turn when Paul accused him of phony conservatism, making his answer an emotional one about defending America, was vintage Rubio.
Carson offered a mixed performance. Asked about the many stories questioning his past over the last week, he pivoted quickly to an answer questioning Hillary Clinton's record on Benghazi. For someone said to be a shaky politician, it was quite smooth. But his answer on Syria was not so well-crafted.
Surprisingly it was Ted Cruz, the famed debater, who delivered one of the notable gaffes of the night. Promising to name five federal departments he'd eliminate, he named only four—ticking off the Commerce Department twice, in an echo of fellow Texan Rick Perry's infamous “oops” moment in 2012. Since Cruz has no reputation as a flake, however, it won't likely be as damaging.
Paul remains a confusing performer—sometimes, as on Syria, very sharp and crisp; other times, as when he focuses on the Federal Reserve, a little more confusing. But he also landed one of the best blows of the night. After Trump mounted his soap box to complain about how China was robbing the U.S. blind in the Trans-Pacific Partnership, Paul wryly turned to the moderators, drawling: “Hey, Gerard, we might want to point out China's not a part of this deal.” That wasn't Trump's only bad moment of the night. Though Kasich interrupted constantly, Trump lashed out only when Fiorina did the same, unwise for a man already accused of misogyny.
Kasich himself was perhaps the standout star of the night. Unlike at the CNBC debate, where he came out guns blazing and then quickly faded, Kasich was able to dominate the clock, repeatedly jumping in and asserting himself. Forty minutes in, he was clearly dominating. But his eclectic and moderate stances still seem like a tough sell.
What about Carly Fiorina? Somehow, she hasn't shown the same magic she did in the first two debates. Once again, she was polished on Tuesday. In several cases, though, she seemed unready to go off her talking points. The first question she faced asked why Democratic presidents have recently had better job creation than Republicans, and she didn't answer it. She also offered an unsatisfying explanation for how she'd replace Obamacare.
And then, finally, there's Jeb Bush. The one-time frontrunner has continued to struggle. (His chance to speak was even the subject of on-stage jokes—never a good sign.) He desperately needed a stronger performance—and he got it. The good news for Miami is that Bush was much better than he's been in the previous debates. The bad news for Miami is that he still isn't great. Bush continues to stick to his canard about delivering 4 percent growth. As the night went on, he seemed to lose steam, and increasingly delivered meandering, confusing answers; somehow, his discussion of the Middle East ended up with a line about the American economy. Late in the night, he was also forced by Baker to sheepishly back away from his guarantee that he could prevent a financial crisis. This debate may have slowed Bush's tumble, and it might even be enough for his campaign to claim that he's rounded the bend and is on the rebound. Still, if this is the new Jeb, the new Jeb still isn't going to be able to win the Republican nomination. —David Graham
MUSKEGON, MI - Julia Charlene Merfeld is "wonderful" and "godly," said the husband she tried to have murdered less than four months ago.
For the first time publicly, intended murder victim Jacob "Jake" Merfeld, 27, of Muskegon spoke out Tuesday, July 30, about his 21-year-old wife. In court at her sentencing for solicitation to murder him, he asked for a light sentence.
"I know that my wife is a wonderful person," Jake Merfeld said to the sentencing judge. "She is a godly woman."
The couple has two children ages 4 and 2, and "she has been nothing but a great mother to them," he said, asking that her sentence be light so their children wouldn't be deprived of their mother.
Julia "J.C." Merfeld also gave her first public statement, tearfully expressing remorse for her actions and asking for a light sentence.
"I know that what I did was wrong, and I take full responsibility for it," she told the judge. "My tears are not for pity ... my tears are for remorse."
RELATED: MLive's live coverage of Julia Merfeld's sentencing
After their statements and what amounted to a rebuttal by Muskegon County Prosecutor D.J. Hilson, Chief Muskegon County 14th Circuit Judge William C. Marietti kept close to the minimum-sentencing cap he committed to at the time of Julia Merfeld's guilty plea last month.
Marietti ordered her to serve a prison term of at least five years and eight months but no more than 20 years, with credit for 111 days she's already spent in the Muskegon County Jail. It will be up to the state parole board to eventually decide whether she gets out after the minimum or stays in prison longer, up to the 20-year maximum.
Marietti had committed to cap her minimum sentence at six years. That was about a year below the top end of state sentencing guidelines for the minimum sentence.
At that time, June 27, Marietti said he would have capped the minimum higher, but for the intended victim's request that his wife serve no jail or prison time at all.
Merfeld was caught on video in the act of what she believed was hiring a killer. The "hit man" was actually an undercover Michigan State Police detective. She promised to pay him $50,000 from her husband's life insurance proceeds and gave him a $100 down payment.
The secretly recorded conversations took place April 9 and 10, 2013, in the detective's vehicle parked outside the Harvey Street Meijer store in Fruitport Township. Merfeld was arrested soon after the second meeting and has been lodged in the Muskegon County Jail ever since.
Authorities said she admitted her motive was to collect on her husband's $400,000 life insurance policy.
On the video, released publicly by the Muskegon County Prosecutor's Office after her guilty plea, she said she wanted her husband killed because "it was easier than divorcing him. ... I didn't have to worry about the judgment of my family, I didn't have to worry about breaking his heart, all that stuff like this. It's, like, how I got a clean getaway."
After both husband and wife spoke, Hilson said Julia Merfeld deserves prison time for her actions and her callousness.
"Certainly we have to look at the actions that got us here today ... how cold she was when talking to the undercover officer, as if she was ordering groceries or ordering something off the menu," Hilson said.
Most important, he said, was "the chilling effect of how she talked about how she wanted her husband, the father of her children ... to die."
"I wonder how remorseful she would be if the (murder) had been carried out, if she had gotten the $400,000," Hilson said.
The dramatic high point of the sentencing was the statement of Jake Merfeld, who has declined to be interviewed outside court.
God and forgiveness were his major themes.
"I would like to say I start this off by (saying I) wholeheartedly forgive my wife for all she has done in this act of hatred," Jake Merfeld said.
"I know that this is a crime that is on the top of the list of the most, I guess, evil, non-godly things you could probably do," he said. "But I know my wife, I've been with her for four years, known her for five, and I know she is a godly person. After talking to her, she is very repentive of the sins she has committed."
Addressing the judge, Jake Merfeld said, "I don't know what kind of godly man you are, I won't ask, it's your opinion, but if you could look in your heart today and have mercy on my wife ... I just ask in God's name that you would just show mercy."
Julia Merfeld, after expressing remorse, said she knew she deserved punishment but asked for a "lighter" sentence. She said she was glad the crime she attempted was not carried out. "I would rather be incarcerated for however long you deem, knowing that my husband is alive and well," she said.
"Fortunately the two people who matter the most have already forgiven me ... my husband ... and God. Honestly they're the only two people who matter," she said.
Before the couple spoke, Julia Merfeld's public defender, Joseph A. Fisher, asked the judge to change her listed religion in the pre-sentence report from "Protestant" to "Baptist." Julia Merfeld then turned her head, smiled and winked at her family in the audience.
Jake Merfeld sat with his wife's parents, Joe and Christina Antonaccio of Keyport, N.J. That's where the Merfelds used to live before moving to Muskegon.
"The court doesn't have the power to forgive," Marietti said before pronouncing the prison sentence. "We're not here to forgive or not to forgive."
Email John Hausman at jhausman@mlive.com or follow him on Twitter at @johnshausman
Macroeconomic model builders have finally realized what Henry Hazlitt and John T. Flynn (among others) knew in the 1930s: FDR's New Deal made the Great Depression longer and deeper. It is a myth that Franklin D. Roosevelt "got us out of the Depression" and "saved capitalism from itself," as generations of Americans have been taught by the state's educational establishment.
This realization on the part of macroeconomists comes in the form of an article in the August 2004 Journal of Political Economy entitled "New Deal Policies and the Persistence of the Great Depression: A General Equilibrium Analysis," by UCLA economists Harold L. Cole and Lee E. Ohanian. This is a big deal, since the JPE is arguably the top academic economics journal in the world.
"Real gross domestic product per adult, which was 39 percent below trend at the trough of the Depression in 1933, remained 27 percent below trend in 1939," the authors write. And "Similarly, private hours worked were 27 percent below trend in 1933 and remained 21 percent below trend in 1939."
This should be no surprise to anyone who has studied the reality of the Great Depression, for U.S. Census Bureau statistics show that the official unemployment rate was still 17.2 percent in 1939 despite seven years of "economic salvation" at the hands of the Roosevelt administration (the normal, pre-Depression unemployment rate was about 3 percent). Per capita GDP was lower in 1939 than in 1929 ($847 vs. $857), as were personal consumption expenditures ($67.6 billion vs. $78.9 billion), according to Census Bureau data. Net private investment was minus $3.1 billion from 1930–40.
Cole and Ohanian write as though they were surprised—even shocked—to discover these facts, not so much because they were bamboozled by The Myth of the New Deal, but because of their devotion to "neoclassical model building" as opposed to the study of economic reality. They label as "striking" the fact that the recovery from the Great Depression was "very weak" (a dramatic understatement). And why is it so striking? Because "[t]hese data contrast sharply with neoclassical theory . . ."
The neoclassical theory of depressions might well be thought of as a Frankenstein Monster theory. As explained by Cole and Ohanian, "The weak recovery is puzzling because the large negative shocks that some economists believe caused the 1929–33 downturn—including monetary shocks, productivity shocks, and banking shocks—become positive after 1933." Thus, according to neoclassical theory, the economy during a depression is somewhat like a prostrate Frankenstein monster, with economists playing the role of mad scientists who "shock" the beast into becoming a living being once again. They do this with various "injections" of government spending or easy credit that will supposedly cause a "roaring" recovery (just as the rejuvenated beast roared as he left the laboratory to terrorize the townsfolk in the movie, "Young Frankenstein").
"The monetary base increases more than 100 percent between 1933 and 1939," the authors write, making the case that such a "monetary shock" should have returned the economy to normalcy. They invoke the authority of well-known macroeconomists Robert Lucas and Leonard Rapping, who once proclaimed that "positive monetary shocks should have produced a strong recovery, with employment returning to its normal levels by 1936."
But as Murray Rothbard showed in America's Great Depression, it was the easy money policies of the early and mid 1920s that created all the malinvestment that was the trigger for the Great Depression. The only wise thing to have done was to allow the liquidation of hundreds of overcapitalized businesses to occur. Instead, the Fed increased the monetary base by 100 percent in five years, causing more of the same overcapitalization problems that were the source of the problem in the first place.
On top of that, virtually every single one of FDR's "New Deal" policies made things even worse and prolonged the Depression. Austrian economists have known this for decades, but at least the neoclassical model builders have finally caught on—we can hope.
Cole and Ohanian apparently emerged from the rarified world of macroeconomic model building for a long enough period of time to discover that the so-called First New Deal (1933–34) was one giant cartel scheme, whereby the government attempted to enforce cartel pricing and output reductions in hundreds of industries and in agriculture. This of course was well documented in John T. Flynn's book, The Roosevelt Myth, first published in 1948. Henry Hazlitt had also written about it some fifteen years earlier. "New Deal cartelization policies are a key factor behind the weak recovery, accounting for about 60 percent of the difference between actual output and trend output," the authors write.
The fact that it has taken "mainstream" neoclassical economists so long to recognize this fact is truly astounding. For generations their own neoclassical textbooks have taught that cartels "restrict output" to raise prices. It has also been no secret that the heart and soul of the First New Deal was to use the coercive powers of government to prop up wages and prices by cartelizing the entire economy.
FDR and his advisors mistakenly believed that the Depression was caused by low prices, therefore, high prices—enforced by threats of violence, coercion and intimidation by the state—would be the "solution." Moreover, it is hardly a secret that if less production takes place, fewer workers will be needed by employers and unemployment will subsequently be higher. Thus, the First New Deal could not possibly have been anything but a gigantic unemployment-producing scheme according to standard neoclassical economic theory.
FDR's tripling of taxes, his regulation of business, and his relentless anti-business propaganda also contributed to a worsening of the Great Depression, but his labor policies were probably the most harmful to the employment prospects of American workers. In this regard the most disappointing thing about the Cole-Ohanian article is that they do not even cite the pioneering work of Richard Vedder and Lowell Gallaway—Out of Work: Unemployment and Government in Twentieth Century America —first published in 1993.
Indeed, it is somewhat scandalous that they do not cite this well-known work while making essentially the same arguments that Vedder and Gallaway do. They recite many of the same facts about labor policy: The NIRA codes established minimum wages for less-skilled and higher-skilled workers alike; employers were told that they must bargain collectively with unions, which were given myriad legislated advantages in the bargaining process, all enforced by the newly-created National Labor Relations Board. All of these policies made labor more expensive. Consequently, as the economic law of demand informs us, the inevitable result had to be less employment.
Strike activity doubled from 14 million strike days in 1936 to 28 million a year later, and wages rose by about 15 percent in 1937 alone. The union/nonunion wage differential increased from 5 percent in 1933 to 23 percent by 1940. Newly-enacted Social Security payroll and unemployment insurance taxes made employment even more expensive. What all of this means is that during a period of weak or declining derived demand for labor, government policy pushed up the price of labor very significantly, causing employers to purchase less and less of it.
Vedder and Gallaway conducted an econometric evaluation of these labor cost-increasing policies and concluded that most of the abnormal unemployment of the 1930s would have been avoided were it not for these policies. They estimated that by 1940 the unemployment rate was eight percentage points higher than it would have been without the legislation-induced growth of unionism and government-mandated employment costs. They conclude that "The Great Depression was very significantly prolonged in both its duration and its magnitude by the impact of New Deal programs" (p. 141).
Cole and Ohanian reach the exact same conclusions, but express them in the somewhat convoluted language of the "top economic journals": "New Deal labor and industrial policies did not lift the economy out of the Depression . . . . Instead, the joint policies of increasing labor's bargaining power and linking collusion with paying high wages prevented a normal recovery by creating rents and an inefficient insider-outsider friction that raised wages significantly and restricted employment . . . . the abandonment of these policies coincided with the strong economic recovery of the 1940s."
This last conclusion—that the abandonment of FDR's policies "coincided" with the recovery of the 1940s is very well documented by another author who is also ignored by Cole and Ohanian, Robert Higgs. In "Regime Uncertainty: Why the Great Depression Lasted So Long and Why Prosperity Resumed after the War" (Independent Review, Spring 1997), Higgs showed that it was the relative neutering of New Deal policies, along with a reduction (in absolute dollars) of the federal budget from $98.4 billion in 1945 to $33 billion in 1948, that brought forth the economic recovery. Private-sector production increased by almost one-third in 1946 alone, as private capital investment increased for the first time in eighteen years.
In short, it was capitalism that finally ended the Great Depression, not FDR's hair-brained cartel, wage-increasing, unionizing, and welfare state expanding policies. It's good to see that the Journal of Political Economy, the University of Chicago, and UCLA are finally beginning to catch up to the libertarian scholarship of Richard Vedder, Lowell Gallaway, Robert Higgs, Jim Powell (author of FDR's Folly) and such predecessors of theirs as Henry Hazlitt, John T. Flynn, Murray Rothbard, F.A. Hayek, William H. Hutt, Benjamin Anderson, and others associated with the Austrian School.
Better late than never.
For the second season in a row, Broncos fans have been clamoring to see Paxton Lynch; the first-round pick out of Memphis looked like the only quarterback on the roster that appeared to have a chance to blossom into the franchise player that the Broncos desperately need in today's NFL.
It hasn't turned out that way, and it may never will. That's in part because there's no indication that first-year head coach Vance Joseph is empowered to make any decisions regarding the most important position in sport.
When Joseph — a former quarterback himself at the University of Colorado — took to the Dove Valley podium the day before training camp began, it was obvious that the Broncos wanted Lynch to claim the job. Curiously, they didn't make him earn it. Trevor Siemian, last year's starter and the player clearly more capable in the role at that time, wasn't named the starter by Joseph, denying Lynch a firm target to shoot for.
The resulting month saw the Broncos spin themselves in circles, waiting for one of their underwhelming quarterbacks to make the role their own, and they added former ‘quarterback of the future' Brock Osweiler into the all-too-bland mix after his release from the Browns allowed the Broncos to scoop him up on the cheap.
By the end of the preseason, the Broncos' best quarterback appeared to be undrafted rookie free agent Kyle Sloter. Of course, the notion of thrusting into a significant role in front of pedigreed signal-callers like Lynch and Osweiler seemed ludicrous, and the Broncos released the Northern Colorado product to the delight of the Minnesota Vikings, who immediately claimed him.
More than any single factor, the Broncos' season was doomed by poor quarterback play — and the truth is, they were doomed from the beginning.
Siemian has thrown the most passes this season (349), but his 59.0 completion percentage was subpar by today's NFL standards, and his atrocious 12-to-14 touchdown-to-interception ratio ended up taking the Broncos out of otherwise winnable games with alarming regularity. Siemian, who was injured in Thursday's victory over Indianapolis, has thrown his final pass of the season after being placed on injured reserve Monday, but at least he's overachieved — in comparison to his seventh-round draft selection, at least, where even making the team is unlikely.
Lynch,an elite athlete, suffered through multiple injuries over the course of the season that undoubtedly hampered his development. But even when he was healthy, it was obvious that he was the least capable of the four quarterbacks in training camp, and in his limited time in the regular season, he only looked comfortable throwing dump-off passes and running like a taller Tim Tebow. The Broncos' coaching staff constantly spoke of ‘simplifying' the playbook for Lynch whenever he was mentioned; a constant refrain that lends credence to reports and scuttlebutt that indicate that the complexity of the NFL game might simply be too much for the free-wheeling Lynch. Now, healthy once more, Lynch may serve as the backup for the season's final two games — or he might start, which would speak volumes.
In Thursday's win, Osweiler looked like the best quarterback the Broncos have played all season — and he's the only one that has more touchdown passes than interceptions, albeit not by much (five TDs, four INTs). After rallying the Broncos and leading them to a comeback victory, it was rightly assumed that he'd start for the remainder of the season. That assumption, however, may be incorrect.
Joseph has made it clear that ‘tanking' for draft position or ‘going young' to prepare young players for the 2018 campaign isn't the priority — winning is. For Joseph, at least, whose job status was still in the air until the Broncos' modest two-game winning streak materialized, that makes perfect sense. Yet on Monday, Joseph said the Lynch was healthy enough to play… in some capacity. He didn't close the door on the notion that Lynch would somehow start.
Joseph, as a former quarterback, has to know what he's seeing from each of his three charges. He has to know that none of the three looks like a future All-Pro. He has to know that Osweiler, given his impending free agency and likely price tag, doesn't make sense for the Broncos as a backup next season. Given the situation with Osweiler's play and Lynch's health, it's an easy call if Joseph's mandate to win now is accurate. But once again, Joseph and the Broncos refused to name a starter when Lynch is involved — and again, avoiding setting the bar that they would require he clear in order to take the role.
In the end, there are two ways to interpret Joseph's peculiar and seemingly tone-deaf handling of the Broncos' quarterback situation: 1) Joseph, despite his own playing background at the position, is in totally over his head when it comes to observing and evaluating quarterbacks, or 2) It's not his call.
John Elway, general manager and grand poobah of all things Broncos, has selected two ‘quarterbacks of the future' already — and missed twice. His reputation is at stake, as well. Elway hired Joseph to be a “CEO-type” head coach; a person who could delegate and then remain somewhat hands-off in his approach. Joseph, naturally, gets his marching orders from Elway.
In the end, Joseph's job is safe; the Broncos have showed enough in the last two weeks to avoid messing with the chemistry after so much coaching turnover in recent seasons. But it's also fair to say that no one knows what Joseph might handle a ‘franchise' quarterback, and all the decisions that come with that — because doesn't appear that he's been asked to.
As the Broncos play out this string of games before committing, once again, to finding the signal-caller of the future, it's entirely possible that the team may enter next summer's camp in a similar situation: they don't know what they don't know; either about their drafted quarterbacks… or their hand-picked coach.
Brian Cookson has been elected as the new president of the UCI. At the UCI's annual Congress today in Florence, the British candidate received the majority of votes from the 42 authorized delegates. He defeated incumbent Pat McQuaid, who has served as UCI president since 2006. Related Articles Dossier one of many reasons behind USA Cycling's support of Cookson
McQuaid says he will walk away if defeated in UCI presidential election
Cookson confident of a majority vote for UCI president
Makarov: "It would be devastating if McQuaid was re-elected"
St. Lucia federation accuses Cookson campaign of subversive election tactics
McQuaid sportingly accepts defeat in UCI election
Cookson beat his rival by 24 votes to 18 in the final run off.
"It's a huge honour to be voted president and I thank you for your trust. The real work starts now. I call on the global community to unite so that the sport lives up to its potential. We must have a new style of government and a collegiate system. My first act as president is to ensure anti-doping is fully independent and to sit down with WADA," Cookson said.
"It is a huge honour to have been elected President of the UCI by my peers and I would like to thank them for the trust they have placed in me today."
"The campaign to get to this point has been intense but I am under no illusion that the real work starts now. So I call on the global cycling community to unite and come together to help ensure that our great sport realises its enormous potential. This is the vision that will drive and focus my activities over the next four years.
“I have said throughout my campaign that we must embrace a new style of governance and a collegiate way of working so that a new era of growth and commercial success for the UCI and our sport can begin."
The early part of the Congress had been dominated by discussion over the validity of McQuaid's nomination. Having lost support from both the Irish and Swiss federations he was reliant on the backing from Asia. After much deliberation Cookson took to the floor and demanded that the vote go forward between the two candidates, stating, "We've had enough of this".
Cookson announced his candidacy in early June, saying, “I am not doing this lightly as I know how much needs to be done.” He based his campaign on two issues, anti-doping and an investigation of alleged corruption within the UCI. It was a brutal campaign at times, with both sides attacking one another on various issues.
Leaves British Cycling
The news of Cookson's victory was quickly followed a press release confirming that Cookson had stepped down as the President of British Cycling, a role he had occupied since 1997.
“I am sorry to leave an organisation which I have seen make extraordinary progress over the last 16 years, but I am absolutely thrilled to be given the opportunity to bring about the changes that cycling needs worldwide.
“I know that I am moving on from British Cycling with the organisation in fantastic shape, and I am already looking forward to the challenges ahead as President of the UCI.”
Message to the UCI
Cookson wasted no time in contacting the UCI staff either. In an email sent in within an hour of the final election vote, Cookson said:
"I am writing to you shortly after my election as UCI President. As someone who has given my life to cycling, I am thrilled to have won. The campaign has been hard-fought and, if that has been particularly difficult for some of you, then that is to be regretted. I endeavoured at all times to make it an election in which the issues which cycling must confront were properly debated.
I believed that it was a battle which had to be fought, not least because there are some exceptional people working at the UCI. Unfortunately and too often, the good work has been overshadowed by controversies and unnecessary conflict.
However, right now is the best time to be involved in cycling. There are new opportunities and new markets opening up to the sport all the time - we just need to grasp them.
There is enormous potential in the sport and, I firmly believe, enormous potential within the walls of the UCI.
I look forward to working with you soon."
“HIC SUNT DRACONES.”
This phrase translates from the Latin as “here are dragons.” It is etched on the eastern coast of Asia on one of the oldest terrestrial globe maps, the Lenox Globe, dating to 1510. Though the phrase itself is found on only one other historical artifact—a 1504 globe crafted on an ostrich egg—depictions of monsters and mythological beasts are common on early maps. They mostly crop up in unexplored reaches of the oceans, warning would-be explorers of the perils of these unknown territories.
One of the most famous of these maps is Olaus Magnus' Carta Marina, drawn between 1527and 1539. Magnus (1490-1557) was the Catholic archbishop of Sweden and a prominent historian. His travels brought him farther north than any of his contemporary European intellectuals, lending a great deal of perceived credibility to his accounts and publications. Carta Marina is a detailed map of Scandinavia—one of the oldest ever created—and it depicts the Norwegian Sea so teaming with monsters that it would seem impossible to escape these waters uneaten. In 1555, Magnus published Historia de Gentibus Septentrionalibus (“A Description of the Northern Peoples”), which not only related the history, customs, and beliefs of the Scandinavian people, but also reprinted and described the creatures found on Carta Marina. His standing and reputation secured the widespread acceptance of his stories.
Magnus' descriptions and drawings were copied repeatedly, with little to no modification, for centuries by such historical titans as Edward Topsell, Ulisse Aldrovandi, John Jonstonus and Conrad Gessner, whose Historia Animalium, replete with Magnus' drawings, is the first modern zoological work attempting to describe all known animals. Such repurposing ensured that these creatures were ingrained in the public mind as truth. And over the centuries, many new monsters were added to the mix.
Where did the accounts of monsters come from in the first place? Were they simply fairy tales invented to scare curious minds and small children? Henry Lee, who wrote extensively on sea creatures and monsters, emphasized that many classical monsters are not simply pure myth. In his publication Sea Fables Explained (1883), he wrote, “… the descriptions by ancient writers of so-called ‘fabulous creatures' are rather distorted portraits than invented falsehoods, and there is hardly any of the monsters of old which has not its prototype in Nature at the present day.”
These “distorted portraits” came about in part because by the 1500s extensive oceanic exploration was still limited, and the fauna that called these places home remained virtually unknown. Publications by Magnus and those who copied him represented some of the first attempts to systematically aggregate and describe these animals. More often than not, their information came not from first-hand observations but from sailors' accounts of mysterious encounters while at sea. Less often, the decomposing remains of a washed-up carcass fueled confidence in the existence of these terrible beasts.
Sailors, or beachgoers who had the misfortune to stumble upon a rotting basking shark, had no experience with such creatures. So they explained them with what they knew well: myths and legends. If they enlivened their accounts, that simply made for a better story. And so an oarfish became a 200-foot-long sea serpent. A giant squid became a blood-thirsty kraken. A manatee became a mermaid. Magnus and others like him gobbled up the stories and published them alongside authentic species. The more the stories were circulated and published, the more likely people were to mistake what they did see for a monster. And the cycle continued.
The atmosphere of the day also fed people's willingness to believe such tales. The 1500s were rampant with superstition. The Scientific Revolution would not start to make headway until later in the 17th century. There was no division between magic and reality—the two simply coexisted, so there was no reason to doubt mythical beasts. And even when scientists began to embrace the scientific method, they still struggled to reconcile previous beliefs in the supernatural with science. It would take hundreds of years of dedicated scientific study and exploration to overturn classical and common opinion. In the case of some creatures (i.e., sea serpents), sightings and questions of authenticity still remain.
Today we know that the animals that inspired such hair-raising tales as the sea serpent, leviathans and hydra and authenticated stories of mermaids and the kraken are real. They just received some creative embellishments (and sometimes blatant artistic fraudulence) along the way. And in a world just beginning to turn away from superstition, but still inclined to embrace elements of mysticism, it's not surprising that the tales were accepted. Besides, who doesn't love a good monster story?
Follow the Biodiversity Heritage Library blog and #bhlMonstersRreal on Twitter all week to get the scoop on the people, books and animals that inspired some of history's most legendary monsters—including the full stories behind these five incredible beasts:
Customers were threatened by a man holding a knife at a Kitchener McDonald's restaurant Monday evening, police say.
Police were called to the restaurant at 8:20 p.m. after a man and a woman entered the restaurant. The man was holding a knife while threatening customers, then the two fled the area before police arrived.
Police released this photo of a man who allegedly threatened customers at a Kitchener McDonald's with a knife Monday night. (WRPS) The man is described as white, in his mid 20s, five-foot-eight with a thin build. He had short or shaved hair and appeared to have stretched earlobe piercings. He was wearing dark jeans, a DC hooded sweatshirt, a grey coat and black sneakers.
The female is described as white, in her late teens or early 20s, with straight, dark hair. She was wearing a black hooded sweater and black tights.
Police released a photo of the male suspect and have asked anyone who knows the identity of either of the two people or who may have details about the case to contact authorities.
PASADENA, CA­—More than one year into the automated motor vehicle's exploration of Mars' arid Gale Crater, NASA scientists confirmed Friday that the delirious, weakened Curiosity rover is currently hallucinating that it has discovered water on the Red Planet. “Earlier this morning, mission control received an enthusiastic transmission from Curiosity indicating that it had detected a significant volume of cold, clear, crystal-blue water capable of supporting life,” said project scientist Ashwin Vasavada, adding that the demented rover then made a beeline for what its strained, dust-clogged sensors determined to be a sparkling desert oasis encircled in waving palm fronds. “While we remain skeptical that Curiosity has in fact come across a plentiful source of water that we somehow overlooked for several decades, the rover appears convinced that it has unearthed the building blocks of life on Mars, as evidenced by the large quantities of the supposed ‘water' it has so far shoveled into its spectrometer.” At press time, Vasavada confirmed that Curiosity had also apparently discovered an alluring, seductive lady rover.
Advertisement
Hifter visited Moscow to meet with Russian Foreign Affairs Minister Sergey Lavrov, seeking a potential arms deal. In return, rumor has it that Moscow would receive permission to build a military base in Libya, granting it greater leverage to exert political influence on the country. A deal would also likely be a game changer for Hifter, who seeks to take back the country from Islamist militants. Moscow thus far has denied allegations of going forward with any deal.
Libya has been split into two rival governments: one based in Tripoli and the other based in the eastern city of Tobruk. The government in Tripoli is backed by the United Nations, while the government in Tobruk supports Hifter. In December 2015, a unity government, called the Government of National Accord (GNA) was founded. The GNA is the latest political solution promoted by the UN to end the civil war which began in 2014.
Many believe Hifter aspires to be a leader that can unite Libya, as his Libyan National Army (LNA) clears out Islamists in cities such as Benghazi. Others dislike Hifter, due to his military experience under longtime dictator Moammar Gadhafi - some see him as a remnant of the old regime. Gadhafi was killed in a NATO-led intervention in 2011.
Hifter enjoys the power he holds and is unlikely to relinquish any of his political leverage as head of the LNA for a position in the GNA. He's emboldened by his military victories against the Islamists in cities like Benghazi and does not want to merge his Libyan National Army with the new unity government in Tripoli.
However, Hifter's army is not the only force that seeks to fight against the Islamists in Libya. On Tuesday, the so-called "Islamic State" (IS) was driven out of their last stronghold in the country, the coastal city of Sirte, by militias aligned with the GNA. This is a major blow to IS in Libya. The militant group had controlled Sirte since early 2015.
Russian strategy
Mattia Toaldo, a Libya expert and Senior Policy Fellow at the European Council on Foreign Relations in London, sees Libya as part of a greater Middle East strategy on behalf of the Kremlin. President Vladimir Putin seeks to improve his country's stake in Libya as a means to bolster alliances with other Arab countries such as Egypt, which is led by President Abdel Fatah El-Sissi.
Putin and his fledgling ally, Egyptian president Abdel Fattah El-Sisi.
"Libya is important first of all as a 'proof of friendship' from Putin to Sissi," Toaldo told DW. "Libya is important for Sissi, Sissi is important for Putin and therefore Putin will do what he can to strengthen Sissi's hand in Libya. This means supporting Hifter while paying lip service to UN resolutions."
It's clear why Putin would like Hifter in the same way he supports El-Sissi. The Egyptian leader and Hifter both come from military backgrounds, and show a disdain for proponents of political Islam such as the Muslim Brotherhood.
Although there are no confirmed reports that Russia is going to go through with a deal, Toaldo agrees with the notion that a Russian military base in Libya could help cement Moscow's power in the Middle East.
"Russia could get a foothold in Libya that could be helpful in strengthening its overall position in the Mediterranean," he said. "There is increasing talk of a Russian base or even just docking rights in Benghazi. Coupled with Syria and in view of the rising ties with Egypt, this would allow Russia to have a much stronger position in this part of the world."
Putin with deposed Libyan dictator Moammar Gadhafi - Russia and Libya have traditionally had strong political relations
The UN proposed an arms embargo on Libya in 2011, an obstacle that Russia would have to contend with if it wants to do business with Hifter.
Parallels with Syria
Russian support for Hifter draws parallels between Putin's intervention on behalf of President Bashar al-Assad's regime in Syria. Toaldo finds this comparison to be mostly fair: "Same logic, yes. A military strongman coming from an institution traditionally close to the USSR and then to Russia, fighting against Islamist terrorists as seen from Moscow. But I doubt that Putin will ever commit to Libya the same amount of forces he committed to Syria."
Russian support to Hifter would be mostly weapons sales. Syria, on the other hand, has seen the Russian air force bombing rebel positions in support of Assad for over a year now.
In any case, Russia hopes to expand its influence over a rapidly changing Middle East and become the region's dominant player.
macOS Sierra Patcher Tool for Unsupported Macs
*This utility is provided to anyone free of charge, however if you'd like to donate, you can do so here:
Questions or comments? Feel free to contact me at [email protected] Please take a look at the FAQ located at the bottom of this page as well.
Requirements:
-Early-2008 or newer Mac Pro, iMac, or MacBook Pro (MacPro 3,1 and 4,1, iMac 8,1 and 9,1, MacBook Pro 4,1, 5,1 5,2, 5,3, 5,4, and 5,5)
-Late-2008 or newer MacBook Air or Aluminum Unibody MacBook (MacBookAir 2,1, MacBook 5,1)
-Early-2009 or newer Mac Mini or white MacBook (Macmini 3,1, MacBook 5,2)
-Early-2008 or newer Xserve (Xserve 2,1)
Machines that ARE NOT supported:
- 2006-2007 Mac Pros, iMacs, MacBook Pros, and Mac Minis (MacPro 1,1 and 2,1, iMac 4,1, 5,1, 5,2, 6,1 and 7,1, MacBook Pro 1,1, 2,1, and 3,1, Macmini 1,1 and 2,1)
--
The 2007 iMac 7,1 is compatible if the CPU is upgraded to a Penryn-based Core 2 Duo, such as a T9300.
- 2006-2008 MacBooks (MacBook 1,1, 2,1 3,1 and 4,1)
- 2008 MacBook Air (MacBookAir 1,1)
-- Note: Make sure SIP is disabled on the system you intend to install Sierra on. If it's not or you're unsure, just boot into your Recovery partition of your currently installed copy of OS X, open Terminal, and run "csrutil disable". Please also note that SIP MUST remain disabled for as long as you run Sierra. You will be warned and prompted to re-disable it if it does somehow become enabled.
Things you'll need:
- A copy of the macOS Sierra Installer App. This can be obtained from the Mac App Store using a machine that supports Sierra, or can be found online.
- A USB drive that's at least 8 GB in size
- A copy of the tool - Download here (Current version: 4.2.7)
-- View changelog and download older versions here
Known issues:
- Unsupported WiFi modules in some systems. Macs that use the Broadcom BCM4321 WiFi module will not have functional WiFi when running Sierra. A fix for this is to open up your machine and install a compatible WiFi card. Machines affected include some MacPro3,1, MacBook5,2, MacBookPro4,1, iMac8,1, Macmini3,1, and MacBookAir2,1 systems. Please note that not all these machines will have an unsupported card, this is just a list of machines known to have shipped with that card in some configurations.
-- You can find out whether or not you have an unsupported card by opening System Profiler (About this Mac>System Report...), and clicking on WiFi under the Network section. If your card type reads (0x14E4, 0x8C), (0x14E4, 0x9D), (0x14E4, 0x87), (0x14E4, 0x88), (0x14E4, 0x8B), or (0x14E4, 0x90), then you do NOT have a compatible card. Any other combination, such as (0x14E4, 0x8D), is a supported card.
- Trackpad (MacBook5,2 affected only). The trackpad in the MacBook5,2 isn't fully supported in Sierra. While it works and is fully usable, Sierra detects it as just a standard mouse, preventing you from changing some trackpad-oriented settings.
How to use:
1. Insert your desired USB drive, open Disk Utility, and format it as macOS Extended (Journaled).
2. Open the "macOS Sierra Patcher" tool, and browse for your copy of the macOS Sierra Installer App.
*Ensure that the tool successfully verifies the app.
3. Next, select your USB drive in the Target Volume list, and click "Start Operation."
4. When the operation completes, boot your target unsupported Mac off the USB drive you just created.
Note: Only perform steps 5 and 6 if you intend to do a clean installation. Otherwise, you can simply skip these steps and install to your volume containg a previous version of OS X, and it'll do an in-place upgrade.
5. When the installer boots, open Disk Utility.
6. Select the disk or partition you want to install on, and erase it, ensuring to use macOS Extended (Journaled) as the filesystem type. If formatting an entire drive, ensure GUID is selected.
7. Install macOS normally onto the desired volume.
8. When the installation completes, reboot back onto the installer drive. This time, open the "macOS Post Install" application.
9. In the application, select the Mac model you are using. The optimal patches will be selected for you based on the model you select. You can also select other patches of your choosing.
10. Select the volume you have just installed macOS Sierra on, and click "Patch." When it finishes patching, click "Reboot". It may sit there for a few moments rebuilding caches before rebooting.
-- If for some reason the system fails to work correctly after rebooting, boot back into your installer drive, run the post install patch again, and select "Force Cache Rebuild" before rebooting. This isn't necessary under most circumstances.
11. When it reboots, it should now boot into a fully working copy of macOS Sierra.
Updates:
Updates are now patched using a new method installed with the post-install tool. However, if you do not have this patch applied, you can follow the method below to install it manually.
Night Shift:
On January 11, 2016 Gynnya McMillen, a 16 year old African-American girl from Shelbyville, KY being detained on misdemeanor assault charges was found dead in her holding cell at the Lincoln Village Regional Juvenile Detention Center in Elizabethtown, KY.
There is great reason to be skeptical to the cause of her death as it was later discovered through an investigation that McMillen was retrained by a staff member at the facility using a martial arts technique called an “Aikido Restraint” because she refused to remove her sweatshirt to be photographed and booked into the facility.
The “Aikido Restraint” is used by martial artists for grappling and joint-locking.
According to New York Daily News:
Gynnya McMillen, 16, was found “cold” and not breathing in her cell at Elizabethtown's Lincoln Village Juvenile Detention when a deputy arrived to take her to her Jan. 11 court date. Jail staffers first called 911 nine minutes after the deputy arrived — and waited another two to start CPR, according to emergency dispatch recordings obtained by CBS. The juvie staffers only started the resuscitation procedures after the emergency dispatcher asked. “They want us to start CPR,” a jail nurse is heard saying to someone at the facility. “Do y'all have a CPR protocol or do y'all need it?” the dispatcher asked about 10 seconds later “I'm new,” she said. “I can find out. I don't know.” The detention center originally said that the teen had died in her sleep, but recently told the Kentucky Center for Investigative Reporting that a restraint had been applied to her during an incident the day before.
Here are the recordings of the 911 call made from the facility:
An initial autopsy was conducted Jan. 12 by Hardin County Coroner William Lee Jr., who said he saw no “visual bruising, that could conclusively signal a cause of death.” He added that he doubted she had a heart condition, and that “the full results wouldn't be available for weeks, until after pathology tests were done.”
“Hawaii Five-0” fans of Daniel Dae Kim have had a tough time during this summer hiatus. With the news of his and Grace Park's departure last month, and the diversity conflict surrounding their contract negotiations, Read More
SHARE
ADVERTISING
“Hawaii Five-0” fans of Daniel Dae Kim have had a tough time during this summer hiatus. With the news of his and Grace Park's departure last month, and the diversity conflict surrounding their contract negotiations, fans have not known which side to take, or which side to believe. Still, as Friday, August 4 was Kim's birthday, they were very eager to discuss their favorite Chin Ho Kelly moment from his seven seasons on the show. Many fans just wanted to thank him and express their great sadness that he would not be returning for season eight.
Fans posted on the “Five-0 Redux” Facebook page their favorite Chin moments, and sent messages of good luck and well wishes for Kim as he moves on to new projects and his ABC television show, “The Good Doctor.” Still, saying aloha to Kim has not been easy, and fans have certainly wanted to send Chin off with a bigger celebration than what they have heard will merely be a mention in the series premiere come Sept. 29.
So perhaps this is a way fans can say mahalo and aloha ʻoe to one of their Five-0 favorites. Fans posted different reactions to both Kim and his character, sometimes after meeting the popular actor while vacationing in Hawaiʻi or after seeing him at a “Sunset on the Beach” event.
Angela Gerstner from Munich, Germany, who is known within the Five-0 fandom for her collages illustrating moments from the show, wrote about how Kim shared one of her collages focused on Kim and his character, Chin Ho Kelly. “If I could choose a favorite moment with Daniel, there would be two: The first one was when he shared one of my collages with pictures of him and got over 6,700 likes for it from fans. [It was] just nice to see that my work was appreciated by an actor and loved by his fans. My other favorite moment is getting one of his beautiful, friendly smiles when he got out of a van [on its way to the set] when I was on vacation in Hawaii. I stood there all alone on the sidewalk, and his smile brightened my day!” wrote Gerstner.
Jessica Ceres of California wrote, “I love how Daniel's character, Chin, kept true to his Hawaiian roots. He always kept Hawaiian traditions throughout the show as original and spot on as well as he could,” Ceres wrote. Kim's character was one of the few on the show who spoke Hawaiian periodically and, along with Kono (Park), was the team expert on Hawaiian culture and language. While McGarrett (Alex O'Loughlin) also understood and respected Hawaiʻi and its mother tongue, as a kamaʻāina, often deferred to Chin and Kono as the established part-Hawaiians of the Five-0 team.
Liza Marie from Baltimore, Maryland, wrote about how she “admired Daniel since “Lost” and was thrilled to see he was in ‘Hawaii Five-0.' It was one of the main reasons I started watching! I loved his character, Chin, [and his] relationship with his cousin, Kono. I loved the moments, both loving and heartbreaking, with Malia (Reiko Aylesworth, who played Chin's wife). And, as an Asian-American, it was awesome watching an Asian-American actor (along with Grace) in a non-stereotypical role. As sad as I am he will no longer be in ‘Hawaii Five-0' I know he will be just as successful in his new adventures and I will be there watching! Mahalo Daniel!”
Myles Yamamoto from Kaneohe, wrote, “I think the scenes that epitomize who Chin was would be his scenes with his niece (Sara Diaz, played by Londyn Silzer). In every scene you [can] see how much he loves her and would sacrifice everything for her. These scenes, especially the ones where Chin seeks to save her, show what an amazing actor Daniel is. Not much was said dialogue wise, but the way the scenes were played out and the emotion shown made those scenes some of the most memorable of all. I'm gonna miss Chin riding his bike and swooping in with his shotgun to save the day and take down the baddies,” wrote Yamamoto.
French fan, Odete Iboud, wrote, “What I liked most about Chin's character is his sense of family. [He's] always ready [to help] every member [and] he often forgot himself in this quest. I also liked his way of explaining Hawaiian traditions. [As a] European it was very enriching. And finally, I loved his relationship with little Sara. I regret his departure from the series, he will be missed a lot, but Daniel is a very good actor, and I will continue to follow his career. He is part of our Five-0 Ohana. I wish him much happiness and success in his future career and in his life.”
Amy DeCastro of Des Moines, Iowa, wrote, “I love the scene with Danny (Scott Caan) on the beach as he explains how he met Malia [in ‘Kānalua' (‘Doubt') from season three]. The raw emotion [on Chin's face] of her loss always makes me cry. I also love the one with him stuck in Halawa [Correctional Facility in ‘ʻŌlelo Hoʻopaʻi Make' (‘Death Penalty')] and working with Sang Min (Will Yun Lee) to survive,” wrote DeCastro.
Karen Dritto of Staten Island, NY also wrote about the scene between Chin and Danny from “Kānalua”. “My most favorite scene was when Danny went to comfort him on the beach and Chin told him the story of how he met Malia. I loved his scenes with Kono, he always let his guard down around her. There was nothing to not love about Chin. He was steadfast, loyal, strong, the voice of reason. His sense of family was also strong (so strong it got him kicked off HPD). He was Steve's link to his dad, he was Kono's mentor [and] rock. He was a warrior in the battle of getting rid of evil in his beloved home. He was a good friend to Steve, Danny, Lou (Chi McBride) and especially Jerry (Jorge Garcia). If it wasn't for Chin, Kamekona's (Taylor Wily) life would have had a different outcome. While I'm looking forward to new beginnings, I'm going to miss Chin and his calm, sweet, funny demeanor– and his love of big guns! I wish Daniel well and would love it if he'd come back for an episode or two,” wrote Dritto.
Susan Morrell of Park City, Utah wrote “Some of my favorite Chin Ho Kelly scenes were when he visited his dying Auntie (Mele played by Elizabeth Sung) and the ones that followed with his uncle (Keako played by Sab Shimono) as he tried to convince him not to turn himself in for stealing the money.” Morrell is referencing the season one conflict when Chin was accused of stealing $200,000 from the Asset Forfeiture Locker where HPD held evidence confiscated from drug busts and other high-level crimes. In “Ma Ke Kahakai” (“Shore”), Chin reveals to Kono that he lost his badge because he did not want to reveal that Uncle Keako actually stole the money in order to buy a black market kidney for Auntie Mele. Chin gave up his career to protect his family, and to keep all of the cases that Keako worked from being negated, as all of those criminals he helped to prosecute would be set free because of Keako's loss of credibility.
Majbrit Olsen, from Denmark, wrote, “[My] favorite Chin Ho Kelly episode was [“Hana Lokomaikaʻi” (“Favor”)]. The flashbacks [to] his father's murder, his relationship with Malia, Gabriel (Malia's brother, played by Christopher Sean), and with Kono and John McGarrett (William Sadler). [The] acting [between] Daniel and Robert Knepper (who played Internal Affairs Officer Rex Coughlin) was great. [I'm] really going to miss Daniel, and Chin and his big guns, and riding his bike– but wish him all the best,” wrote Olsen.
Helma Gerth-Koelman of The Netherlands, wrote, “I liked Chin Ho Kelly in the ohana scenes with Kono and little Sara. And also with the other team members– sometimes he needed to calmly lead the way! There were so many good scenes during the past years, [which] showed what a great actor and human being Daniel is. Wishing him all the best,” wrote Gerth-Koelman.
Tammy Hanse of Glasford, Illinois, wrote, “When I think of Chin, one of the instant memories I have was in season one, ‘Mālama Ka ʻĀina' (‘Respect the Land'). When Cousin Sid (Sidney S. Liufau) is about to be shot, you hear this gunshot blast and Sid flinches. The next thing we see is Chin holding his shotgun with a firm, determined look on his face. He protected his cousin even though he'd been disowned by his family. You knew then that no matter what he would protect his ohana and always be there,” wrote Hanse.
Many fans wrote about Chin's relationships with his niece, Sara, with Kono, with Malia, with Steve. Relationships were the most important memories fans shared. Yes, they remember his fighting ability, his motorcycle, his use of a “really big gun” in all of their tactical maneuvers, his love of motorcycles– but they also remember his kindness and his love of his friends, his family, and his Five-0 ʻohana. “My favorite Chin moments were his times with Sara. Chin was all about ohana, all the time, but we felt it most when he was with her. I will miss DDK greatly, wrote Illinois fan, Eileen Williams.
Still, out of all the memories fans shared, I think what resonated among all their messages, was the fact that after seven seasons, fans are still extremely sad about Kim's departure. After all the relationships Chin established, and how much we love Kim's character, we're not sure how to say goodbye to such a beloved member of the Five-0 team. And that makes saying aloha to Chin– and Daniel Dae Kim– incredibly bittersweet.
REDUX SIDE NOTE
“Hawaii Five-0” fans are very excited to learn that a few of their favorite guest stars from past seasons are returning to reprise their familiar roles. Executive producer Peter Lenkov posted an Instagram video teaser hinting of the return of Randy Couture as serial arsonist Jason Duclair. The last time we saw Duclair was in season six when he was badly wounded after saving Adam's (Ian Anthony Dale) life when their prison transport was hijacked by the Yakuza in “Ka pono kūʻokoʻa” (“The Cost of Freedom”).
Lenkov also confirmed via Twitter, that Chris Vance is back as British MI6 agent Harry Langford, after fans glimpsed Vance in behind the scenes pictures and videos from the set. Langford helped McG channel a bit of James Bond in the season seven episode “No ke aliʻi wahine a ka ʻāina” (“For Queen and Country”).
Fans also learned that Joey Lawrence will guest star in a two-episode arc. Lawrence is the older brother of Five-0 recurring cast member Andrew Lawrence, who plays HPD crime lab analyst Eric Russo. “Variety” reported that Joey will star as Aaron Wright, the brother of season four villain, Ian Wright (Nick Jonas). It seems as Aaron shares his late brother's talent for technology, as he will free a dangerous arsonist from prison using his computer. Seems as if Joey Lawrence's guest spot will coincide with Couture's return to “Hawaii Five-0”– or else, we have more than one fiery bad guy to deal with.
Wendie Burbridge is a published author, playwright, and teacher. Reach her via Facebook and follow her on Twitter and Instagram.
UPDATE: Roseville man admits kicking unconscious man after attack, racial slurs at Maplewood bar
Just after three African-Americans entered a Rice Street bar in Maplewood, a few patrons made racial slurs and then assaulted two of the three, according to criminal charges filed Friday. One man was kicked in the head as he lay unconscious on the ground.
One of the three, a 39-year-old woman, told police that shortly after they arrived at McCarron's Pub & Grill around midnight Thursday, patrons said “people had to leave because blacks had come into the bar,” according to the criminal complaint.
A white woman had “gone after” the 39-year-old, and a white man punched her in the face and kicked her, a witness reported.
Police found a bloodied 42-year-old man holding his head in the parking lot at 1986 Rice St. Paramedics took him to a hospital.
A bystander reported she met the assailant about 15 minutes earlier and he had introduced himself as “Greg Votel,” according to the complaint against Gregory Michael Votel Jr., 30. She said the group that included Votel “was aggressive and made racial comments” toward those assaulted, the complaint continued.
An altercation started, and the 42-year-old man went outside; Votel followed. The woman said Votel punched the man, “knocking him out cold.” Votel got into a vehicle but then got out and kicked the man in the head as he lay unconscious, the complaint continued.
Votel's mother told police that Votel and his girlfriend “had simply been defending themselves,” according to the complaint. “But she confirmed that (Votel) had kicked a downed person in his head.”
Police arrested Votel at a gas station near his Roseville apartment. He declined to talk to an investigator.
The Ramsey County attorney's office charged Votel with third-degree assault and two counts of fifth-degree assault. He is also charged with violating a no-contact order involving his girlfriend.
George Sonnen, the bar's owner, said Friday evening that he was not there when the assaults happened and “we're still gathering our information.” But he said he does not condone violence or “any form of racism” at his pub.
While Hillary Clinton's campaign shows how much she's come to embrace the new politics of the 21st century, the Bush family appears to be stubbornly stuck in the 90s. Or at least Jeb Bush and his father, George H.W. Bush are. The New York Times ran two pieces over the weekend that laid out exactly how out-of-touch the Bushes are with modern day conservatism, which is especially ironic when you consider how much the Bush family set the template for exploiting the rage issues of the fundamentalist, modernity-rejecting white populists to win elections. But the monkeys have taken over the zoo, and the Bushes simply don't know what to do.
Things are not looking good for the Jeb Bush campaign, which laid off workers and cut salaries this weekend to get a 40 percent reduction in payroll. The campaign, as campaigns will do, tried to spin this as a good thing, of course, but Bush let his rage at the voters for not just handing him the nomination by birthright slip out at a town hall in South Carolina.
Advertisement:
“I've got a lot of really cool things I could do other than sit around, being miserable, listening to people demonize me and me feeling compelled to demonize them," the New York Times reported Bush saying. "That is a joke. Elect Trump if you want that.”
Anyone who has rejected a come-on only to have your suitor sneer that he didn't want you anyway will recognize the behavior. It is, in a word, entitled. The problem is, as anyone who has watched the furor of the House Speakership can attest, not a year when conservatives aren't really feeling the whole entitled politicians thing. Way to feed your opponent's narrative about you, Jeb.
But this was no fluke, as this other New York Times piece about Jeb's father, George H.W. Bush, demonstrates. The elder Bush comes across as angry and perplexed that the electorate doesn't just hand his son the presidency already. But what is really amazing is this quote from John Sununu, who was chief of staff for Bush in the late 80s and early 90s.
“I have no feeling for the electorate anymore,” Sununu told the New York Times. “It is not responding the way it used to. Their priorities are so different that if I tried to analyze it I'd be making it up.”
The comment feels like a bit of historical revisionism, because the reality is that H.W. Bush does, in fact, know what gets the conservative base moving. Let us recall that the first Bush ran for President in 1980, only to lose to Ronald Reagan, who ran a campaign directly appealing to the religious right and people who were still embittered about desegregation.
Bush learned his lesson and would never let that happen again. After all, the Bush family were early and enthusiastic supporters of Planned Parenthood. Bush himself was such a family planning enthusiast that his nickname in Congress was "Rubbers". But he ended up declaring himself anti-abortion, collecting the evangelical vote in 1988. Similarly, his 1988 campaign was famously big on race-baiting, running the racially loaded "Willie Horton" ad against his Democratic opponent Michael Dukakis.
Advertisement:
And let's just note that George W. Bush knew all about how to reach out to white populist conservatives. The reality is that the Bush family knows exactly who the "electorate" is. They've been pandering to this crowd for votes for decades now. The only thing that's changed is that the people that they used to use for votes are now running the party. They are sick of being told to behave themselves and vote for the old guard Republicans, in hopes that they'll get a few anti-choice, anti-affirmative action judges on the bench. The division between the party leaders and the hoi polloi has been breaking down for years now, with rabid true believers winning office more and more often.
The wing nuts are the same people they've always been: Easily baited, moved more by culture war issues than dry policy discussion, and imagining themselves less than compromise-oriented politicians than as fierce warriors who are trying to hold back a tide of liberalism and modernity. The only difference now is they are running the show, and people like Jeb Bush are artifacts.
The Bushes have been using the wing nut base for decades, but perhaps they have never stopped for a moment to put themselves in the shoes of their followers. If they did, maybe they would see why conservative voters are so angry right now. In the early days of the 2012 primary, conservative voters showed a lot of enthusiasm for fringe candidates, just like they are doing now. But they sucked it up, did what the party elite told them, and nominated Mitt Romney, a pure establishment guy. And he lost anyway.
If you were them, it's easy to see how you might conclude that compromise is therefore not the solution and instead go with your gut to elect the demagogue candidate, Donald Trump, that reminds you of the loud-mouthed talk radio show hosts you loves so much. This is a wrong conclusion on the part of the base, as national elections are hard to win when you're only pandering to a small group of hardline conservatives. But they tried it the establishment way, so it's easy how they might think it's time for a change.
BANGOR, Maine — In what appears to be a sign of the times, the Maine Pulp and Paper Association has announced that it is disbanding effective immediately.
Conna Cassese, the association's chair, sent an email on Friday informing members that in the wake of ongoing mill closures, the 50-year-old trade organization no longer had enough support to continue its mission of representing the state's pulp and papermaking companies, according to an online post by Maine Environmental News.
“The need for a unified voice for the pulp and paper industry is as strong as ever and we are exploring several alternatives to meet this need,” she wrote.
Efforts to reach the association by telephone and email were not immediately successful Sunday.
In recent decades, the state's pulp and paper companies have been hit hard by increased automation and global changes in the industry as well as high energy costs and decreased demand.
Over the past decade, more than half of the state's paper mills have closed, leaving only eight in Jay, Skowhegan, Westbrook, Baileyville, Rumford, Madawaska, Auburn and Waterville, according to a report by RESTORE: The North Woods published before the most recent paper mill closure in Madison in May 2016.
The Madison paper mill shutdown made for five major closures in the previous three years, following shutdowns in East Millinocket, Lincoln, Old Town and Bucksport.
And even the decade-old total was down from the 25 paper mills that were operating in 1980.
More recently, Verso Corp.'s mill in Jay announced in November that it would lay off 190 workers in early 2017.
In a letter to the U.S. Department of Commerce, sent in March of last year, U.S. Sens. Susan Collins and Angus King called the situation “ an economic crisis of unprecedented magnitude,” echoing what they said they've heard from people in rural communities affected by the closures.
The Maine Pulp and Paper Association's website lists 21 members, most of which are companies that support the pulp and paper industry, such as energy, engineering, consulting and chemical concerns. Its members represent $113 million in tax money each year, according to its website, and support directly and indirectly 17,000 jobs.
These are R.E.G.R.E.T.'s website, Facebook page (Update: the page's content seems now to be hidden) and Twitter. This is the US Food & Drug Administration page that gives Gardasil information, which references 772 serious adverse events following administration of Gardasil, out of 23,000,000 doses administered. There is no requirement for proof that the adverse event be connected to Gardasil to be included.
Dr Brenda Corcoran, MB, MPH, FFPHMI, holds a diploma in leadership and quality in healthcare, and is a consultant in public health medicine responsible for the coordination of all national immunisation programmes. She is a member of the National Immunisation Advisory Committee.
Anna Cannon has claimed at various times that one in 30 or 1 in 40 girls who receive Gardasil experience 'very serious side effects' including 'long-term health impairments, hospitalisation long term, wheelchair for life, death, birth defects'. The US Food and Drug Administration's website says that 772 serious adverse events were reported out of 23m doses administered, a rate of 1 in 29,792. The FDA have confirmed to me that these are reported adverse events, and there is no certainty that they were caused by the vaccination. In addition the FDA pointed out that there is both under- and over-reporting. Nobody may bother to report some adverse events, and sometimes a patient or their family might report an adverse event to the FDA, and also to their doctor who then reports it to both the FDA and the drug company, and the drug company then also reports it to the FDA, and they have had incidences where a single event accounts for three separate reports.
Anna Cannon has claimed that the vaccine causes birth defects. I searched the scientific literature for any reference to this, and found this study which concluded "Rates of ... major birth defects were not greater than the unexposed [to the vaccine] population rates". I have asked Anna Cannon for her source on this. She has not responded.
Anna Cannon has claimed that the Gardasil product information leaflet is being hidden. In fact the US version is on the FDA website and the Irish version is on the Health Products Regulatory Authority website.
A post on the Regret Facebook page claims that this 'hidden' leaflet shows that Merck and the US Centres for Disease Control 'determined' that Gardasil 'kills' one in 912 girls who receive it. In fact, page seven of the US version of the document makes it clear that the deaths were attributable to the normal death rate in the population. Whoever compiled that figure would have to read through the paragraph stating that the deaths were as a result of car accidents, suicide and other causes unrelated to vaccination. An excellent analysis of the is posted here.
Another post was made on Regret's Facebook page, linking to a hoax story that a girl called Meredith Prohaska died as a result of getting the vaccine. The claim is debunked on Snopes here. When I posted the Snopes link without comment, I was subjected to hostile comments and banned from the page. The story is a transparent hoax, falsely implying that the girl died this year; in fact she died in 2014.
Update: I have talked to the FDA and asked them specifically about R.E.G.R.E.T.'s claims. In relation to Anna Cannon saying that one in 30 or one in 40 suffers severe side effects, Lyndsay Meyer of the FDA said "the agency is not aware of any data to support these claims".
In addition, Meyer said, "The FDA takes its responsibilities regarding vaccine safety very seriously ... Both the FDA and CDC are transparent with respect to VAERS reports. VAERS data is freely available to the public through CDC Wonder: https://wonder.cdc.gov/vaers.html."
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Comments
Forty-one million tweets - a global Twitter record. At its peak, it drove 48,000 tweets per minute.
It was not the latest trailer of Star Wars, which had just 2.4 million tweets. This was for something more cliched, but with wide mass appeal: An episode of a love story playing out on a TV variety show in the Philippines.
The love story, called AlDub, has been the highlight of a three-month-old skit on the variety show Eat Bulaga. It features a young woman - Yaya Dub - who plays a maid, and a wholesome lad - Alden - who falls for her.
The story is a mish-mash of Cinderella and Romeo And Juliet. The boy can be with the girl only after he completes "tasks", laid down by the maid's grandmotherly benefactor, to prove his undying love.
The two seldom meet. They are often seen on TV in split-screen view, confined to exchanging cheesy, hashtagged love notes scribbled on notepads.
MASS APPEAL They are redefining what it means to be a celebrity: Not snobbish, but kinder, more approachable, more sincere, and morally upright citizens. TV WRITER ELMER GATCHALIAN
It is those few moments when they are physically together - the against-all-odds moments - when viewership spikes.
A week ago, more than 50,000 filled a stadium north of Manila to see the two cuddle, wave and put on a show for three hours in a special episode of the variety show.
Millions of Filipinos in the country and overseas congregated around TVs or followed the drama on their phones and computers, tweeting in record numbers.
Sociologists and marketers are now poring over this pop culture phenomenon to find out what makes it tick.
Experts say AlDub has been a huge success because it resonates with Filipinos pining for a return to old-fashioned values as a counter-balance to the crass culture that has become pervasive online.
The loose plot is based on the now anachronistic Filipino tradition of "pamanhikan" - a long, supervised courtship - and all the virtues that go with it: Respect for elders, loyalty, fidelity and a well-earned reward for hard work.
Beyond the storyline, the two lead stars appeal to millions because they come off as believable bearers of the values their show represents, unlike many other celebrities, who are regarded as caricatures of excess and superficiality.
"They are redefining what it means to be a celebrity: Not snobbish, but kinder, more approachable, more sincere, and morally upright citizens," said TV writer Elmer Gatchalian.
Yaya Dub - played by 20-year-old Maine Mendoza - caught on with viewers when, in a moment of TV magic, her cheeks flushed a deep pink as she fluffed her lines, while Alden Richards, a 23-year-old singer she had a crush on, smiled and waved at her when they were on Eat Bulaga.
That was their Cinderella moment. It was the spontaneity of her reaction that drew people to her and sparked the idea for the love story.
"She is the most refreshing thing to happen (in the Philippines) in a long, long time…
"We are gifted with this… frank, confident, risk-taking spirit who really believes that life would be so much less complicated if people would just say what they feel," psychiatrist Maria Elemos wrote in the online news site Rappler.
Ms Mendoza's backstory has also been a point of interest.
She was a hotel trainee who became an Internet star with a series of short clips she posted on YouTube using a lip-syncing app called DubSmash. "It's the diamond-in-therough narrative," said sociologist Clifford Sorita.
The skit's format has also been tailored for new media. The segments are usually less than 10 minutes, so they can be posted easily on YouTube and Facebook.
For marketers, the stars' appeal is straightforward. McDonald's reported a 470 per cent rise in store sales after it rolled out the first commercial featuring the two.
Based on his experiences living in Europe and the “out-of-control” problems now being committed in the name of liberalism in California, model and actor Fabio warns Americans, “Don't ever give up your guns.”
He suggests liberals have divided people and are using the split to push their freedom-crushing agenda. He said, “The current division in the country only makes politicians stronger. When people are divided, the politicians can do whatever. When people are united, that's a dangerous thing.”
According to LifeZette, Fabio recalled arriving in America for the first time, saying, “It was like a beautiful dream. It was like paradise. I fell in love with this country.” But he has watched sweeping change occur under Democrats like Governor Jerry Brown, and he indicates that the change favors criminals while leaving police “demoralized.”
He said, “It's a disaster. It's an epidemic. I've been around the world. I've been to Africa. Everywhere. Downtown Los Angeles now looks like a third-world country.”
Fabio said LA is is full of “closed-off streets and sidewalks” and also has “out-of-control” crime and homeless problems. And he warned that things are going to get worse because of Proposition 57. Fabio said that proposition was ubiquitously promoted to save money by releasing “nonviolent” criminals from prison, but he says Prop. 57 has actually resulted in a reduction in sentences for “human trafficking involving sex with minors, assault with a deadly weapon, attempting to explode a bomb in a school or hospital, discharging a firearm on school guards, failing to register as a sex offender … the list goes on and on and on.”
Fabio said, “Just look at Europe and go the opposite way. It's as simple as that. Europe already jumped off the cliff. They are doomed.”
He added:
Don't you ever give up your guns. If people lose that right, forget about it. Politicians — they will take everything away from you. And then what are you going to do, protest with a rock? Because that's what they do in Europe.
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.
A new video from ASAPThought -- the self-described "science with a social conscience" YouTube channel -- asks, "Are gay men more masculine?"
A provocative question, sure, but if you watch the four-minute clip, you'll quickly realize what's really being examined is the way in which masculinity and femininity is perceived by our culture, who suffers because of how our society has defined its norms for men and women (and mostly attacks or ignores anyone who falls outside of or resists the binary) and ultimately how homophobia and sexism are intimately connected.
"Homophobia is so much more than the irrational fear of gay people," Gregory Brown notes in the video. "Calling someone 'gay' or 'a fag' is another way of calling them more feminine or a sissy or inferior, so, yes, homophobia is sexism."
The Free City of Novigrad
Novigrad (also known as "The Free City of Novigrad") is a city in The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt.
Located within Redania
Description [ edit ]
This metropolis was once part of Redania, but now has the status of a free city. Novigrad is the largest city in the world, and without a doubt the richest as well. Home to the cult of the Eternal Fire, the town is officially ruled by the church's hierarch, though its underworld crime bosses also have a great deal of say in matters.
Overview [ edit ]
It is a major port city, and one of the biggest cities in the north, with a population size of 30,000
Novigrad is always bustling with activities, and you can run into all sorts of people here including thugs, beggars, sailors, traders, and more.
Peasants live outside the city gates and work in farms. You can also find farm animals there such as Geese and Sheep.
Inside the city dwell civilians of various wealth levels, from poor people to rich men.
Travelers from many different kingdoms can be seen in this city.
Lots of Sailors wander around the city as well, seeking entertainment while their ships are docked in the harbor. These sailors can sometimes cause disturbances, but there are many Guards patrolling the city to keep the order. Redanian Soldiers also patrol on horse in and around the city.
Dockworkers help unload cargo and do other tasks around the harbor.
Boys can also be seen running around the streets and playing games
All sorts of races reside in this city, including humans, Elves, Dwarves, and Halflings
THERE is hope and faith in the hearts of proud Sydney parents Renee Young and Simon Howie, but more than anything there is love.
The couple's newborn twin daughters are just six days old but already a medical miracle, born with separate, identical faces and separate brains in a single skull, and sharing the same body.
The two girls, aptly named Faith and Hope, arrived last Thursday after a short labour, with Ms Young first being taken to Blacktown Hospital before being rushed by ambulance to Westmead Children's Hospital.
For the full story and more photos of the twins and their family, CLICK HERE
Faith and Hope are the result of an extremely rare condition known as disrosopus, where a baby is born with two faces.
Fewer than 40 human disrosopus cases are known to have been born. Even fewer survived beyond birth.
The couple said even though the baby only had one body, they still refered to them as their beautiful baby twins.
“I think they're beautiful and Simon thinks they're beautiful so really that's all that matters,” Ms Young said in an interview with A Current Affair.
The parents, who already had seven children together prior to the girls' arrival, discovered the abnormality during pregnancy but decided against an abortion.
“I would say, if I only get two days with the baby, I only get two days with the baby, at least I have some time with it,” Ms Young said.
But the couple are confident they will spend far more time with their newborn girls than that.
“A little luck, a little bit of faith, a bit of hope, hopefully we'll come out the other side, as long as they're fighters and they keep fighting, everything will be OK,” Mr Young said.
Royal Australian and New Zealand College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists president Michael Permezel said conjoined twins were extremely rare.
About one in 30,000-50,000 pregnancies produce a conjoined twin, but just one in 200,000 makes it to birth.
“It is due to the incomplete splitting of the embryo,” Professor Permezel said. “When the embryo splits earlier, you end up with identical twins, but when it partially splits, which is usually a bit later, you end up with a conjoined situation.”
Maternal foetal medicine specialist Dr Glenn Gardener, an expert in complicated pregnancies, said conjoined twins were most often joined at the chest or abdomen.
“Being joined at the head is the rarest,” he said.
Dr Gardener said it was hard to predict the long-term outlook for Hope and Faith.
“Having two bodies, where one heart is doing the job of pumping blood around both of them, would be much more dangerous because of the likelihood of heart failure,” he said.
“The physical structures in the chest are probably consistent with a single person, but how the neurology works and how the brain is connected - that is really hard to determine whether they will function normally.”
.
It might sound crazy, but streaming your PC's desktop to your Gear VR is quite possible thanks to a couple of free apps for your phone and your PC. Why stream to your Gear VR? Using your desktop in VR is an incredible experience, whether you're watching a movie or playing a game. That's right — any games on your PC can be played on an enormous screen within Gear VR.
See at Amazon
Ready to get started? Here's what you need to download and how to get everything working together.
What you need to stream your desktop to Gear VR
There are a few things you're going to need in order to stream your desktop to your Gear VR:
Gear VR and suitable phone
NVIDIA GTX 600-series GPU or better
4GB of RAM
Wi-Fi connection
Bigscreen app installed on your PC
If you have the stuff listed above, you can get busy setting everything up on your phone and your PC.
Allow apps from unknown sources
Because Stream Theater isn't an officially signed app from the Play Store, you need to switch your settings over so that your phone can run unknown apps. Here's how to do it.
Swipe down from the top of your screen. Tap the settings button. It looks like a gear and is located in the upper-right corner of your screen. Tap the Personal tab. Tap Lock screen and security. Tap the switch in the Unknown sources section so that it turns green (On). Tap OK.
Download SideloadVR and Stream Theater on your phone
Now that your phone is ready to go, you can download SideloadVR and Stream Theater.
Launch the Play Store. Tap the search field at the top of the screen. Type SideloadVR. Tap Sideload VR for GearVR. Tap Install. Tap Accept. The installation process will begin. Tap Open. Tap Skip. Tap the search button in the top-right corner of the screen. It looks like a magnifying glass. Type Stream Theater. Tap the search button in the lower-right corner of the screen. Tap Stream Theater. Tap Download App. The download process will begin. Tap Package Installer when the download is complete. Tap Install.
Configure GeForce Experience
While Stream Theater is downloading and installing, it's time to get GeForce Experience set up on your PC. You have to enable Gamestream so that Bigscreen can actually be streamed over to your Gear VR.
Launch GeForce Experience from your Start menu, desktop, or taskbar. Click the Settings button. It looks like a gear. Click Shield. Click the switch next to Gamestream so that it turns green (On).
Stream Theater will now be able to pick up Gamestream-compatible games on your PC, but first you have to get everything working together.
Find your PC's IP address
In order to connect Stream Theater and GeForce Experience, you need to know your PC's IP address. Here's how to find it.
Right-click the Start button. Click Search. Type cmd and hit Enter on your keyboard. Type ipconfig and hit Enter on your keyboard.
Your IP address is listed in the IPv4 Address line.
Stream your desktop to your Gear VR
Everything is downloaded and enabled; it's time to put it all together. First, launch the Stream Theater app on your phone and insert your phone into the Gear VR. Within, you'll see a Stream Theater environment. Follow these steps from within the Gear VR:
Select Add PC manually. Type in your PC's IP address. Select Enter. Select your desktop from the options. A code will appear within the Gear VR and a small window will appear on your desktop PC. Type the code into the window on your desktop PC. Click Connect.
You can now put on your Gear VR again and you should see a list of games from your PC. Choose Bigscreen, choose a theater to use (Void works best for a desktop), and you'll immediately see your desktop in front of you. You can now use your keyboard and mouse just as if you were using a regular PC monitor. Have fun!
Your experience
If you don't yet have a Gear VR, it isn't too late; you can grab one right now!
See at Amazon
Have you taken the steps necessary to stream your desktop to your Gear VR? How did it go? Let us know in the comments section.
Original review: Dec. 18, 2018
I recently rented a few items from Rent-A-Center and after a few months I started to get behind due to pay decrease this time of year right now. I drove in on Friday, December 15, 2018 and asked if I could pay for the washer and dryer since I had $200 on my card. I was told it is all or nothing for $310. I said, "I cannot do that much. Schedule the pickup and I will work on paying the debt off of $310 that month."
It became 6 pm Sunday night; everything sitting in my living room all day but no one called or showed up. I call them at 6:03 pm and they said they cannot do it, Monday now. No call, no nothing of a heads-up, I stayed close to home that day and from 2-6 I made sure to be home and re-scheduled a few things. Monday comes by and I am back at work. I call them and get told they cannot pick up again, but, when can I pay the $190? I said “I was told Friday that it had to be $310 only is the minimum”. Then, I get told to stay on hold. Credit manager now on phone. He said I can pay the $190 now and keep it all or just the washer and dryer – I told him if he told me that Friday when I drove in to their store I would have paid the $190 and we would all be better off and caught up. But since I was told otherwise I paid another bill and the money gone.
Now they tell me another week I have to wait to have it picked up since they are too busy. This place has NO COMMUNICATION between customers or employees. Someone is always sick so they cannot help or something else happened. And when I come to explain my story for the month I get told all or nothing (yes going on 3 weeks due on a bi-weekly pay schedule for RAC). It is like a game there whether you call in or come in.
I am so frustrated and will NEVER go to RAC and will tell everyone and social media about my experience to help others from being in this trap. I really need a washer and dryer and that is why I drove it to communicate this and see what we could do to save it and use my $200 I had – but again, no - there was no option, probably because everyone out sick since she was the only one there and looked and sounded all stressed out on that 15th day in December of 2018.
What can RAC do to help this cluster of a mess? I know and took ownership of being the 3 weeks late now, but was ready and tried to work it out 3 days before. Now they cannot pick up and try to pressure me into keeping it all??? Where is the customer centric obsessiveness for customer service? It is like I am making their lives harder by walking into the store.
CLOSE A driver pulled his van head on into a car being chased by Ferndale police. Video courtesy Ferndale Police Department Detroit Free Press staff
A citizen helped Ferndale police nab a fleeing suspect by crashing his van into the suspect's car following a chase, in Detroit, Friday, June 9, 2017. (Photo: Ferndale Police)
Editor's note: A previous version of this story misidentified the vehicle involved. It was a Chevrolet Impala. This version is correct.
A gutsy citizen helped Ferndale police nab a fleeing suspect by crashing his van into the suspect's car to end a chase and prevent what could have been mayhem in a busy parking lot.
The drama began at 9:30 p.m. Friday when an officer tried to pull over the driver of a Chevrolet Impala heading east on 8 Mile Road near Livernois, according to police. It ended in a nearby shopping center with two banged-up vehicles and two people in custody.
The driver, Kolbe K. Jordan, 26, of New Baltimore, has been arraigned on multiple charges and remains in the Oakland County Jail after failing to post an $85,000 bail bond.
A vivid video shot from the dashboard-mounted camera of a pursuing Ferndale police car shows the high-speed pursuit and dramatic ramming by the good Samaritan, followed by police leaping out of squad cars with guns drawn to yank the fleeing motorist onto the pavement.
An officer was randomly checking license plates when he discovered the Chevrolet's driver was wanted on traffic warrants and had multiple license suspensions, police said. When the officer tried to stop him, the suspect accelerated down 8 Mile Road.
As the man approached Woodward, traffic that was stopped at a red light blocked the intersection, but the Chevy plowed on.
"The suspect drove over the sidewalk, across an open area, and back onto Woodward where he fled south on Woodward at speeds of about 80 m.p.h.," later turning 180 degrees and heading northbound, a release from Ferndale police said.
Police said the suspect drove into a bus terminal near State Fair, then back onto northbound Woodward. As pursuing officers closed in, he turned abruptly east into the parking lot of the Meijer shopping center at the southeast corner of 8 Mile and Woodward. That's when police got unexpected help.
"A man driving his van out of the lot saw the suspect being chased by police into the parking lot," police said. "The man drove his van head-on into the suspect vehicle in order to stop it from fleeing into the parking lot crowded with people. The collision stopped the Chevy and the van ended up against the suspect vehicle driver side door, preventing the suspect from escaping."
Jordan and his passenger were arrested. Officers found 10 bundles of heroin and a loaded handgun with a 30-round magazine in the vehicle, police said. The gun had been reported in Detroit.
Jordan was charged with carrying a concealed weapon, third-degree fleeing and eluding, possession of narcotics and driving while license suspended. According to police, Jordan was on probation at the time for possessing cocaine and a weapons offense, and earlier had served two years and three months of three-year prison sentence for weapons and drug offenses.
The good Samaritan who turned his van into a battering ram is lying low since the incident, Ferndale police Sgt. Baron Brown said. Police got his name and a short statement from him at the scene, but officers quickly dispersed once they had their man, and the van driver drove off with only minor damage to his vehicle.
“We're trying to get ahold of him — he isn't answering his phone,” Brown said. Police aren't releasing the man's name until he gives the OK.
Although the collision rendered the fleeing Impala undrivable, the van sustained only a cracked headlight and dented front bumper, Brown said.
“I think anybody at this point might have an oops feeling — ‘Did I really do that? Was that the right thing?' We think the guy's heart was in the right spot. We think he felt the parking lot was full of people, and he wanted to stop this car before it went into the crowd. He could see all the police cars in pursuit,” Brown said.
“While we don't recommend doing what he did, we're not in any way going to vilify him. We're trying to reach him and let him know he did a good thing, but don't keep doing it because it's dangerous.”
Contact Ann Zaniewski: 313-222-6594 or azaniewski@freepress.com. Follow her on Twitter @AnnZaniewski. Staff writer Bill Laitner contributed to this report.
Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/2sVEeBj
Danish researchers have uncovered an association between infection and decreased cognitive ability. The finding was published last Wednesday to PLoS ONE.
A wide range of bacterial and viral infections, from influenza and pneumonia to hepatitis and encephalitis, can seriously stress the immune system. Oftentimes, the battle inflicts collateral damage on systems across the body. Some of these systems may not even be directly involved. For example, scientists are increasingly noting that infections and associated immune responses like inflammation can affect the brain.
This peaked the curiosity of researchers at the National Centre for Register-based Research at Aarhus University in Denmark. So, with a nationwide register of 161,696 young Danish men at their disposal, they decided to investigate whether or not infections were in any way linked to cognitive ability.
The Danish Conscription Registry tracked almost all males born between 1976 and 1994, collecting a variety of data, including the time, number, and detail of all infections requiring hospitalization. At age 19, all of the men in the register took a 3-hour test designed to measure cognitive ability. In hunting for an association between infection and cognitive ability, the researchers controlled for parental educational level, year of testing, birth order, multiple birth status, birth weight, gestational age, a parental history of infections, parental and individual history of psychiatric disorders, and substance abuse.
Analyzing the data, the researchers discovered that the more infections a subject endured throughout his life, the lower he scored on the test of cognitive ability. Subjects who were hospitalized once for an infection scored 0.83 points lower on a 100-point scale, while subjects who fell ill to 5 or 6 different infections scored 5.29 points lower. Unsurprisingly, infections of the central nervous system were associated with larger detriments, but respiratory, gastrointestinal, and skin infections also registered significant decreases in cognitive ability. (Below: Graph shows the unadjusted decreases in cognitive ability.)
The researchers also found that time factored into cognitive ability scores. Subjects with more recent infections faired worse than those with more distant infections.
What could account for the link between infection and a decrease in cognitive ability?
"The observed associations might be due to a biologically-mediated effect of the infection or associated immune responses causing an acute and possibly transient effect on general cognitive ability," the researchers say. "Inflammation and immune components can directly affect the glutamate, serotonin and dopamine systems that are considered central in cognition."
So does this mean that you get a little duller every time you succumb to an infection? Perhaps. But maybe not. Reverse causality can't be ruled out.
"Lower cognitive ability may be a risk factor for acquiring infections," the researchers admit. "Studies have indicated that immune related genes might be implicated in cognition, and individuals with genetic liability towards a lower general cognitive ability might also be more genetically vulnerable towards infections."
The study's size and extensive controls were key strengths, however, the study could not account for the effects of less severe infections that didn't require hospitalization and did not include women.
Source: Benros ME, Sørensen HJ, Nielsen PR, Nordentoft M, Mortensen PB, Petersen L (2015) The Association between Infections and General Cognitive Ability in Young Men – A Nationwide Study. PLoS ONE 10(5): e0124005. doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0124005
(Image: AP)
During yesterday's keynote Apple presented new iPods that got all Apple fans excited, including us. New versions of Shuffle, Nano and Classic and the totally new iPod Touch which is basically the iPhone without the phone part.
As always when Apple introduces new products they take down their online Apple Store while they do the updates. All that we who want to see or order the new hardware can do is wait and eagerly push reload.
But hold on. Why keep pushing reload? With Mr Uptime we could just add a watch on the temporary “We'll be back soon” page and as soon as Apple Store was back up, we were told of it and the website loaded automatically in a Firefox tab.
To do this we simply added a watch to check if the contact text on the web page above had been removed. It's as simple as selecting the text that should not be present on the page and then choose “Text string should not exist on page” in the Mr Uptime menu when you right-click the page.
Pretty smooth. 🙂
Britt Hermes worked as a naturopath for three years, until she discovered her boss, himself a naturopath, had been illegally importing and injecting cancer patients with a drug not approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.
Now pursuing a career in biomedical research, Hermes has become one of alternative medicine's most dogged critics, writing, blogging and tweeting about what she calls naturopathy's “distinctly dangerous” and dubious therapies, like the 30-year-old San Diego woman who died in March after an IV injection of a tumeric solution (the woman had sought treatment from a naturopath for eczema), or the Arizona naturopath who uses intravenous injections of sterile, pure, liquid sodium bicarbonate — advertised as her “baking soda cancer treatment”— to neutralize the “acidity” of tumours.
This week, when Hermes saw a tweet promoting a series of YouTube videos produced by the Canadian Association of Naturopathic Doctors
highlighting its members' “medical training,” she responded with what has become one of her signature responses:
“FALSE,” she tweeted. “Naturopathic doctors' are not medically trained. They learn pseudoscience. Stop lying.'”
Hermes and other critics argue the campaign suggests naturopaths receive the same training, and complete the same licensing exams, as “real” medical doctors and that the profession is trying to increase its legitimacy and position its services as science-based, when much of what it offers has little to no grounding in science.
Originally launched last September but now being re-promoted, with more ads expected to roll out this year, “Medically Trained. Naturally Focused” campaign by the association of naturopathic doctors features a series of YouTube videos with the tagline, “True or False?”
One asks, for example, “True or False? Naturopathic doctors are medically trained?”
“Of course we are,” responds a naturopath dressed in a white lab coat and carrying a stethoscope. The voiceover intones, “It's time for a second opinion about your health” and directs viewers to “FindMyND.ca”
The videos, taken from earlier TV commercials, are part of a three-year plan “to educate the public and to ensure they're aware who naturopathic doctors are and what they do,” said Shawn O'Reilly, executive director of the Canadian Association of Naturopathic Doctors.
Though they are “very definitely not medical doctors,” O'Reilly said naturopaths have “very similar training” and that the primary difference between a conventional and naturopathic doctor is their “philosophical approach” to patients.
“(Naturopaths) treat patients as an individual and look at all aspects of their health,” she said.
Admission to training programs requires an undergraduate degree (in any field) plus prerequisite sciences. The four-year, full-time program includes basic sciences, clinical sciences and diagnostics, she said.
According to Hermes, who in 2011 graduated from Washington state's Bastyr University — an accredited naturopathic training program recognized by the Canadian College of Naturopathic Medicine — the training is distinctly and wholly different to medical school.
She said students aren't required to take medical entrance exams, the prerequisite sciences course are introductory-level (“It's like, Chemistry 101”) and naturopaths don't have to complete residency or post-graduate training, unlike conventional doctors who, depending on which speciality they pick, face a minimum two years and up to four years or more in residency programs.
“They take classes with the same names as medical school courses,” added Hermes. “But pseudoscience and nonsensical information is integrated into every course.”
For example, Hermes said she learned to treat neurological conditions such as Parkinson's with homeopathic remedies and high doses of intravenous vitamins. Her paediatrics course, she said, was filled with “anti-vaccine propaganda.”
O'Reilly said the childhood vaccination schedule is taught within the training programs and that the position of the CAND as well as the profession “is that we understand the value of the role of vaccines and we are not opposed to vaccination.”
However, a study published last week led by University of Alberta health policy expert Timothy Caulfield found that, of 330 naturopath websites analyzed, 40 included “vaccine hesitancy discourse” and 26 offered vaccine or flu shot alternatives.
Reporting in the Journal of Law and the Biosciences, Caulfield and his colleagues said the discourse ranged from the overtly anti-vaxx to “those that subtly undermine the relevant science.” Some linked thimerosal, a mercury-based preservative, to autism and Asperger Syndrome, even though Caulfield said there is no credible evidence to support such a link and that almost all vaccines in Canada are made without thimerosal.
Caulfield is calling for a tightening of advertising laws, reducing the ability of alternative medicine providers to self-regulate and restricting their ability to offer unproven tests and treatments. (Five provinces have passed legislation regulating naturopaths.)
“They're really trying to have it both ways,” Caulfield said. “The messaging is, one, ‘We are science-based, we're medically trained, we are healthcare professionals.'
“The second is, ‘Yeah, but we're different. We're based on natural medicine, we're about getting to the root causes. We're not like those other health care professionals and so you should come see us.'”
He said the practice is premised on the ideal of “vitalism,” the belief in a “supernatural life-force energy.”
In an earlier study, Caulfield found that, almost without exception, naturopaths advertise scientifically unsupported therapies such as homeopathy, colon cleanses, ozone therapy, ionic footbaths, hair analysis and IV vitamin therapy.
“So, it's very misleading to say ‘medically trained' as I think most would interpret this as ‘science-trained.'”
In a written response to questions from the National Post, the Canadian College of Naturopathic Medicine said more than 80 per cent of its students “come in with a health sciences type of degree” and that 1,400 hours are spent on basic medical science courses such as biochemistry, anatomy and embryology.
“The first two years focus on the biomedical sciences and indeed, some of the textbooks are identical to medical textbooks,” the statement said.
Naturopaths are regulated in five provinces – B.C, Alberta, Saskatchewan.
Manitoba and Ontario. As well, “Any ND (naturopathic doctor) practising in Ontario is required by regulation to make it known that they are a ‘ND', NOT an MD,” the college said.
Still, Brighton, Ont. family physician Dr. Michelle Cohen worries naturopaths are positioning themselves as “primary care” or family doctors. “They're not doing the same kind of screening tests we do, they don't do preventive medicine the way we do and they don't manage the same kinds of complex and chronic medical issues family doctors do,” she said.
“There is really no comparison.”
• Email: skirkey@nationalpost.com | Twitter: sharon_kirkey
Washington (CNN) -- A firm affiliated with the former Blackwater security company has been awarded a contract to provide protection to U.S. consulates and diplomats in the Afghan cities of Herat and Mazar-e Sharif, a U.S. State Department official confirmed on Saturday.
The official said U.S. Training Center got the contract on Friday. It is part of Xe, the new name of Blackwater Worldwide.
Blackwater became the target of widespread outrage in Iraq after its contractors were involved in the September 2007 shooting at Baghdad's Nisoor Square that left 17 civilians dead and 24 wounded, straining relations between Iraq and the United States.
The deal is a one-year contract with an option to extend up to 18 months. If the contract is fulfilled for that entire period, it would be more than $120 million.
The State Department official, insisting on anonymity, said past history with Blackwater did not prevent U.S. Training Center from bidding on contracts and that in this case the company was the best qualified for the work in Afghanistan.
U.S. Rep. Jan Schakowsky, D-Illinois, said on Saturday she was "extremely disappointed" over the deal and that the former Blackwater shouldn't be receiving more U.S. contracts.
"This is a company whose cowboy-like behavior has not only resulted in civilian deaths; it has also jeopardized our mission and the safety of U.S. troops and diplomatic personnel worldwide. Instead of punishing Blackwater for its extensive history of serious abuses the State Department is rewarding the company with up to $120 million in taxpayer funds," she said in a statement.
The congresswoman has introduced legislation that would phase out the use of private security contractors.
"Though the name Blackwater has become synonymous with the worst of contractor abuses, the bigger problem is our dangerous reliance on such companies for the business of waging war."
As for the Nisoor Square violence, the U.S. Justice Department is pushing forward efforts to put five Blackwater guards on trial in connection with that incident.
Shops are springing up in Chinese cities bordering North Korea which specialize in cheap cell phones that operate on the restricted telecommunications network of the impoverished hermit kingdom, where handset costs are well beyond the reach of average citizens.
But despite the low cost of the phones, North Koreans are balking at purchasing them, citing extra costs associated with bribing border officials to get them back across the border and a complicated registration process, sources said.
As cell phone use in the North becomes more popular, shops have begun to appear in Chinese border cities targeting North Koreans who frequently travel there for shopping, a source living in Dandong, in China's Liaoning province, told RFA's Korean Service.
“Stores dealing in cell phones which can be used in North Korea, and repair shops to fix [broken North Korean] cell phones have recently opened in Dandong” the source said.
There are various types of cell phones available at the stores, the source said, including “bar” type phones which sell for around U.S. $55, folding phones that fetch about U.S. $80, and touch smartphones which go for U.S. $130, according to the source.
Similar types of cell phones are sold in North Korea for more than twice the price—around U.S. $150, $200 and $300 respectively—unaffordable for most North Koreans in rural areas and smaller cities who struggle to earn enough to provide their families with adequate food to eat.
In spite of the low cost and good quality of the cell phones at the stores in Chinese border towns, the source said, North Korean travelers are largely window shopping, and not readily purchasing them.
He said that prospective buyers are concerned about trying to illegally bring the phones back through customs, as well as the complex process of registering them with authorities for use once they return to North Korea.
Extra costs
A North Korean of Chinese descent told RFA that the cell phone store owners in China had banked on visitors from the North taking advantage of cheap prices, but hadn't counted on the extra costs associated with owning a Chinese cell phone.
“This story started with people who don't know about the real situation inside North Korea,” he said.
The source explained that even when citizens of North Korea purchase legal cell phones within the country, it is nearly impossible to register them without bribing relevant officials.
Other sources said that while it's hard for ordinary residents of North Korea to buy Chinese cell phones and bring them across the border, “professional sellers,” who have connections in customs and the money to bribe authorities, can earn good money in the trade.
A second source living in Dandong told RFA that another group of businessmen makes their profits collecting broken handsets from North Korea—where replacement parts are expensive and hard to come by—and bringing them to shops across the border for repair.
“Many intermediary merchants who collect numerous broken [North Korean] handsets are regular customers for the cell phone repair shops which display signs reading ‘Pyongyang Telecom' near the customs office in Dandong,” the source said.
‘Homegrown' tech
Since August last year, North Korea has had its own smartphone, the AS1201 Arirang, which works in the Korean language, according to announcements in state media.
But the state-produced device is made for use on the domestic network Koryolink, which does not allow international calls or access to mobile Internet.
Statements in North Korean state media claiming that the Arirang was manufactured using “homegrown technology” were met with skepticism in the West, where observers said the phone uses a Google Android-based operating system.
Owning a cell phone is still a luxury in North Korea, with a basic Chinese-made Huawei mobile phone sold by Koryolink costing about U.S. $150, a huge sum for most of the country's 24 million people.
But use is growing fast, with some 2 million North Koreans subscribing to Koryolink since it launched in 2008 as a joint venture with Egyptian company Orascom.
Reported by Joon Ho Kim for RFA's Korean Service. Translated by Jina Lee. Written in English by Joshua Lipes.
Ontario is cracking down on the red hot housing market by introducing a series of incentives that will, hopefully, control inflating real estate in the Golden Horseshoe region.
The province plans to bring in a series of 10 different initiatives to help placate the housing and rental markets — but the proposed regulations are a mixed bag. The non-resident speculation tax (NRST) is the primary regulation the Ontario Liberals hope to pass and the plan has immediately fallen under criticism. NRST would tax individuals that are not citizens or permanent residents of Canada 15 per cent when they purchase a home. The tax would apply to transfers of land, including “single family residences, detached homes and condos”. It would not apply to residential apartment buildings. This tax is similar to the foreign buyer's tax in Vancouver, but differs because it would allow people to refund the tax if they obtained permanent residency within four years of living in the home.
NRST is one of the less impactful initiatives announced Thursday morning because it only applies to foreign buyers and doesn't adequately represent most of the buying market in Toronto. Blaming foreign buyers for the problems of a mostly localized Canadian real estate market echoes the xenophobic tendencies seen lately in the United States, and won't help the housing sector in a large or meaningful way. Why not instead implement a vacancy tax so that local homeowners, including foreign buyers, wouldn't be allowed to keep their homes empty? This would directly respond to the desperate need for housing in the city.
Luckily, one of the other initiatives does leave room for municipalities throughout the province to enact a vacancy tax if they so wish. This puts the onus on each individual city to make the decision, which is either an avoidance tactic or a way to appease a heightening tension between Canada's largest city and the province. The province will also crackdown on assignment clauses, which allows a buyer to pass on the right to another person to buy a property, and is a ‘scalping' strategy to avoid taxes.
In the renting sector, the province will allow rent control again, which was banned in 1991. This will prohibit landlords from raising rent by more than 2.5 per cent, which has recently become a massive problem in the Golden Horseshoe. This is a positive change for renters who are currently at the whims of greedy landlords without rental control in place. The province also plans to strengthen the Residencies Tenancy Act to further protect renters from corrupt landlords.
The province of Ontario is finally taking action on the over-inflated housing market in the Golden Horseshoe, but it still stands to ask whether the initiatives introduced are too weak? By introducing a non-resident tax, the province avoids tackling the larger issue. With an election around the corner, the province may be hesitant to bring the hammer down on wealthy homeowners. Hopefully, the City of Toronto takes the initiative instead and enacts a vacancy tax on behalf of the province.
That being said, the incentive to crack down on speculation driving the market up and re-introducing rent control are fantastic incentives for the province. It remains to be seen what the new regulations will actually do for Ontario — but it will be clear what works and what doesn't have an incredible impact on the red-hot housing sector.
[Update 7-3-13 Steve Hinnefeld addresses Albert Hirschman vs. Milton Friedman and education reform. “Here's another way of saying it: The contempt that school choice advocates commonly express for public schools is, at its root, contempt for democracy itself.”]
At the GOP convention, Jeb Bush argued in favor of voucher and school choice using the frame of civil rights. Bush, brother of failed president and education reformer George W. Bush, went further, offering an even more inapt metaphor.
“Everywhere in our lives, we get the chance to choose,” he said in a prepared version of his remarks sent to reporters. “Go down any supermarket aisle – you'll find an incredible selection of milk. You can get whole milk, 2% milk, low-fat milk or skim milk. Organic milk, and milk with extra vitamin D. There's flavored milk— chocolate, strawberry or vanilla – and it doesn't even taste like milk. They even make milk for people who can't drink milk.”
This perfectly encapsulates what's wrong with the corporate ed position. It conflates something as important, complex and far reaching in its consequences as an education with milk, a simple consumer good. That frame justifies turning public education into a profit making opportunity. It supports the deprofessionalization of teachers. It focuses our attention on individuals instead of the ways we systematically provide a different quality to education based on class and race. Choosing 2% one week and whole milk the next is no problem, but shifting your child between schools even once is a huge decision. The choice of milk depends purely on taste while education is a skilled profession. While the analogy has surface appeal, its implication are gross and most people would recoil from them if they were made explicit. Most people, that is, who believe that providing a quality education to all is a basic requirement in a democratic society that is committed to the idea that all people are equal.
How can you say on the one hand that education is a civil right and at the same time it's like shopping for groceries?
Chief Justice Warren had a better sense of the civil rights issue when it comes to education.
Today, education is perhaps the most important function of state and local governments. Compulsory school attendance laws and the great expenditures for education both demonstrate our recognition of the importance of education to our democratic society. It is required in the performance of our most basic public responsibilities, even service in the armed forces. It is the very foundation of good citizenship. Today it is a principal instrument in awakening the child to cultural values, in preparing him for later professional training, and in helping him to adjust normally to his environment. In these days, it is doubtful that any child may reasonably be expected to succeed in life if he is denied the opportunity of an education. Such an opportunity, where the state has undertaken to provide it, is a right which must be made available to all on equal terms.
There's another important point to be made here, and it gets to the conceit of choice.
“Choice” is the illusion of power. Vouchers were not dreamed up to provide choice, but to deny it. We need to avoid confusing a justification with an explanation.
A recent report issued by People for the American Way called Predatory Privatization: Exploiting Financial Hardship, Enriching the 1%, Undermining Democracy details what's really going on here.
It is important to understand that targeted voucher programs that allow students from poor families, children with disabilities or students in underperforming schools to attend private schools that will accept them are not the ultimate goal of school privatizers. They are a tactical means to a much larger strategic end, which is the end of public education altogether, as pushed by David Koch in his run for the White House in 1980, echoing his late father's John Birch Society antipathy to public schools as socialist or communist. “Like most other conservatives and libertarians, we see vouchers as a major step toward the complete privatization of schooling,” stated Heartland Institute President Joseph Bast in 1997. “In fact, after careful study, we have come to the conclusion that they are the only way to dismantle the current socialist regime.” Heartland has received significant funding from right-wing foundations over the years, including the Charles Koch Foundation. If you doubt that many privatizers seek to dismantle public education, take a look at the many prominent right-wing activists and thinkers who have signed the “Public Proclamation to Separate Church and State,” which proclaims that “I favor ending government involvement in education.” As Milton Friedman, intellectual godfather of the movement, said “Vouchers are not an end in themselves; they are a means to make a transition from a government to a free-market system.” More famously, the late televangelist and Religious Right leader Jerry Falwell said, “I hope I live to see the day when, as in the early days of our country, we won't have any public schools. The churches will have taken them over again and Christians will be running them.” At the 2011 Values Voter Summit held in Washington, D.C., in October, one of the most frequent and enthusiastically received applause lines was a call to abolish the Department of Education. In Florida, Gov. Rick Scott signed five bills last year that build on the voucher programs put in place by former Gov. Jeb Bush [my emphasis] and promote Scott's agenda to expand charter schools, virtual schools, vouchers and a program that allows students to transfer out of failing public schools. Florida also gives tax breaks to corporations in return for private school scholarships, echoing ALEC model legislation: With Scott's urging, that program's cap increased by $30 million to $175 million while the McKay scholarship program for students with disabilities could nearly quadruple under new looser eligibility guidelines. Florida's education chief, selected by the state board at Scott's request last year, is a former executive director of the Black Alliance for Educational Options, a group created by right-wing funders to make black parents, rather than right-wing economists and Wall Street financiers, the face of the voucher movement.
Read the whole thing. My only objection is that what is typically called ‘privatization' is really ‘corporatization' – a shift of public funds to corporations, which since they are collectively owned and managed and not meaningfully ‘private.'
It's worth quoting a bit more from Friedman on behalf of vouchers.
Parents could express their views about schools directly, by withdrawing their children from one school and sending them to another, to a much greater extent than is now possible. In general, they can now take this step only by simultaneously changing their place of residence. For the rest, they can express their views only through cumbrous political channels.
As Albert Hirschman said, “A person less well trained in economics might naively suggest that the direct way of expressing views is to express them!” But note too that what Friedman calls the “cumbrous political channels” is what the rest of us call democracy and active citizenship.
Of course we want real choice – students and parents should have options for different educational opportunities, teachers should be given autonomy to find the best ways to teach to their students, administrators and teachers should have the freedom to design programs rather than have things dictated from above. Teachers should have the choice of joining a union to represent them. Everyone should have the option of a quality public education. What corporate reformers like Bush offer is not choice. It's a top-down agenda designed to undermine public education despite the fact that the vast majority of Americans recognize our public schools are essential. The goal is to turn public education from a social right, one that all deserve as a consequence of being a human being, to a product, no different from milk or toothpaste. And Democrats should be condemning this nonsense and articulating this alternative, original, vision. And we should all be demanding that they do, not to mention ditching George W. Bush's NCLB (No Public School Left Standing).
Of course, some would claim that vouchers are only a Republican idea, and that the rest of what is often falsely called “ed reform”, as if only those that share their vision are interested in change. But as Laura Clawson notes, Bush was also in town to publicize the new pro-parent trigger movie Won't Back Down, along with former Democratic ed policy star Michelle Rhee. The movie will also be screened at the DNC. (For what it's worth, the parent trigger demonstrates the incoherence of the “choice” agenda. If not allowing an individual parent to have the government fund their choice to go to a different school despite the wishes of the vast majority of parents to offer public schooling alone, why can we disrespect the choice of 50% minus one of parents to maintain their public school in the face of a slight majority. Any why do triggers only operate one way? The answer is the only choices they respect are those that fit with the top-down corporate agenda.)
The long-term shift from social rights to commodification is one of the more important (and disastrous) political projects of my lifetime.
By the way, if you think education is a civil right, you should check out the recommendations of those groups with a long and distinguished history of fighting for civil rights. But they will look very little like those of Jeb Bush.
Of course, Jeb, whose background is more aristocratic then meritocratic, believes it's the rest of us that are the real racists.
“We must stop pre-judging children based on their race, ethnicity or household income,” Bush said. “We must stop excusing failure in our schools and start rewarding improvement and success.”
I'll outsource the response to that to Richard Rothstein and Mark Santow.
Politicians and experts typically refer to schools as “failing” if they are filled with low-income children with low-test scores. Faced with enormous challenges, such schools may be doing as well as they possibly can, though. African-American children from low-income urban families frequently suffer from health problems that lead to school absences; from frequent or sustained parental unemployment that provokes family crises; from rent or mortgage defaults causing household moves that entail changes of teachers and schools, with a resulting loss of instructional continuity; and from living in communities with high levels of crime and disorder, where schools spend more time on discipline and less on instruction and where stress depresses academic success. With school segregation continuing to increase, these children are often isolated from the positive peer influences of middle-class children who were regularly read to when young, whose homes are filled with books, whose adult environment includes many college-educated professional role models, whose parents have greater educational experience and the motivation such experience brings and who have the time, confidence, and ability to monitor schools for academic standards.
We won't be seeing any Bushes working with us to address those problems any time soon.
Not only was it overstated, but it wasn't even a genocide!There were many genocides throughout history. In fact, a genocide is being commited by Israel against the Palestinians as we speak. Ironicly, the one genocide everyone keeps talking about really isn't a genocide.It's an established fact that Nazi Germany was antisemitic and had racial laws that significantly reduced Jewish civil rights.It's an established fact that Nazi Germany isolated Jews based on their ethnicity and culture in ghettoes and concentration camps during WW2, just likeIt's an established fact that death tolls were high inandbecause of starvation and disease and thatIt's an established fact that starvation was a common problem by the end of WW2, with theandas some of the more extreme examples.It's an establised fact that thewere ruthless in their elimination of civilian resistance groups behind the Polish front lines and that a significant number of these civilians were Jewish.Official historiography and revisionist history disagree only whether or not there were gas chambers in concentration camps that were used to murder people, whether or not there was a plan to exterminate the Jews and whether Hitler truely was an "evil" psychopath or whether that's a false image based on disinformation and cherrypicking.Herebelow is a number of sources that support the revisionist position in one or more of these aspects :To conclude, let's take a brief look into illustrated history!. The British Empire was actively engaged in the clandestine trade of Opium with China to destabilize Chinese society. This lead to the, which took place in 1839–42 and 1856–1860.to demoralize the Boer men. The sole purpose the Boer wars was the acquisition of South-African gold and diamond mines for theand associated firms., 1897. Here, prominent Jewish figures agreed to collaborate for the creation of the state of Israel. It was mostly the vast wealth of the Rothschild family and other elite banking families of Jewish descent that lead to the rise of Anti-Semitism in Europe.was a letter from the United Kingdom's Foreign Secretaryto(2nd Baron Rothschild), for transmission to thewas one of the most horrific events during WW2, killing an unknown number of civilians anywhere between 25,000 and 300,000 people. It's largely forgotten by history because the Nazis being "evil" supposedly justified the means.of British India during. It resulted from extraction of resources from the erea to support the British war effort. Approximately 3 million people died due the famine. The "Bengal Famine Mixture" was a special food mixture to reduce the death toll in Bengal, which was later used in Bergen-Belsen in a desperate attempt of the British liberators to achieve the same results., which was the Norwegian Nazi party. It was but one of many Fascist movements rising at the timewas used at the time.
The Washington Times picked up on our “stunning” announcement of the new LNC chair:
Republicans and Democrats, who pine to woo the all-important young, restless and disengaged demographic, have some serious competition for this sizable voting bloc, which now numbers about 45 million.
In what onlookers described as a “stunning” upset during their recent national convention, the Libertarian Party elected Nicholas Sarwark as their chairman. He is 34, hails from Denver, serves as a deputy public defender, is a prolific blogger and is intent on positioning the Libertarian Party as “the only choice for pro-freedom young people.”
The party itself is getting feisty. The 43-year-old organization also intends to be recognized as the official “real deal” libertarians, which may not sit well with a spate of assorted Republicans, tea partyers and independents who also claim influence with the growing “less government, lower taxes, more freedom” crowd. The articulate Mr. Sarwark himself may be a serious draw for undecided or disengaged folk out there.
To understand the spirit of Bradenton, Fla., and its coastal companions Anna Maria Island and Longboat Key, one need only look to the ocean that edges the beach communities.
Sparkling blue, it pushes along a soft current that fills the air with the lush sound of the seaside. It's pristine, too: Six of the beaches along its 18 miles of coast are “Blue Wave Certified.” And the shore that lines it? Breathtaking sugar-white beaches that stretch on and on.
The Bradenton Gulf Islands are magical: You won't see any chain restaurants, and you'll get to know plenty of family restaurant owners. The coastal enclave sits just 20 minutes from Sarasota airport, which means with a JetBlue direct flight from Boston, you can dream your escape for a few hours in the air and then be in the thick of it.
There are a few other things you won't find here. Like a wild spring break scene. Or a long row of chain stores. Or high-rise buildings. But if you're into fresh seafood, delightful waterfront activities, cool artist communities, bustling in a kicked-back-way main streets, and a feeling of getting away — this is the place.
It's a place where buildings are simple yet beautiful. With no building more than three stories high, no chain restaurants or mega-businesses, Anna Maria Island is a community of mom and pop. You'll meander down streets, finding great food and art but also meeting those who create it. Where to stay? In this region, it's nearly impossible to go wrong among the many quaint, quality choices in breathtaking spots.
Like the Tortuga Inn Beach Resort on Anna Maria Island (1325 Gulf Drive N., 941-778-6611). With six distinct buildings, the inn offers accommodations for every need — with a private spa or overlooking one of the common pools. Gulf views abound, and there are three heated pools and a boat dock. Those spectacular Sun Coast sunsets are so breathtaking they'll send you racing for your camera.
In the mood of the region, fun comes at a natural pace: casting a line from the beach with a great blue heron standing guard over your bait bucket … or listening to an osprey's cry when it lifts off from the sea with a fish in its talons … or watching a pair of young dolphins play in the surf … or standing in silence as flocks of cormorants stream past at the edge of the strand. Learn more at www.tortugainn.com.
At the Bungalow Beach Resort on Anna Maria Island (2000 Gulf Drive N., 941-778-3600) you'll be tucked up along that white sand beach in a setting that's modern in amenities and old-school in vibe. The gracious rejuvenated classic 1930s-style resort is nestled among the white sand dunes, sea oats and swaying coconut palms. It has its own private beach area, dotted with lounge chairs and umbrellas.
The private hedged-and-gated grounds of the Bungalow Beach Resort are elegantly manicured, featuring 30 different exotic palms and tropical flowers. A sparkling heated pool includes a waterfall and cabana area for small private entertaining. There's also another private heated pool with rental of the Island Pool Home.
Sounds award-worthy, right? That's because it is, having recently garnered two prestigious national awards, recognized for its ongoing hospitality leadership with the 2015 TripAdvisor Certificate of Excellence as well as the 2015 White Glove Award from the Superior Small Lodging Association.
The TripAdvisor award celebrates properties that consistently achieve outstanding traveler reviews on the company's website over a 12-month period, as well as that business' tenure and ranking on the site's Popularity Index. Bungalow Beach Resort has received the award four years in a row. The White Glove Award was created to distinguish hotels and resorts whose housekeeping standards are rated beyond exceptional by the Superior Small Lodging Association (an association for boutique hotels).
“We pride ourselves on our motto of ‘Nothing Broken, Nothing Dirty' to deliver a consistently exceptional hotel experience for our guests, and we are proud to be recognized for our ongoing commitment to cleanliness and personalized service,” said longtime owner Gayle Luper. “The TripAdvisor award is truly a people's choice award, based on our long history of positive reviews by our visitors. It is an honor to our staff and the exceptional resort getaway experience they provide our guests.”
Additionally, under Luper's leadership, Bungalow Beach Resort has won numerous awards including the “Top Romance in U.S.” Traveler's Choice Award (also from TripAdvisor) and several White Glove Awards from the Florida Superior Small Lodging Association. Learn more at www.bungalowbeach.com.
The Mainsail Beach Inn, built in 2009, is another top choice (101 66th St., Bradenton Beach, 888-849-2642). Thanks to its enviable location, the Mainsail Beach Inn offers a one-of-a-kind Florida beachfront resort experience. The resort makes the most of Anna Maria Island's unique fusion of natural wonders, outdoor recreation and Old Florida coastal charm — the best of life along Florida's Gulf Coast.
The inn has 12 upscale two- and three-bedroom residences, each with its own balcony or deck and most with beachfront access. All units come with gourmet kitchens and professional appliances, hardwood floors, elegant furnishings, fine linens, flat screen plasma televisions, DVD players, sound systems and high-speed Internet access.
Amenities include a private sun deck with a heated resort-style pool, a gazebo with outdoor kitchen and grill, beach chairs and umbrellas. And the Mainsail's nearby marina features 50 slips accommodating vessels up to 50 feet in length and available for daily, weekly or monthly rentals. The marina is just a short stroll from the island's exclusive restaurants and retail shops. Boat rentals and fishing guides are also available.
Top that off with a complimentary shuttle to bring you to all the cozy spots you'll want to explore around the island and you've got perfection. Learn more at www.mainsailbeachinn.com.
Silver Resorts offer two choices of oasis in Bradenton Beach, the BridgeWalk (100 Bridge St., 941-779-2545), a landmark resort, and the Silver Surf (1301 Gulf Drive N., 941-778-6626), which recently debuted an updated look.
Silver Surf has 50 charming units located just across the street from its own private beach. Silver Surf's design lends itself to meeting new people during your stay, with a touch of Florida “the way it used to be.” Sit on your open patio if you are staying in an Aparto and soak in the sun while you people-watch, take a dip in the outdoor heated pool or just relax on the beach and read the book you have been putting off for too long. If you are looking for some action, you can rent a Jet ski, catamaran, paddleboard or kayak on Silver Surf's private beach from Coastal Watersports. Tiki massage is also available on the beach by SeaRenity Spa.
A majority of the rooms at the Bridgewalk Anna Maria resort exceed 800 square feet — plus a very large screened verandah. All rooms have tile floors and granite countertops and nearly all the rooms at Bridgewalk have Jacuzzi tubs. Property amenities include a heated outdoor pool, complimentary beach towels, chairs and umbrellas, continental breakfast, a restaurant/island bar and a spa on the property, as well as several retail stores. It's location, Bridge Street, is special, too.
Bridge Street is where folks stepped foot on the island many years ago via a wood-plank bridge. Today, the street is lined with shops, restaurants and bars. There is even a radio station that broadcasts local information and promotes area musicians.
At one end of Bridge Street is the Bradenton Beach Fishing Pier and Clock Tower, where the time is only noted when the clock rings.
The other end of this narrow street offers access to a beautiful white sand beach where you can sit for hours reading a book, watching the dolphins play or doing nothing at all.
Learn more at www.silverresorts.com.
With such splendid accommodations, it's easy to just settle in. But you'll want to get out. With so much to discover in such a warm embracing way, it's worth exploring.
On Pine Avenue, called the Greenest Little Main Street in America, you'll find 1920s bungalows that are now home to boutiques, restaurants and other businesses, where you'll often find the owner at the door ready to chat. There's a wonderful pier to meander down, and the streets are busy enough to be fun but quiet enough to make renting a bike and pedaling along them totally safe. It's movie-set perfect.
And then there's the food. Not only does the region embrace farm-to-table, it embraces surf-to-table. Some restaurants allow guests to “hook and cook”: You fish, bring in your catch and have it prepared by one of the region's amazing chefs. Now that's a vacation memory.
A culinary leader is the Chiles group and its three iconic, waterfront restaurants — The Sandbar on Anna Maria Island (100 Spring Ave., 941-778-0444), the Beach House Restaurant (200 Gulf Drive N., Bradenton Beach, 941-779-2222) and Mar Vista Dockside Restaurant on North Longboat Key (760 Broadway St., 941-383-2391), operated by local sustainability expert Ed Chiles, son of the late Florida Gov. Lawton Chiles.
The settings alone are sublime: The Sandbar restaurant began as a bathhouse structure in 1922. The Beach House was originally a Harbor House; Chiles purchased the property in 1993. Mar Vista is one of the 12 oldest surviving structures on Longboat Key. Construction began in the 1910s.
Chiles also owns the Studio at Gulf and Pine, the island's cultural art gallery and event facility. Ed Chiles' mother, Rhea Chiles, founded the Studio.
Products Chiles serves in his restaurants include farm-to-fork wares from Gamble Creek Farm — a 26-acre farm located in Parrish, Fla., that grows hydroponic and organic produce. Mullet, one of the most under-appreciated fish and one of the healthiest, is high in Omega 3 fatty acids. Chiles receives the fresh fish from area fishermen. Learn more about the Chiles group at www.groupersandwich.com.
You may never want to leave Anna Maria, but Bradenton has plenty to offer, too. Such as the South Florida Museum (201 10th St. W., 941-746-4131). The museum is also home to the Bishop Planetarium and the Parker Manatee Aquarium (with a rehab center worth visiting and a 60-plus-year-old manatee named Snooty you can get to know).
The town is centered with its River Walk along the Manatee River, the site of local events, including the Bradenton Blues Festival in early December and the Bradenton River Regatta in February. Regatta week also features events like extreme pogo (it's just what it says it is!), a Frisbee dog event, concerts and more.
The Artists Village there, is a must-see. Said to be the longest working artists area in America, it's a line of 1920s cottages inhabited by artists who are living for their work and who open their doors to share it with you. And, of course, there is shopping — with lots of boutiques that mirror the feel of the region; colorful and fresh, unique and fun. If you want a taste of upscale shopping, you can visit the Ellington Outlet Mall there as well.
A visit to Mixon Fruit Farms (2525 27th St. E, Bradenton, 941-748-5829) is a must. Not only can you purchase fruit right at the grove, you can tour the grove, learn about how it works and more. Dean and Janet Mixon are happy to share a portion of their citrus grove with Wildlife Inc. for a Florida Wildlife Care & Education Center, providing much needed land and shelter for orphaned and injured birds, animals and reptiles. Their mission is to rehabilitate Florida wildlife for release back into the wild, and to promote education, appreciation and respect for wildlife. Cages are built in the grove next to orange trees as the family-owned-and-operated business embraces the Florida Wildlife Preserve. All visitors are invited to meet the animals up-close. You go away inspired by the beauty of these creatures. The animals and birds come and go as they are treated and rehabilitated. Some are released back into the wild and some must find a permanent rescue home. You can learn about it all, and of course, shop for some incredible fresh Florida grown goodies while there. And since the Mixons ship their fruit, you can “revisit” them from your home all year long. Learn more at www.mixon.com.
Then there is Long Boat Key, just south of Anna Maria Island. Quiet and secluded, it is full of pristine beaches and some fine-dining choices.
The entire region is about embracing the simple things in life. Want to get around? Use a free trolley, rent a bike or even rent a golf cart! Want to stay in a private home instead of a hotel and cook in more? There are shopping services that will fill your fridge before you arrive. Most of all, the Bradenton Gulf Islands want you to unhook, disconnect and breath it all in. On the sparking beaches of the Bradenton area, where the water is almost always within view and the living and vacationing is serene, you can just breathe deep, mellow out and go with the flow. Learn more at www.bradentongulfislands.com.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - When U.S. President-elect Donald Trump criticized United Technologies Corp's (UTX.N) Carrier unit in November for its plan to move some 800 jobs to Mexico, the parent-company made a swift decision to keep the factory in Indiana.
Robotic arms spot welds on the chassis of a Ford Transit Van under assembly at the Ford Claycomo Assembly Plant in Claycomo, Missouri April 30, 2014. REUTERS/Dave Kaup
Yet, the move did not translate into saving jobs. Instead, the company decided it would move toward automation as a way to cut costs.
“We're going to make up [the] $16 million investment in that factory in Indianapolis to automate, to drive the cost down so that we can continue to be competitive,” chief executive Greg Hayes said on CNBC last month. “What that ultimately means is there will be fewer jobs.”
Swapping robots and software for human labor has underpinned much of the productivity gains in the United States over the last 25 years. Now, with a greater political push to keep factories at home, investors are betting that automation will gain speed in industries ranging from auto manufacturing to chicken processing to craft beer breweries.
The big winners so far include Rockwell Automation Inc (ROK.N), General Electric Co (GE.N) and Cognex Corp (CGNX.O), which have seen jumps in fund ownership of 80 percent or more in the current quarter compared with the previous quarter, according to a Reuters analysis of Morningstar data.
The ROBO Global Robotics and Automation Index ETF is up 7.5 percent since Election Day, or about 15 percent more than the S&P 500 index, after underperforming the broad market for the majority of last year. Its largest holdings include cleaning products maker iRobot Corp (IRBT.O), Japanese factory automation company Fanuc Corp< 6954.T>, and drone aircraft company AeroVironment Inc (AVAV.O).
But the push toward automation could also cut into the number of jobs saved or created in the United States, undercutting Trump's boast in a news conference last Wednesday that he would be “the greatest jobs producer that God ever created.”
CUTTING LABOR COSTS
Declining costs of technology are expected to accelerate the growth of robotic manufacturing. Some 80 percent of companies that plan to cut jobs in the next year expect to partially replace workers with automation, according to a survey of chief executives by PwC released Monday.
At the same time, developments in fields ranging from barcodes to digital measurement tools are allowing companies to hire fewer workers and reduce the time it takes to bring their products to the market.
Brian Smoluch, a fund manager at the Portland, Oregon-based Hood River Small-Cap Growth fund (HRSMX.O), has been buying shares of Digimarc Corp (DMRC.O) because of its so-called invisible barcodes that speed up scanning of packages.
“If it takes a nanosecond to scan something, it allows a retailer to have fewer people at a checkout counter and makes self-checkout an easier proposition,” he said. That said, the $300 million market cap company is a “high-risk, high-reward stock” because its success depends on companies adopting its technology over rivals.
Eric Marshall, a fund manager at Dallas-based Hodges Capital, has been buying shares of digital measurement company FARO Technologies Inc (FARO.O) and kitchen equipment maker Middleby Corp (MIDD.O).
Faro, for instance, creates three-dimensional measuring tools used in aerospace and automotive manufacturing. Shares of the company are up 18.8 percent since Election Day, triple the 6.3 percent gain in the broad S&P 500 index.
Middleby, meanwhile, recently introduced robots which can prepare French fries as quickly as a human line cook, saving labor costs and improving reliability. Shares are up 12.8 percent since Election Day.
“As labor costs go up you're going to see more automated kitchens within fast-casual restaurants, and Middleby is one of the key innovators in that industry,” Marshall said.
MADE IN THE USA
Republicans are likely to push tax policies that provide incentives to manufacture goods in the United States, regardless how the work is done, analysts say.
Slideshow (2 Images)
The result could be that there are more goods made at home, without a significant reduction in the unemployment rate, which is currently at 4.7 percent as of December.
“There could be a manufacturing renaissance in this country, but most of the work will be done by automation, with current workers retained to do value-added functions,” said Nicholas Heymann, analyst at William Blair who covers General Electric and expects it to be a boon to the company's automation business.
For a graphic on Automation focused ETF vs the S&P 500 click here
KORN drummer Ray Luzier said in a new interview with the Las Vegas Sun that the band is working on a "really heavy and ruthless" follow-up to KORN's 2013 album "The Paradigm Shift" for a 2016 release. He said: "Everyone always likes to say this is the best record they've been working on, but I just came from the studio. We have a long way to go, but every time I hear it, I get chills. I love 'The Paradigm Shift', I'm a huge fan of that record, but I didn't get chills every time I heard that record. This I literally get goose bumps, and that's a great thing because that's what you want as an artist to get those kinds of feelings."
He continued: "Right now it's really heavy and ruthless, which is my favorite. Who knows what's going to happen later. Heavy is definitely a good word, but it's too early to tell everything right now, so I'll just leave it at that."
Asked how the synergy of the band has evolved over the nine years that he has been a member of KORN, Luzier responded: "We're in a much better place right now, we're all about it, it's all about families, it's all about music. There's no substance, there's nothing in the way, no drama. It's always been that way for me. I've never had any drug problems. It's always been about the music for me, so it's really important I play in a band like that."
KORN guitarist James "Munky" Shaffer said in a recent interview with Billboard that the band is about a third of the way through the writing process for its next CD. He said: "We went in, we wrote about 20 songs and about 10 of those we've kept and made better. So I think we're gonna need to go back in and write another batch of songs and then fine-tune those into maybe four, five really great songs. There's no rush, which feels great."
A producer has already been selected for KORN's 12th studio effort, but Shaffer said that the band "is gonna wait a couple more weeks before we announce that."
KORN guitarist Brian "Head" Welch said in a recent interview with "Do You Know Jack?" that the band's new music is "heavier than anyone's heard KORN in a long time… just the beginning stages are proof of that to me."
Welch added that touring with SLIPKNOT last year inspired KORN to get back to a heavier sound, saying, "I think it sparked and reminded everybody in the band what KORN started out to be."
KORN kicked off a fall North American tour on October 1 in Chicago. The band is performing its self-titled 1994 debut in its entirety at every stop, finishing up on October 30 in Oakland.
Ukraine's statement at the UN that ‘16,000 Russian soldiers had been deployed' across Crimea sparked a MSM feeding frenzy that steadfastly ignored any hard facts that got in their way.
Especially unwelcome is the fact that the so-called ‘invasion force' has been there for 15 years already.
The media many trusts described in hysterical tones how the Autonomous Republic of Crimea was under a full-scale Russian invasion with headlines like: “Ukraine says Russia sent 16,000 troops to Crimea”, “Ukraine crisis deepens as Russia sends more troops into Crimea,” as well as “What can Obama do about Russia's invasion of Crimea?”.
Facts, and ardent statements by top Russian diplomats were totally ignored by the western ‘war press'.
Russian UN Ambassador Vitaly Churkin pointed to the longstanding 25,000 troop allowance while FM Sergey Lavrov stressed the Russian military “strictly executes the agreements which stipulate the Russian fleet's presence in Ukraine, and follows the stance and claims coming from the legitimate authority in Ukraine and in this case the legitimate authority of the Autonomous Republic Crimea as well.”
So here they are, the facts:
1) A Russian naval presence in Crimea dates to 1783 when the port city of Sevastopol was founded by Russian Prince Grigory Potemkin. Crimea was part of Russia until Nikita Khruschev gave it to Ukraine in 1954.
2) In 1997, amid the wreckage of the USSR, Russia & Ukraine signed a Partition Treaty determining the fate of the military bases and vessels in Crimea. The deal sparked widespread officer ‘defections' to Russia and was ratified by the Russian & Ukrainian parliaments in 1999. Russia received 81.7 percent of the fleet's ships after paying the Ukrainian government US$526.5 million.
3) The deal allowed the Russian Black Sea Fleet to stay in Crimea until 2017. This was extended by another 25 years to 2042 with a 5-year extension option in 2010.
PHOTO: The oldest active ship in Russia Black Sea Fleet "The Commune" in service since...1915! http://t.co/J3PjG84ZLdpic.twitter.com/UKn5EE9BfP — RT (@RT_com) March 5, 2014
4) Moscow annually writes off $97.75 million of Kiev's debt for the right to use Ukrainian waters and radio frequencies, and to compensate for the Black Sea Fleet's environmental impact.
5) The Russian navy is allowed up to
- 25,000 troops,
- 24 artillery systems with a caliber smaller than 100 mm,
- 132 armored vehicles, and
- 22 military planes, on Crimean territory.
6)Five Russian naval units are stationed in the port city of Sevastopol, in compliance with the treaty:
- The 30th Surface Ship Division formed by the 11th Antisubmarine Ship Brigade. Comprises the Black Sea Fleet's flagship guard missile cruiser Moskva as well as Kerch, Ochakov, Smetlivy, Ladny, and Pytlivy vessels, and the 197th Landing Ship Brigade, consisting of seven large amphibious vessels;
- The 41st Missile Boat Brigade includes the 166th Fast Attack Craft Division, consisting of Bora and Samum hovercrafts as well as small missile ships Mirazh and Shtil, and 295th missile Boat Division;
- The 247th Separate Submarine Division, consisting of two diesel submarines – B-871 Alrosa and B-380 Svyatoy Knyaz Georgy;
- The 68th Harbor Defense Ship Brigade formed by 4 vessels of the 400th Antisubmarine Ship Battalion and 418 Mine Hunting Ship Division respectively.;
- The 422nd Separate Hydrographic Ship Division boasts the Cheleken, Stvor, Donuzlav and GS-402 survey vessels and hydrographic boats.
7) Russia has two airbases in Crimea, in Kacha and Gvardeysky.
8) Russian coastal forces in Ukraine consist of the 1096th Separate Anti-Aircraft Missile Regiment in Sevastopol and the 810th Marine Brigade, which hosts around 2,000 marines.
9) Russian naval units are permitted to implement security measures at their permanent post as well as during re-deployments in cooperation with Ukrainian forces, in accordance with Russia's armed forces procedures.
Authorities in the Ukrainian Autonomous Republic of Crimea – where over half the population is Russian – requested Moscow's assistance after the self-proclaimed government in Kiev introduced a law abolishing the use of languages other than Ukrainian in official circumstances.
Last week, Russia's Federation Council unanimously approved President Vladimir Putin's request to send the country's military forces to Ukraine to ensure peace and order in the region “until the socio-political situation in the country is stabilized.”
However, the final say about deploying troops lies with Putin, who hasn't yet made such a decision, stressing that deploying military force would be a last resort.
The errant actions of the C.I.A. are by now so evident that they are a staple of Washington conversion. Like the weather, though, it is the topic everybody talks about, but does nothing about.
The drone revelations, and the administration's stonewalling, that coincided with John Brennan's confirmation hearings created a stir. That incident struck a nerve because the White House looked ready to extend its claim to a right to kill Americans abroad to the domestic scene. The prospect of moves to bring the Agency to heal quickly died down once he made a vague promise to downsize the drone program. Moreover, no elected official voiced concern about the implications of killing lots of foreigners – even innocent civilians – as we are doing routinely in Afghanistan, Pakistan, Yemen and Somalia.
That may change. Now we have the graphic account of a maverick C.I.A. conducting its own clandestine war against the government of Pakistan without a stipulated authorization. And doing so in a ham-handed manner that helped to ruin whatever small chance remained of extricating ourselves from Afghanistan and neighboring frontier areas of Pakistan without leaving behind a dangerous chaos on both sides of the Durand Line. The detailed picture painted by two authoritative accounts of the notorious Raymond Davis affair, and its clamorous aftermath, provides us with a fine-grained view of studied ignorance and appalling incompetence among C.I.A. leaders in Langley and Islamabad (Mark Mazzetti's The Way of the Knife and Jeremy Scahill's Dirty Wars). It also describes National Security Council sessions for which ‘dysfunctional' would be a generous term. The slanging matches among cabinet members on matters of sensitivity and importance took place with an absent Commander in Chief failing to exercise the policy guidance and operational oversight that are his mandate as President.
Raymond Davis was at first a Blackwater hireling sent to Lahore where he was immediately given delicate espionage missions by the C.I.A.'s chief of station despite no knowledge of the country, no serious training nor supervision. Later, he seems to have been on both the Agency and the Pentagon's Special Operations Command (JSOC) payrolls. Davis was one of hundreds, of former military and espionage people who were shipped clandestinely to Pakistan as part of a campaign to identify and suppress any radical Islamist grouping we decided was a threat to the United States. That definition of ‘threat' was so loosely drawn as to cover dozens of purely Pakistani groups who had no presence in or evident intent to attack the United States. Declaring the Pakistani Army and, especially its Inter-Service Intelligence unit (ISI), as itself an enemy rather than a partner, the C.I.A. planned a massive intelligence operation against them. The aims and purposes of this audacious plan were never spelled out nor, apparently, were they ever the subject of a dedicated, scrupulous policy review by the White House. It could be considered a rogue operation except that President Obama gave it some sort of tacit endorsement of which there is no record.
Davis turned it into a diplomatic disaster. Using thin Consulate cover in Lahore, he set out on some murky mission directed against the home-grown Lakshar-e-Taibi group based in the Punjab, far from the Afghan border. It had an ambiguous relationship with the Pakistani authorities who both feared its popularity in fundamentalist circles and sought to coopt it. Whatever the particulars, Davis wound up shooting and killing two low level ISI agents on a motor scooter who had trailed him on his way to and from a meet. Then, a civilian was run down by a C.I.A. car sent to rescue him from an enraged crowd. Trailing him wasn't very difficult since he was in a big SUV packed with guns, ammo, spy equipment (including a make-up kit) and hung several official, if contradictory, credentials around his neck. He also had multiple passports of various vintage and identification.
This incident led to a noxious crisis that has poisoned US-Pakistan relations to this day – thanks to Washington's bellicose reaction. Spurning repeated Pakistani attempts to finesse the matter, Leon Panetta as C.I.A. Director refused to acknowledge Davis' true identity even in confidence to his counterpart, General Pasha, while issuing a barrage of threats against the Pakistani military leadership. He ran roughshod over the American Ambassador. Cameron Munter, who sensibly suggested ways to reach a modus vivendi. He insulted Hillary Clinton at a NSC meeting when she offered a few words in defense of Munter. His actions sparked massive anti-American riots across Pakistan. The accounts offered by Mazzelli and Scahill reveals Panetta, his senior deputies, and his chief of station in Pakistan as not knowing the most elementary facts about the Pakistani government, laws, judicial procedures or personalities. Or caring very much what they were.
When finally Davis was freed after intractable dealings concluding with Washington paying blood money to relatives of the victims before a Sharia court, Panetta got his revenge by launching a drone attack the next day in Northwest Pakistan that killed 40 people – women and children among them. Equally distressing, this episode starkly reveals a United States government flailing about blindly unsure as to what it is trying to accomplish on the basis of what strategic conception of national interests. It reveals as well an unaccountable C.I.A. whose incompetent conduct at times bordered on the comic, and an Agency staffed by hyper-active egoists at all levels – from Raymond Davis on up. This is an intelligence agency that contracts with the notorious Blackwater to sweep up former soldiers and spies who are then dispatched to alien places where they are enlisted in security operations with little preparation and less discipline. And paid more than $200,000 a head – privatization at work.
Davis, who some months after his eventual release, was convicted of unprovoked assault against a minister in a Denver parking lot, seems to have been vetted by no one. Thousands of people of his background have been recruited and deployed to perform sensitive assignments because the C.I.A., despite its huge resources, is overstretched as it chases could-be bad guys of various types across the globe. One wonders whether other Davis types were in Libya where their presence may have contributed to the tragic fiasco at Benghazi.
What we see is the portrait of a semi-autonomous agency, poorly led and allowed unjustifiable independence by an absentee president – an agency that has done grave damage to the security and well-being of the United States. Yet nothing is changing or is likely to change. William Brennan is a creature of the C.I.A. where he sent his entirely career on its operational side. Brennan is imbued with the passions of a true believer in an unlimited and largely unrestrained “war on terror.” He displays the gung-go enthusiasm of those who somehow believe that if you move fast enough, all accidents will occur behind you. In short, he is the embodiment of all that explains why the C.I.A. is now a national liability.
The valuable analytical work done at Langley by responsible professionals is not the problem. In that sphere, the worrisome feature is the intrusion into their work of policy-makers who let it be known what answers they want to validate what pre-conceived purposes.
What can be done to remedy this painful state of affairs? Obviously, the first step is to recognize the seriousness of the harm that has been done and how deeply rooted the causes are. Once that prerequisite is met, we can consider the following measures. One, remove from the Agency all means and power to use force. The C.I.A. has proven itself too prone to abuse, too lacking in judgment, and too impervious to political control to place weaponry in its hands. As additional example, the CIA is running its own army of Afghan recruits, the O-4 units, who were responsible for the killing of children in Kunar province last week. Plans call for them to stay after 2014. Two, the use of unconventional weaponry generally should be narrowly circumscribed as a matter of principle with any deviation from that norm requiring explicit presidential approval. Simply to transfer the means and methods from the C.I.A. to the Pentagon's JSOC under General McRaven is pointless in terms of practical effect. They are both reckless and literally out of control. Three, terminate the use of contract workers in combat or quasi-combat roles, and terminate their use by the C.I.A. and other intelligence agencies. The risks and costs are demonstrably enormous; the gain is invisible.
Finally, the time is long overdue for a systematic critical review of the GWOT in all its aspects. The United States no longer is killing people in Afghanistan and Pakistan in a hunt for al-Qaeda terrorists. We are killing them to prevent the Taliban and affiliates from challenging the ramshackle regime we have installed in Kabul and the pliable one we aim to install in Islamabad. In short, we created a monster that itself now a greater problem than the boundless ‘enemy' it supposedly is fighting.
It comes down to what you're trying to do and matching personnel to mission. If we aim to crush Islamic fundamentalism around the world; if we aim to root out terrorism around the world; if we aim to police the Congo jungles; if we aim to search out and destroy drug dealers around the world because American society produces drug addicts in droves; if we aim to tell everyone everywhere how to conduct their domestic affairs – then we need a magnitude and range of personnel far beyond anything we now have. Of course, constituting it will wreak the American economy – and we will fail ultimately on every front anyway.
Michael Brenner is a Professor of International Affairs at the University of Pittsburgh.
Here in the UK we're very proud of Tim Peake's atmosphere-busting trip to the International Space Station. It's not totally clear what makes him the first 'official' British astronaut, but still, space!
To follow Tim's journey, check out Destination Space, a beautiful site commissioned by The Happy Seven, built on Wagtail by our friends fffunction and funded by the European and UK Space Agencies, among others. They've made great use of Streamfield on the mission module pages, and I particular enjoy the little rocket animations on the top menu. Pew, pew!
NASA use Wagtail too. Open NASA is the front door for all the data, code and APIs that NASA are making available to developers, researchers and scientists. It's a large, rich site, with an active blog; we like the unusual graphic layout of the index page, which works well across desktop and mobile.
Finally, if all this extra-terrestrial talk has got you excited, and you have $80,000 burning a hole in your bitcoin wallet, you can book a flight on the Electron Rocket at book.rocketlabusa.com, another beautiful Wagtail site, this time by our favourite New Zealanders (and long-time Wagtail contributors) Springload. Most of the seats are already booked, but at the time of writing there are three single-unit places available in Q2 2018.
Are you a major space agency who isn't using Wagtail yet? Федеральное космическое агентство, I'm looking at you. Give us a call.
New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie (R) would not have let retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn near the White House if he were president, he said Monday.
“That's what I said. Yeah, because he's not my cup of tea,” Christie said when pressed by one reporter. “You know, if I were president I could decide who comes in and who doesn't.”
ADVERTISEMENT
President Trump appointed Flynn as national security adviser, but he was quickly ousted after it was revealed he misled Vice President Pence and other top officials about his meetings with Russia's U.S. ambassador. After his ousting, it was revealed that Flynn had worked as a foreign agent on behalf of Turkey.
Reports emerged last week that Trump urged then-FBI Director James Comey to "let go" of the bureau's investigation into Flynn, two months before Trump fired Comey.
Christie briefly led Trump's transition team in November before being replaced by Pence.
The governor previously said that he did not notice any “red flags” regarding Flynn, who is a former acting attorney general Sally Yates said had become vulnerable to blackmail by the Russians.
Christie on Monday said he and Flynn never had any conflicts, though in the past the governor has said he made Trump aware of their disagreements.
“Gen. Flynn and I never had any conflict of any kind, verbal, non verbal, metaphysical. None during any of those intelligence briefings,” Christie told the reporters.
Iran is behind a car bomb attack on Israeli officials in India as well as a thwarted attack in Tbilisi, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said on Monday, adding that Israel would continue to act against the international terror Iran produces.
Follow all the latest news on Haaretz.com'a official Facebook page
Netanyahu's comments came after a blast near Israel's New Delhi embassy left the wife of an Israeli diplomat moderately wounded.
The incidents on Monday come one day after the fourth anniversary of the assassination of Hezbollah's deputy leader, Imad Mughniyah, a killing the Islamist organization blames on Israel.
Speaking following the attack in India and the thwarted attack in Georgia, Netanyahu blamed recent attempts on Israeli officials abroad on "Iran and its client Hezbollah," saying that standing behind Monday's attacks is "Iran, the world's greatest exporter of terror."
"In the last few months we have witnessed several attempts to target Israeli citizens and Jews in a series of countries, such as Azerbaijan and Thailand. In all of these cases we were able to thwart these attacks in cooperation with local forces," Netanyahu said.
The premier culminated by saying that "the Israeli government and its security services will continue, with local security, to act against the international terror which Iran produces."
Earlier Monday, Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman said that Israel will not tolerate an attack on its officials abroad, saying that the "attacks against Israeli embassies abroad... just means that the State of Israel and its citizens face a daily threat of terror, both physical and diplomatic.
Benjamin Netanyahu attending a tree planting ceremony marking Israel's arbor day in the southern city of Beersheba February 8, 2012. Reuters
Read this article in Hebrew
Image copyright Facebook Image caption "White student unions" are being formed at US universities
Dozens of "White Student Union" pages have appeared on Facebook, claiming to represent white students at US universities. While many turned out to be hoaxes, some are run by real students hoping to tackle "anti-white belief" on campuses.
The first page created, "Illini White Student Union", was launched in response to a black student solidarity rally on 18 November, according to the University of Illinois' student paper.
The page described itself as "a new page for white students of University of Illinois" committed to working "against the terrorism (students) have been facing from Black Lives Matter activists on campus".
It reportedly asked students to send in photos of "anti-whites" who had taken part in the rally and was quickly removed by Facebook.
But the page started a trend, with at least 30 White Student Union pages appearing on Facebook. Many originated from a post the Daily Stormer, a white supremacist site "attempting to preserve Western Civilization".
The post called on readers to make pages for "various universities" in retaliation for the removal of the University of Illinois' page - even if they are not students.
Image copyright The Daily Stormer Image caption The website's editor told readers to create more White Student Union pages
Others are linked to a similar post on 4Chan, a bulletin-board site allowing users to comment anonymously.
The post encouraged people to create pages "at the most leftist colleges and universities in the western world" and has since been removed.
Fake photos
The University of Missouri's White Student Union page - which has now been removed - claimed the group had met on campus to raise money for Generation Identitaire, the youth wing of a French nativist movement, and Students for Western Civilization, a group that wants to "organize for and advance the interests of Western peoples".
But the photo it used - showing three girls dressed in pink shirts - was of three sorority members from a different university, raising money at a suicide-awareness bake sale.
Image copyright Facebook Image caption The photo showed three girls from Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority at Westminster College, Missouri
Jaynie Coffman, the sorority's PR administrator, was sent a link to the photo.
"I couldn't believe that this organisation used our picture for something so horrible. They edited our sorority letters off their shirts," she said.
"Our sorority is out there and associated with this group. If we weren't contacted about our image being used, it could have been on the internet for thousands of people to see without any explanation."
New York University administrators also condemned a White Student Union page created using the school's name, saying it had used the NYU logo "illegally and without permission".
Maria Josefina Saldana-Portillo, a professor at the university's School of Social and Cultural Analysis, called the page "a parody" aiming to "belittle the language of black student movements".
Image copyright Facebook Image caption One Facebook event called on students to "chant something inspiring on the way out"
'Anti-white abuse'
But while most of the pages are run by internet "trolls", some are managed by students looking to end "anti-white beliefs" on their campuses.
The BBC spoke to a number of them. While they asked to remain anonymous, they agreed to video chat and make contact using their university email addresses.
One student, known only as Ajay, runs the Iowa State White Student Union Facebook page. He says he started the page after experiencing racial discrimination on campus.
"When on campus I will attend rallies of different ethnic support groups to hear their message. A lot of time they tell me to leave because I'm just there to make fun of them, or tell me I will not understand because I have not experienced racism," he said.
The group held a meeting on campus, he added, and plans to contact the university's president to gain official recognition.
Image copyright Facebook Image caption Ajay says his page has only received positive feedback
While Harvard University's page has received more of a backlash, its admin insists its goals are the same.
Eric - not his real name - studies biology at the university. He created the page with two friends and hopes it will grow into an official union.
The group has met three times and consists of three members, "all white Europeans - although we have also coordinated with a Korean friend of mine," he says.
The group discussed how to gain official recognition on campus and tried to identify sympathetic professors.
Image copyright Harvard University White Student Union Image caption Eric posted a photo of his student ID on the page
Many ethnic minority students say the pages have made them feel unsafe on campus.
Rowa Mohamed, a student living in Canada, says a page using her university's name shared her information after she complained to officials.
"I feel unsafe walking alone on campus and I am always with others. Because they maintain their anonymity while harassing me, I never know who it could be," she said.
"I haven't been comfortable attending classes. It's really increased my anxiety and I've had to rely heavily on my friends of colour for comfort and protection on campus."
The page - which calls itself "Western White Student Union" - is thought to be one of the first in Canada. Others have also been reported in Australia.
Image copyright Twitter Image caption Ms Mohamed was harassed after she complained to her university about the page
Joanna Thompson, a lecturer at the University of Illinois' Department of Criminology, Law and Justice, says media depictions of black people as "violent animals" play a part in the creation of white student unions.
"Young people see so much these days, not just on the news but through social media," she said.
"If they are being bombarded by negative images of blacks, the fear could lead them to need a space where they feel safe and where they can regain that top spot on the racial hierarchy."
Comedienne Roseanne Barr jumped headlong this week into the tensions at UC Davis, tweeting that she hopes the Davis campus “gets nuked” after student senators overwhelmingly voted to seek UC divestment from Israeli-tied businesses and two Jewish student organizations suffered hate crimes last month.
Barr, best known for her 1980s and 1990s sitcom “Roseanne,” defended Israel on Twitter and took aim at student efforts at Davis and Stanford to seek university divestment from companies tied to the Middle East country.
Barr posted Tuesday night on Twitter, “I hope all the jews leave UC Davis & it then it gets nuked,” according to screenshots and retweets from other Twitter users, as well as The Electronic Intifada, a website that posts news on Palestine. Barr has since removed that tweet but retained a separate one with the hashtag “#nukeUCDavisJewHaters.”
Barr's Twitter page has since become a battleground with the 62-year-old comic lobbing rejoinders to obscene and anti-Semitic slurs directed at her. On Wednesday, Barr tweeted, “Proud to have spam blocked 25k Jew haters today! #UCDavisDivest toads.”
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Sacramento Bee
Barr's Twitter account has more than 271,500 followers.
UC Davis spokesman Andy Fell declined to respond beyond saying, “I think the tweets speak for themselves.”
Feelings have grown intense among the Muslim and Jewish communities on campus since the passage of an Associated student UCD Senate resolution calling on University of California regents to divest from corporations “that aid in the Israeli occupation of Palestine.” Two days later, swastikas appeared on the Jewish fraternity Alpha Epsilon Pi, though student and fraternity leaders have downplayed any connection between the divestment vote and hate crime.
Last week, Davis police launched a separate investigation into hate graffiti found inside a bathroom at the Hillel House, a prominent Jewish student organization. Authorities said a janitor found the words “grout out the Jews” etched into a wall, and police believe the incident occurred sometime Jan. 22-23.
While Barr's comments fueled another day of Internet chatter Wednesday, students and administrators at UC Davis tried to make sense of events at home and beyond.
More than 250 people gathered Wednesday night in front of the UCD student union for a candlelight vigil in memory of three Muslim students who were killed Tuesday in North Carolina. Authorities said the suspect was a neighbor angry about parking and noise issues, but they were investigating whether religious hate played a role, according to The Associated Press.
Security was high at the Davis event with the university dispatching several police officers and student security guards.
The event, sponsored by the UCD Muslim Student Association and the Council on American-Islamic Relations, began with a reading from the Quran. The Muslim students interviewed at the vigil expressed fear and despair, following the recent tensions on campus and especially in light of the North Carolina shooting deaths.
“Why is there so much intolerance?” asked Madina Omar, 25, a student at the UC Davis School of Law.
She called the UC Davis-related banter on social media “absolutely ridiculous.”
“It's just ignorance,” she said.
Rangeena Salim, president of the Muslim Student Association, said recent events on campus and nationwide have been tough for Muslim students.
The shooting “hit close to home,” Salim said. “The fact that they were Muslim students – it could have been any one of us. It strikes fear in you.”
On Friday, UC Davis Chancellor Linda P.B. Katehi, along with Jewish, Muslim and interfaith group leaders, signed a joint letter calling on the campus “to stand strong and united against intolerance and hatred of all forms.”
Naftali Moed, 20, is Jewish and a third-year student at UC Davis majoring in environmental policy analysis. He spoke by phone Wednesday about the tensions on campus and how they have become more challenging in recent days.
“It's a really difficult time for Jewish and Muslim students – everyone in the general community has been impacted to some extent. There was a lot of political tension that then reverberated into religious tension.”
Moed said one of the casualties of the recent tensions on campus has been the ability to focus on classwork whether Muslim or Jewish. Hateful posts on social media have also amplified students' fears on campus, Moed said.
He believes, though, that much of it is coming from outside UC Davis.
“The large extent of what we've been hearing has not come from the university but from outside,” he said. “It's completely shifted the conversation and it's made people feel unsafe – legitimately. It's interesting from a student perspective.”
He said without the outside influences, discussions of anti-Semitism, Islamophobia and divestment could all have been constructively discussed on campus, in classrooms and as he said “focused on students.”
“What I hope first of all is for tensions to calm down,” he said. “The people who started the divestment (movement) didn't have any foresight or intent of what's going on. It's hard for people to talk when emotions are so high.”
UC Davis administrators have been busy addressing the concerns from various campus entities. They have also faced a barrage of criticism online from external groups, including physical threats.
“External threats are really key,” said Adela de la Torre, vice chancellor of student affairs at UC Davis. “We monitor them.”
Asked about Barr's comments on Twitter, de la Torre said she was shocked to see such incendiary language.
“It was thoughtless and dehumanizing,” she said. “I cannot fathom. This is really tragic.”
This is the first part of a series talking about the approach flatpak takes to security and sandboxing.
First of all, a lot of people think of container technology like docker, rkt or systemd-nspawn when they think of linux sandboxing. However, flatpak is fundamentally different to these in that it is unprivileged.
What I mean is that all the above run as root, and to use them you either have to be root, or your access to it is equivalent to root. For instance, if you have access to the docker socket then you can get a full root shell with a command like:
docker run -t -i --privileged -v /:/host fedora chroot /host
Flatpak instead runs everything as the regular user. To do this it uses a project called bubblewrap which is like a super-powered version of chroot, only you don't have to be root to run it.
Bubblewrap can do more than just change the root, it lets you construct a custom filesystem mount tree for the process. Additionally it lets you create namespaces to further isolate things from the host. For instance if you use –unshare-pid then your process will not see any processes from outside the sandbox.
Now, chroot is a root-only operation. How can it be that bubblewrap lets you do the same thing but doesn't require root privileges? The answer is that it uses unprivileged user namespaces.
Inside such a user namespace you get a lot of capabilities that you don't have outside it, such as creating new bind mounts or calling chroot. However, in order to be allowed to use this you have to set up a few process limits. In particular you need to set a process flag called PR_SET_NO_NEW_PRIVS. This causes all forms of privilege escalation (like setuid) to be disabled, which means the normal ways to escape a chroot jail don't work.
Actually, I lied a bit above. We do use unprivileged user namespaces if we can, but many distributions disable them. The reason is that user namespaces open up a whole new attack surface against the kernel, allowing an unprivileged user access to lots of things that may not be perfectly adapted user access. For instance CVE-2016-3135 was a local root exploit which used a memory corruption in an iptables call. This is normally only accessible by root, but user namespaces made it user exploitable.
If user namespaces are disabled, bubblewrap can be built as a setuid helper instead. This still only lets you use the same features as before, and in many ways it is actually safer this way, because only a limited subset of the full functionality is exposed. For instance you cannot use bubblewrap to exploit the iptable bug above because it doesn't set up iptable (and if it did it wouldn't pass untrusted data to it).
Long story short, flatpak uses bubblewrap to create a filesystem namespace for the sandbox. This starts out with a tmpfs as the root filesystem, and in this we bind-mount read-only copies of the runtime on /usr and the application data on /app. Then we mount various system things like a minimal /dev, our own instance of /proc and symlinks into /usr from /lib and /bin. We also enable all the available namespaces so that the sandbox cannot see other processes/users or access the network.
On top of this we use seccomp to filter out syscalls that are risky. For instance ptrace, perf, and recursive use of namespaces, as well as weird network families like DECnet.
In order for the application to be able to write data anywhere we bind mount $HOME/.var/app/$APPID/ into the sandbox, but this is the only persistent writable location.
In this sandbox we then spawn the application (after having dropped all increased permissions). This is a very limited environment, and there isn't much the application can do. In the next part of this series we'll start looking into how things can be opened up to allow the app to do more.
Description
Most true to the coloration of the Dogecoin logo, the Shibe Mint is proud to introduce a 24kt gold plated physical Dogecoin, made of an ounce of pure copper. Impress your friends and family, be the first to have a gold plated Dogecoin, and show off your shibe pride. Common uses for the gold plated physical dogecoin: showing everyone how you have five different types of physical Dogecoins, displaying shibe pride, making a small pyramid, starting a conversation about dogecoin vis a vis the moon, making 50/50 type decisions, inspiration/luck, a gift for a Dogecoin enthusiast that would look like you spent more than you did, used as a heavy throwing weight for cardboard disc stacking games, attracting the right kind of potential mates.
Features:
Beautifully struck on a AVDP ounce of gold plated pure copper, where the plating occurs before the strike, to preserve the details
Each gold plated physical dogecoin comes encased in a solid plastic capsule.
Includes a numbered Certificate of Authenticity with Shibe Mint hologram
Each order includes a special gift
Denominated as 10 dogecoins
Limited Edition: The Shibe Mint will produce no more than 2500 of this product. Once they are gone, we will not make any more of this coin, and based on the amount of rejects we will never gold plate a pure copper coin again
We accept payment via DOGE, BTC, and Paypal (Paypal does take a credit card if you don't have Paypal).
In stock, orders ship 2-3 days after purchase.
For additional inquiries, or support, drop us a line at shibemint@gmail.com.
Since our initial coverage of the TSUBAME3.0 supercomputer yesterday, more details have come to light on this innovative project. Of particular interest is a new board design for NVLink-equipped Pascal P100 GPUs that will create another entrant to the space currently occupied by Nvidia's DGX-1 system, IBM's “Minsky” platform and the Supermicro SuperServer (1028GQ-TXR).
The press photo shared by Tokyo Tech revealed TSUBAME3.0 to be an HPE-branded SGI ICE supercomputer. The choice is not surprising considering that SGI has long held a strong presence in Japan. SGI Japan, the primary contractor here, has collaborated with Tokyo Tech on a brand-new board design that we've been told is destined for the HPE product line.
The board is first of its kind in employing Nvidia GPUs (four), NVLink processor interconnect technology, Intel processors (two) and the Intel Omni-Path Architecture (OPA) fabric. Four SXM2 P100s are configured into a hybrid mesh cube, making full use of the NVLink (1.0) interconnect to offer a large amount of memory bandwidth between the GPUs. As you can see in the figure on the right, each half the quad connects to its own PLX PCIe switch, which links to an Intel Xeon CPU. The PCIe switches also enable direct one-to-one connections between the GPUs and an Omni-Path link. A slide from a presentation shared by Tokyo Tech depicts how the hooks into the fabric.
TSUBAME3.0 will be comprised of 540 such nodes for a total of 2,160 SXM2 P100s and 1,080 Xeon E5-2680 V4 (14 core) CPUs.
At the rack level, 36 server blades house a total of 144 Pascals and 72 Xeons. The components are water cooled with an inlet water temperature a warm 32 degrees (C), for a PUE of 1.033. “That's lower than any other supercomputer I know,” commented Tokyo Tech Professor Satoshi Matsuoka, who is leading the design. (Here's a diagram of the entire cooling system.)
Each node also has 2TBs of NVMe SSD for I/O acceleration, totalling more than 1 petabyte for the entire system. It can be used locally, or aggregated on-the-fly with BGFS as an ad-hoc “Burst-Buffer” filesystem, Matsuoka told us.
The second-tier storage is composed of DDN's Exascalar technology, which uses controller integration to achieve a 15.9PB Lustre parallel file system in three racks.
With 15 SGI ICE XA racks and two network racks, TSUBAME3.0 delivers 12.2 petaflops of spec'd computational power within 20 racks (excluding the in-row chillers). This makes TSUBAME 3.0 the smallest >10 petaflops machine in the world, said Matsuoka, who offered for comparison the K computer (10.5 Linpack petaflops, 11.3 peak) which extends to 1,000 racks, a 66X delta.
Like TSUBAME2.0/2.5, the new system continues the endorsement of smart partitioning. “The TSUBAME3.0 node is ‘fat' but we want flexible partitioning,” said Matsuoka. “We will be using container technology as a default, being able to partition the nodes arbitrarily into pieces for flexible scheduling and achieving very high utilization. A job that uses only CPUs or just one GPU won't waste the remaining resources on the node.”
As we noted in our earlier coverage, total rated system performance is 12.15 double-precision petaflops, 24.3 single-precision petaflops and 47.2 half-precision petaflops, aka “AI-Petaflops.”
“Since we will keep TSUBAME2.5 and KFC alive, the combined ‘AI-capable' performances of the three machines will reach 65.8 petaflops, making it the biggest capacity infrastructure for ML/AI in Japan, or 6 times faster than the K-computer,” said Matsuoka.
At yesterday's press event in Japan, Professor Matsuoka also revealed that Tokyo Tech and the National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology (AIST) are going to open their joint “Open Innovation Laboratory” (OIL) next Monday, Feb. 20. Prof. Matsuoka will lead this organization and TSUBAME3.0 will be partially used for these joint efforts. The main resource of OIL will be an upcoming massive AI supercomputer, named “ABCI,” announced in late November (2016). So in some respects, TSUBAME3.0, with an operational target of summer 2017, will be a prototype machine to ABCI, which has a targeted installation of Q1 2018.
“Overall, I believe TSUBAME3.0 to be way above class compared to any supercomputers that exist, including the [other] GPU-based ones,” Professor Matsuoka told HPCwire. “There are not really any technical compromises, and thus the efficiency of the machine by every metric will be extremely good.”
Extrasolar planet
HD 209458 b, also given the nickname Osiris,[2] is an exoplanet that orbits the solar analog HD 209458 in the constellation Pegasus, some 159 light-years from the Solar System. The radius of the planet's orbit is 7 million kilometres, about 0.047 astronomical units, or one eighth the radius of Mercury's orbit. This small radius results in a year that are 3.5 Earth days long and an estimated surface temperature of about 1,000 °C (about 1,800 °F). Its mass is 220 times that of Earth (0.69 Jupiter masses) and its volume is some 2.5 times greater than that of Jupiter. The high mass and volume of HD 209458 b indicate that it is a gas giant.
HD 209458 b represents a number of milestones in extraplanetary research. It was the first of many categories:
a transiting extrasolar planet
the first planet detected through more than one method
an extrasolar planet known to have an atmosphere
an extrasolar planet observed to have an evaporating hydrogen atmosphere
an extrasolar planet found to have an atmosphere containing oxygen and carbon
one of the first two extrasolar planets to be directly observed spectroscopically
the first extrasolar gas giant to have its superstorm measured
the first planet to have its orbital speed measured, determining its mass directly.[3]
Based on the application of new, theoretical models, as of April 2007, it is alleged to be the first extrasolar planet found to have water vapor in its atmosphere.[4][5][6][7]
In July, 2014, NASA announced finding very dry atmospheres on HD 209458 b and two other exoplanets (HD 189733 b and WASP-12b) orbiting Sun-like stars.[8]
Detection and discovery [ edit ]
Transits [ edit ]
Spectroscopic studies first revealed the presence of a planet around HD 209458 on November 5, 1999. Astronomers had made careful photometric measurements of several stars known to be orbited by planets, in the hope that they might observe a dip in brightness caused by the transit of the planet across the star's face. This would require the planet's orbit to be inclined such that it would pass between the Earth and the star, and previously no transits had been detected.
Soon after the discovery, separate teams, one led by David Charbonneau including Timothy Brown and others, and the other by Gregory W. Henry, were able to detect a transit of the planet across the surface of the star making it the first known transiting extrasolar planet. On September 9 and 16, 1999, Charbonneau's team measured a 1.7% drop in HD 209458's brightness, which was attributed to the passage of the planet across the star. On November 8, Henry's team observed a partial transit, seeing only the ingress.[9] Initially unsure of their results, the Henry group decided to rush their results to publication after overhearing rumors that Charbonneau had successfully seen an entire transit in September. Papers from both teams were published simultaneously in the same issue of the Astrophysical Journal. Each transit lasts about three hours, during which the planet covers about 1.5% of the star's face.
The star had been observed many times by the Hipparcos satellite, which allowed astronomers to calculate the orbital period of HD 209458 b very accurately at 3.524736 days.[10]
Spectroscopic [ edit ]
Spectroscopic analysis had shown that the planet had a mass about 0.69 times that of Jupiter.[11] The occurrence of transits allowed astronomers to calculate the planet's radius, which had not been possible for any previously known exoplanet, and it turned out to have a radius some 35% larger than Jupiter's.
Direct detection [ edit ]
On March 22, 2005, NASA released news that infrared light from the planet had been measured by the Spitzer Space Telescope, the first ever direct detection of light from an extrasolar planet. This was done by subtracting the parent star's constant light and noting the difference as the planet transited in front of the star and was eclipsed behind it, providing a measure of the light from the planet itself. New measurements from this observation determined the planet's temperature as at least 750 °C (1300 °F). The circular orbit of HD 209458 b was also confirmed.
The transit of HD 209458 b.
Spectral observation [ edit ]
On February 21, 2007, NASA and Nature released news that HD 209458 b was one of the first two extrasolar planets to have their spectra directly observed, the other one being HD 189733 b.[12][13] This was long seen as the first mechanism by which extrasolar but non-sentient life forms could be searched for, by way of influence on a planet's atmosphere. A group of investigators led by Jeremy Richardson of NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center spectrally measured HD 209458 b's atmosphere in the range of 7.5 to 13.2 micrometres. The results defied theoretical expectations in several ways. The spectrum had been predicted to have a peak at 10 micrometres which would have indicated water vapor in the atmosphere, but such a peak was absent, indicating no detectable water vapor. Another unpredicted peak was observed at 9.65 micrometres, which the investigators attributed to clouds of silicate dust, a phenomenon not previously observed. Another unpredicted peak occurred at 7.78 micrometres, for which the investigators did not have an explanation. A separate team led by Mark Swain of the Jet Propulsion Laboratory reanalyzed the Richardson et al. data, and had not yet published their results when the Richardson et al. article came out, but made similar findings.
On 23 June 2010, astronomers announced they have measured a superstorm (with windspeeds of up to 7000 km/h) for the first time in the atmosphere of HD 209458 b.[14] The very high-precision observations done by ESO's Very Large Telescope and its powerful CRIRES spectrograph of carbon monoxide gas show that it is streaming at enormous speed from the extremely hot day side to the cooler night side of the planet. The observations also allow another exciting "first"—measuring the orbital speed of the exoplanet itself, providing a direct determination of its mass.[3]
Rotation [ edit ]
As of August 2008, the most recent calculation of HD 209458 b's Rossiter–McLaughlin effect and hence spin–orbit angle is −4.4 ± 1.4°.[15][16]
Physical characteristics [ edit ]
It had been previously hypothesized that hot Jupiters particularly close to their parent star should exhibit this kind[clarification needed] of inflation due to intense heating of their outer atmosphere. Tidal heating due to its orbit's eccentricity, which may have been more eccentric at formation, may also have played a role over the past billion years.[17]
Stratosphere and upper clouds [ edit ]
The atmosphere is at a pressure of one bar at an altitude of 1.29 Jupiter radii above the planet's center.[18]
Where the pressure is 33±5 millibars, the atmosphere is clear (probably hydrogen) and its Rayleigh effect is detectable. At that pressure the temperature is 2200±260 K.[18]
Observations by the orbiting Microvariability and Oscillations of STars telescope initially limited the planet's albedo (or reflectivity) below 0.3, making it a surprisingly dark object. (The geometric albedo has since been measured to be 0.038 ± 0.045.[19]) In comparison, Jupiter has a much higher albedo of 0.52. This would suggest that HD 209458 b's upper cloud deck is either made of less reflective material than is Jupiter's, or else has no clouds and Rayleigh-scatters incoming radiation like Earth's dark ocean.[20] Models since then have shown that between the top of its atmosphere and the hot, high pressure gas surrounding the mantle, there exists a stratosphere of cooler gas.[21][22] This implies an outer shell of dark, opaque, hot cloud; usually thought to consist of vanadium and titanium oxides like red dwarfs ("pM planets"), but other compounds like tholins cannot be ruled out yet.[22] A 2016 study indicates the high-altitude cloud cover is patchy with about 57 per cent coverage [23]. The Rayleigh-scattering heated hydrogen rests at the top of the stratosphere; the absorptive portion of the cloud deck floats above it at 25 millibars.[24]
Exosphere [ edit ]
Surrounding that level, on November 27, 2001, the Hubble Space Telescope detected sodium, the first planetary atmosphere outside the Solar System to be measured.[25] This detection was predicted by Sara Seager in late 2001.[26] The core of the sodium line runs from pressures of 50 millibars to a microbar.[27] This turns out to be about a third the amount of sodium at HD 189733 b.[28]
In 2003–4, astronomers used the Hubble Space Telescope Imaging Spectrograph to discover an enormous ellipsoidal envelope of hydrogen, carbon and oxygen around the planet that reaches 10,000 K. The hydrogen exosphere extends to a distance R H =3.1 R J , much larger than the planetary radius of 1.32 R J .[29] At this temperature and distance, the Maxwell–Boltzmann distribution of particle velocities gives rise to a significant 'tail' of atoms moving at speeds greater than the escape velocity. The planet is estimated to be losing about 100–500 million (1–5×108) kg of hydrogen per second. Analysis of the starlight passing through the envelope shows that the heavier carbon and oxygen atoms are being blown from the planet by the extreme "hydrodynamic drag" created by its evaporating hydrogen atmosphere. The hydrogen tail streaming from the planet is approximately 200,000 kilometres long, which is roughly equivalent to its diameter.
It is thought that this type of atmosphere loss may be common to all planets orbiting Sun-like stars closer than around 0.1 AU. HD 209458 b will not evaporate entirely, although it may have lost up to about 7% of its mass over its estimated lifetime of 5 billion years.[30] It may be possible that the planet's magnetic field may prevent this loss, because the exosphere would become ionized by the star, and the magnetic field would contain the ions from loss.[31]
Presumed atmospheric water vapor [ edit ]
On April 10, 2007, Travis Barman of the Lowell Observatory announced evidence that the atmosphere of HD 209458 b contained water vapor. Using a combination of previously published Hubble Space Telescope measurements and new theoretical models, Barman found strong evidence for water absorption in the planet's atmosphere.[4][32][33] His method modeled light passing directly through the atmosphere from the planet's star as the planet passed in front of it. However, this hypothesis is still being investigated for confirmation.
Barman drew on data and measurements taken by Heather Knutson, a student at Harvard University, from the Hubble Space Telescope, and applied new theoretical models to demonstrate the likelihood of water absorption in the atmosphere of the planet. The planet orbits its parent star every three and a half days, and each time it passes in front of its parent star, the atmospheric contents can be analyzed by examining how the atmosphere absorbs light passing from the star directly through the atmosphere in the direction of Earth.
According to a summary of the research, atmospheric water absorption in such an exoplanet renders it larger in appearance across one part of the infrared spectrum, compared to wavelengths in the visible spectrum. Barman took Knutson's Hubble data on HD 209458 b, applied to his theoretical model, and allegedly identified water absorption in the planet's atmosphere.
On April 24, the astronomer David Charbonneau, who led the team that made the Hubble observations, cautioned that the telescope itself may have introduced variations that caused the theoretical model to suggest the presence of water. He hoped that further observations would clear the matter up in the following months.[34] As of April 2007, further investigation is being conducted.
On October 20, 2009, researchers at JPL announced the discovery of water vapor, carbon dioxide, and methane in the atmosphere.[35][36]
Magnetic field [ edit ]
In 2014, a magnetic field around HD 209458 b was inferred from the way hydrogen was evaporating from the planet. It is the first (indirect) detection of a magnetic field on an exoplanet. The magnetic field is estimated to be about one tenth as strong as Jupiter's.[37][38]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Raoul Peck's “I Am Not Your Negro” is one of the finest documentaries I have ever seen. I would have stayed in the theater in New York to see the film again if the next showing had not been sold out. The newly released film powerfully illustrates, through James Baldwin's prophetic work, that the insanity now gripping the United States is an inevitable consequence of white Americans' steadfast failure to confront where they came from, who they are and the lies and myths they use to mask past and present crimes. Baldwin's only equal as a 20th century essayist is George Orwell. If you have not read Baldwin you probably do not fully understand America. Especially now.
To see a trailer for “I Am Not Your Negro,” click here. Click here for a longer version.
History “is not the past,” the film quotes Baldwin as saying. “History is the present. We carry our history with us. To think otherwise is criminal.”
The script is taken from Baldwin's notes, essays, interviews and letters, with some of the words delivered in Baldwin's voice from audio recordings and televised footage, some of them in readings by actor Samuel L. Jackson. But it is not, finally, the poetry and lyricism of Baldwin that make the film so moving. It is Peck's understanding of the core of Baldwin's message to the white race, a message that is vital to grasp as we struggle with an overt racist as president, mass incarceration, poverty gripping half the country and militarized police murdering unarmed black men and women in the streets of our cities.
Whiteness is a dangerous concept. It is not about skin color. It is not even about race. It is about the willful blindness used to justify white supremacy. It is about using moral rhetoric to defend exploitation, racism, mass murder, reigns of terror and the crimes of empire.
“The American Negro has the great advantage of having never believed the collection of myths to which white Americans cling: that their ancestors were all freedom-loving heroes, that they were born in the greatest country the world has ever seen, or that Americans are invincible in battle and wise in peace, that Americans have always dealt honorably with Mexicans and Indians and all other neighbors or inferiors, that American men are the world's most direct and virile, that American women are pure,” Baldwin wrote. “Negroes know far more about white Americans than that; it can almost be said, in fact, that they know about white Americans what parents—or, anyway, mothers—know about their children, and that they very often regard white Americans that way. And perhaps this attitude, held in spite of what they know and have endured, helps to explain why Negroes, on the whole, and until lately, have allowed themselves to feel so little hatred. The tendency has really been, insofar as this was possible, to dismiss white people as the slightly mad victims of their own brainwashing.”
America was founded on the genocidal slaughter of indigenous people and the holocaust of slavery. It was also founded on an imagined moral superiority and purity. The fact that dominance of others came, and still comes, from unrestrained acts of violence is washed out of the national narrative. The steadfast failure to face the truth, Baldwin warned, perpetuates a kind of collective psychosis. Unable to face the truth, white Americans stunt and destroy their capacity for self-reflection and self-criticism. They construct a world of dangerous, self-serving fantasy. Those who imbibe the myth of whiteness externalize evil—their own evil—onto their victims. Racism, Baldwin understood, is driven by moral bankruptcy, narcissism, an inner loneliness and latent guilt. Donald Trump and most of those around him exhibit all of these characteristics.
“If Americans were not so terrified of their private selves, they would never have needed to invent and could never have become so dependent on what they still call ‘the Negro problem,' ” Baldwin wrote. “This problem, which they invented in order to safeguard their purity, has made of them criminals and monsters, and it is destroying them; and this not from anything blacks may or may not be doing but because of the role a guilty and constricted white imagination has assigned to the blacks.”
“People pay for what they do, and, still more for what they allowed themselves to become,” Baldwin went on. “And they pay for it very simply by the lives they lead. The crucial thing, here, is that the sum of these individual abdications menaces life all over the world. For, in the generality, as social and moral and political and sexual entities, white Americans are probably the sickest and certainly the most dangerous people, of any color, to be found in the world today.”
Footage in the Peck documentary of past murder cases including the 1955 lynching of the 14-year-old Emmett Till is interspersed with the modern-day lynching of young black men such as Michael Brown and Freddie Gray. Images of white supremacist parades from the 1960s, with young men carrying signs proclaiming “Keep America White,” shift directly to footage of Ferguson, Mo. This juxtaposition is almost too much to bear. If it does not shake you to the core you have no heart and no understanding of who we are in America.
The film begins with Baldwin's 1957 return from France, where he had been living for almost a decade. He comes back to join the nascent civil rights movement. He was deeply disturbed by a photograph of Dorothy Counts, 15, surrounded by a mob of whites spitting and screaming racial slurs as she walked into a newly desegregated high school in Charlotte, N.C.
“I could simply no longer sit around Paris discussing the Algerian and the black American problem,” he said. “Everybody was paying their dues, and it was time I went home and paid mine.”
In short, he returned to the United States so that black children like Dorothy Counts would not have to walk alone through a sea of racial hatred. He spoke and participated in hundreds of events for the Congress of Racial Equality and the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee. Martin Luther King Jr.'s Southern Christian Leadership Conference, however, largely held him at arm's length. Baldwin was too independent and outspoken about the truth. His words made King's Northern white liberal supporters uncomfortable. Baldwin was supposed to speak at the 1963 March on Washington, but King and the other leaders of the march replaced him with the actor Burt Lancaster. Baldwin steadfastly refused to be anyone's “negro.”
Baldwin was, like Orwell, an astute critic of modern culture and how it justifies the crimes of racism and imperialism. In his book “The Devil Finds Work” he pits Hollywood's vision of race against the reality. The Peck documentary shows clips from films Baldwin critiqued in the book including “The Birth of a Nation” (a 1915 movie Baldwin called “an elaborate justification of mass murder”), “Dance, Fools, Dance” (1931), “The Monster Walks” (1932), “King Kong” (1933), “Imitation of Life” (1934), “They Won't Forget” (1937), “Stagecoach” (1939), “The Defiant Ones” (1958), “Lover Come Back” (1961), “A Raisin in the Sun” (1961) and “Guess Who's Coming to Dinner” (1967). In film after film Baldwin pointed to the ingrained racial stereotypes of African-Americans in popular culture that sustain the lie of whiteness.
Blacks were, and often still are, portrayed by mass culture as lazy and childlike, therefore needing white parental supervision and domination, or as menacing and violent sexual predators who needed to be eliminated. These Hollywood stereotypes, Baldwin knew, existed as foils for an imagined white purity, decency and innocence. They buttressed the myth of a nation devoted to the ideals of justice, liberty and democracy. The oppressed, because of their supposed character defects, were the architects of their own oppression. Oppression was for their own good. Racism was a form of benevolence. Baldwin warned that not facing these lies would see America consume itself.
In “The Devil Finds Work” Baldwin also wrote about the film “A Tale of Two Cities” (1935). He had read the novel by Charles Dickens “obsessively” as a boy to understand “the question of what it meant to be a nigger.” This novel and other novels he consumed, such as “Crime and Punishment,” spoke of the oppressed. He knew that the oppression of the characters in these stories had “something to do with my own.” The books “had something to tell me.” He wrote:
I was haunted, for example, by Alexandre Manette's document, in A Tale of Two Cities, describing the murder of a peasant boy—who, dying, speaks: “I say, we were so robbed, and hunted, and were made so poor, that our father told us it was a dreadful thing to bring a child into this world, and that what we should most pray for was that our women might be barren and our miserable race die out!” (“I had never before,” observes Dr. Manette, “seen the sense of being oppressed, bursting forth like a fire.”) Dickens has not seen it all. The wretched of the earth do not decide to become extinct, they resolve, on the contrary, to multiply: life is their only weapon against life, life is all that they have. This is why the dispossessed and starving will never be convinced (though some may be coerced) by the population-control programs of the civilized. I have watched the dispossessed and starving laboring in the fields which others own with their transistor radios at their ear, all day long: so they learn, for example, along with equally weighty matters, that the Pope, one of the heads of the civilized world, forbids to the civilized that abortion which is being, literally, forced on them, the wretched. The civilized have created the wretched quite coldly, and deliberately, and do not intend to change the status quo; are responsible for their slaughter and enslavement; rain down bombs on defenseless children whenever and wherever they decide that their “vital interests” are menaced, and think nothing of torturing a man to death; these people are not to be taken seriously when they speak of the “sanctity” of human life, or the “conscience” of the civilized world. There is a “sanctity” involved with bringing a child into this world: it is better than bombing one out of it. Dreadful indeed it is to see a starving child, but the answer to that is not to prevent the child's arrival but to restructure the world so that the child can live in it: so that the “vital interest” of the world becomes nothing less than the life of the child.
Nearly all African-Americans carry within them white blood, usually the result of white rape. White slaveholders routinely sold mixed-race children—their own children—into slavery. Baldwin knew the failure to acknowledge the melding of the black and white races that can be seen in nearly every African-American face, a melding that makes African-Americans literally the brothers and sisters of whites. African-Americans, Baldwin wrote, are the “bastard” children of white America. They constitute a peculiarly and uniquely American race. “The truth is this country does not know what to do with its black population,” he said. “Americans can't face the fact that I am flesh of their flesh.”
White supremacy is not defined, he wrote, by intelligence or virtue. The white race continues to dominate other races because it has always controlled the most efficient killing mechanisms on the planet. It used, and uses, its industrial weapons to carry out mass murder, genocide, subjugation and exploitation, whether on slave plantations, on the Trail of Tears, at Wounded Knee, in the Philippines and Vietnam, in cities such as Baltimore and Ferguson or in our endless wars across the Middle East.
The true credo of the white race is we have everything, and if you try to take any of it from us we will kill you. This is the essential meaning of whiteness. As the white race turns on itself in an age of diminishing resources it is in the vital interest of the white underclass to understand what its elites and its empire are actually about. These lies, Baldwin warned, will ultimately have fatal consequences for America.
“There are days, this is one of them, when you wonder what your role is in this country and what your future is in it,” Baldwin said. “How precisely you're going to reconcile yourself to your situation here and how you are going to communicate to the vast, heedless, unthinking, cruel white majority that you are here. I'm terrified at the moral apathy—the death of the heart—which is happening in my country. These people have deluded themselves for so long that they really don't think I'm human.”
-ADD: New guild building: Warehouse
-ADD: New party member mouse-over info box containing Cards, DPS and Progress
-ADD: New short audio clip sound when entering a duo/group challenge
-ADD: Woodcutting no longer brings you back to the forest map after completion, instead trees are auto-reslected
-ADD: Parties will now fall back if they fail to defeat a monster 3x in a row
-FIX: Crit Chance Boost should work properly now
-FIX: Rested time should update on the client properly now
-FIX: Improved Auto Reconnect
-FIX: Chat tab issues while in party should be rectified
-FIX: Bug showing incorrect 2nd pet
-FIX: No longer able to send empty codes which would break the code window
-FIX: Guild leadership will no longer pass to those who have been afk for >=7 days
-FIX: 10-30 card showing incorrect creature/name
-FIX: Guilds that are full should no longer show on the open guild listings
-FIX: Guild MOTD should now handle commas appropriately
-FIX: Challenges should now include inferno level on top of level 200 players
-FIX: Pet damage should now update on an inferno level up
-FIX: Treasures should no longer spawn unless the previous spawned monster was successfully killed
-FIX: Stamina will now increase by 5 per level just as mana does on Max upgrades
-BALANCE: Woodcutting/Mining now increase NRG at 1/10th the speed, but offer up to 10x the rewards!
NRG & Dynamite costs increased significantly for balance
-VISUAL: Regen Speed description should be slightly more clear
-VISUAL: Made 'reset' button in mining a little more clear/obvious
Around little-league parks, and even on the back fields of certain schools and organizations, you might hear a common refrain from the batting cages. “Chop wood, chop wood,” is how Bryce Harper mimics the coaches he's heard before. The idea is that a quick, direct path to the baseball — like an ax chop — is the best way to get quickly to the ball and create the backspin that fuels the power.
Turns out, pretty much all of that is wrong.
Where do you start with a thing like this? Let's start first with the idea that backspin is something hitters should be focusing on. It isn't.
“It works in batting practice,” laughed Evan Gattis when we talked about backspin. “It's great then.” Brandon Moss agreed. “In batting practice, backspun balls go forever, so you think that's the most efficient way to hit it,” Moss practically yelled. “I do not want backspin. I want my ball to go up, and I kind of want it to draw. That means I got behind it and stayed on it.”
There's science behind what they are saying, too. Alan Nathan studied the effect of batted ball spin on batted ball distance this year in a closed environment, and found very little effect of the spin on the distance. “There is remarkably little variation in fly-ball distance due to variation in spin, largely due to the increase of drag with increasing spin,” is how the paper summarized the effect. More spin means more drag and less distance.
But there's another reason that trying for backspin is a bad idea. Moss gets at it: “I don't like backspin because I'm clipping it, and if I'm clipping it, I'm in and out of the zone.” Gattis said something very similar. “You're going to cover more if you get your hands down to the zone first. You have to match that. You'd have to hit it so perfectly if you were chopping wood.”
Open it up, and you'll hear others say the same thing.
Bryce Harper: “If you look at the best swings in baseball, it's through the baseball as long as you can.”
J.D. Martinez: “I used to always think ‘hit down on the baseball' and after studying everyone's swings, I changed that, because that's not what other people are doing. They're doing what feels like an uppercut.”
Jimmy Rollins: “[The ax bat] makes you swing down like an ax. And that's isn't really a baseball swing. That's the difference between a bat and an ax — with the ax, there's one part, the blade, but with a bat, it's round. You can use any part of the bat to hit.”
Brandon Moss: “Don't chop wood. Terrible. It's a short swing, but it's a swing that takes absolute perfect timing. You have to be so precise. If you don't hit it right, you clip it. It's on the ground, or it's a foul out, or it's a backspun fly ball which goes nowhere. Match your shoulders and your hips with the barrel of the bat.”
Josh Donaldson: “Depending on the angle of the pitches, it's going to change the angle of how my body is going to be at impact. If I'm hitting a low pitch, to get it in the zone, I'm going to [have a lower back shoulder], and I'm going to be into my legs and matching it with my lower half.”
None of that sounds like chopping wood.
“The longer I can stay on the plane of that baseball, the better I'm going to be at hitting it,” said Brandon Moss finally to finish our conversation about chopping wood. And that's really the problem with it. If you're chopping wood, you're trying to get your bat to a single spot in space and time. If you concentrate instead on getting your hands down to the zone quickly, and then being level through the zone, you allow yourself more time to adjust to the changing path of the baseball.
“Sharp line drives”: that's what Evan Gattis wants. And you don't get that from chopping to the pitch and thinking about meaningless backspin.
Selling video subscriptions directly to consumers is hard — just ask Lionsgate.
The studio is in the process of winding down the consumer business of Comic-Con HQ, the niche video service it launched in cooperation with Comic-Con some 18 months ago. The studio will give up on selling subscriptions directly to consumers, and instead license existing Comic-Con HQ content to other platforms, Variety has learned from a source familiar with the transition.
Apps for the channel have already been removed from Google and Apple's app stores, but consumers have apparently not been notified yet. Some of Comic-Con HQ's content is expected to show up on ad-supported platforms like Tubi TV and Roku's recently launched Roku Channel, and Amazon will continue to sell Comic-Con HQ's catalog through its Channels video subscription platform.
Lionsgate launched Comic-Con HQ in May of 2016 with the goal of giving Comic-Con's rabid fan base their very own TV-like channel online. The channel hosted video from Comic-Con events as well as original scripted and unscripted content, including “Kings of Con,” a comedy series starring “Supernatural's” Richard Speight Jr. and Rob Benedict.
Related Jamie Lee Curtis on How 'Halloween' Intersects With #MeToo: 'Enough Is F—ing Enough' Lionsgate Earnings Top Wall Street Estimates, but Revenues Fall Short
However, in recent months, Comic-Con HQ gradually scaled down its content plans. The channel stopped producing original content, and also didn't add any of this year's Comic-Con panels to its catalog. Instead, Comic-Con HQ increasingly relied on movies from Lionsgate's catalog — something that didn't really go over well with its audience, judging from recent reviews of the channel on Amazon Channels.
Comic-Con HQ is just the latest in a number of exits or pivots among niche subscription video services. In recent months, NBC shut down its paid comedy service Seeso, Vessel sold and shuttered its short-form video service, and Verizon gave up on plans to launch a standalone paid AwesomenessTV service.
That being said, there are still more than 100 such niche services vying for consumers' eyeballs and dollars. Lionsgate is still running multiple paid video services as well, including its indie film-focused Tribeca Shortlist subscription service, its Laugh Out Loud comedy service and Pantaya, the Spanish-language movie service it launched together with Hemisphere Media this summer.
Only 23 percent of organizations are capable of responding effectively to a cyber incident. This leaves the remaining 77 percent often having to purchase support services after an incident has occurred.
This is among the findings of the latest Global Threat Intelligence Report from security company Solutionary. The report is made up of information from 24 security operations centers, seven R&D centers, 3.5 trillion logs, 6.2 billion attacks and nearly 8,000 security clients across six continents.
Among other findings are that spear phishing attacks accounted for approximately 17 percent of incident response activities supported in 2015. In many cases, these attacks targeted executives and finance personnel with the intent of tricking them into paying fraudulent invoices.
The retail sector experienced the most attacks per client, followed by the hospitality, leisure and entertainment sector, then insurance, government and manufacturing. While the finance sector showed the highest volume of attacks overall, on a per-client basis, retail clients experienced 2.7 times the number of attacks as finance.
The report also observes an 18 percent rise in malware detected for every industry other than education. Clients from the education sector tended to focus less on the more volatile student and guest networks, but malware for almost every other sector increased.
When looking at types of attack, the report shows almost 21 percent of vulnerabilities detected in client networks were more than three years years old. These included vulnerabilities from as far back as 1999, making them a startling 16 years or more old. DoS/DDoS attack volume fell by 39 percent from levels observed in 2014. Implementation of better mitigation tools, along with fewer attacks, combined for a drop in detections of DoS and DDoS activities. However, extortion based on the victim's paying to avoid or stop DDoS attacks became more common.
All of the top 10 vulnerabilities targeted by exploit kits during 2015 are related to Adobe Flash. This compares to 2013 when the top 10 vulnerabilities targeted by exploit kits included one Flash and eight Java vulnerabilities. New Java vulnerabilities have dropped steadily since 2013 while the number of publicized Flash vulnerabilities jumped by almost 312 percent over 2014 levels.
For more information on the findings you can download the full report from the Solutionary website.
Photo Credit: Vlue/Shutterstock
The Citroën Mehari - an new all-electric four-seat convertible - has been shown off at Geneva shortly before it goes on sale in France.
Described as being an "it car", Citroën says the e-Mehari is "stylish, confident, off-beat and even sassy," and is "designed to appeal to customers looking for an alternative vehicle with a positive outlook on life, attentive to trends and to the environment."
While similar in overall design to the Cactus M concept car launched at the Frankfurt motor show in September, the e-Mehari features an open-top design with muscular SUV-like bodywork. The ribbed sides are a nod to the original Mehari.
The e-Mehari uses a folding soft-top roof, which Citroën says can be used to cover the front, rear, sides or the whole vehicle. The rear bench can also be folded away for extra storage space.
The body of the e-Mehari is made from thermoformed plastic and will be available in a range of radical colours - including different paint schemes for the roof. The car can be hosed down inside and out.
Power for the e-Mehari is drawn from lithium metal polymer batteries, giving the e-Mehari a range of 124 miles in the city and a top speed of 68mph. Recharging takes eight hours through a charging station, or 13 hours by a domestic supply.
The e-Mehari will be built at PSA Peugeot-Citroën's plant in Rennes. The original car was sold as a 4x4 between 1979 and 1983.
Citroën was known to have been assessing reaction to a convertible version of the C4 Cactus with the Cactus M concept, and such a model is still understood to be part of the company's plans. Autocar revealed back in September that Citroën had applied for a trademark for the e-Mehari name, suggesting a successor to the iconic original was planned.
The Seattle NO
Liars or charmers? Decoding the maybespeak of Javatown
Amie Ryan Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 18, 2013
If you ever plan to visit Seattle or interact in any way with someone from the Pacific Northwest, it might be helpful to learn about the Seattle NO. In Seattle, for whatever reason, people shy away from directly expressing a No in any situation. Those of you not from the area may be confused: how can someone avoid saying No?
Well, it's tricky. Often we mean No and whatever we do say instead of No, we assume the listener knows that what we mean is NO. If you invite someone from Seattle to an event and they respond, “Hmm yeah that sounds interesting, I'll have to check,” that means NO. If they say “Maybe” and then you don't hear from them for a while, that means NO. If they say “I don't know” that means NO.
It should be noted, sometimes any of these responses may actually mean that they have to check or maybe or that they don't know and any of these responses could conceivably lead to an eventual Yes. Except usually what they mean is NO.
So why don't they just say NO? I have no idea. Since I'm from Seattle, I've been hearing this response and giving it myself my whole life and had never thought twice about it. When, last year, a friend mentioned the term ‘Seattle No' to me, I was intrigued. “It's our passive aggressive way of saying No”, he claimed. According to my friend, when we feel NO we mean it just as much as someone from Chicago or New York City, but if you went to those places, those people would be direct about it. They'd just say NO.
His theory was that in Seattle, no matter how much we truly want to say NO, we worry what other people will think of us if we say the word. We want to live NO without being held accountable for choosing NO. We want it both ways. Apparently we as a region have decided that really good people say Yes to everything and that saying NO to anything would be a social gaffe along the lines of spilling soup down one's chin.
He had moved to Seattle at age eight, that's how he so keenly spotted the difference.
At first I wanted to argue the point, but then realized he was right. Once he had pointed it out, I could think of numerous times I'd done the Seattle NO and that I'd heard everyone I know do it as well. I wondered if avoiding a direct NO meant we were polite or just sketchy.
And it isn't like people in Seattle agree on everything or never question anything. God no. We love to make a fuss, over things both big and small. We debate over coffee, on the sidewalk, and in our classrooms. We like to talk and do a lot of it. People running for office in Seattle get to hear a lot of people talking, and they're expected to listen to everyone.
We have opinions. Sometimes these opinions get translated into laws and sometimes those laws seem so smart that other states duplicate them. We are passionately for some things and against others. On ballots, we check the box we mean.
Just don't ask us a yes or no question. If you do, you'll hear an iffy sounding answer that will leave you confused. If we answer at all. We may just let you leave a message and then we won't return it because we'll suddenly be busy. Or the phone must not have worked. Or something. Why, we'll tell five or six white lies before ever admitting that we just wanted to say NO to begin with.
So are people from Seattle great big liars? No, not really. You see, we expect the listener to understand we're saying NO. When people seem confused and confront someone here, claiming they were somehow led on, we are quick to defend ourselves: “What I said was I'm not sure. I never said Yes.”
In fact, it's seen as a social gaffe (again, like spilling your soup) to not recognize a Seattle NO when you hear one. Asking someone the same question a second time is seen as tacky, in bad form. It's putting the other person in an uncomfortable position where they might have to be slightly less vague and possibly hurt your feelings. That's what they were trying to avoid in the first place.
In other words, you may not hear the word NO, but if you hear any combination of vague terms that doesn't include the word Yes, you should take it as a NO.
That should be right in the visitor's guide, if you ask me.
Why should we care so much what people think? We aren't sure. The best way I can think to explain it is that we believe, somewhere deep down, that if we just directly say NO we will appear not unlike Robert DeNiro in Taxi Driver saying “you talkin' to me?”. And while we may love Robert DeNiro, we don't want to come off like Travis Bickle.
thin privilege is not being told by your family that you should lose weight first before you consider having a child. It's also not needing to worry about being stared at while you walk past strangers, some of whom would be considered an “unacceptable weight”.
thin privilege is also not having to worry about what or how you eat in front of others. if you're thin you can eat as much as you want because you won't gain weight, you have a naturally high metabolism so you're fine. if you're considered fat you get stared at the way that you eat, its evidence that your weight is your fault because of what you put in it. thin privilege is not calling yourself a fat-ass when you eat a meal. it means not having to hear “don't you think you've had enough?” it means not having to constantly be on a diet.
thin privilege is not having to hear your doctor comment on your weight EVERY time you visit, even though you may just be a few pounds overweight.
thin privilege is not having to say “shemay be overweight but she's still beautiful!”. beauty should not have a direct correlation with weight.
thin privilege is not needing to be extremely complimented when you lose some weight, or criticized for gaining weight.
thin privilege is not feeling guilty with every bite that you eat.
Written By: BLiP - Date published: 9:00 am, March 26th, 2015 - 109 comments
Categories: Abuse of power, accountability, Dirty Politics, Ethics, john key, Maori Issues, national, Politics - Tags: john key, lies, Media
‘
He's been a busy lad, that John Key. Lying pretty much non-stop during the 2014 election campaign with his “left wing conspiracy” mantra, he's slowed down a bit since polling day on 20 September, settling into a more sedate but steady pace. Stretching from the very serious to the utterly ridiculous, his recent lies cover a wide selection of topics ranging from the Independent Republic of Northland to the urgent need for new terrorism laws.
The prime ministerial cascade of mendacity was made all the more apparent by the orchestrated attempt of some of his senior ministers late last year to foster the meme that John Key was “the most transparent Prime Minister New Zealand has ever had”. Sure, he's transparent alright, but not in the way they were suggesting. Their tactic was a direct copy of the meme-injection by Barack Obama's crew but, surprise surprise, it didn't really take hold here. Part of the problem was how every time the phrase was used, say, half a dozen times, John Key told another lie. The lies which killed off the meme quickest were those concerning his on-again off-again bromance with Cameron Slater. The Prime Ministerial performance-art perfidy over his admissions, then denials, about National Ltd™'s handling of OIA requests didn't help either.
Among the more serious lies were those involved in the softening up of the public prior to his compliance with Barack Obama's instructions to send Kiwi troops to the Middle East slaughter-fest. The utter contempt shown to New Zealanders regarding the “rolling-maul” GCSB spying issue and involving his calculated use of malicious lies to smear messengers of inconvenient truth has been unforgivable. John Key's contempt extends also into Parliament. His point blank denial of his government's own figures concerning the level of emissions into the environment is a good example of this. Ably assisted with typical partisan and belligerent air-cover from The Speaker, it was a breeze for the Prime Minister to mislead The House. Again. Of note, his promise to resign if it is found that the GCSB carries out mass surveillance was only exposed recently but actually goes back to August 20, 2013 so isn't included in this update.
The most egregious aspect is not so much any specific lie but, rather, the sheer banality of the now firmly embedded practise of lying. Because most National Ltd™ voters really don't care that they are lied to by their Prime Minister and because the MSM is something of a fellow-traveler in the land of deceit, John Key has been able to get away with it largely unscathed for more than six years. Disappointingly, several of the young and impressionable National Ltd™ Ministers have aspired to his propensity for prevarication. The result is that now, in his third term, John Key has effectively surrounded himself with a posse of adoring and sniggering enablers. Simon Bridges is a good example, but still something of an amateur. His attempts to cover for John Key in the House yesterday lacked his master's diligence, the performance even raising the ire of the usually benevolent Speaker. Bridges eventually faltered into his more innate privileged prat petulance. Bridges is a trier, though, so he'll get there. I reckon it will be the likes of him and his cozening cohort which will be John Key's eventual legacy to Parliament.
After a while, collectors of John Key's lies do tend to become somewhat inured and can't be blamed for opting every now and then to laugh rather than cry. High on the lulz-scale for pure crazy was the lie that the Greens are responsible for the rise in income inequality in New Zealand. Then there was the one about how Labour's approach to dealing with Treaty issues would lead to Northland becoming an independent republic. John Key's understanding of Treaty issues was further highlighted with his statement that New Zealand was one of the very few countries in the world to have been peacefully settled. Most hilarious, because of his manufactured reputation as some great financial whizz kid, was the one about how much GST was payable on a $1.29 item. Working out percentages is obviously not John Key's forte, which is why, I guess, Nigel Morrison loves him so much.
Anyhow, here's John Key's List Of Lies since the 2014 election. I'm sure there's a few missing and probably a few more still to come to light for this period. As always, any checking of links and/or refutations and/or suggested additions are more than welcome.
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
COLUMBUS, Ohio -- Some thoughts on Ohio State quarterbacks Cardale Jones and J.T. Barrett after taking a closer look at the numbers.
* The complete numbers on Jones and Barrett
1. A lot of cleveland.com readers were unhappy last week when Urban Meyer named Cardale Jones the starting quarterback. We asked if that was the right decision, and nearly 64 percent of you said no.
That was before the Western Michigan game, so maybe some minds have changed. Meyer's rationale for starting Jones is that he gives Ohio State a better chance to win games, and J.T. Barrett hadn't done enough to beat him out.
We give you the complete quarterback numbers every week, but I wanted to take a closer look to see if anything sticks out that shows why Jones is the right choice.
Here's a big one: Jones has been much better on third down.
The Buckeyes overall are 64th in the nation in third-down conversions, but Jones has actually been pretty good. He's 12-for-20 (60 percent) for 144 yards and two interceptions on third down. Obviously the two picks stick out, but the numbers on third down are much better than Barrett's.
Barrett is 2-for-8 for two yards on third down.
To break that down differently: Jones has a 100.48 passer rating on third down, Barrett's is 27.1.
2. Sticking with quarterback rating, things still aren't that good. Even with the game Jones had last week.
Combining both quarterback's statistics, the Buckeyes are 66-for-117 for 815 yards, six touchdowns and six interceptions. That's a quarterback rating of 121.59, which would put one quarterback with those numbers 92nd in the country in quarterback rating.
That's right between Florida Atlantic's Jaquez Johnson and Oregon State's Seth Collins.
Overall, Jones has been the higher rated quarterback with a 129.68 rating, compared to Barrett's 104.77.
3. Some of the calls for Barrett have been because he's considered a better runner than Jones, and the quarterback run is an important enough piece of Ohio State's offense that running ability should be part of the consideration when naming a starter.
Barrett has six carries for 64 yards in limited time, Jones has 31 carries for 147 yards.
The thing you get with Barrett is maybe's he's able to avoid pressure a little better with his feet, though Jones has proven difficult to bring down in the pocket. That's part of the reason Barrett hasn't been sacked, and Jones has been sacked three times.
But Jones has been good in the run game. He's rushed for 128 yards on 16 designed runs, averaging eight yards per carry.
That's not as good as Barrett, who's averaging 13.8 yards per carry on designed runs, but remember that a big chunk of that came on one 40-yard run in the final moments of the opener against Virginia Tech.
4. Ohio State needs to use Jones a little differently. You might have noticed some plays that have Jones rolling out to throw. I've written before about how I don't like that because the defense then only has to defend one side of the field.
Outside of the pocket, whether under pressure or designed roll-outs, Jones is 3-for-13 for 123 yards, two touchdowns and two interceptions.
Jones had a good one last week, rolling right and using his legs to hold a defender in place before dumping off a pass to Nick Vannett that went for a first down. But more often than not, those are plays where Jones usually throws the ball out of bounds because he's either pressured, or can't find the open guy.
5. It's no secret that Ohio State likes to use the perimeter, that's in both the run game and the passing game. That's why 84 of the Buckeyes' 118 total pass attempts (that includes the jet sweep that Braxton Miller "threw"), have been to the outside of the field.
But you have to be able to throw over the middle of the field to keep defenses honest, or if that's what they're giving you.
Jones has been better.
He's 7-for-15 for 192 yards, two touchdowns and one interception over the middle of the field. Barrett is 2-for-6 for 29 yards and one interception.
By John Upton
Ever noticed that your car's windshield is smattered with fewer bugs after long country drives than used to be the case? That's good news for gas-station squeegee duties — but it's foul news for the planet.
The world's bug populations are crashing faster than a swarm of mosquitoes into a backwater bug zapper. And that has reverberating yet little-understood consequences for the species and ecosystems that rely on insects for food, pollination, pest control, nutrient cycling, and decomposition.
A Science paper dealing with the planet's sixth great extinction, underway since 1500, warns that invertebrate species are faring even worse than vertebrates. Two-thirds of monitored bug populations have declined by an average of 45 percent. Their habitat is being destroyed, and they are being drenched with agricultural insecticides.
The July 25 paper was penned by an international team of researchers led by Stanford University's Rodolfo Dirzo following an exhaustive literature review. The following chart from the paper shows the percentage of species of insects in the orders Coleoptera, Hymenoptera, Lepidoptera, and Odonata that have declined by as much as 40 percent (shown in dark red) during just the past four decades.
The next chart also includes data on Orthoptera, which includes grasshoppers and crickets.
Vertebrate populations, meanwhile, have fallen by an average of a quarter, the researchers found. The largest of these species are faring the worst.
“In the past 500 years, humans have triggered a wave of extinction, threat, and local population declines that may be comparable in both rate and magnitude with the five previous mass extinctions of Earth's history,” the researchers wrote in the paper. “This recent pulse of animal loss, hereafter referred to as the Anthropocene defaunation, is not only a conspicuous consequence of human impacts on the planet but also a primary driver of global environmental change in its own right.”
The problem of creepy-crawly declines could be worse than anybody realizes. Unlike charismatic mammals, very few invertebrate species, including lowly centipedes, slugs, spiders, and worms, come under the trained eyes of scientists or conservationists. Fewer than 1 percent of the 1.4 million described species of invertebrates have been assessed for threats by the International Union for Conservation of Nature, which maintains the Red List of Threatened Species. Of those few species that have been assessed, 40 percent were found to be threatened.
Lepidoptera, which includes butterflies, moths, and of course their caterpillar larval stages, are the best studied and monitored order of insects, and evidence suggests that their abundance has fallen by 35 percent worldwide. Lepidopteran species richness is nearly 8 times greater in undisturbed sites than in developed areas, and abundance appears to be 60 percent higher on average in near-pristine environments than elsewhere.
As bad as that might be, it appears that these plant-munchers, which metamorphose into nectar-sucking plant pollinators, are faring far better than lesser-studied orders of insects.
Snails and their shell-less terrestrial gastropod mollusk cousins, the slugs, by sticky contrast, are among the least-well studied. These species may seem like mere pests to many gardeners, but they help break down organic material and they provide food for larger animals. Grasping how slug and snail populations are coping with the defaunation of the Anthropocene relies right now on little more than educated guesswork.
“We mentioned slugs as a point of reference regarding the fact that many groups of invertebrates have been very poorly studied in rigorous, quantitative ways and over long, consistent periods,” Dirzo told us.
“Given the fact that at least some species of terrestrial mollusks seem to do well in disturbed areas, I suspect several of them might not be so severely impacted and might be thriving,” Dirzo said. Then again, he added, “given their strong dependence on moist, relatively mild-to-cool habitats, climate disruption might have a strong, negative impact on them.”
In September of 2014, Fern Mallis sat down with Bill Cunningham as part of her "Fashion Icons" series at 92Y in New York City. These talks are rarely made available in full; those unable to attend are forced to rely on reports made from members of the press invited to cover the event.
In honor of the late Cunningham, 92Y has made his entire talk available through Sunday, July 3 at 9 p.m. If you have a spare hour and 45 minutes this holiday weekend, this is a can't-miss opportunity to hear about Cunningham's life and career, and thoughts on the fashion industry today. I've covered many of these talks myself, and while they are all memorable, Cunningham's was the one that touched me the most; any person who follows the industry should absolutely make time to tune in over the next few days. He will be greatly missed.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
UPDATE: Due to demand, access to the talk has been extended through midnight July 8. Don't miss out.
Sign up for our daily newsletter and get the latest industry news in your inbox every day.
Homepage photo: Getty Images
Figure 3
Genome comparison of 71 P. acnes strains showed that the genomes of RT4 and RT5 are distinct from others. Two chromosomal regions, loci 1 and 2, are unique to clade IA-2 and one other genome HL086PA1. Clade IA-2 consists of mainly RT4 and RT5 that were highly enriched in acne. The presence of a plasmid (locus 3) is also characteristic of RT4 and RT5. Each row represents a P. acnes genome colored according to the ribotypes. Rows are ordered by the phylogeny calculated based on the SNPs in the P. acnes core genome. Only the topology is shown. The clades were named based on their recA types (IA, IB and II). Columns represent predicted open reading frames (ORFs) in the genomes and are ordered by ORF positions along the finished genome HL096PA1, which encodes a 55 Kb plasmid. Only the first 300 ORFs on the chromosome (on the left) and all the ORFs on the plasmid (on the right) are shown. The colored plasmid regions represent genes on contigs that match exclusively to the HL096PA1 plasmid region. The genes that fall on contigs that clearly extend beyond the plasmid region are likely to be chromosomally located and are colored in grey. Acne index for the ribotypes was calculated based on the percentage of clones of each ribotype found in acne as shown in column 5 in .
EuroFootball/Getty Images
A huge crisis is shaking the very foundations of football in Croatia. After Hajduk Split refused to play in the national derby against their bitter rivals, Dinamo Zagreb, the future of the league—and the federation—has been put into question.
Nothing like it has ever been seen in these parts. As football fans sat down in front of their TV sets last weekend to watch the game, they could notice that the Maksimir Stadium in Zagreb was almost empty. There were no more than 1,000 people in the stands.
That in itself was not so strange—meager crowds are unfortunately a common sight at Dinamo home matches these days. But this was the Derby, the biggest game in Croatian football, which used to be a magnet for both sets of fans.
Even if it had lost much of its allure in recent years, there were supposed to be more than 2,000 travelling Hajduk fans alone, according to previous media reports.
And yet, apart from the stadium security and stewards, there wasn't a single soul in the away end.
Then things got surreal. Dinamo players took to the pitch, they shook hands with match officials and lined up to observe a minute of silence, because it was the anniversary of the Fall of Vukovar, a tragic event from the Homeland War.
They stood there—steady, silent and alone—only accentuating the absurd drama of the moment.
Their opponents never came out of the locker room. As Dinamo proceeded with team practice instead of playing the game, Hajduk were already on their way down south and back to Split, where—as we would soon find out—preparations for a homecoming party had already started. Later that day, the team would be greeted by 8,000 supporters in their Poljud Stadium, lighting flares, singing and jumping as if they've just been brought a trophy, or at least an away win against Dinamo.
The story of what happened prior to the kick-off that never was soon unfolded.
Some travelling Hajduk fans were denied (personalized) tickets because they were on some sort of “black list.” Others—a majority of them, as it turned out—were held up by the police on the other side of the city.
The Torcida, as Hajduk supporters are collectively known, is a well-organized group. When it became clear that some of its members couldn't get into the stadium although they didn't have a police record (at least not one that they knew of), the word spread quickly and the rest refused to enter the ground, returning their tickets instead.
Those guarded by the police were promptly contacted and told not to come, because everyone was going back home to Split.
And then the team decided they wouldn't play the game.
“Hajduk is a people's club. We are a club of our members, our fans, and it's our duty to stand by them—like they always stand by our team,” says Hajduk chairman, Marin Brbic. “What happened in Zagreb was the last drop and we had to say that that was enough. But we all know it wasn't just about this. We've been systematically targeted for a long time, because Croatian football is set up to serve one club and one man—that club is Dinamo, and that man is Zdravko Mamic.”
Brbic feels that Mamic, Dinamo Zagreb's chief executive, holds all the power within the Croatian Football Federation, with Hajduk being disfranchised. He believes the CFF has double standards when it comes to the nation's other “big” club.
A vast majority of supporters share this view, because Hajduk has no representation in the key bodies of the federation or the league. To add to that, evidence shows that Hajduk fans have been sanctioned more severely than others for similar offences, like fans lightning flares and chanting insulting slogans aimed at the CFF and Mamic.
Whereas other clubs get away with small fines, Hajduk regularly have to pay bigger sums and have recently been given a one-match crowd ban just after serving a previous two-match punishment—for something that took place in an away game.
But it's not just Hajduk fans who are complaining. In every league match that attracts at least a half-decent crowd, you will hear the same chants.
When the Croatian national team played Italy in Milan earlier this month, their supporters stopped the game twice by throwing flares and chanting those slogans. While there can be no justification for that kind of behaviour, it's important to note that it wasn't just a random act of mindless hooliganism. It was a planned cry for attention to problems within the CFF and a message to its leaders.
Claudio Villa/Getty Images
Ironically, Dinamo fans are the ones who have been most systematically oppressed.
Ticketing at their stadium has been personalized, supposedly in a bid to prevent violence in the stands. But a controversial section of the law enables clubs to work with the police—or even act on it themselves—in banning anyone they label as “troublemakers.”
Dinamo have an ever-expanding “black list” of their own supporters, and protesting against the boss, Zdravko Mamic, is enough to get your name on it.
Thomas Bauer, co-owner of a Zagreb-based advertising agency, says there may now be around 2,000 “blacklisted” Dinamo fans.
He is one of them.
Earlier this month, the club decided to ban the entire section of the stadium where people chanted and demanded from Mamic to leave: Bauer was there, and now he can't get into the ground he has called his second home since the 1980s.
Other fans showed solidarity with those who had been banned, and they don't come anymore, either. Many more have simply become estranged with Dinamo under Mamic. “Too much is being written about Hajduk now,” says Bauer. “And too little about the fact that Zagreb is boycotting Dinamo.”
So some of the travelling Hajduk supporters have been blacklisted as well at the Maksimir Stadium. Then the rest of the group refused to enter and the team backed them, deciding they won't play the game without their supporters. They all acted as one, which came as a shock to others, especially to the people at the federation.
The paradox of the whole situation lies in the fact that Hajduk are a joint stock company, whereas Dinamo are a citizens' association that receives public funding and should offer all of its members the right to elect and be elected.
But even though the majority of Hajduk shares is still owned by the City of Split, it's the members who elect the Board and they have a significant say in club affairs. Dinamo, on the other hand, have one boss—Zdravko Mamic—who decides on everything and uses various bureaucratic trickery to prevent free club elections, although almost 50,000 people signed a petition demanding them.
The “Zajedno za Dinamo” (Together for Dinamo) initiative, which campaigns for member-based democracy at the club, publicly stated its support to Hajduk for refusing to play in the Derby.
Other league clubs are divided in their views, but everyone acknowledges there are deeper problems in Croatian football, reflecting wider issues in the nation that is still struggling with economic recession, high unemployment rates and an ongoing political crisis.
EuroFootball/Getty Images
The federation has been plagued by various high-profile scandals in recent times, including corruption in the referees' organization, convictions for match-fixing and even a physical attack on the Hajduk chairman by a highly ranked CFF official.
All that discontent has been boiling among fans for a long time; regardless of whether they support Hajduk in their refusal to play or not, the prevalent opinion is that things have gone too far. It's impossible to ignore problems and expect football to just normally continue in Croatia.
It would seem that federation leaders acknowledge that as well. Instead of just hitting Hajduk with another set of sanctions (apart from registering the cancelled match 3-0 to Dinamo and ordering Hajduk to reimburse their rival for the cost of the organisation), they first invited Brbic to a “constructive meeting” (per CCF official website, article in Croatian). They admitted that there were mistakes on their part as well, but said they wanted to openly discuss things in the best interest of Croatian football.
But it may be already too late.
Hajduk accepted the invitation, but prior to that they had already called for the entire CFF's Executive Committee, including Zdravko Mamic, to resign. Their “black list,” so to speak, also includes federation president, the once-iconic striker Davor Suker, who has been away on business for days. The time of the meeting hasn't been disclosed yet.
On Saturday, Hajduk are due to play NK Zagreb on an empty Poljud Stadium, serving a crowd ban. But there will be a crowd in the streets of Split that day, as the supporters are organizing a mass protest against the CFF.
Tens of thousands of people are expected, the atmosphere in the city is extremely explosive and it's starting to look like some sort of uprising.
It's simple, really: When you ban people from protesting in the stadium, they take it to the streets. And no one can tell what will happen then.
Quotes in the article were acquired firsthand.
Follow @AlexHoliga
Many U.S. tech companies are pushing hard this year for an increase in the number of high-skill immigrants allowed into the country, but many veteran IT workers question their motives for wanting to increase the number of visas under the controversial H-1B program.
Microsoft, IBM and recently Facebook is among the large tech companies that have called for an annual increase in H-1B visas for high-skill workers, arguing they can't find qualified tech workers in the U.S. to fill all their open positions. Reports from those companies -- and others -- of thousands of unfilled tech jobs in the U.S. seem to support their argument.
A group of eight U.S. senators has pushed this year for an increase from the current 65,000-person cap on H-1B visas to as much as 300,000 workers. But critics say the skilled worker visa program undercuts U.S. wages and is filled with abuse.
Many tech companies arguing for higher H-1B caps also say the U.S. should be encouraging the world's top IT talent to come to the U.S. "Why do we offer so few H-1B visas for talented specialists that the supply runs out within days of becoming available each year, even though we know each of these jobs will create two or three more American jobs in return?" Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg wrote in an April blog post. "Why don't we let entrepreneurs move here even when they have what it takes to start new companies that will create even more jobs?"
It's unclear if companies calling for the U.S. Congress to bump up the skilled immigration numbers will get their wish. Many lawmakers prefer to deal with skilled immigration issues at the same time as they deal with the contentious larger debate on illegal immigration. But this month, Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy, a Vermont Democrat, said immigration reform will be a priority in the coming months.
Many U.S. tech companies say an increase in the cap is needed.
stock photo Rick McNeight
Modus Operandi, a semantic search software vendor based in Melbourne, Florida, has had "a hell of a time trying to fill these positions," said Rick McNeight, the company's president.
The 80-person company has six open positions, three for Java programmers, with those positions open for months, McNeight said.
Data from Dice, the tech job board, CareerBuilder and staffing agency Kelly Services show thousands of open IT jobs across the U.S., with significant openings in application development, including mobile apps and HTML 5, IT infrastructure support, and for IT project managers. Java and .Net developers are in high demand, said Melisa Bockrath, vice president and group leader for the IT unit of Kelly Services.
CareerBuilder, the online job-search portal, had more than 290,000 job listings for application developers between December and February, and just over 20,000 active candidates in related fields. AT&T and IBM each had more than 3,400 app developer job postings during that three-month period; Microsoft and Computer Sciences each had more than 1,250 postings.
CareerBuilder listed more than 30,000 IT project management jobs during the same time period. There were about 5,500 active job seekers in that area.
But only 15 percent of the active candidates in the app developing field, and 11 percent in IT project management, said they were willing to relocate for a job.
The picture is more complicated than the stats suggest. Many veteran IT workers, some with close to 20 years of experience, say many U.S. tech vendors don't want their services.
Many U.S. tech companies want more H-1B visas so they can hire cheaper foreign workers, contrary to the official stance that tech companies want to bring the most talented tech workers to the U.S., some critics say. (See related story: Veteran tech workers see tough job market.)
Foreign visas are a large part of the problem for veteran IT workers, said John Donaldson, a 51-year-old software developer out of work since October. "I blame much of my misfortune on the H-1B visas flooding this country," he said. "When I picked my computer science major ... no one told me I'd be competing against a huge tide of foreign nationals flooding, via dubious means, the national job market every year."
stock photo Melissa Bockrath
In some cases, the out-of-work IT veterans have a skills mismatch with the jobs available, said Bockrath, of Kelly Services. Many companies want experience in their field; companies believe that developing apps for the oil and gas industry is different than developing mortgage apps for a bank, she said
In other cases, candidates aren't willing to move for a job, said Bockrath, whose company partners with CareerBuilder to look at hiring trends. Veteran tech workers living in areas of high unemployment "need to be a little more flexible" about relocating, she said.
Many of Kelly's corporate clients are having trouble recruiting IT workers, she said. In areas with IT worker shortages, Bockrath has advised clients to consider remote workers, in the jobs that lend themselves to telework, she said.
Many companies aren't focused on retraining older workers, said Bill Peppler, managing partner at staffing firm Kavaliro. "I'd love to see companies take a shot on people who were retrained," he said.
Peppler sees worker shortage, but he believes more H-1B visas would be a short-term fix. In the long-term, the U.S. needs to focus more on developing its own science and technology workers, he said. "It's a shame we don't have enough talent in the states to meet demand," he added.
For McNeight, of Modus Operandi, more foreign visas would, at best, have an indirect impact on his ability to hire workers. Because his company works with the U.S. military and intelligence agencies, most of his programmers need security clearances. More H-1Bs might fill open positions at other companies, making it easier for him to recruit, he said.
Within the last two weeks, DataStax, a San Mateo, California, big-data applications vendor, had about 15 open positions, including Cassandra engineer, QA engineer, and product manager. The 80-person shop wants to hire 160 people in 2013.
CEO Billy Bosworth said he's turned to recruiting foreign workers and offering them telework jobs in an effort to close hard-to-fill positions. More H-1B visas would be helpful to companies like DataStax, he said.
Many U.S. IT workers with hot skills are sick of hearing from recruiters, he said. "They've turtled up," Bosworth said. "They've gone into stealth mode."
Bosworth has also snapped up IT workers when he doesn't have an immediate job opening. "If I find a good person and I don't have an [open request], I'll hire him," he said.
• Results of second wave of reanalysed samples published on Friday • Twenty-three of failed tests came from medallists in Beijing
A further 45 athletes have tested positive for banned substances after a second set of samples provided at the London and Beijing Olympics were reanalysed, the International Olympic Committee has announced.
Usain Bolt says Olympic ban on Russian athletes will ‘scare a lot of people' Read more
The number of additional positive tests – comprising 30 athletes from Beijing and 15 from London – takes the total number of athletes who have failed doping tests during the period of reanalysis so far to 98.
The IOC said 23 of the 30 positive tests taken from the Beijing samples involved medallists. The 15 positives from London covered athletes from nine countries and two sports.
Thomas Bach, the IOC president, said: “The new reanalysis once again shows the commitment of the IOC in the fight against doping.”
The IOC's announcement follows the decision by the court of arbitration for sport earlier this week to uphold the decision of athletics' world governing body the IAAF to ban Russian athletes from the Rio Olympics due to widespread doping violations.
And it also comes after an independent commission report earlier this week which alleged state-sponsored doping by Russia centred around the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics.
The IOC is currently under pressure to extend the IAAF's ban on Russian competitors in Rio to all sports, but is yet to deliver its verdict. The IOC's executive board is due to convene again on Sunday.
The nationalities of the athletes involved in the 45 new cases are yet to be revealed, with the IOC currently undertaking the process of informing their respective international associations.
And there is set to be more bad news on the way with more samples from Beijing and London - specifically aimed at medal winners - set to be conducted throughout and beyond the Rio Games.
WASHINGTON/HOUSTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Army will grant the final permit for the controversial Dakota Access oil pipeline after an order from President Donald Trump to expedite the project despite opposition from Native American tribes and climate activists.
A North Dakota National Guard vehicle idles on the outskirts of the Dakota Access oil pipeline protest camp near cannonball, North Dakota, U.S., January 29, 2017. REUTERS/Terray Sylvester
In a court filing on Tuesday, the Army said that it would allow the final section of the line to tunnel under North Dakota's Lake Oahe, part of the Missouri River system. This could enable the $3.8 billion pipeline to begin operation as soon as June.
Energy Transfer Partners ETP.N is building the 1,170-mile (1,885 km) line to help move crude from the shale oilfields of North Dakota to Illinois en route to the Gulf of Mexico, where many U.S. refineries are located.
Protests against the project last year drew drew thousands of people to the North Dakota plains including Native American tribes and environmental activists, and protest camps sprung up. The movement attracted high-profile political and celebrity supporters.
The permit was the last bureaucratic hurdle to the pipeline's completion, and Tuesday's decision drew praise from supporters of the project and outrage from activists, including promises of a legal challenge from the Standing Rock Sioux tribe.
“It's great to see this new administration following through on their promises and letting projects go forward to the benefit of American consumers and workers,” said John Stoody, spokesman for the Association of Oil Pipe Lines.
The Standing Rock Sioux, which contends the pipeline would desecrate sacred sites and potentially pollute its water source,
vowed to shut pipeline operations down if construction is completed, without elaborating how it would do so. The tribe called on its supporters to protest in Washington on March 10 rather than return to North Dakota.
“As Native peoples, we have been knocked down again, but we will get back up,” the tribe said in the statement. “We will rise above the greed and corruption that has plagued our peoples since first contact. We call on the Native Nations of the United States to stand together, unite and fight back.”
Former President Barack Obama's administration last year delayed completion of the pipeline pending a review of tribal concerns and in December ordered an environmental study.
Less than two weeks after Trump ordered a review of the permit request, the Army said in a filing in District Court in Washington D.C. it would cancel that study. The final permit, known as an easement, could come in as little as a day, according to the filing.
There was no need for the environmental study as there was already enough information on the potential impact of the pipeline to grant the permit, Robert Speer, acting secretary of the U.S. Army, said in a statement.
Trump issued an order on Jan. 24 to expedite both the Dakota Access Pipeline and to revive another controversial multibillion dollar oil artery: Keystone XL. Obama's administration blocked that project in 2015.
At the Dakota Access construction site, law enforcement and protesters clashed violently on several occasions throughout the fall. More than 600 people were arrested, and police were criticized for using water cannons in 25-degree Fahrenheit (minus 4-degree Celsius) weather against activists in late November.
“The granting of an easement, without any environmental review or tribal consultation, is not the end of this fight,” said Tom Goldtooth, executive director of the Indigenous Environmental Network, one of the primary groups protesting the line.
“It is the new beginning. Expect mass resistance far beyond what Trump has seen so far.”
LEGAL CHALLENGE TOUGH
Any legal challenge is likely to be a difficult one for pipeline opponents as presidential authority to grant such permits is generally accepted in the courts. The tribe said in a statement the decision “wrongfully terminated” environmental study of the project.
Deborah Sivas, professor of environmental law at Stanford and director of Stanford's Environmental Law Clinic, said a challenge by the tribe would likely rely on the reasons the Army Corps itself gave for why more review was needed in December.
“The tribe will probably argue that an abrupt reversal without a sufficient explanation for why the additional analysis is not necessary is arbitrary and should, therefore, be set aside,” she said in an email.
Supporters say the pipeline is safer than rail or trucks to transport the oil.
Shares of Energy Transfer Partners finished up 20 cents at $39.20, reversing earlier losses on the news.
