A Day To Remember have stayed silent for almost two years now regarding their lawsuit, Common Courtesy, and more. The band has now done an interview confirming that the label is stopping the release of their album, but that they are still planning on putting it out on their own, as PropertyOfZack reported several weeks ago now.
The album is fully mixed and mastered and about to start being pressed and then distributed. You can check out part of an interview with Jeremy McKinnon below after the jump.
Related Stories:
ADTR To Self-Release Album; Still In Lawsuit With Victory Records
A Day To Remember, Pierce The Veil, All-Time Low Arena Tour
You revealed in Episode 1 of Common Courtesy: The Series that the record will be out October 8. There are rumors circulating that the album will be self-released. What can you tell us about how the record will be released?
I'll be honest with you, I don't really know. I see all over the internet and music sites, people are saying, “Oh, this is going to ruin their career, there's no preorder up, they're stupid, they'll never be the big band they could have been,” etc. How about this: I'm not going to allow someone to sit on my career and ruin what may be our best album for people. Fans want our music.
As of last week, we got the final master. I was telling people forever that the record wasn't finished, wasn't mastered and wasn't mixed. It's finally done. They're going to start pressing it pretty soon. We're doing it ourselves, that's all I can say. We have a system set up where we will distribute the record when we're allowed to, but someone is trying to stop us from doing that. We announced that we were going to put out the album, and immediately, someone tried to take that from us. We knew that we had to, though. If we don't put it out, it could end our career.
People move on and I don't blame them. The situation is what it is. For us in A Day To Remember right now, it isn't about what everyone else is thinking in the public. It isn't about our first-week sales. It's about how many we sell in the long run, how much people care and how much people like this album. That's what it's about. We don't give a shit about being the biggest band in the scene with the big first week. We've sold a good amount of records and had good first weeks before. We have a loyal fanbase that supports us and, in our opinion, all that matters is getting the people who care about our music the new record. We're going to do that in any way we can. We don't care if we have to put out an album the day of October 8 and it's only available digitally. Whatever we have to do to get these people this music, we will do. We want to put our music out, and we want to go out on the road and tour on it.
Seventeen-year-old Manchester City striker Kelechi Iheanacho will train with the Crew until mid-October but is not a candidate to join the club permanently, coach Gregg Berhalter said today.
"It's a guy who is training here for a period and then he's going to rejoin Manchester City later in the fall," Berhalter said today at the Crew's facility in Obetz. "He wanted a place to train, to stay fit, stay moving and we offered it to him."
Seventeen-year-old Manchester City striker Kelechi Iheanacho will train with the Crew until mid-October but is not a candidate to join the club permanently, coach Gregg Berhalter said today.
�It�s a guy who is training here for a period and then he�s going to rejoin Manchester City later in the fall,� Berhalter said today at the Crew�s facility in Obetz. �He wanted a place to train, to stay fit, stay moving and we offered it to him.�
Berhalter said Manchester City approached the Crew about finding some time for Iheanacho through Claudio Reyna, who played for Man City, was Berhalter�s teammate on the United States national team and is the current director of football operations for Major League Soccer expansion franchise New York City FC.
�He has good connections with Manchester City and he wanted to place (Iheanacho) at a club that he can train and I guess similar philosophies, similar values in soccer,� Berhalter said. �We said we�d be glad to help out.�
Iheanacho played in today�s scrimmage against the Crew�s USL Pro affiliate Dayton and scored a hat trick in the Crew�s 5-1 win. Midfielder Ben Speas scored the other two goals.
Iheanacho has starred for Nigeria at the World U-17 Championship in 2013 in the United Arab Emirates, scoring six goals and adding seven assists while leading his country to the title. Here is an interview he conducted after the tournament.
He also scored two goals during Manchester City�s preseason tour of the United States.
Asked if Iheanacho is a candidate to join the Crew full-time, Berhalter said, �No.�
ajardy@dispatch.com
@AdamJardy
It's over for Ozzy Osbourne and Sharon Osbourne.
The 67-year-old heavy metal rocker and the 63-year-old co-host of The Talk have broken up after more than 33 years of marriage, E! News has learned.
A source tells E! News that the couple mutually agreed that Ozzy would move out of the house temporarily. In addition, the split has nothing to do with Ozzy's sobriety. Our insider shared that the rocker has been sober for three and a quarter year and has not touched drugs or alcohol in that time.
Ozzy and Sharon met in the early '70s when he rose to fame with the band Black Sabbath. She later became his manager. The two wed on July 4, 1982 and had three children—Aimee Osbourne, 32, Kelly Osbourne, 31, and Jack Osbourne, 30. The family, minus Aimee, starred on the hit MTV reality show The Osbournes between 2002 and 2005.
Capcom has announced today that Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney Trilogy is now available for download in the Apple App Store. This collection of cerebral puzzles and colorful courtroom drama features the first three games in the Phoenix Wright series. You can download the first two episodes of Phoenix Wright for free, with the later cases, along with the sequels, Justice For All and Trials and Tribulations, available as in-app purchases. You can purchase each additional chapter for $6.99, or unlock the entire three games for $16.99.
Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney HD Trilogy is an upgraded port of the original DS games, featuring enchanced high definition visuals and controls tailored for touch-screen devices. In addition to these enhancements, the game also features a bit of a strange feature called the “Everyone Objects” mode. This function allows players to voice their frustration with everyday life by mailing popular exclamations from the game's courtroom shenanigans to friends with the press of a button. While we can't see ourselves spending much time demanding our friends “Hold it!”, Capcom's offering of three classic Phoenix Wright adventures for less than twenty bones is more than reason enough to snatch this collection up.
Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney HD Trilogy is compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod Touch devices.
[W]e were told by a high up staffer who works for Joe Biden that Obama did it [endorsed Patrick Murphy] to get contributions to his uber-expensive presidential library, ostensibly from Murphy's rich, crooked father, from the super-wealthy Saudi family that sponsors Murphy (the notorious Al-Rashids ) and from Schumer's Wall Street patrons. ( source
Does Obama want to pass TPP so badly because Americans need it?
Does he want to pass TPP because his party needs it?
Or because he needs it personally?
Obama's TPP campaign could drag down Democrats
How much is President Obama willing to harm the Democratic Party in order to win approval for the deeply unpopular Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) "trade" agreement? We may soon find out.
On Tuesday, Politico broke the story that the White House will be "making an all-out push to win passage of the deal in the lame duck session of Congress, organizing 30 events over the congressional recess." The effort will be designed to put pressure not only on Democratic members of Congress, but also on swing Republican votes, by lobbying important business interests in their districts.
Trump is far behind Clinton in the polls, and it seems unlikely that Obama would have launched a public campaign of this magnitude for the TPP in the heat of an election season if the race were looking like a serious contest. But there is more at stake: millions of potential Republican voters will stay home in November if Trump is losing by a wide margin. Many others will stay home simply because they don't like him.
[M]any of these disaffected voters could be rallied to the polls if they think that Clinton, and her party, are going to bring them another failed "trade" agreement. (On the other side, some potential Democratic voters could abstain or switch sides for the same reasons). All this could make the difference between the Democrats taking the Senate, and in a big enough landslide, even the House of Representatives.
So [TPP] is looking like a very close vote. (For procedural and political reasons, Obama will not bring it to a vote unless he is sure he has the necessary votes). Now let's look at one special group of Representatives who can swing this vote: the actual lame-ducks, i.e., those who will be in office only until Jan. 3. It depends partly on how many lose their election on Nov. 8, but the average number of representatives who left after the last three elections was about 80.
Most of these people will be looking for a job, preferably one that can pay them more than $1 million a year. From the data provided by OpenSecrets.org, we can estimate that about a quarter of these people will become lobbyists. (An additional number will work for firms that are clients of lobbyists).
So there you have it: It is all about corruption, and this is about as unadulterated as corruption gets in our hallowed democracy, other than literal cash under a literal table. These are the people whom Obama needs to pass this agreement, and the window between Nov. 9 and Jan. 3 is the only time that they are available to sell their votes to future employers without any personal political consequences whatsoever. The only time that the electorate can be rendered so completely irrelevant, if Obama can pull this off.
Why is Obama willing to risk so much to get the TPP passed this year? Many press reports insist that it is because he wants it for his legacy. It is strange to think that he would want such an unpopular agreement for his legacy. There are less flattering reasons that seem much more plausible.
[W]e were told by a high up staffer who works for Joe Biden that Obama did it [endorsed Patrick Murphy] to get contributions to his uber-expensive presidential library, ostensibly from Murphy's rich, crooked father, from the super-wealthy Saudi family that sponsors Murphy (the notorious Al-Rashids) and from Schumer's Wall Street patrons
It is all about corruption, and this is about as unadulterated as corruption gets in our hallowed democracy, other than literal cash under a literal table.
There's always a question about who politicians are primarily working for. Are they working mainly for the country and its people, for their political party and its access to power, or for their own personal fortunes? In the case of Obama and his headlong rush to pass the billioinaire-written TPP, I think we have a perfect petri dish for isolating the answer, at least in this one case.Again, the questions are:Obviously, the answer could be Yes to all three. In the case of the TPP, however, we're going to find two No answers, leaving just one candidate. I'm going to keep this as brief as I can. It's really not a hard question to answer.No. It's been documented here and a great many other places that the country not only doesn't need TPP to pass, it desperately needs itto pass. It really will be a NAFTA-style job killer , as well as a killer of national sovereignty (see also here ). If you doubt me, check the links, or read anything from Public Citizen's Eyes on Trade pages.Again, no. In fact, the Democratic Party also needs TPP not to pass. As Mark Weisbrot, co-director of the Center for Economic and Policy Research in Washington, wrote recently in The Hill (my emphasis):And yet...After looking at how close the Fast Track vote was, Weisbrot makes a striking point — to pass TPP, Obama will need the help of politicians in both parties whoin the 2016 election, not those who won — politicians who can, in effect, trash their political futures and that of their party for lucrative personal next-jobs as lobbyists:But note, it's not just the electorate that will be "rendered completely irrelevant" —. Including Obama's Democratic Party. Were Donald Trump to develop a surprisingly competent campaign, the push for TPP could lose the White House for Democrats, and with it, the Senate.Obama is asking the Democratic Party to take a huge risk. Even if they win the White House in 2016, 2018 could shape up as brutal for them. Pushing for, and passing, TPP will spark another Sanders-like backlash, in both parties.For the final question, Weisbrot hints at the answer:I'll do a little more than hint. The Obama Library (and any future foundation he may launch with other people's money) is his ticket to the next phase of his life. Not his party's life; just his own and his family's. As Howie Klein wrote in the quote at the top of this piece:TPP offers a much larger payday than endorsing Patrick Murphy, a mere senator. TPP is wanted by nearly every American industry with money, from Wall Street to Big Pharma to Silicon Valley to Hollywood and every stop in between. As Weisbrot said above about the Congress people Obama is targeting:As Weisbrot hints (and I'm willing to say), that statement is also true about Obama. The Big Money people who want Congress to pass TPP also want Obama to make it pass, even if he sacrifices his own party's future to do it, and they're clearly willing to pay to "make it so." (After all, what's the point of having too much money if you can't buy things with it.) Obama's obviously on board; his recent actions scream how eager he is . To see if I'm right, watch his presidential library list of donors, if he releases it.Money doesn't talk, it swears. Though maybe its song is sweeter when Democrats listen.GP
Labels: Barack Obama, corrupt Democrats, Gaius Publius, lameduck session, TPP, Trans-Pacific Partnership
Dunkin' Donuts collected an estimated additional $4 million over three years in New Jersey stores by charging sales tax on non-taxable items, according to a lawsuit.
Ron and Carol Frate of Fort Lee and three New Yorkers filed a lawsuit in Bergen County against the coffee and doughnut chain. The Frates said in the suit they were charged tax on bottled water at a Dunkin' Donuts on Route 46 East in Fort Lee
"Despite being aware of the illegality of their actions, Dunkin' Donuts continues to dunk their customers, leaving them with a sour taste in their mouth when they buy their sweets," the suit says.
The suit alleges about 70 percent of customers buying bottled water and pre-packaged coffee were overcharged, bringing in an estimated $10 million to stores in New York on top of the $4 million New Jersey stores improperly received.
Both of those items are exempt from the state's seven percent sales tax. Sales tax in New York City is 8.875 percent.
Dunkin' Donuts spokesman Justin Drake said the company is working to make sure its stores understand which products are taxable.
"Dunkin' Donuts has over 1,000 restaurants in New Jersey and New York that are owned and operated by individual franchisees, who are expected to comply with all applicable state and federal laws including those relating to taxation," Drake said in an email to NJ Advance Media. "We are in the process of reaching out to the franchisees identified in the complaint in order to determine whether these taxes were charged to customers."
The plaintiffs have asked for a jury trial.
Jeff Goldman may be reached at jeff_goldman@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @JeffSGoldman. Find NJ.com on Facebook.
The Shin Bet arrested four individuals last month suspected of planning to carry out a large scale terror attack in an events hall in Be'er Sheva and kidnapping an IDF soldier, it was cleared for publication Thursday.
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
According to the indictment issued against the four, they planned to throw grenades into a crowd of dancers celebrating at the Narnia events hall and to use weapons they would hide in trash cans ahead of the attack before fleeing the scene. They also considered detonating pipe bombs concealed under the dining tables.
Moreover, they began accumulating funds to perpetrate a separate attack involving the abduction of an IDF soldier from the city's central bus station who they intended to kill and use his remains to solicit concessions from Israel.
Three of the suspects appear in Be'er Sheva District Court (Photo:Yisrael Yosef)
During the investigation of the four conspirators, one of whom is a resident of the bedouin town of Tel as-Sabi in the Negev and the other three illegal aliens from Gaza, interrogators discovered that the planned attack was the brainchild of the Gaza-based Islamic Jihad organization.
The suspects, two of whom worked in the events hall which they intended to strike, carefully plotted their attack as they collected information about their target.
'Narnia' events hall in Be'er Sheva (Photo: Roee Idan)
The members of the cell were arrested before they managed to acquire the necessary weapons for implementing the attack. However, the investigation revealed that they had located and rented an apartment in the area in which they could plan the assault and in which they intended to murder the kidnapped soldier. In an effort to familiarize themselves with hall and inflict the maximum number of casualties, two of the suspects had carefully scouted the venue ahead of the attack.
Mahmoud Yusuf Hasin Abu-Taha
The ringleader of the suspects, all of whom were arrested on September 21 by the the Shin Bet in cooperation with the Negev Police Central Unit, was identified as Mahmoud Yusuf Hasin Abu-Taha from Khan Yunis in southern Gaza who had entered Israel via the Erez Crossing for commercial purposes.
He was recruited into the cell by Wael Abu-Taha, a senior official in the Islamic Jihad movement who lives in Gaza, when the latter asked him to establish a military infrastructure and coordinate a terror attack.
In May, Mahmoud and Wael presided over plans for the attack's execution in the hall and, to that end, checked a number of entrances to the complex. It was decided that 55-year-old Shafik Hamad Ahmad Abu-Taha from Gaza—who worked at the venue—would enable the attackers to enter, including Mahmoud who was also scheduled to work on the day marked for the bloodletting.
Be'er Sheva Central Bus Station (Photo: Herzl Yosef)
During a meeting between with Wael, Mahmoud was instructed to shift his focus onto kidnapping a soldier rather than the Narnia explosions.
Indictments for crimes against the security of the state were also issued at the Be'er Sheva District Court against 39-year-old Ahmad Taysir Abd Elrahman Abu-Taha, Shafik and 40-year-old Hani Abu-Amra who resided in the Negev.
The four stand accused of, among other things, establishing contact with a foreign agent, divulging intelligence to enemies, fraud, residing in Israel without legal documentation and activities with unlawful organizations.
According to the indictment, Wael suggested last March that Mahmoud carry out an attack at the Narnia hall together with Shafik who were both working there that day.
Terrorist promised new car and house to beat soldier to death with a hammer
As part of the kidnapping plot, Wael ordered Mahmoud to orchestrate the abduction and murder of two or three Jewish Israeli civilians who would then be buried and be used to force Israel to acquiesce to various demands. Wael promised to give Mahmoud a new car and build him a new house in return for the kidnapping.
Soon after Mahmoud returned to Israel from Gaza, he observed the Be'er Sheva Central Bus Station and reported to his superior in Gaza that there were drug users in the area who could constitute easy targets. However, Wael stated his preference for the abduction of a police officer or a soldier in order to bring about the release of convicted terrorists in Israeli prisons.
Mahmoud also received the chilling instructions from Wael to rent a ground-floor apartment to which the kidnapped could be taken and then to smoke Hashish, drink alcohol and photograph himself next to the victim and beat him to death using a hammer before burying him.
SENIOR opposition frontbencher Anthony Albanese says there is no chance he will rechallenge for the Labor leadership before the federal election.
The coalition government has seen a marked bounce in opinion polls since Malcolm Turnbull toppled Tony Abbott for the prime ministership, sparking suggestions that Labor may have to do the same and dump Bill Shorten.
“That's not going to happen. What we are focused on is the future of the country rather than being focused on ourselves,” Mr Albanese told Sky News on Sunday.
Albanese's comments come as Attorney-General George Brandis insists Malcolm Turnbull's new-look team is a “very different” government despite the former prime minister saying nothing much has changed. “Never underestimate the importance of a change of leadership itself,” Mr Brandis said.
Responding to Mr Abbott's declaration that there had been no policy changes, Senator Brandis told ABC television the eight new faces around the cabinet table proved it was a new government.
Albanese said however that despite all the calm on the surface, there was a lot of disquiet in the Liberal ranks and “the sharks will be circling”.
“Malcolm Turnbull made a big mistake in promoting each and every one of the plotters, they all got a guernsey,” he told Sky News.
Asked what was the major weakness for Mr Turnbull, Mr Albanese said: “His ego.”
Mr Albanese said Labor hadn't been sitting back and “chilling out” in the past week, with Mr Shorten and shadow treasurer Chris Bowen both making major speeches and releasing the opposition's higher education plans.
He said while voters expect governments to go their full three-year term, Mr Turnbull may be tempted to opt for an early election anytime from March.
“We'd be ready to go, even if he called an election next week, we would be ready to go,” he said.
Turnbull's tough task ahead
The prime minister's top indigenous adviser believes a referendum on constitutional recognition is facing “massive difficulties”.
Warren Mundine believes newly-installed Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has a tough task ahead to match the expectations of indigenous Australians to the general public.
Polls show the majority of Australians want constitutional recognition, but Mr Mundine points out there is no actual proposal on the table.
Some people want symbolic recognition while others what more substantive change - like prohibiting racial discrimination - in the nation's founding document.
Mr Mundine is the head of ousted prime minister Tony Abbott's hand-picked indigenous advisory team and will keep his job under Mr Turnbull.
He praised Mr Abbott for his engagement with indigenous Australians and for making the issue “front and centre” of his government.
“It was a tremendous change, it was a revolutionary change,” Mr Mundine told Sky News on Sunday.
But while Mr Abbott threw the spotlight on indigenous affairs, achieving an outcome was still moving as “the turtle not the hare”. Mr Mundine blames that partly on the challenges of working with multiple state governments.
The indigenous leader doesn't expect every future prime minister to follow in Mr Abbott's footsteps and dedicate one week each year to a remote indigenous community.
But he does expect significant engagement with indigenous groups on the ground.
Mr Mundine is excited to work with Mr Turnbull - a self-made multimillionaire - on areas like indigenous investment, business and jobs.
“He brings that brain there that is so missing in indigenous affairs,” he said.
About
Hello All!
Our genius idea came to us one evening, see a very dear friend of mine, aka, " the bear". He eats a lot. One evening we were having a get together at my place and he stopped by for food. my wife looked at me and said, " hes going to eat us out of house and home". Steve said " lets see if other people would be willing to feed him". At this moment feed the bear was born. Were here asking for your help in bringing this dream into reality. The website has been purchased and is currently under construction. as the funds are raised we will begin moving forward with the project.
The outline.
The project here will be a video based website in which people with basically buy a certain item off of the menu and watch him eat it. We are currently working on a script and a menu. These things will be added in shortly as they get completed. There will be comedy as well as cooking and a whole lot of eating! Essentially a person will log onto the website, remain anonymous or create and account, from there they can purchase food to create a new episode!
Breakdown. How it will work.
Go to the website. Click on login. You will be able to remain a guest or use your own personalized account. We will offer up menu items based on the day of the week, " The Bear" has chosen meal plans based on the days, and we will work into a larger plan once this is rolling. You will be able to click on a food item such as a turkey sandwich and the item will cost x.xx dollars. You will be able to pay that dollar amount and be logged into a live feed of him eating the prepaid for food. Our goal is to keep him fed and make him bigger. So through the camera you will be able to see him sitting at a table with a giant digital scale, with what ever food you purchased for him to eat. It is kind of like feeding a zoo animal, with the added bonus of being able to visit as often as you like from the comfort of your home. We will offer in the beginning the live feedings, on air sound which will allow you to hear the conversation during your allotted times, as well as being able to see your food being prepared. And the ability to comunicate with him if you like. The ultimate goal is to get him to the top of the bear scale. And with a little help i believe we can get him there.
What we need.
So to start we have purchased the domain and have begun working on the site itself. The server space we will need has been purchased already as well, along with a programmer that is working with us on this project. We did purchase a lower end camera to begin the videos asap. What we need from you will be the software to handle the video and profile features on the site, and a beginning stockpile of food to fill the beginning week(s) of feeding him.
BEWARE: There Is A Naked Yoga Enthusiast On The Loose In Pueblo, Colorado Share
Tweet
A naked yoga enthusiast is on the loose in Colorado, cops report.
Around 6:45 AM Saturday, Aurora police received a 911 call about a “naked man doing yoga” in public. But an officer dispatched to the crime scene reported that, “I was unable to locate anyone in the area clothed or otherwise.”
The patrolman, however, did locate a pile of abandoned clothing outside a nearby business. The items--pants, shirts, socks, underwear, and a pair of Nikes--were collected by the officer and “tagged as evidence.”
The incident--classified as indecent exposure--occurred adjacent to a strip mall.
NOTE: The gentleman pictured above is not the suspect. He is just another guy who enjoys doing yoga while unencumbered by clothing.
This is a case that addresses how defamation can play out on Twitter, which is a perennial favorite of mine (perhaps owing to my excessive participation in that medium).
Feld tried to buy a horse (“Munition”) that would become a companion horse. Unfortunately Feld never got to enjoy Munition's company, as Munition was sent via a horse auction to Canada and was slaughtered. Munition's fate apparently became the topic of great (internet) debate, and Conway, a “bloodstock agent” weighed in. It does not appear that she had any prior relationship to the transaction or with Feld. In late 2010, the online discussion spilled over onto Twitter, and Conway tweeted:
Mara Feld aka Gina Holt – you are fucking crazy!
Feld sued Conway for defamation. Although Conway asserted venue and jurisdiction as a defense (she was from Kentucky), she also argued that the tweet was protected opinion as hyperbole.
Citing to Hustler v. Falwell, among other cases, the court reaches the merits and says that it doesn't make sense to read the tweet “in isolation”:
The tweet was made as part of a heated Internet debate about plaintiff's responsibility for the disappearance of her horse. Furthermore, it cannot be read literally without regard to the way in which a reasonable person would interpret it. The phrase “Mara Feld . . . is fucking crazy,” when viewed in that context, cannot reasonably be understood to state actual facts about plaintiff's mental state. It was obviously intended as criticism—that is, as opinion—not as a statement of fact.
There you have it.
__
Online speech doesn't get a free pass, but courts are increasingly willing to look at the often-heated nature of online discussions and give the defamation defendant the benefit of the doubt. The remains true when the discussion spills over into other venues, as it often does. We've seen rulings like this where the statements take place via email, on blogs, and of course, on social networks.
It's helpful to contrast this with the result in Cox v. Obsidian Finance case, where the district court found a slew (but not all) of the statements to be protected opinion. The two differences are that the actionable statement uttered by Cox contained some pretty specific allegations, and calling someone “crazy” is fairly understood to be part of our social repertoire of insults (whereas calling someone a tax delinquent is not).
I wonder how much Conway's use of the word “fucking” influenced the court's decision. Although not stated in the opinion, I would bet it did. Probably not a great idea to call someone names on Twitter, but if you do, perhaps it buys you some cover?
As a final thought, although not directly relevant here, linking is always a good idea. (See Eric's posts on that topic.)
NB: neither side had a lawyer, which doesn't happen often, but perhaps more so in internet squabbles. Either way, kudos to them for making some helpful law!
Eric's Comment: IMO, between the Streisand Effect, the risk of reinforcing a Google autocomplete association, and the pithiness of tweets, bringing a defamation lawsuit over tweets is almost always fucking crazy. However, I do like that this case highlights another overlap between Internet Law and the Law of the Horse!
Case Citation: Feld v. Conway, 2014 WL 1478702 (D. Mass. Apr. 14, 2013)
Related posts:
Using Links as Citations Helps Gizmodo Defeat a Defamation Claim–Redmond v. Gawker Media
Protip: Don't Send Emails Threatening to “Inflict the Maximum Amount of Financial Pain” Allowed By Law
Want To Avoid Defaming Someone Online? Link To Your Sources (Forbes Cross-Post)
Social Media Rant Against Airline Employee Wasn't Defamatory But May Be False Light–Patterson v. Grant-Herms
Calling Out Scraper for “Stealing” Data Is Not Defamatory – Tamburo v. Dworkin
A Twitter Exception for Defamation?
9th Circuit Issues a Blogger-Friendly First Amendment Opinion–Obsidian Finance v. Cox
Another week, another Windows 8 leak. This time it's the turn of PCBeta, who have revealed four new screenshots from a developer build. The version shown is build 8172.
The screenshots show off the new PC settings page, with links to customise notifications, searches and device access. The lock screen is also easily customisable from here, with apps able to run in the background and pop up notifications even when the device is locked. The settings screen carries on the Metro style that has been slowly making its way through Microsoft's product line.
Two more screenshots show off the Windows 8 desktop with Explorer running. Microsoft has made it clear that the desktop will be accessible from the Metro screen, and Microsoft look like they're still continuing with the ribbon theme that debuted in Office 2007. The ribbon can be expanded and hidden as the user wishes.
The final screenshot is a sparse-looking start page with only a few icons present. It's easy to see how the start screen will vary in appearance depending on the computer, with apps and tiles populating the screen as the user adds more.
Thanks again to FaiKee, he has pointed out that these shots have been dismissed by Canouna of MDL, who is on a different source channel but PCBeta have been right in the past.
Update: We cannot confirm these shots are real, if anything it's some eye candy for what's to come, these are reportedly from the OEM channel. So make of it what you will :)
Update 2: This may explain the odd build number:
Click for full image and forum post, thanks for researching this Faikee!
Update 3: Added some more screenshots to the gallery, as posted here by PCBeta.
See below for a gallery of the screenshots.
Israeli arts companies have to fill out forms agreeing to perform in the settlements or face budget cut
(RINF) – Israel's far-right culture minister, Miri Regev, scored a significant victory last month in her self-declared war on the country's cultural establishment.
Israel's national theatre company Habima, it was revealed, had agreed to perform for the first time in Kiryat Arba, a notoriously violent settlement next to the Palestinian city of Hebron in the occupied West Bank.
The move was a blow to Israeli artists who oppose efforts by Benjamin Netanyahu's government to force them to treat the settlements as a “normal” part of Israel, said Ala Hlehel, a writer and cultural critic from Israel's large Palestinian minority.
The settlements are illegal under international law and widely viewed as an insurmountable obstacle to a two-state solution.
Regev welcomed the decision, saying Habima had become a “central pioneer in treating all citizens of the state as equal in their right to experience culture”. But, according to Hlehel, the decision will intensify pressure for a cultural boycott of Israeli companies when they try to tour overseas.
“Israeli artists have long argued that they only deal with knowledge and culture and have nothing to do with politics,” he told Al Jazeera. “But that no longer sounds credible when Habima and others decide to perform in a notorious settlement like Kiryat Arba.”
The Israeli Haaretz daily recently described Kiryat Arba, home to 7,000 religious extremists, as “a symbol of the injustices of the occupation”. It has erected a commemorative park to the late Rabbi Meir Kahane, whose virulently anti-Arab Kach movement was outlawed in the 1990s.
Many inhabitants continue to openly support Kahane's views. The park includes the grave of Baruch Goldstein, a settler who shot dead 29 Palestinians worshipping at the nearby Ibrahimi mosque in Hebron in 1994. The grave has been a site of pilgrimage for extremist settlers ever since.
‘Blackmailing' artists
Ahmed Tibi, a parliament member from the Joint List party, accused Regev of using financial pressure to arm-twist cultural institutions into performing in the settlements.
He told Al Jazeera: “Regev is blackmailing Israeli artists and theatres to break with their consciences and perform in the occupied territories or lose their public funding.”
Since the summer, arts companies have had to fill out a form stating that they agree to perform in the settlements. Those refusing to do so face a budget cut of 30 percent, as well as becoming ineligible for a 10 percent bonus funding. The Israeli media noted that the cash-strapped Habima has been dependent on special handouts from the culture ministry for many years.
Regev, a former spokeswoman for the Israeli military and a member of Netanyahu's ruling Likud party, was determined to silence those opposed to the government's far-right agenda, said Tibi.
In addition to the demand that artists perform in the settlements, Regev has also begun drafting a “cultural loyalty law”. It would strip companies of public funds if they: question Israel as a “Jewish and democratic state”; denigrate state symbols such as the flag; or commemorate the Nakba, the catastrophe that befell Palestinians in 1948 when they were dispossessed of their homeland.
That has left artists from Israel's Palestinian minority, a fifth of the population, especially exposed, according to Hlehel. “The government always starts by targeting the Palestinian community [in Israel] because they are the most vulnerable and no one in the rest of the society is willing to stand up for them,” he said.
“But it won't end there. The real goal is to use the fight against Palestinian artists to intimidate major cultural institutions like Habima.”
Heckled by rightwing
In recent weeks, Regev has twice publicly clashed with a well-known Israeli-Palestinian rapper, Tamer Nafar, whose lyrics are notable for tackling both the occupation and issues of racism towards Israel's 1.7 million Palestinian citizens.
In September, during the Ophir film awards, she stormed out while Nafar recited lines from a poem by Mahmoud Darwish, the Palestinian national poet. She said the performance was “a disgrace in which red lines were crossed”.
And last month Regev continued her campaign against Nafar by demanding that the mayor of Haifa deny him a platform at the city's annual Haifa Film Festival. Although Nafar's performance went ahead, he faced sustained heckling from right-wing groups in the audience.
Notably during her speech at the film awards, Regev made a veiled threat to Israel's film funds that she was still considering who to support in the future.
Nafar told Al Jazeera that Regev was seeking “revenge” for his recent film Junction 48, which was highly critical of Israel but received financial help from one of the funds.
“Regev is like a politician from the dark regimes of Europe's past,” he said. “She wants to silence the Palestinian narrative, and especially the Nakba and what really happened in 1948.”
Raising the flag
Earlier this year, Regev insisted that all cultural and sports venues, including those located in Palestinian communities in Israel, should be required to raise the Israeli flag on national holidays such as Independence Day. That is when Palestinian citizens mark the Nakba.
Then in July she asked the attorney general how she could end funding for the Tel Aviv Cinematheque, a prominent arthouse cinema that has hosted controversial events, including a film festival on the Nakba and a conference for those refusing to serve in the army.
The same month she lashed out at Israel's Army Radio for broadcasting a programme on Darwish, whose poetry often relates to the Nakba and Palestinian identity. She accused the station of “going off the rails” and urged the defence ministry to cut funds to the station.
Almost as soon as Regev took over the culture ministry 18 months ago, she clashed with Israel's arts establishment, which is seen by the right as an outpost of liberalism. She called them “tight-assed, hypocritical and ungrateful” people who “think they know everything”.
In protest, dozens of artists greeted her at a theatre awards ceremony in Tel Aviv last year with their mouths taped shut.
Self-censorship
But Sinai Peter, a professor of theatre studies at the Western Galilee College, near Acre, said Habima's decision to appear in Kiryat Arba suggested Regev was turning a corner in her battle.
“She has been making an example of Palestinian artists to intimidate Jewish artists into submission, and in part it is working,” he told Al Jazeera.
Last year Regev targeted two prominent Palestinian theatres in Israel. Al Midan in the northern city of Haifa lost its funding for 10 months after it staged a play based on the lives of Palestinian political prisoners.
Regev also threatened the funding of Elmina children's theatre in Jaffa, near Tel Aviv, after its actor-director, Norman Issa, vowed he would not perform in the settlements. Issa backtracked after a hastily convened meeting with Regev.
Peter said Jewish artists were increasingly reluctant to speak out. It was normal, he noted, to find a replacement for actors who objected to performing during the Sabbath on religious grounds. But he was unaware of any of Habima's actors requesting to be replaced for the Kiryat Arba production next week on political grounds.
“It takes courage for artists to take a stand against the settlements when they see they have so little support from the wider Israeli public,” he said. “And they have to think where they will find work next if they adopt unpopular political positions.”
Nafar agreed: “Initially, there was a lot of opposition to Regev from artists but slowly she is winning. People are starting to self-censor, which is the worst kind of censorship.”
More boycotts
But Nadim Nashif, director of Baladna, an organisation helping Palestinian youth in Israel, said there might be a positive side to Regev's insistence on “patriotism” from artists.
“For decades most preferred to claim politics and culture don't mix,” he told Al Jazeera. “They avoided taking a clear position on fundamental issues, including on the settlements. Now that's no longer tenable. They have to clarify where they stand.”
Nashif pointed out that Habima had been previously targeted by boycott protests. In 2012, there were large demonstrations both inside and outside London's Globe Theatre as Habima staged a production of Shakespeare's The Merchant of Venice.
“After it performs in Kiryat Arba, the protests are going to grow much larger. No one can any longer claim that Habima is engaged purely in cultural rather than political activity.”
STATEN ISLAND, N.Y. -- Beautiful baby Luke shares his mother's sweet smile and striking green eyes.
The two were in tune emotionally, too.
If she was feeling a bit down, he would be unhappy.
And on that fateful day, it was like Luke knew.
Last month, the 7-month-old was sobbing uncontrollably during a check-up at the doctor's office, the same day his mom was rushed to the hospital because she couldn't catch her breath.
She didn't make it back home.
NYPD Officer Kelly Korchak, 38, of Eltingville, died of what is believed to be Sept. 11-related cancer on June 10, just six months after delivering her baby boy.
"She asked the doctor to just give her a year," said Korchak's husband, Steve Attarian, in an interview with the Advance. "She never got to be a mother to him.
"She would always say, 'I'm going to get better for him.'"
HEARTBREAKING DIAGNOSIS
Last October, Korchak returned home from work and found the side of her leg was swollen like a sausage, her husband said.
Tests revealed she had two clots, and one had burst.
But the chest x-ray was more ominous.
"The four doctors came in and formed a circle of doom around her," Attarian, 43, recalled. "They said, 'You have spots all over your lungs.'
"It looked like someone shot her lungs with a paintball gun."
Korchak, who never displayed any symptoms, was in her third trimester when she was diagnosed with primary peritoneal cancer, a rare form of the disease, the family said.
There was a discussion about delivering Luke early, but doctors warned the couple his lungs weren't fully developed and he could have bleeding on the brain.
After deciding against it, Korchak underwent one round of a platinum-based chemotherapy on Dec. 2, around two weeks before Luke was born.
The chemo, her husband said, was safe for her and the baby.
"She didn't forgo treatment," he said. "She gave up being a mom to fight this cancer."
After the delivery, Korchak underwent a few more rounds of chemo only to find out in March they were unsuccessful, and the cancer had grown.
By April, the treatment had taken its toll, and she had elevated calcium levels and diminished breathing.
During her battle, Korchak suffered from weight loss, hair loss, fevers, hot flashes, dry skin, runny nose, coughing and lost her sense of smell.
Even worse, as the treatments progressed, she couldn't take care of her son, the family said. Just holding him could blow out her veins.
"She went through hell, but I thought she would beat it," Attarian said. "My wife was tough as nails. She was my hero."
FINDING HER CALLING
Korchak's first dream was to become a teacher, but when she had trouble landing a full-time position, her dad, John Korchak, suggested she take the police exam.
She was resistant at first, but quickly found her new passion.
"She took to it and she had good instincts," said her mom, Denise Korchak. "She was good at reading people. She was meant to be a cop."
Korchak was in the academy during the 2001 terrorist attacks at the World Trade Center, and worked at Ground Zero for two weeks. She had various responsibilities, including traffic posts and escorting utility workers, the family said.
Korchak graduated from the academy in 2002 and worked at the 73rd Precinct in Brooklyn before being assigned to Staten Island. She first worked in the housing unit, and then joined the borough's Evidence Collection Team around 2007.
"She loved it," Attarian said. "She was very meticulous. If there was evidence, she would find it. She liked getting the perp for the victims and their families."
The 16-year NYPD veteran, who was known for her instincts and awareness in the field, was honored with the Advance's "Cop of the Month" award twice.
In the summer of 2012, she was instrumental in breaking up a burglary ring. Korchak recovered 17 latent fingerprints from two separate burglaries -- one on Clifton Avenue in Rosebank, the other on Castleton Avenue in West Brighton. In each case, the prints helped crack a burglary pattern.
The Clifton Avenue burglary led back to a man running an organized crew out of Queens that targeted Asian victims across the city, while the Castleton Avenue burglary led to a local suspect, Advance records show.
In 2006, she was again awarded "Cop of the Month" after aiding in the arrest of four shooting suspects.
"She was invaluable out on patrol," said Attarian, who is an officer with NYPD Emergency Service Truck 6 in Brooklyn. "She had a street eye."
FAMILY FIRST
Besides her beauty and kind heart, Attarian said he loved Korchak's devotion to her family -- even through her illness.
Korchak doted on her nieces and nephews, and was devoted to their activities. She taught her niece's Girls Scout troops to take fingerprints, and made sure she was the top cookie seller.
And even during her treatment, she'd make a point to call her sister, Dawn Deuble, to remind her about her nephew's after-school activities.
"At the cheerleading [events], she was the loudest," Deuble said. "And she would get mad if you weren't cheering as loud, too."
Her brother, Michael Korchak, shared a story about how she found him a cupcake place that would deliver last minute so he could surprise his wife for their first anniversary.
"She was loyal to family and friends,"he said. "She was a fun person."
"Aunt Kelly," who loved Food Network's "Chopped" and "Cupcake Wars," was known for her baking, especially cupcakes and cookies. She was popular for her biscotti, seven-layer cookies, shortbreads and Czechoslovakian cookies.
"She made something for everyone," Deuble said. "She baked for others, to make them happy. She never let it affect her personality."
"She was just amazing, she truly was," said her husband.
The LHC's tunnel runs for 27km under the Franco-Swiss border
The Large Hadron Collider, the world's biggest physics experiment, has broken its own particle beam energy record. On Friday morning, the machine created two beams of protons, each with an energy of 3.5 trillion electron volts. The effort breaks the prior record, set by the LHC in December, of just over a trillion electron volts in each beam. The LHC will now aim to smash those two beams together, hoping to create new particles that give insight into the most fundamental workings of physics. The experiment, housed in a 27km-long tunnel under the outskirts of Geneva in Switzerland, has only been back online since November 2009. A breakdown and helium leak in 2008, shortly after the machine was first switched on, took some 14 months to repair. "Getting the beams to 3.5 TeV is testimony to the soundness of the LHC's overall design, and the improvements we've made since the breakdown in September 2008," said Steve Myers, director for accelerators and technology at the Swiss laboratory Cern, where the LHC is based. The LHC's experiments create showers of particles "It's a great credit to the patience and dedication of the LHC operation team." Since coming back online, the machine has exhibited performance that was "remarkable", according to Cern director general Rolf Heuer. In an announcement of the 3.5 TeV result, he congratulated the LHC team and stressed the cutting-edge nature of its work. "We must not lose sight of the fact that the LHC is new, and it wasn't bought off the shelf," he wrote. As with all particle accelerators, the LHC will be periodically shut down for maintenance, but LHC officials recently decided to significantly lengthen the shutdown period. This is in part because the machine takes so long to reach and return from the low temperatures required for its experiments. But the shutdown scheduled for late 2011 will also address an issue with the joints between the machine's superconducting magnets, which must be strengthened before the LHC can run at even higher energies. "It is a state of the art prototype that is pushing the limits of technology across a wide range of disciplines, and as such it needs to be treated with the greatest respect," Professor Heuer wrote. "It takes time, but as we've seen this week, patience pays dividends."
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
For a long time I've been suggesting (as have scores of others) that environmentalists — or activists in general — aren't necessarily their own best spokespeople; better to partner with doctors, local businesspeople, teachers, concerned parents, etc.
The problem? Environmentalism has been successfully cast as a fringe concern, not the basic, universal right of every man, woman, and child to have safe and healthy air, water, food, land, sea, and natural places — not to mention economies based on security and sustainability not corporate profit and destruction.
But before I get too openly indignant about all this, thus giving myself away as a card-carrying greenie (whoops — too late?), here's more evidence that the environmentalist identity is not always compelling to those outside the choir.
A research team led by University of Toronto psychologist Nadia Bashir found, in several different studies of Americans, that participants held strongly negative stereotypes about environmentalists (and feminists too). The most frequently mentioned traits describing “typical environmentalists” included “treehugger” and “hippie.”
The researchers conclude that this caricaturing of activists actually hampers progress even among audiences who generally agree with their goals. As they describe it, the image problem plays “a key role in creating resistance to social change.”
Writing in the European Journal of Social Psychology, Bashir and her colleagues describe three pilot studies that found essentially the same things: 1) Americans described both environmentalists and feminists in “overwhelmingly negative” terms, consistently defaulting to negative stereotypes. 2) Actions considered “extreme” were a turn off; in particular, participants didn't want to “hang out” with the types of activists who would stage protest rallies, but could see themselves being friends with those who use “nonabrasive and mainstream methods” such as raising money or organizing social events. 3) The messengers mattered: “Participants were less motivated to adopt pro-environmental behaviors when these behaviors were advocated by the ‘typical' environmentalist, rather than by the ‘atypical' environmentalist or the undefined target.”
So, unfortunately, being pegged as an environmentalist can weaken the broad appeal of your message. It's a shame because majorities probably agree with your values.
It doesn't mean we should all go into hiding. But even executive directors of environmental organizations can chip away at negative stereotypes by playing up other parts of their identity. Saying you're motivated as a parent or grandparent, for example, can go a long way.
Plus, while I'm not aware of any research on this, my hunch is that it's the unlikely activists, regular, everyday citizens who stand up for what they believe in, who are more likely to get attention (the good kind), to be respected rather than reviled, and to be cast as heroes by the media, even when they undertake stereotypical environmentalist actions like chaining themselves to fracking equipment. Think: Cindy Sheehan and Erin Brockovich and John Beal.
The Salon headline reads “Everyone Hates Environmentalists and Feminists.” But it's not so dire. There are plenty of stereotype-defying messengers out there who care deeply and represent mainstream America. Plus, activists are people too — they just need to remind everyone that more often!
Petraeus orders investigation after Rolling Stone reports on alleged use of psychological operations
By Melissa Bell
Navy Adm. Mike Mullen, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, bids farewell to the Zabul provincial governor Mohammad Ashraf Naseri after a meeting discussing the situation and needs in the province, in April 2009. A new Rolling Stone article asserts that an army unit was tasked with manipulating Mullen into providing more troops and funding for the war. (Defense Department photo by Mass Communication Specialist 1st Class Chad J. McNeeley)
Gen. David Petraeus, commander of U.S. Forces in Afghanistan, plans to investigate allegations in a Rolling Stone article that psychological operations were used by the army on members of Congress, a statement from his office said.
Sen. Reed, told MSNBC's Chris Jansing that the accusations were "very serious and disturbing" and that the Pentagon should investigate.
Sen. Carl Levin, D-Mich. said in a statement that, "For years, I have strongly and repeatedly advocated for building up Afghan military capability because I believe only the Afghans can truly secure their nation's future. I have never needed any convincing on this point."
A lieutenant colonel in the U.S. Army told Rolling Stone that he was asked to manipulate members of Congress visiting Afghanistan into providing more troops and funding for the war, a new article in the music magazine reports.
LTC Michael Holmes told reporter Michael Hastings that he was ordered by Gen. William Caldwell, a three-star general in charge of training Afghan troops, to perform psychological operations on visiting VIPs. When he refused, he was officially reprimanded.
The article says his unit was repeatedly pressured over a four-month period to assess how best to get Caldwell's message across to a host of visitors, including Sens. John McCain, Joe Lieberman, Jack Reed, Al Franken and Carl Levin; Rep. Steve Israel of the House Appropriations Committee; Adm. Mike Mullen of the Joint Chiefs of Staff; the Czech ambassador to Afghanistan; the German interior minister; and a host of influential think tank analysts.
Caldwell sent a statement to Rolling Stone that "categorically denies the assertion that the command used an Information Operations Cell to influence Distinguished Visitors."
Hastings wrote the June 2010 article, "Runaway General," that led to the dismissal of Gen. Stanley McChrystal, then commander of the war in Afghanistan. The article recently won a 2010 George Polk award for excellence in journalism.
At least 76 people have been killed by lightning in the last two days as violent storms and heavy rains lashed Bihar and Uttar Pradesh, disaster management officials said Wednesday.
Bihar reported most of the deaths after an overnight storm, which coincided with the arrival of the monsoon in the eastern state on Tuesday, left at least 56 people dead. Bihar disaster management minister Chandrashekhar warned that the toll could be higher, news agency ANI said.
Though lightning strikes are relatively common during the June-October monsoon the death toll is particularly high for two days.
Read: Lightning killed more Indians than other natural disasters in 2014
“We have confirmation of 47 deaths and fear the toll may go up as reports are pouring in from other districts,” Anirudh Kumar, a senior official at Bihar's disaster management agency, told AFP.
Five deaths were reported from Rohtas and Patna, followed by four each in Aurangabad, Nalanda and Buxar districts. Three deaths were reported from Saharsa, two from Bhojpur and East Champaran and one each from Banka, Muzaffarpur, Madhepura and Samastipur.
Unconfirmed reports, however, said five deaths were also reported from Kaimur, three each from Katihar and Saran, two each from Purnea and Munger and one each from Gaya, Kishanganj and West Champaran.
Read: Monsoon sets in over U'khand, Met predicts heavy rain in next 2 days
In Naubatpur block, on the outskirts of the state capital Patna, a lightning strike left open a 100-foot (30.5 metre) crack on the ground. “The crack due to lightning is 100 feet and 8 feet deep,” district magistrate Sanjay Kumar Agarwal confirmed.
In Patna and Rohtas alone, 16 people were injured by lightning. More than 12 people were also hurt in the Kosi region of Saharsa.
The state government, which announced a compensation of Rs 4 lakh to the victims' families, has issued an advisory to people to stay away from fields during thundershowers.
Authorities in the neighbouring state of Uttar Pradesh said 20 people were killed as heavy rains accompanied by lightning hit many parts of the state over two days.
Lightning kills thousands every year, most of them farmers working the fields. More than 2,500 people were killed by lightning in India in 2014, according to the National Crime Records Bureau, the most recent figures available.
Read:Waterlogging woes: Delhi-Gurgaon Expressway still not ready for monsoon
(With agency inputs)
First Published: Jun 22, 2016 12:19 IST
Turkey army says it seizes power; Erdoğan says: 'We will overcome this'
By Nick Tattersall and Tulay Karadeniz
ISTANBUL/ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey's military said on Friday it had seized power but President Tayyip Erdoğan vowed that the attempted coup would be put down.
If successful, the overthrow of Erdoğan, who has ruled Turkey since 2003, would be one of the biggest shifts in the Middle East in years, transforming one of the most important U.S. allies while war rages on its border. Even if it fails, the coup attempt could destabilize a pivotal country in the region.
"We will overcome this," Erdoğan said, speaking on a video call to a mobile phone held up to the camera by an announcer on the Turkish sister station of CNN. He called on his followers to take to the streets to defend his government and said the coup plotters would pay a heavy price.
An official said Erdoğan was speaking from Marmaris on the Turkish coast where he was on holiday. Erdoğan said he would swiftly return to Ankara.
Prime Minister Binali Yildirim and other senior officials said the elected government remained in office. Yildirim called the coup attempt a terrorist act by gangs and illegal formations.
Television images showed scores of people, some waving Turkish flags, gathered in major squares in main city Istanbul and capital Ankara to show support for the elected government. Gunfire broke out in both cities.
Warplanes and helicopters roared over Ankara and explosions could be heard there. Reuters reporters saw a helicopter open fire. State-run news agency Anadolu said military helicopters had fired on the headquarters of the intelligence agency.
Reuters journalists saw tanks open fire near the parliament building in Ankara, which they had surrounded.
Airports were shut, access to Internet social media sites was cut off, and troops sealed off the two bridges over the Bosphorus in Istanbul, one of which was still lit up red, white and blue in solidarity with victims of the Bastille Day truck attack in France a day earlier.
Soldiers took control of TRT state television, which announced a countrywide curfew and martial law. An announcer read a statement on the orders of the military that accused the government of eroding the democratic and secular rule of law. The country would be run by a "peace council" that would ensure the safety of the population, the statement said.
TRT later went off the air.
Anadolu said the chief of Turkey's military staff was among people taken "hostage" in the capital Ankara. CNN Turk also reported that hostages were being held at the military headquarters.
NOT A TINPOT COUP
A senior EU source monitoring the situation said: "It looks like a relatively well orchestrated coup by a significant body of the military, not just a few colonels. They've got control of the airports and are expecting control over the TV station imminently. They control several strategic points in Istanbul.
"Given the scale of the operation, it is difficult to imagine they will stop short of prevailing. It's not just a few colonels," the source repeated.
One European diplomat was dining with the Turkish ambassador to a European capital when guests were interrupted by the pinging of urgent news on their mobile phones.
"This is clearly not some tinpot little coup. The Turkish ambassador was clearly shocked and is taking it very seriously," the diplomat told Reuters as the dinner party broke up. "However it looks in the morning, this will have massive implications for Turkey. This has not come out of nowhere."
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov, speaking jointly after talks in Moscow, both said they hoped bloodshed would be avoided. The U.S. State Department said Americans in Turkey should shelter indoors. Other countries issued similar advice.
Turkey, a NATO member with the second biggest military in the Western alliance, is one of the most important allies of the United States in the fight against Islamic State, which seized swathes of neighboring Iraq and Syria.
Turkey is one of the main backers of opponents of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad in that country's civil war, host to 2.7 million Syrian refugees and launchpad last year for the biggest influx of migrants to Europe since World War Two.
Celebratory gunfire erupted in Syria's capital Damascus as reports emerged that Erdoğan had been toppled. People took the streets to celebrate there and in other government-held cities.
Story continues
Paul Nicholson has called for the BDO to cut all the ties they have with the De:Luxe Group following the latest setback, which saw a press conference cancelled at short notice last week.
The BDO were set to announce a deal with a free to air broadcaster to screen live coverage of next month's World Trophy in the UK last Thursday, but the conference was called off the day before.
With rising suspicions that the De:Luxe Group are involved with the organising of the World Trophy, Nicholson believes the BDO should sever ties with the events company.
“The fact that this company has come along and basically run amuck of their system when they had a little bit of real momentum going, it doesn't feel right,” said Nicholson, speaking on the Let's Talk Darts podcast last week.
“I implore the BDO people to get rid of this De:Luxe Group as soon as possible, do their own thing and just get in that office and fix this mess.
“De:Luxe are going to run the BDO into the ground, and I don't care who you are in the darting universe, nobody wants to see that right now.
“There are players who have a home in the BDO. They have tournaments that they want to play in and there's definitely room for both PDC and BDO right now.”
Listen to last week's episode of the Let's Talk Darts podcast below
Advertisements
How can I find out if my surgeon is properly qualified?
The General Medical Council (GMC) holds the central registers of doctors' qualifications. The medical register shows who are properly qualified to practise medicine. The specialist register shows doctors who have completed specialist training, including surgical training. Doctors must be included in this to hold consultant posts in the NHS.
To contact the GMC, telephone 0161 923 6602. You may also like to visit the GMC website, you can also search the Medical Register online.
The GMC is also responsible for dealing with disciplinary matters concerning surgeons. However, attempts should be made to deal with complaints locally first and there is an established complaints procedure which should be followed.
What are the usual qualifications for a surgeon?
All surgeons must first qualify as doctors, so they will have a basic medical degree which includes the principles of medicine and surgery. The title of this degree varies according to the university attended. Examples are MB or BM (Bachelor of Medicine) and BChir, ChB or BS (Bachelor of Surgery).
Surgeons then go on to do several years of further training in surgical specialties. During this time they acquire a specific surgical qualification, such as MRCS (Membership of The Royal College of Surgeons) or, previously, FRCS (Fellowship of The Royal College of Surgeons).
Those who wish to practise as consultants must also obtain the Certificate of Completion of Specialist Training (CCST). The letters after a surgeon's name depend on the college granting the qualification, for example FRCS or FRCS(Eng) indicates a fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons of England; FRCS(Ed), FRCS(Glasg) or FRCSI indicate a fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh, Glasgow or Ireland. Some surgeons obtain further degrees and diplomas in research or in specialist areas such as orthopaedics or ophthalmology.
Some surgeons only use the highest of their qualifications (eg FRCS) in their correspondence or on their nameplates, rather than listing all the lesser degrees as well.
Overseas-trained surgeons may have different letters after their name depending on the institutions in which they qualified. Before working as a surgeon in the UK, they must register with the General Medical Council and satisfy the UK authorities that their qualifications and experience are appropriate for the work they intend to undertake.
If you would like to know your surgeon's qualifications, do not be afraid to ask. You can also find out their details through the General Medical Council. As explained in who's who in surgery, the consultant leads and supervises a team of surgeons who are all qualified doctors but with different levels of training and expertise.
Why are surgeons in the UK called Mr/Miss/Ms/Mrs, rather than Dr?
In most other parts of the world all medical practitioners, physicians and surgeons alike, are referred to as Dr while in the UK surgeons are usually referred to as Mr/Miss/Ms/Mrs. This is because, from the Middle Ages physicians had to embark on formal university training to gain possession of a degree in medicine before they could enter practice. The possession of this degree, a doctorate, entitled them to the title of ‘Doctor of Medicine' or Doctor.
The training of surgeons until the mid-19th century was different. They did not have to go to university to gain a degree; instead they usually served as an apprentice to a surgeon. Afterwards they took an examination. In London, after 1745, this was conducted by the Surgeons' Company and after 1800 by The Royal College of Surgeons. If successful they were awarded a diploma, not a degree, therefore they were unable to call themselves 'Doctor', and stayed instead with the title 'Mr'.
Outside London and in the largest cities, the surgeon served as an apprentice like many other tradesmen, but did not necessarily take any examination. Today all medical practitioners, whether physicians or surgeons have to undertake training at medical school to obtain a qualifying degree. Thereafter a further period of postgraduate study and training through junior posts is required before full consultant surgeon status is achieved. Thus the tradition of a surgeon being referred to as Mr/Miss/Ms/Mrs has continued, meaning that in effect a person starts as Mr/Miss/Ms/Mrs, becomes a Dr and then goes back to being a Mr/Miss/Ms/Mrs again!
Where can I find information about becoming a surgeon?
The Royal College of Surgeons has a dedicated website for those interested in a career in surgery.
What do the letters after a surgeon's name mean?
Canada has remained at the bottom of the world's top-15 refugee receiving countries, according to the UNHCR annual asylum trends report. Worldwide, 866,000 new asylum claims were lodged last year — a 45 per cent increase from 2013, the highest level since 1992 at the beginning of the Balkan conflicts, said the United Nations report to be released in Geneva Thursday.
Syrian refugees who fled violence in Ain al-Arab, known also as Kobani, are seen outside their tents in a camp in the border town of Suruc, Turkey. About 200,000 people arrived in Turkey since the start of fighting between Kurdish militia and Islamic State militants mid-September, part of a mass movement that has made Syria the top country for asylum claims worldwide. ( Emrah Gurel / AP )
Syrians were by far the largest group among those seeking asylum in 2014, with 150,000 claims, or one-fifth of the total. Iraqis came second, accounting for 68,700 applications, double the number in 2013. Both countries are at war with Islamic State group extremists. “In the 1990s, the Balkan wars created hundreds of thousands of refugees and asylum-seekers. Many of them found refuge in industrialized countries. Today, the surge in armed conflicts around the world presents us with similar challenges,” said UN High Commissioner for Refugees Antonio Guterres. “Our response has to be just as generous now as it was then — providing access to asylum, resettlement opportunities and other forms of protection for the people fleeing these terrible conflicts.”
Article Continued Below
In 2014, Canada received 13,500 asylum claims, about one-third more than the year before. In comparison, Sweden, a small Nordic country with 9.6 million people and a quarter of Canada's population, admitted 75,100 refugees last year. The increase of claims in Canada was attributed to the significant drop in 2013, after Ottawa overhauled the refugee determination system in a bid to deter fraud and discourage asylum seekers from coming here. Canada has continued to rank at the bottom of the world's top 15 refugee receiving countries, from a high of fifth in the world five years ago. “This can potentially be the result of reforms of law and asylum policies and the introduction of visa requirements for some nationalities,” the 28-page report said. Between 2010 and 2014, Germany received the largest number of new asylum-seekers (434,300 claims), followed by the United States (403,300), France (274,500), Sweden (234,700), and Turkey (184,300).
While most western countries saw increases in refugees, some registered a decline, notably Australia, where numbers went down 24 per cent, to less than 9,000 in 2014, with its stringent asylum system. What's also noteworthy, the UN report said, is that Russia also reported 265,400 temporary asylum requests, including 5,800 from Ukrainians. In 2014, a total of 15,700 people fled Ukraine for asylum in 44 major refugee-receiving countries, up from 1,400 in 2013.
Article Continued Below
Top-15 refugee receiving countries Rank in 2014 (in 2013) 1. Germany (1) 2. USA (2) 3. Turkey (5) 4. Sweden (4) 5. Italy (7) 6. France (3) 7. Hungary (9) 8. UK(6) 9. Austria (10) 10. Holland (11) 11. Switzerland (8) 12. Serbia (20) 13. Denmark (18) 14. Belgium (14) 15. Canada (16) Source: UNHCR
Read more about:
TOPEKA, Kan. (AP) & (KSNT) — The death of a colleague's son spurred the governor in the often anti-regulation Kansas to toughen the state's inspection requirements for amusement parks on Monday.
A new law signed by Republican Gov. Sam Brownback strengthens the state's amusement park regulations, which currently allow parks to inspect their own rides. That policy drew scrutiny when Republican Rep. Scott Schwab's son, Caleb, died last summer at Schlitterbahn Water Park in Kansas City, Kansas. Despite concern from some lawmakers that carnival ride operators would struggle to comply, both chambers approved the bill earlier this month. The House passed it 124-1, and the Senate passed it 35-2.
The law, researched and championed in part by GOP Rep. John Barker, requires that amusement park rides be inspected annually by an inspector certified by one of several national boards; a certified engineer with two years of experience in the amusement park field, at least one of those in inspections; or someone with five years of experience in the amusement park field, two of those in inspections. It also requires parks to report injuries. Barker described Kansas' current amusement park regulations some of the loosest in the country.
It is still unclear whether parks will increase their prices to cover the extra expenses. Those added permits and fees will be an expense that park managers will have to cover.
Basically, it'll hit every slide in the state that is over 15 feet tall," says Kiel Mangus with Assistant City Manager for Manhattan. "So we know it will impact us there."
Brownback had promised to follow Schwab's lead. Schwab didn't comment on the bill until he gave an emotional speech in support of it last month in the House. He told fellow House members that he didn't come to the Legislature to increase regulations and he wouldn't hold it against anyone who didn't vote for the bill.
"But I will never deny government has a role," he said. "And you can get to a point where there's just not enough."
Schwab told lawmakers the bill wasn't about Caleb, but rather for "the next kid who goes some place in Kansas for a fun weekend."
The law goes into effect July 1, about 11 months after Caleb died riding the 168-foot slide, dubbed the world's tallest. Its name, "Verruckt," is German for "insane."
The Verruckt slide had passed a private inspection earlier in the summer. But the ride's opening was delayed multiple times, and during early testing, sand bags flew off, so engineers partially tore it down and rebuilt it. After Caleb's death, other previous riders said the straps that held them to the raft came loose during the ride.
Schlitterbahn spokeswoman Winter Prosapio said there is no other ride like the Verruckt slide in the Schlitterbahn system, making it difficult to review practices and make potential safety changes to other rides. She said the company would review the bill after Brownback signed it and that the park supports increased safety regulations.
The Schwab family has reached settlements with the park's owner, the manufacturer of the raft that carried riders down the slide, a general contractor and a company that consulted on the ride. Two women who were injured when they rode the slide with Caleb have settled with the park's owner .
Kansas Attorney General Derek Schmidt said Monday that his office is still reviewing the case. Prosapio has said the park will tear down the slide, but it has to wait for permission following the investigation.
Among photographer circles, a lot of talk has been made about Jake Olson's apparent downward spiral.
The summary of it is this: A successful photographer has no humility. Brags about his millions while belittling everybody around him, even going so far as to recommend people who disagree with him to consider suicide. His sexist, homophobic, bullying slurs have gone on for years, but have been ramped up this past week, raising the attention of thousands of people. All the while telling people that he owns them and by treating them harshly, he is lining his own pockets.
I thought it would be fun to take a few other people who take this route–celebrities who create a circus sideshow of their life in order to build fame and fortune–and place them in Jake Olson photos.
None of these photos are mine. They are done purely for parody.
Miley Cyrus Olson
Kanye West Olson
Donald Trump Olson
Kim Kardashian Olson
Jake Olson
A group of former and current Sony Pictures employees are suing the company for failing to protect their data, according to a complaint filed today in California District Court. (A second suit has also been filed according to The Hollywood Reporter, alleging that the choice to name North Korea put employees in danger.) The group is led by a former employee named Michael Corona, who worked for Sony between 2004 and 2007, and is currently spending $700 a year for identity theft protection. Sony has reportedly offered to provide identity theft monitoring services to current employees, but many previous employees like Corona have been affected by the leak and left to fend for themselves.
"An epic nightmare, much better suited to a cinematic thriller than to real life."
The complaint opens dramatically, describing the hack as, "an epic nightmare, much better suited to a cinematic thriller than to real life...unfolding in slow motion for Sony's current and former employees." The complaint alleges that Sony failed to adequately secure its systems despite years of warning signs, making a "business decision to accept the risk." Once the hack was under way, the complaint says Sony didn't do enough to protect employe information after the fact, despite multiple warnings from attackers.
The case focuses particularly on the leak of 47,000 social security numbers from current and former employees, which occurred more than a week after the initial attack. It's unclear when the affected employees received credit monitoring services to help mitigate the effects of the leak, although Sony should have had ample warning that such a leak was possible. In a strange twist, the complaint seems to rely heavily on other leaked documents. Leaked emails help establish that executives were aware of the vulnerabilities in the computer system, and chose not to improve it after previous attacks. It's unclear whether these documents will ultimately be seen as admissible in court.
12/16 5:39pm ET: Updated to include news of the second suit.
After you've starred in one of the greatest TV series of all time—Mad Men—it would seem that there's nowhere to go, career-wise, but down. That is, unless you're Elisabeth Moss, whose 28-year acting career has revolved around one seemingly peerless TV project after another. “If you thought about it too much, you'd never do anything again, because you'd be like, there's never going to be anything as good as The West Wing, or Top of the Lake, or Mad Men, or whatever,” says Moss, who in 2015 wrapped her seven-season stint as Mad Men's secretary-turned-copy chief Peggy Olson. “My own choices have proven to me that it's best just to follow where the great material is, and don't worry about it.”
Incredibly, her instincts seemed to have led her to a role that could bring her even more acclaim than Peggy: Offred, the star of Hulu's riveting and visually stunning new drama The Handmaid's Tale. Based on Margaret Atwood's 1985 dystopian novel in which the government has been overthrown by a fundamentalist regime and the few women still able to conceive are enslaved, the MGM Television series, which premiered last Wednesday, has garnered the kind of rapturous reviews and buzz that the decade-old streaming service has spent years longing for. “It is unflinching, vital and scary as hell,” says The New York Times, while The Hollywood Reporter deemed the series “Hulu's first essential original.”
The show's splashy debut—which seems primed to give Hulu the same credibility and awards spotlight that Transparent previously orchestrated for Amazon, and House of Cards and Orange Is the New Black for Netflix—comes as Hulu prepares for its NewFronts presentation on Wednesday morning, where it will celebrate its most ambitious year yet.
“This is really special,” says Hulu CEO Mike Hopkins. “We've been on a path of making really good shows over the last year, and this one feels like it has a real chance to break through in a way that we've been trying to but haven't quite done so yet. If that happens, it will be a really good thing for us as a company and a brand.”
That gives buyers, who have been warming up to the service in recent years, even more reasons to be impressed. “They've continued to evolve to a place that brings the best of digital and the best of TV for us and our clients,” says Jon Stimmel, chief investment officer, UM. As Hulu prepares to unveil a live TV service later this month, which will pair a livestreaming bundle with its standard subscription VOD options, “it actually displaces the notion of the MVPD, which is really interesting,” says Stimmel. With the now-deafening buzz around Handmaid's Tale, he adds, the service “becomes more of a different conversation,” on equal footing with its SVOD rivals.
Robert Ascroft for Adweek
But that conversation would never have happened without the involvement of Moss, who was thrilled by the opportunity to bring Atwood's book to life, but even more intrigued to explore the world beyond the page. “What I was actually more excited about is this would be a really good TV show for people who hadn't read the book—which is a lot of people. I needed it to be something that could stand on its own,” says Moss. (Atwood is also a consulting producer on the project.)
“Lizzie is at the perfect point in her career to be doing this,” says showrunner and executive producer Bruce Miller, noting that throughout her career, the actress has “put herself into really challenging roles and came through,” which is why he knew she'd rise to the challenge of portraying such a famous literary character. “This is a classic book—it's taught in high school—so there's a little bit of intimidation. You don't want someone who's going to shrink from that.”
Microsoft will shut down its Games for Windows Live marketplace next week on Aug. 22, according to a post on the Xbox.com support page. The closure of the Xbox.com PC marketplace comes alongside the switch from Microsoft Points to local currency and a new Xbox 360 system update, Microsoft explains.
"As part of the recent Xbox 360 system update, Microsoft Points will be retired and the Xbox.com PC Marketplace will be closed as of August 22, 2013," the support notice reads. "We encourage you to spend your Microsoft Points balance prior to this change. Although you will not be able to purchase new games, you can continue to enjoy previously purchased content by downloading it through the Games for Windows Live client software as usual."
The change doesn't mean that Games for Windows Live is going away, just the ability to purchase them through Microsoft's store. The Games for Windows Live service will continue to operate as usual, Microsoft says.
Additional details about the change are available in a brief FAQ on Xbox.com.
Experts say that high rates of suicidal ideation among young adults underscore a need for access to mental health care.
An estimated 2.6 million adults aged 18 to 25 in the United States—roughly 1 in 13 young adults—reported experiencing serious thoughts of suicide in the past year, according to a report by the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA). The report offered a state-by-state comparison of suicidal ideation in this population.
“Behind the statistics on completed suicides are the troubling large numbers of Americans who think seriously about committing suicide every year and do not receive mental health treatment,” Rachel Limpari, Ph.D., and colleagues at SAMHSA wrote. “Highlighting the prevalence of suicidal thoughts across states may help federal, state, and local policymakers continue to plan for and allocate resources to reduce the negative perceptions associated with mental and emotional issues, seek suicide prevention support, and increase access to mental health treatment.”
The findings of the report were generated from combined results from the 2013 and 2014 National Surveys on Drug Use and Health, which included questions about past-year suicidal thoughts and behaviors. The estimates do not reflect information from young adults who died by suicide in the past year.
The rates of young adults with serious thoughts of suicide over the past year ranged from 6.2 percent in Texas to 10.3 percent in New Hampshire.
Other states with the highest rates of young adults with serious thoughts of suicide included Utah (9.86 percent), Montana (8.53 percent), Michigan (8.41 percent), and Ohio (8.33 percent); the lowest rates were reported in the District of Columbia (6.17 percent), Kansas (6.51 percent), Mississippi (6.64 percent), and Arkansas (6.67 percent).
Overall, the rate of serious suicidal thoughts among young adults remained relatively the same between the 2012-2013 period and 2013-2014 period, both nationally and within each of the states—with the exception of New Hampshire, where it increased from 8.4 percent in 2012-2013 to 10.3 percent in 2013-2014.
“This report underscores the widespread problem of suicidal ideation,” APA President Maria A. Oquendo, M.D., told Psychiatric News. She emphasized the need for psychiatrists to regularly screen patients for suicidal ideation.
“I tell my patients that having suicidal ideation is like having a fever. It means that something medical is going wrong,” she continued. “The key is that if the suicidal ideation is severe or enduring, one should seek medical attention, much like one would for a very high fever or a fever that lasts more than a few days.”
Oquendo, who has conducted extensive research into suicide prevention, said that although there are no current methods to eliminate serious thoughts of suicide, psychiatrists can teach patients various coping skills that may help them to manage such thoughts. ■
Today, on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial in Washington, D.C., U.S. President Barack Obama marked the 50th anniversary of Martin Luther King's I Have a Dream speech by reminding Americans that the civil rights leader's vision was “just a dream” and “not necessarily representative of an eventual reality.”
“Fifty years ago, on the night before he marched on these steps, Dr. King had a dream,” said Obama. “It was a good dream, and that's why we remember it. But like with all dreams, we must understand that it is neither realistic nor necessarily achievable.”
Obama told the audience of tens of thousands that, while dreams can be fun and “sometimes sexy,” they are “also not real.”
“Dreams are a wonderful thing,” he said. “Dreams keep hope alive. But as I'm sure you've all experienced in your own lives, dreams don't often come true.
“When I was a kid, I wanted to be a firefighter. Obviously that didn't pan out.”
Obama said it was “probably best” that King's vision never fully reach fruition, because if everyone was judged by the content of their character, “no one would be treated very well at all.”
Nonetheless, Obama acknowledged that Dr. King's vision of racial harmony in America and throughout the world was “a nice idea,” but he didn't have time to stick around and talk about it, as he had an important meeting about war.
Former President Bill Clinton also delivered a speech at today's event, in which he recounted at length one of his own dreams while touching himself.
This Sunday gone I preached a sermon on Paul's letter to Philemon (though much better second time around in the night service). During the sermon I focused on reconciliation from theology to practice, a tidbit on Paul and slavery, and even threw in some virtue ethics for good measure. But it was during the sermon that I noticed that Paul's letter to Philemon is perhaps the best illustration of justification by faith that I can imagine, something applied concretely to human relationships.
Note vv. 17-18: “So if you consider me a partner, welcome him as you would welcome me. If he has done you any wrong or owes you anything, charge it to me.”
Paul is saying here that he is willing to put himself in the place of Philemon and bear the cost of Onesimus' financial error. Indeed, Paul volunteers to have the cost charged/reckoned/imputed (logizomai) to himself. On the converse side, Paul then asks that Philemon receive Onesimus as if he were Paul. Paul embeds his own apostolic status in Onesimus despite the fact that he is a lowly slave.
So, Paul offers to pay the price of someone's transgression (though he does not offer to trade places with Onesimus) and he urges that one of lowly status be treated with regard to the status and stature of another.
Paul wants the penalty for Onesimus' failure credited to himself and his own status credited to Onesimus. So that Onesimus is, in effect, simil servus et apostolus.
Hmm. What does this remind you of? Double imputation does come to mind!!
Search Catalogue Search Website
A Matter of Time
International Fixed Calendar League
The International Fixed Calendar League was founded in London, in 1923. It proposed a calendar based on that of Comte's, with 13 months of four seven-day weeks. The traditional names of the days and months were maintained; an extra month, Sol, was introduced in the middle of the year. The 365th day of the year was 'Year Day', in leap years an extra 'Leap Day' was added between June and Sol.
The International Fixed Calendar was promoted as being more rational than the Gregorian, and as being better for business. The League seemed to have met with success with the League of Nations, where its proposals were seriously discussed in the 1920s. But the only place the calendar was ever adopted was the Kodak Company, apparently even until as recently as 1989. Kodak's president, George Eastman, was a fervent supporter of the Calendar, and probably supported the League financially as well. In any case, the League had the means to produce countless leaflets, flyers and brochures to promote its cause.
'With Trump, Jews may have a chance to build in Jerusalem again,' says Yitzhak Pindrus.
Deputy Mayor of Jerusalem and former Mayor of Beitar Illit Yitzhak Pindrus (United Torah Judaism) has thrown his support behind Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump in the upcoming November election.
An American citizen registered in the swing state of Ohio, Pindrus said he had already voted for Trump with an absentee ballot.
Speaking to BeHadrei Haredim on Sunday, Pindrus explained his decision to vote, and why he had chosen to back the Republican candidate.
“The rabbinic leadership of the haredi world has instructed us to get involved in politics globally,” said Pindrus, adding that “Agudath Israel America has called upon all haredi Jews to take advantage of their right to vote – a call I followed.”
Regarding his choice in the election, Pindrus explained that his decision was two-fold – both as a Jew interested in the future of Jerusalem, and as an American citizen.
“First of all, my feeling as a Jerusalemite is that there is a greater chance for the building freeze that has been imposed by the Obama administration to be lifted with a change in government,” saying that “the issue of building in Jerusalem is the biggest motivation [to vote for Trump].”
“In addition, as an American citizen I don't really agree with the Obama administration's foreign policy vis-à-vis the Arab states.”
NATIONAL ODD SHOE EXCHANGE was founded in St. Louis, Missouri in 1943. The late Ruth Rubin-Feldman created the organization as a support for polio survivors. Herself a survivor of polio, Ms. Feldman had feet of significantly different sizes. When wartime rationing made buying two sizes even more difficult, she conceived the idea of a service whereby people with similar problems could register their names and sizes. The registry served as a clearing-house that put people with similar interests and tastes, but opposite foot sizes, in touch with one another. Together the new friends could buy footwear and share the cost. No shoes were wasted and they saved money!
With many veterans coming home from the war as amputees, the service grew and broadened its scope. First Lady Elenor Roosevelt gave NATIONAL ODD SHOE EXCHANGE nationwide recognition for providing such a valuable service.
As TPM Election Central first reported a week ago, Obama is on a purple Western state campaign swing this week, targeting New Mexico, Nevada, and Colorado.
TPM Reader BC makes an interesting point:
I think there's a bit more than meets the eye to Obama's swing through New Mexico, Colorado and Nevada this week. Of course, he wants to start wooing swing states for the general election. But I suspect he began with these three because he also wants to start shifting the media narrative about where he needs to win in November to capture a majority of electoral votes. One of the subtle advantages Hillary has had in making her “I do better in the swing states” argument is that her potential path to electoral victory looks much more like the traditional Democratic map. Above all it hinges on Ohio and Florida, which have been seared into traumatized Democrats' minds as ground zero for narrow defeats (or stolen victories). The press, always eager for a simple, dramatic narrative, has happily indulged Clinton's emphasis on these states, and will likely continue to do so when the focus shifts to Obama vs. McCain. Obama's challenge is that he has an equally legitimate path to victory, but it runs through states that neither the media nor the Democratic base readily conceive of as pivotal. Together, New Mexico, Colorado and Nevada offer 19 electoral votes — only one less than Ohio. Add in Iowa, where Obama also shows unusual strength, and you get up to 26 — one less than Florida. Obama can afford to lose one of those “traditional” swing states if he makes it up in these states where he seems to have unique appeal. But if the campaign press corps decides to go spend the next six months camped out in Ohio and Florida filing hand-wringing stories about his struggles with “white working class” voters or elderly Jews, he never gets to make that case, the narrative about his campaign's chances will be much more dour, and some of that pessimism may sink in with the electorate. Campaign tours like this one — not to mention last Tuesday's primary night victory speech in Iowa — are a subtle way to start putting these “Obama swing states” on reporters' radar screens and prime them to tell a different electoral story.
If BC is right, then the Obama camp is aiming its meta-message at people like me. I look at the Obama electoral map and just scratch my head. Can a Dem really win the White House while losing Pennsylvania, Missouri and Florida? Or winning only one of Ohio, Florida, and Pennsylvania?
As SurveyUSA found in a state-by-state electoral college breakdown back in March, Obama could pull it off, at least in theory. But it's not a tried and true path to the Presidency for a Democrat. That doesn't mean it can't happen. But it is a high stakes gamble, the kind that looks brilliant if it works and, well, probably pretty idiotic if it doesn't. Not that Bill or Hillary would ever say I told you so.
Late Update: Dissent, from readers.
TPM Reader JE:
You badly misrepresent the Obama electoral map strategy. He's not visiting western purple states and ignoring Ohio, Pennsylvania, and Florida. Before this western state trip he went to Florida and had what, by all accounts, was a enormously successful set of events, impressing several audiences he supposedly will have trouble impressing. Obama isn't gambling anything, and he will run hard in Florida and Pennsylvania and Ohio. But he will not cede a number of other states that Democratic candidates haven't taken seriously in recent elections. His strategy is to increase the number of states that can reasonably be called competitive. By labeling this a “gamble,” you miss the bigger point and play right into a silly MSM talking point.
TPM Reader SR:
David, I don't know why you're “scratching your head.” The simple fact is that what you're calling “the tried and true path to the presidency for a Democrat” has never actually worked! Ever! Carter won in 76 by carrying the South. Johnson won in 64 by carrying everywhere. Kennedy? Well take at look at his map, it's like some alternate universe. http://www.presidentelect.org/e1960.html “The only time your “tried and true” path more or less worked was in '92 and '96 and, in both case, it only worked because of Ross Perot, the most successful third party candidate in history. Both times, Bill failed to win an electoral majority in many of the key states on the “tried and true path” by a wide margin. Obama's electoral map is not about brilliant or stupid. Its about how doing the same thing over and over again expecting a different result is the definition of stupidity, not insanity. (The definition of insanity is making up your own facts, or your own math, and insisting they're as good as anyone else's facts/math.)
Likewise, TPM Reader CN:
The CW's dark new series Riverdale already has fans buzzing about its fresh take on the classic Archie comic book characters.
The new series picks up on the day before sophomore year begins for Archie (KJ Apa) and his friends at Riverdale High. However, the all-American teens aren't thinking about homecoming dances and football try-outs as much as you'd think — because they're all still reeling from the murder of fellow high-schooler Jason Blossom earlier in the summer.
Riverdale premiere: The murder and love triangles are just the beginning
What exactly happened during those fateful summer months that led to the Riverdale series kick-off? Fans can find out with an Archie comics one-shot which fleshes out the events leading to Jason's murder, taking place before Riverdale picks up. And TVGuide.com can exclusively reveal that the one-shot will be available to readers on March 1.
The comic is being written by Archie chief creative officer and Riverdale showrunner Roberto Aguire-Sacasa and the show's writing staff. We already revealed your exclusive first look at all 10 covers for the one-shot back in October, but now we also have a peek inside the book and at the new lives of Archie, Betty (Lili Reinhart), Jughead (Cole Sprouse) and Veronica (Camila Mendes).
Check them out below:
Riverdale #1 Photo: Archie Comics
Riverdale #1 Photo: Archie Comics
Riverdale #1 Photo: Archie Comics
Riverdale #1 Photo: Archie Comics
Riverdale airs Thursdays at 9/8c on the CW.
(Full-disclosure: TVGuide.com is owned by CBS, one of the CW's parent companies.)
RIVERDALE #1
Script: Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa, Brian E. Paterson, Britta Lundin, James Dewille, Will Ewing
Art: Alitha Martinez, Eliot Fernandez, Jim Towe, Thomas Pitilli
Cover: Alitha Martinez with Steve Downer Variant
Covers: Derek Charm, Adam Gorham, Robert Hack with Kelly Fitzpatrick, Sandra Lanz, Moritat, Dan Parent, Thomas Pitilli, Matthew Dow Smith, Cory Smith Blank Sketch Cover Also Available
On Sale Date: 3/1
48-page, full color comic
$4.99 U.S.
At a joint news conference at the White House, Feb. 15, President Trump responded to a reporter's question about the "sharp rise" of anti-semitism across the United States, saying, "We are going to do everything within our power to stop long-simmering racism and every other thing that's going on." (Reuters)
The final question of Wednesday's joint news conference between the leaders of the United States and Israel was directed at President Trump and focused on anti-Semitism. Here's the question, and Trump's answer, courtesy of the New York Times's Sopan Deb:
This whole answer from Trump, being asked about anti-Semitism in the U.S. Read the whole thing: pic.twitter.com/AblvIC3ulC — Sopan Deb (@SopanDeb) February 15, 2017
The question was centered on the rise in anti-Semitic attacks since Trump won in November and what he would say to allegations that his administration “is playing with xenophobia and maybe racist tones.” It's a tough question, without doubt, but also one that has a relatively simple answer. Rep. Don Beyer (Va.) offered his version of that answer on Twitter shortly after the Trump presser.
.@abbydphillip @TheFix "I abhor anti-Semitism in any form and support efforts of law enforcement to prosecute hate crimes." Fits in a tweet. — Rep. Don Beyer (@RepDonBeyer) February 15, 2017
Beyer is a Democrat, but his suggested answer is one that almost any politician of either party would do well to give. Simple, straightforward and clear.
That was not the answer Trump chose to go with. Not even close.
Instead, Trump spent several sentences — 49 words, to be exact — recalling that he had won 306 electoral votes in the 2016 election when people said he couldn't even win 220 or 221. “And there's tremendous enthusiasm out there,” he added. (I didn't count that sentence in the 49 words; if you do, you wind up with 55 words dedicated to his victory.)
He then segued into a sort-of-but-not-really answer to the question he was asked — REMINDER: It was about the rise of anti-Semitic attacks since he has been elected — by promising that “we are going to have peace in this country” and “we are going to stop crime in this country.”
Those would be two notable achievements. But neither gets to the root of the question Trump was asked: What does he say to a Jewish community around the world and in the United States that is worried about the rise of anti-Semitic attacks since his victory?
Trump's coup de grace came when he cited the fact that his daughter Ivanka Trump and her husband, Jared Kushner, and their children are Jewish. Trump's intent is clear: I care deeply about the Jewish people and loathe anti-Semitism for lots of reasons but one big one is because it hits so close to home for me. Why not say that? As it was, it looked like Trump was just pointing out Jewish people he was related to.
And his final words didn't even seem to match that sentiment: “I think a lot of good things are happening and you're going to see a lot of love. You're going to see a lot of love. Okay?”
Um, okay?
MIAMI — As the final tallies came in on Super Tuesday, even after Hillary Clinton had already secured massive victories among people of color in the Southern states, campaign aides were still keeping special watch over results from the very rural and very white wedge of land that makes up Virginia's 9th Congressional District.
The southwestern corner of the state, encompassing 20 full counties and parts of two others, is comprised almost exclusively of white voters. And Clinton — after faltering early against Bernie Sanders in mostly white states like Iowa and New Hampshire — appeared to be winning.
If she could hold her lead there, aides argued inside the dark Miami event space where the candidate held her victory rally, it would be evidence of a broadening, diverse, November-ready Clinton coalition.
By night's end, Clinton clinched seven states, one U.S. territory, and a lead of more than 180 pledged delegates over Sanders, campaign manager Robby Mook noted in a four-page memo released by the campaign on Wednesday. The delegate margin, Mook argues, is larger than any Barack Obama had in the last Democratic primary — making it “increasingly difficult and eventually mathematically impossible for Sanders to catch up.”
But on Tuesday, aides seemed particularly interested in places like Virginia's 9th District, where they saw signs of growth in their base of older voters, women, and people of color. Clinton ultimately won the area, and by a margin of nearly 10%, according to AP results in the district's 20 counties.
“We're very encouraged to see that not only is she performing well in the places that she did all along, but we're seeing good results in rural, largely white parts of the state of Virginia,” said campaign spokesman Brian Fallon, who huddled with reporters here after Clinton's speech to discuss Super Tuesday results.
The “meaningful development,” he argued, was as much a promising sign for future Democratic contests, such as in Rust Belt states like Ohio and Michigan, as for the general election.
“That's a good indication that we are broadening the coalition that we built in the first four states,” Fallon said. “We have the makings of a broad-based, diverse coalition that could not just power her to the nomination, but also make for a winning coalition in a general election.”
(Virginia's 9th District is not without its complications: Once Democratic, the district has leaned Republican the last few cycles — and in a potential general election against Trump, who did well in there with significantly higher turnout, Clinton may face difficulties with Rust Belt voters while performing better with other voters.)
The campaign moves into the next set of contests — held on March 5, March 8, and March 15 — with a strong Super Tuesday showing among voting blocs already supporting Clinton in the Democratic primary. Where Obama in 2008 claimed young voters, liberals, and people of color during the Democratic primary, Clinton appears to be building a base of older voters, people of color, and women. Across those states, black voters supported Clinton widely. (In Alabama, the margin was as large as 93% to 5%.) Clinton also did better with Latino voters, particularly in Texas.
Fallon acknowledged that the campaign has “room to grow,” particularly among young people, who have rallied in early contests behind Sanders and the anti-Wall Street political revolution at the center of his campaign. Clinton has refined her pitch to young people, promising to be “for them,” even if they aren't “for her” right now. Campaign aides hope to grow the support they've already seen among young people of color. “We want to expand and build off of that,” Fallon said.
In the campaign memo released Wednesday, highlighting the vast margins in Southern states, Mook argues that Sanders can not recover from the delegate lead Clinton has already amassed. Through strategic targeting, Mook says, Clinton may, for instance, be able to claim more delegates from just one congressional district, Alabama's 7th, than Sanders will from his victory in the state of Oklahoma.
Clinton aides questioned Sanders' larger strategy, saying the Vermont senator has not been able to expand his support among people of color — even in states such as South Carolina, where he spent $2 million on ads and sent 200 paid staffers. (Clinton won by a nearly 50-point margin, and 68 points among black voters.)
Ahead of Super Tuesday, the Sanders campaign targeted five states as must-wins — Vermont, Minnesota, Oklahoma, Colorado, and Massachusetts — ceding the most diverse states to Clinton. “You can't win the nomination writing off the most diverse states,” said Fallon. “If you're seriously going to vie for the Democratic nomination, you need to be able to win states like here in Florida — and there's not been a result yet where the Sanders campaign has won in a state that gives you confidence to think that they will seriously vie in a state like Florida."
"So that's just true of the Democratic nomination," Fallon said, "to say nothing of the coalition you would need in a general election.”
Sanders aides recognize the problems they face going forward. The morning after Super Tuesday, at a breakfast with reporters, top strategist Tad Devine said the campaign would be working harder to introduce Sanders to people of color in the South. "We think we can do a lot better, and this is why: because Bernie has an incredible personal story to tell about his activism in the civil rights movement,” Devine said. “We think that as they get to know him better — understand where he comes from and what he's saying — we think we're gonna do better.”
Still, in the same breath, Devine also said the campaign is looking forward to contests in the Midwest — friendlier terrain for Sanders. “The experience of communities in places like Michigan will perhaps make Bernie's message on economics a much more powerful and resonant message,” he told reporters.
On the other side, Clinton aides see an important difference in the way the two campaigns are approaching voters across the map.
Put by Fallon: “We are running a truly national campaign,”
Evan McMorris-Santoro contributed reporting from Vermont.
Earlier this year, a number of Republicans flew to California to make fundraising pitches to more than four hundred wealthy conservative donors attending a private conference hosted by the Koch brothers.
It's worth taking a moment to ask the question, who are the Koch brothers, and what do they want?
The Koch brothers are the second-wealthiest family in America worth $82 billion. For the Koch brothers, $82 billion in wealth apparently is not good enough. Owning the second-largest private company in America is apparently not good enough. It doesn't appear that they will be satisfied until they are able to control the entire political process.
This issue isn't personal for me. I don't know the Koch brothers, but I do know this. They have advocated for destroying the federal programs that are critical to the financial and personal health of middle class Americans.
Now, most Americans know that the Koch brothers are the primary source of funding for the Tea Party, and that's fine. They know that they favor the outright repeal of the Affordable Care Act, and that's their opinion. It's wrong, but that's fine as well.
But it is not widely known that David Koch once ran for Vice President of the United States of America on the Libertarian Party ticket because he believed Ronald Reagan was much too liberal. And he ran on a platform that included the following:
“We favor the repeal of the fraudulent, virtually bankrupt and increasingly oppressive Social Security system.”
“We favor the abolition of Medicare and Medicaid programs.”
“We support repeal of all laws which impede the ability of any person to find employment, such as minimum wage laws…”
“We support the eventual repeal of all taxation.”
In 1980, David Koch's presidential ticket received one percent of the vote from the American people. And rightly so. His views were so extreme they were rejected completely out of hand by the American people.
But fast forward almost thirty-six years, and one of the most significant realities of modern politics is just how successful David Koch and the like-minded billionaires attending his retreat have been at moving the Republican Party to the extreme right. The ideas above that were dismissed as downright crazy in 1980 are now part of today's mainstream Republican thinking.
The Koch brothers, and billionaires like them, have bought up the private sector and now they're buying up the government. It's up to us to put a stop to them, but it will require all of us standing together with one voice on this issue.
Here's the truth: The economic and political systems of this country are stacked against ordinary Americans. The rich get richer and use their wealth to buy elections, and I believe that we cannot change this corrupt system by taking its money. If we're serious about creating jobs, health care for all, climate change, and the needs of our children and the elderly, we must be serious about campaign finance reform.
So far in this election, less than four hundred families have contributed the majority of all the money raised by all the candidates and super PACs combined. According to media reports, one family will spend more money in this election than either the Democratic or Republican Parties.
This is not democracy. This is oligarchy.
Our job is not to think small in this moment. The current system of campaign finance in this country is utterly corrupt. That is one of the reasons I am so proud of how we have funded our campaign — over 2.5 million contributions from working Americans giving less than $30 at a time. But our campaign is unique.
We must pass a constitutional amendment to overturn Citizens United, and I will not nominate any justice to the Supreme Court who does not make it abundantly clear that she or he will overturn that decision. We need legislation that requires wealthy individuals and corporations who make large campaign contributions to disclose where their money is going. And more importantly, I believe we need to move towards the public funding of elections.
Our vision for American democracy should be a nation in which all people, regardless of their income, can participate in the political process, can run for office without begging for contributions from the wealthy and the powerful.
Tomorrow afternoon (Jan. 5) I'll be in New York City to deliver a major speech about our need to create a financial system that works for all Americans, not just the few.
In solidarity,
Bernie Sanders
It's been nine days since ESPN suspended Bill Simmons for going on a mildly profane and not-at-all edgy rant about NFL commissioner Roger Goodell. So what's Simmons been up to since then? Based on his Instagram account (which he is apparently not banned from using, unlike his Twitter account), it seems like he's been having a real chill time.
He had a real chill day at the beach.
He went to a cool and chill party with Jimmy Kimmel and that other guy and that other other guy:
He reminded everyone how much money he has:
Advertisement
He golfed:
He golfed some more:
Advertisement
So, is there any secret message to be derived from these pictures? Nah. Simmons is just using Instagram to connect with his fans and let them, his fans, know that he's doing well and leading a really comfortable, relaxing existence while away from work. He really wants his fans to know that.
The group of around 40 demonstrators gathered outside the building at Grosvener Square on Friday evening, warning Trump to ‘stay away' from the UK, presstv.com reported.
The protesters held banners which read ‘dump Trump' and ‘no to racism' while shouting chants including ‘Donald Trump stay away, racist sexist' and ‘No racist Trump, no state visit.'
The rally was organized by campaign group ‘Stand Up to Racism' after the US leader re-tweeted three unverified anti-Muslim videos posted by a British far-right group.
US President Donald Trump has told UK Prime Minister Theresa May to focus on ‘terrorism' in the UK after she criticized his sharing anti-Islam videos.
On Wednesday, Trump provoked a wave of anger and disgust from US human rights groups and UK politicians for re-tweeting incendiary videos posted by Jayda Fransen, deputy leader of the far-right group Britain First.
Earlier this month, Fransen was found guilty of religiously aggravated harassment after she verbally abused a Muslim woman wearing a hijab.
Fransen, whose group wants to ban Islam in Britain, is facing further criminal charges of racially aggravated assault.
A spokesman for UK Prime Minister Theresa May said Thursday ‘it is wrong' for Trump to re-tweet the inflammatory videos.
In response, Trump tweeted that May should focus on defending Britain from terrorism rather than criticizing him. His unprecedented attack on one of America's closest allies sparked outrage in Britain's political establishment.
Trump, 71, was due to visit the UK in 2018, but a date is yet to be confirmed. The working visit, which would not involve meeting Queen Elizabeth, would likely avoid the mass protests threatened by a full-blown state visit.
Activists warned this week that more than a million people could take to the streets to protest his upcoming UK visit, after a boom in the number of people pledging to march following his anti-Muslim re-tweets.
Organizers of the ‘Stop Trump UK' group told the Evening Standard there has been a ‘huge response' after the latest controversy. "I think people would be absolutely furious that such a man could come to our country," said Naima Omar, a student organizer at group.
Source:Irandailynews
In their report, the researchers said the findings supported the idea that the left-right orientation for numbers is innate rather than determined by culture or education — a possibility that was raised by some studies that found that in Arabic-speaking countries where letters and numbers are read right to left, the mental number scale was reversed. But the new research, Dr. Rugani and her colleagues wrote, indicates that orienting numbers in space may represent “a universal cognitive strategy available soon after birth.”
Tyler Marghetis, a doctoral candidate in psychology at the University of California, San Diego, who has published research on the spatial association of numbers, called the researcher's studies “very cool.”
“We have brains that evolved for fighting and finding food, not for doing calculus,” Mr. Marghetis said. “So one of the hopes of this kind of research is that it will tell us something about the basic building blocks we have access to in building up these more human concepts.”
But Mr. Marghetis said that the studies demonstrated only that the chicks associated rough quantities that were smaller or larger with left or right, not that they represented precise numbers in a mental line. And he cautioned against leaping from the study's findings to the idea that chicks are capable of the same complex numerical abilities as humans.
Judging amounts, either of how much food is available or how many predators are nearby, is an important tool for survival. And many nonhuman species — including chickens, pigeons, monkeys and even some species of fish — have some ability to count, though this may be a capacity to distinguish rough numerical magnitude rather than precise numbers.
At a House Ways & Means Committee hearing today, we're hearing from several conservative groups who say they were targeted by the IRS when they applied for tax-exempt status.
RELATED: In Unscripted Moment, Paul Ryan Blasts Dem Rep for Calling Investigation Merely 'Political Theater'
Kevin Kookogey, president of Linchpins of Liberty, was the first to testify. In his opening statement, he said he applied for 501(c)(3) status as a nonprofit educational organization, but as of today has been waiting 29 months to be granted that status by the IRS. He said the IRS asked him to identify the political affiliations of his mentors and his political position on many issues.
He was also told to inform the federal government "in detail" what he would be teaching students and who he was "training." Kookogey asked what would have happened if he had turned over the names of students, including minors, to the IRS, saying he could have faced legal action from parents.
Kookogey said numerous calls to the IRS about his application went unanswered. Finally, he received a call back from an IRS agent in Cincinnati on Dec. 31, 2011, who told him they were "waiting on guidance from our superiors as to your organization and similar organizations."
Watch his full opening statement above.
Tunnel collapse at the Hanford nuclear site. (Photo: KING)
Engineering studies made public Friday reveal serious structural problems with two tunnels at the Hanford Site where highly radioactive materials are stored.
The reports were prepared following the May 9 discovery of a collapsed section of the roof of one of the tunnels. The U.S. Department of Energy, the owner and operator at Hanford, said no workers were exposed to radiation in that incident, which prompted evacuations and lock-downs across the site.
The two studies released Friday evaluated the structural integrity of two tunnels located near the Hanford PUREX plant -- a decommissioned facility where plutonium was processed when Hanford was an active part of the U.S. nuclear weapons program. Both tunnels were built more than 50 years ago and currently hold abandoned railroad cars and equipment that is heavily radioactive.
The reports, ordered by the Washington State Dept. of Ecology through an Administrative Order and carried out by the U.S. Dept. of Energy, found the tunnel that failed on May 9 (Tunnel #1) is an "extreme collapse hazard" and that Tunnel #2 is a "high potential collapse hazard."
Report authors warn that Hanford workers and equipment should stay clear of the tunnel areas to "avoid potential collapse, avoid exposure to high levels of radiation."
KING 5 reported in May that concerns about the tunnels' condition had been voiced for decades by scientists and engineers working at Hanford. The two new reports declare that both tunnels are at risk of collapse and "do not meet current structural codes and standards."
The Department of Energy said it is working with its contractors on a plan for stabilizing the two tunnels and will present those plans to the Washington State Department of Ecology, which plays an important oversight role at Hanford.
"We took quick action in response to the Tunnel No. 1 collapse because of the potential for additional structural failures. We're closely monitoring the situation to make sure Energy finds an effective solution," said Alex Smith, Nuclear Waste Program manager for the Department of Ecology.
"We will work closely with Ecology to determine how best to stabilize Tunnel No. 2 and ensure the safe storage of the waste until it can be remediated," said Doug Shoop, Manager, DOE Richland Operations Office.
Hanford is the site of a decades-long clean-up project overseen by the federal government. When the PUREX plant was operational in the 1950s and 1960s, decommissioned processing equipment was loaded on railcars and stored in the tunnels. The railcars were buried without protective packaging that would be standard today. Tunnel No. 1 holds eight railcars full of some of the most radioactive solid materials at Hanford.
KING 5 obtained documents detailing the types of toxins in the tunnel and the level of contamination. Dangerous compounds such as lead, mercury, chromium cadmium, and silver have contaminated the equipment. Silver can cause a fire. Other documents show massive amounts of radiation -- some items measured at 40,000 curies. That's a measurement of radioactivity rarely seen anywhere.
Hanford was a key facility for the country's nuclear weapons program from the early 1940s to 1989 when the Cold War ended. For approximately 45 years, plutonium was produced at the reservation located near Richland. Hanford is considered the most toxic workplace in the United States as well as the country's biggest nuclear dump. The clean-up involves everything from destroying old buildings, removing heavy metals from groundwater, and stabilizing millions of gallons of radioactive, toxic sludge.
Follow Susannah Frame on Twitter: @SFrameK5
© 2017 KING-TV
The 2016 Corruption Perceptions Index, released Wednesday by Transparency International, has given Australia a score of 79 out of 100, on a scale ranging from 'highly corrupt' to 'very clean'.
The score was the result of a compilation of 13 international data sources, surveys and reports which specialised in governance and business climate analysis, such as The World Bank Country Policy and Institutional Assessment 2015.
The score matched last year's result, but signalled a decline on previous years, including 80 in 2014 and 85 in 2012.
Professor AJ Brown from Transparency International Australia said the data which led to the score was compiled before the most recent parliamentary entitlements scandal that led to former Minister Sussan Ley's resignation, which he said would have "probably had an impact".
"So with this in mind, there is reason to be concerned that Australia isn't dealing with corruption as well as it should be, confidence in that remains ambivalent to where it should be, or where we would like it to be," he told SBS News.
"So the big question now is what are we going to do about it?"
He said the score offered an opportunity for the public sector to look deeper into the issue of corruption.
"The big question was whether we were going to continue our slump over the past few years or turn it around in terms of perceptions about how corrupt the government is in Australia.
"The fact that we have ended up plateauing and staying where we were last year gives us a little breathing space to figure out how we were going to turn it around."
Professor Brown said his organisation had sent the findings to the federal government and they are working on methods to deal with the issues.
Transparency Australia will host a National Integrity conference in March where there will be representatives from the public and private sectors.
Related reading Ministers bill taxpayers to attend PM's private New Years Eve function
How other countries fared
Denmark and New Zealand topped this year's index of countries perceived as being clean, with scores of 90, closely followed by Finland, 89, Sweden, 88, and Switzerland, 86.
The UK came in equal 10th position with a score of 81, while US placed 18th with a score of 74.
The countries that fared worse were Somalia, 10, South Sudan, 11, North Korea, 12, and Syria, 13.
Professor Brown said a concern for Australia was that trading partners in south-east Asia had scored lower than in previous years.
"The fact that quit a few of the Asia-Pacific countries which we have strong relationships with decreased on the index, is something that Australia has really got to watch," he said.
"Thailand, Korea, Japan, Malaysia and Singapore have all gone down by at least one point. This really confirmed that we live, work and trade in an environment where we can't afford to be complacent in terms of our exposure to corruption pressures."
Adhokshjanand Devtirath, the self-proclaimed Shankaracharya of Puri has gifted a cow to Uttar Pradesh Minister for Urban Development and Parliamentary Affairs Mohammed Azam Khan, reports The Times Of India.
The gesture comes two days after Khan had called a ban on cow slaughter, saying it was a crime during the Mughal rule too. “I would like to exhort all those who have cows to take care of them and when they die, to cremate them with full honour," he had said in Rampur on Saturday.
However, Khan told The Times Of India that the gift was the religious leader's way of following up on a promise he had made seven months ago, when Khan had laid the foundation stone for a cow shelter at Devtirath's ashram in Mathura. Khan had expressed his desire for a black cow and Devtirath reportedly promised that he would find him one. When he did, he sent it to Khan.
Devtirath shot to fame when he claimed that he is the true Shankaracharya of Puri, and not Swami Nischalananda Saraswati, who is the anointed Shankaracharya, according to the Govardhan Peetham's official website.
The New Indian Express quotes Khan as saying that he has known the religious leader for a long time now, and since the gift shows love, he'll reply to the gesture with love.
With inputs from IANS
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
"Weird Al” Yankovic is the most successful comedy recording artist of all time, best known for hit song parodies such as “Amish Paradise,” “Eat It” and “White & Nerdy.” A three-time Grammy Award winner, Yankovic caught his first big break after sending in an unsolicited tape to the Dr. Demento Radio Show. The song, a parody of The Knack's “My Sharona” called “My Bologna” (recorded in the bathroom of Al's colle...
"Weird Al” Yankovic is the most successful comedy recording artist of all time, best known for hit song parodies such as “Amish Paradise,” “Eat It” and “White & Nerdy.” A three-time Grammy Award winner, Yankovic caught his first big break after sending in an unsolicited tape to the Dr. Demento Radio Show. The song, a parody of The Knack's “My Sharona” called “My Bologna” (recorded in the bathroom of Al's college campus radio station), was a smash on the good Doctor's show and became Al's first national record release.
Gene Robinson, the openly gay bishop whose election split the Anglican church, has announced that he is divorcing his husband.
Robinson, 66, who retired in 2010, made his announcement in an email to the diocese of New Hampshire and in an article for The Daily Beast. He and Mark Andrew entered a civil union in 2008 and converted it to a marriage when New Hampshire legalised the institution, in 2010.
Between 1972 and 1986 Robinson was married to Isabella McDaniel, with whom he has two daughters. McDaniel supported his 2003 election as bishop of New Hampshire, which, caused conservative Episcopalians in the US to break away and was the subject of intense debate in the worldwide Anglican church.
During his consecration, having received death threats and having been the subject of a smear campaign, Robinson and Andrew wore bulletproof vests. In 2006 he was treated for problems with alcohol. In 2009 Robinson was invited to speak at the inauguration of President Barack Obama; after his retirement he joined a think thank, Center for American Progress, with close ties to the administration.
For the Daily Beast, Robinson wrote: “Recently, my partner and husband of 25-plus years and I decided to get divorced.
“While the details of our situation will remain appropriately private, I am seeking to be as open and honest in the midst of this decision as I have been in other dramatic moments of my life – coming out in 1986, falling in love, and accepting the challenge of becoming Christendom's first openly gay priest to be elected a bishop in the historic succession of bishops stretching back to the apostles.”
He added: “It is at least a small comfort to me, as a gay rights and marriage equality advocate, to know that like any marriage, gay and lesbian couples are subject to the same complications and hardships that afflict marriages between heterosexual couples.”
Jim Naughton, an advocate for gay rights and co-founder of Canticle Communications, told the Associated Press the "strength, grace and generosity" shown by Robinson and Andrew would “always be a source of inspiration" for Episcopalians and Anglicans seeking acceptance of gay relationships.
Naughton said: "Anyone who is using this moment to pass judgment on what kinds of Christians LGBT people are needs to reflect more deeply on their own Christianity."
In 2010, announcing his retirement, Robinson told his New Hampshire diocese: “Death threats, and the now-worldwide controversy surrounding your election of me as bishop, have been a constant strain, not just on me, but on my beloved husband, Mark, who has faithfully stood with me every minute of the last seven years, and in some ways, you.”
On the eve of his consecration, Robinson's hometown newspaper, Kentucky's Lexington Herald-Leader, called him: "The most controversial Anglican leader since Henry VIII."
In men's minds radicalism is associated with violence and control of others. Their minds jump to cult leaders and religious fundamentalists and terrorist groups – this is what radical means to them as they can only perceive of radicalism through their own male lens.
With cult leaders the most notorious and deadly have been men who had/have an extreme need for domination. Many use ‘sex' (and the prohibition of it) to enforce dominance and control over their followers. Male followers are denied the ‘right' to ‘their' women for their own sexual use, mothers are required to relinquish their daughters to the leader for his (or his favored male followers') sexual use, individual women are expected to offer themselves up to the leader for the same purposes. Men are robbed of their ownership of 'their' females, thus emasculating them, and females are denied ownership of themselves.
Often religious fundamentalists operate in the form of a cult, or mini-cult. Warren Jeffs and his polygamist sect come to mind – virtually no different than many other cults in terms of 'sex' used as a weapon of dominance and control. On a smaller scale, individual polygamist 'families' operate in the same fashion. In a different, but not at all unrelated way, Quiverful families (like the Duggars) are headed by one man with complete control over the woman's reproductive system and those of their many female children, this in the sense that he is the one to decide which man will be awarded their sexual servitude.
Although terrorist groups often have sexual-reward components, they are primarily driven by socio-political agendas that have little to do with the 'leader' actively and directly imposing his dominance over women and girls in a systematically sexualized way as part of the overall group control toolkit. Yet terrorist leaders are often lumped in with the two other types.
It is clear that these ‘radical' cults are simply smaller specialized subsets of the global patriarchal culture – violence and sexualized domination used as weapons to wield control over others – although this connection is rarely made by men and most women. ‘Radical' cults are wrong and bad in the minds of men because one man has too much control over too many others; they go too far with their demands on other men and keep too many women and girls for themselves – they are too transparent, they give away the secrets of male domination because they are too greedy, too violent and too crazy to care about the need of all the other men in the world to be believed to be generous, kind and sane by the women and girls they have a ‘right' to dominate and control with violence and 'sex'.
Enter the concept of radical feminism – there is a leap of non-thought and non-logic to male defined 'radical' groups or cults when radical feminism is brought up. Because radicals are focused on domination and control of others, are violent and often use 'sex' as a weapon, radical feminists must be out to dominate and control others by means of ideology, 'sex' and violence. Just like male cult leaders only in reverse.
Historically there have been very, very few female 'cult' leaders. Many of the few were women who took patriarchal religions in an offshoot direction, who expected ‘sexual' abstinence/restraint (no/little PIV – which benefits females) for various reasons, but who were adamantly against violence of any kind; one can suppose that at least some of these female leaders considered PIV violence. An even smaller number of female 'leaders' who did commit acts of violence (human sacrifice, for example) were self-proclaimed and were joined by men in the group or by male family members in those crimes, however sexualized control of the group in those cases does not appear to have been a factor.
Radical feminists bear no hallmarks of ‘radical cults' – there are not hundreds of women gathered together in compounds supporting a sole leader's need for domination. No children (or women or men for that matter) are being demanded for ‘sexual' access. There is no violence against anyone. Yet we, as individuals, are held up as the same as the most murderous, ‘sexually deviant‘, greedy, ‘crazy' men who have been, and are, the leaders of ‘radical cults‘ and only because we tell the truth about men.
And that truth is that men use violence and ‘sex' (PIV) to dominate and control every aspect of life on the planet. When a handful of radical feminists state that truth clearly and unequivocally they are held up as dangerous and crazy by men and women alike as though we are 'radical' and have no business claiming to be feminists, or even radical feminists of the male-acceptable (PIV positive, boyfriend and husband keeping) pabulum variety – we serve as a cautionary tale: to accept the logic of the inherent violence of 'sex', the purpose it serves in domination and control of all women and girls on a global scale, is to be a monster akin to… men.
———–
See this as an example of a liberal (feminist) woman ‘defending' the radical feminists in their venue…
Advertisements
Occupation leader Ammon Bundy confirmed in federal court Tuesday he had a plan to take over the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge before Jan. 2, 2016, when the occupation began.
The testimony delivered at the U.S. District Courthouse in Portland contradicted what Bundy said during his own trial in October.
Bundy gave testimony Tuesday as the first witness for the defense in the trial of four occupiers involved in last year's 41-day occupation. Defendants Darryl Thorn, Jake Ryan, Duane Ehmer and Jason Patrick were charged with Bundy in the same superseding indictment.
On the stand, Bundy confirmed there was a meeting on Dec. 29, 2015, at a home in Burns, Oregon, where he articulated his plan to seize the refuge. But he said neither the meeting, nor his plan, were secret.
“We needed to take a hard stand, if you will,” Bundy testified. “So, I felt we could go into the refuge and occupy the refuge.”
Bundy said he spoke openly about his idea to take over the refuge before the occupation began, not only in the Dec. 29 meeting, but also with members of the Harney County Committee of Safety — a group of residents sets up by Bundy in the weeks before the occupation.
FULL COVERAGE An Occupation In Eastern Oregon Ongoing coverage of the federal case against the people involved in the 41-day armed occupation of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge and how life has changed in Harney County, Oregon.
News of a meeting to discuss the occupation of the refuge first came to light Monday, when occupier Blaine Cooper testified about it as part of the government's case. Cooper said the meeting was so secretive Bundy had people turn off their cellphones and leave their laptops outside the meeting room.
On Tuesday, Bundy said he wanted people to turn their phones off because he didn't want to be interrupted as he spoke about his research into the case of Dwight and Steven Hammond, two Harney County ranchers convicted of arson. The occupiers claimed they had come to Oregon to oppose the Hammonds' incarceration.
“I then proposed going into the refuge,” Bundy said.
Both Cooper and Bundy testified that after the Dec. 29 meeting there was no definite plan to take over the refuge on a specific date or time.
“It wasn't decided,” Bundy said. “I left it open.”
Both men also said there were people at the meeting who didn't agree with Bundy's idea.
The testimony seemed to contradict Bundy's own description of events in his October trial, during which he said there was no plan to occupy the refuge. A jury eventually acquitted Bundy and six others of conspiring to prevent federal employees from going to the refuge.
Bundy acknowledged during cross-examination Tuesday that his actions kept employees from going to work at the refuge. But he also pushed back during Assistant U.S. Attorney Ethan Knight's cross-examination.
“This is not about the refuge employees at all,” Bundy said, adding that his protest of the federal government was “bigger” than the refuge employees.
“It's much bigger than them, but they still couldn't go to work,” Knight said.
“That's correct,” Bundy said.
Bundy said, as he has in the past, that federal employees who wanted to go to work at the refuge could have if they wanted.
A Saugus mother pleaded guilty Monday to raping two boys and sharing nude pictures of herself with them in 2014, the Essex District Attorney's office said in a statement.
Heather Salines, 40, pleaded guilty to two counts of child rape, two counts of child enticement, two counts of dissemination of obscene matter to a minor, and one count of indecent assault and battery on a person 14 or older.
She was sentenced to four years in prison and three years of probation, during which she will be monitored by a GPS bracelet and must stay away from the victims, have no unsupervised contact with children under 16, and register as a sex offender, the DA's office said.
Advertisement
Salines allegedly accosted a 14-year-old boy while he was a guest in her home in February 2014. She called him to her bedroom, removed her bra, and began to kiss and fondle him, according to the DA's office. She allegedly asked several times to perform oral sex on him.
The DA's office said Salines sent the victim multiple text messages that included naked pictures of herself after he left. The 14-year-old never responded to her texts or returned to her home, according to the DA's office.
In March 2014, Salines allegedly began to exchange texts, which also included naked photographs of herself, with another victim, a 15-year-old boy. The DA's office said Salines engaged in oral sex and intercourse with this victim twice.
On one of those occasions, Salines and the victim took a selfie together in bed, according to the DA's office. Officials at the Belmonte Middle School found out about the explicit images of Salines on the victim's phone and notified police.
In 2014, prosecutors said the 15-year-old was vulnerable as his own mother had died and he saw Salines as a mother figure.
“These actions are beyond despicable,” District Attorney Jonathan Blodgett said. “This defendant took advantage of her position as a trusted adult and betrayed that trust in a most vile way.”
Possibly taking a cue from a lawless militia group who took a fancy to the Malheur Wildlife Refuge in Oregon and decided to call the whole place home sweet home, Judge Roy Moore, of Alabama renown, decided to follow suit January 6, 2016. Kim Davis, the fiery upstart county clerk, was likely to have been an inspiration for this latest spectacle, as well as “segregation now, segregation tomorrow, segregation forever” former Governor George Wallace.
Claiming the entire state of Alabama a Refuge for Bible-based bigotry, he declared that the Supreme Court was not so supreme, though previously he had seemingly valued their opinion. As recently as March of last year, Old Roy had declared that his state's standoff with same-sex marriage had credibility derived from SCOTUS, but not so much anymore. Today is a new and wildly free day. In fact, to “clarify the confusion” on the matter, Roy found it a lot more advantageous to just set up camp as top authority on the entire state grounds. To hell with the Supremes and those pesky LGBT Alabamians still calling the state Sweet Home.
Nevermind that we all know this is just another spectacle, meant more as the final bleating call of a rare and majestic dying species of Southern defiance and unparalleled buffoonery. The call that is becoming increasingly muted and dispersed, even in the backwoods of the South. Nevermind that the progressive thinkers residing in the state gasp in horror as they watch Roy continue to paint the state with that same broad and crude paint stroke that attempts to equate a rebel flag with some sort of noble enlightened heritage. For now we are going to pretend that this is all going to work out in favor of Roy, a besieged Oregon bird sanctuary, a country clerk who doesn't have to do her job because Jesus, the Tea Party, or for Ted Cruz, Mike Huckabee, Jeb!, Marco Rubio, or Rick Santorum's Presidential dreams of Theocratic grandeur.
And along the same lines of thinking as a militia taking over an isolated and unpopulated outcamp in Oregon without apparent forethought, please send snacks. But nothing too sugary because it get's Roy even more agitated than usual. Son Caleb E. Moore asked for more“boats and hoes” if you could spare them among a few other items we won't mention. It seems the items on the wish list just might grow a bit extensive! It is a whole state after all, but hey, we all know states like Alabama are the most dependent on handouts anyway. Things might just work out for Old Roy after all. One can dream of sharing the wonder of a wild and free refuge for the ultra-conservative Bible Thumpers, unfettered by the constraints of a world in which diversity exists…where the call of the bigot can still be heard and admired by a dogged, tenacious, and paltry few. Roy has a dream.
An undated file picture released by the Hebrew University of Jerusalem May 8, 2007 shows an aerial view of Herodium, where the Roman-anointed "King of the Jews," Herod the Great's fortress palace once stood, in the south of the West Bank city of Bethlehem. REUTERS/Hebrew University of Jerusalem/Handout
By Luke Baker
HERODIUM, West Bank (Reuters) - Standing on the monumental hillside south of Bethlehem where King Herod the Great was buried more than 2,000 years ago, Fadi Kattan stretches out his arm to point out the nearby Israeli settlements of Tekoa and Nokdim.
"That's part of the problem," says Kattan, a Palestinian tourism expert, explaining the obstacles hindering the growth of the local industry in the occupied West Bank and East Jerusalem.
Because of the roads Israel builds mainly for Jewish settlers, including Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman, who lives in Nokdim, Palestinian areas are frequently cut off, making them less accessible to tourists, he says.
Then there is Herodium, a major attraction administered by Israel's Nature and Parks Authority. The income flows to Israel, not the Palestinians. The same goes for Qumran, where the Dead Sea Scrolls were found, which is also in the West Bank.
Perhaps most challenging, Palestinian tour operators cannot easily tap into the 300 million Arabs living in nearby countries since very few of them can readily visit the West Bank, whose borders are controlled by Israel.
"When you add it all up, the movement and access problems and everything else, we are losing $1.4 billion a year," says Kattan, estimating that current revenue of $460 million a year would be nearer $1.8 billion if locals had full control.
It is an issue that comes to the fore every year in the run-up to Christmas, when tens of thousands of religious tourists make their way to Bethlehem, other parts of the West Bank and Jerusalem to celebrate the birth, life and death of Jesus.
To highlight the increasing strain Bethlehem and surrounding towns are under, Palestinian officials took a group of foreign journalists on a guided tour of the area this week.
Underscoring how sensitive the topic is, the Israeli tourism ministry is taking journalists on its own tour of Nazareth and other Christian towns in Israel on Sunday, and the Israel Project, a pro-Israel group, has organised another media tour two days later covering Christian churches.
When it comes to Bethlehem, a city of 25,000 just eight kilometres (five miles) south of Jerusalem, the critical issue is getting foreign tourists past Israel's separation wall and checkpoints and convincing them to stay the night.
Many now choose to stay in Jerusalem and make a day trip. Palestinian officials say the growth of Israeli settlements - there are now 22 around Bethlehem - is steadily strangling access, prompting tourists to stay away.
"We can't have real development in this sector until the occupation ends," said Rula Ma'aya, the Palestinian minister of tourism, decrying the pressure on overnight stays.
The tourism minister expects 2.5 million tourists to have visited the West Bank and East Jerusalem this year, around the same level as 2013.
Figures show overnight stays are up 9 percent this year from last year, but officials say the number remains far below what it should be and the overall revenue is down.
While visitors from Russia, Poland and Italy - the top three - tend to stay the night, Americans, who spend more, are more likely to stay in Jerusalem, with the revenue going to Israel.
"In history, Bethlehem and Jerusalem were always twin cities," said Ma'aya. "Now, Bethlehem is being isolated."
(Writing by Luke Baker; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
Plenty of Westerners have expressed disgust at Russia's new law criminalizing the “propaganda of non-traditional sexual relations.” But few statesmen have put the issue in terms quite as blunt as has Canadian Foreign Minister John Baird. “This mean-spirited and hateful law will affect all Russians,” he told an interviewer earlier this summer. “It is an incitement to intolerance, which breeds hate. And intolerance and hate breed violence.” Mr. Baird also revealed that Canadian officials have personally pressed the issue with their Russian counterparts on no fewer than eight occasions.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper hasn't just come around to gay rights: He has made the issue a centrepiece of Canada's foreign policy. His government has fiercely rebuked draconian anti-gay laws in Africa, to the point of infuriating the social-conservative group REAL Women of Canada, which this month publicly denounced Mr. Baird for using his position “to further his own perspective on homosexuality.” The Conservative government has offered protection to persecuted gays in Iran and worked diplomatic channels to convince Russia to scotch plans to ban foreign adoptions by gay couples.
And in an odd twist, the Tories' hard-line stance against homophobic governments overseas has boomeranged back to powerfully influence the mainstream conservative view of homosexuality here in Canada — a rare example of a foreign-policy posture setting the agenda on an otherwise purely domestic social issue. In the last two decades, support for gay rights in Canada has advanced, particularly compared to historic fights for minority rights, with breathtaking speed, and much of it happening under a Conservative government.
As a result, the Conservatives of 2013 would surely be unrecognizable to the conservative politicians of the 1990s. The Reform party, where Mr. Harper began his political life, voted against the inclusion of gays and lesbians in the Human Rights Act. Reform founder Preston Manning described homosexuality as “destructive to the individual, and in the long run, society.” Stockwell Day dismissed it as a “lifestyle choice.” In 1999, a Calgary Reform MP told the House of Commons that “[traditional] marriage provides a healthy biological design for procreation. Other types of relationships are technically incomplete.” Even as recently as 2004, less than a decade ago, the preservation of marriage as the union of one man and one woman was a central plank of Stephen Harper's election platform, and a rallying point for his base.
[np_storybar title=”Robyn Urback: Conservative support for gay rights goes beyond John Baird” link=”http://fullcomment.nationalpost.com/2013/08/16/robyn-urback-conservative-support-for-gay-rights-goes-beyond-john-baird/”%5DAshley Martyn, social media manager for Justin Trudeau, thinks Foreign Affairs Minister John Baird is a lone bird when it comes to advocating gay rights from within the Conservative caucus. Applauding Baird's public stance against Russia's recent anti-gay legislation, Martyn takes her mudslinging to the pages of the Globe and Mail where she writes that, “too few Tories seem to stand with Mr. Baird when it comes to issues surrounding the gay, lesbian, bisexual or transgender community.”
According to Martyn, “Stephen Harper's long-standing silence on the issue is because he either fears alienating the party's extremist base or he secretly believes that gay people are second-class citizens.”
Ah, yes the good ol' secret-bigot, hidden agenda theory. It's a fail-safe for Stephen Harper detractors and an easy sell to anyone who reads news with their eyes closed. The Prime Minister, closet homophobe, thinks gays and lesbians are lesser citizens than heterosexual Canadians, and thus, he avoids talking about them at all costs. It's a lazy, ignorant claim, but for Justin Trudeau's social media manager, it'll do.
READ MORE
[/np_storybar]
What changed? According to Laurie Aron, formerly the National Director of Canadians for Equal Marriage, a gay-marriage advocacy group, it was a simple matter of cold, hard cost-benefit analysis.
“When we started the equal marriage challenges in the courts in 2001, public opinion was slightly against us,” he says. “But by the time Stephen Harper became Prime Minister in 2006, the legal context and popular opinion had changed tremendously — Mr. Harper knew he'd have to use the notwithstanding clause [of the Charter of Rights] to reverse equal marriage, which Canadians would oppose…. That's why Mr. Harper put a designed-to-fail motion to reopen the issue to Parliament. Once that lost, he immediately stated he considered the matter to be settled.”
But Jaime Watt, a political strategist who helped Mike Harris' Ontario Progressive Conservatives win two provincial elections, believes there is more to the shift than mere political utilitarianism. The seeds of the Harper government's current gay-supportive policy, he argues, were planted in 1994, after the failure of Ontario's Bill 167, which would have granted some of the rights associated with marriage to same-sex couples.
“At the time, there were a bunch of us here in Toronto — strategists, lawyers and other professionals — who wanted equality, and we were tired of leaving the issue to the activist left,” he told me. “We started to convince people that this was an issue of Canadian values, that the lives of gay and lesbian people involve more than just what they do with their genitals — that they go to work, take care of children, that they are sons and daughters who care for aging parents. As strategists, we started doing for our [gay] community what we'd been doing for our clients.”
The second big factor Mr. Watt points to is that, in the 1990s, many older gay men and women started coming out of the closet — which had a strong influence on the attitudes of their straight peers: “If you go through life without knowing anyone who is gay, it's easy to be homophobic. When it's a friend or family member, not as much.”
Mitchel Raphael, who formerly edited Toronto-based gay magazine fab and reported on the Parliament Hill social circuit for Maclean's, says that this sort of shift in attitude was apparent all over the federal Conservative party during their first few years in government. “A lot of these people who were elected as rookie MPs, they came from areas of the country where they might have never met a gay person, or very few,” he says. “Then, suddenly, you're in Ottawa, and gay people are everywhere — and so your attitude changes.”
“In the Conservative party, gay staffers were especially prominent, because often it's the young men, the ones without kids, who tend to work the longest hours that [this PMO] demands,” Mr. Raphael adds. “It went up to the top: There was a group of gay men who would arrive to set up before the Prime Minister's events — the ‘beauty brigade,' I'd call them. In 2012, when Mitt Romney fired a worker after Republicans were complaining that he was gay, there were all sorts of jokes about how if Harper had to fire every gay aide he had, half his workforce would be gone.”
One would think that Canadian gay activists would have little in common with the right-leaning culture warriors who still have a prominent place within the Conservative party. But, in the post-9/11 world, the two groups have found common ground. In Canada, especially, the campaign in Afghanistan was not seen merely as part of the war against terrorism. It was also seen as a war against the anti-Western, anti-Semitic, murderously misogynistic and, yes, anti-gay hatred promoted by the Taliban, al-Qaeda and hardcore Islamists more generally. The most hawkish War on Terror intellectuals, largely conservatives, grasped quickly that standing for Western liberal values — which inevitably included feminism and gay acceptance — was a most effective way to win support from the left and right alike for the fight against fundamentalism.
“Recent years have brought into sharp relief the Western conception of human rights and the very different conception of human rights in other countries,” says Jonathan Tobin, the online editor for Commentary, a deeply conservative, strongly pro-Israel American magazine that, over the last year, also has featured some writers who've marked out a progressive path on gay rights. “And in some cases, this has caused conservatives to revisit their views on homosexuality back at home.”
In some cases, this has caused conservatives to revisit their views on homosexuality back at home
Supporters of Israel, in particular, often appeal to liberal critics by emphasizing the Jewish state's especially tolerant attitude toward gays, as compared to the virulent homophobia prevalent in Palestinian and other Arab cultures. And the Israeli government itself has shrewdly branded itself as “an international gay vacation destination” — a successful marketing ploy that has given fits to anti-Israeli activists.
In a 2013 essay entitled Israel and the Pink Dollar: Deconstructing the settler homonationalist discourse embedded in Israeli-LGBT-Propaganda films represented by ‘The Invisible Men, for instance, Queen's University student Jeffrey Ingold complains that “the U.S. government made supporting the war on terror synonymous with ‘liberating' homosexuals in the backwards Middle East.” In the same breath, he denounces the tactic of Israeli “pinkwashing,” which he describes as “a potent method of justifying the Israeli occupation of Palestine by framing Palestinians as barbaric, homophobic and uncivilized. Homosexual acceptance has become the symbol of civilizational aptitude.”
Indeed, because the leftist approach has fallen into the sort of jargony identity politics epitomized by Mr. Ingold's essay, some leftists are even pointing to the conservative approach to protecting gay rights as a superior model. “What happened on the left in recent years is that the emancipation of gay people degenerated into a really bizarre identity-politics racket,” says Terry Glavin, a Canadian socialist writer who has been trying, for years, to drag Canadian public opinion into more constructive and interventionist engagement with parts of the world that can benefit from Western values, such as Afghanistan.
Some left-wingers may refuse to acknowledge the Conservatives' extraordinarily potent defence of gay rights: Ashley Martyn, identified last week in an op-ed for The Globe and Mail as the social media manager for Liberal leader Justin Trudeau, suggested that the Prime Minister “secretly believes that gay people are second-class citizens.” But Mr. Glavin considers such people blind to the work being done in Ottawa that is concretely advancing gay rights worldwide. “When you want to get something done these days, you turn to a guy like Jason Kenney,” the Multiculturalism Minister, he says. “We are running an underground railroad from gay communities in Iran and Iraq into Canada. Is this not something to be immensely proud of?” he says.
Mr. Glavin here refers to another example of the odd-couple synthesis between terror hawks and gay rights activists, when, in 2009, Mr. Kenney, then minister for immigration and citizenship, declared that Canada would be taking special measures to admit gay Iranians as refugees. “I can't imagine more legitimate grounds for protection than folks who are facing potential execution in Iran for their sexuality,” he told the Toronto Star. “These are people who are clearly in need of protection, and Canada has already received a number of gay and lesbian Iranian refugee claimants.”
The move allowed the Conservative government to poke a stick in Iran's eye, and help a genuinely in-need refugee constituency, all at one blow. As a bonus, such steps help create a bulwark against radicalism in our immigrant population. “When you're dealing with a country like Iran, gay asylum seekers are exactly the ones you want,” says Mr. Raphael. “In general, these are precisely the people who you can guarantee don't support the Iranian regime back home. They're going to bring in a more secular, moderate perspective.”
Our government wants [our] voice to be heard, for it to be clear, and for it to be unambiguously free of moral relativism
Mr. Kenney's 2009 move on Iranian gay refugees has become a template for Canada's policy toward other nations. In 2010, Mr. Harper became a hero to African gay activists in Uganda when he denounced ludicrously harsh anti-gay legislation in Uganda during a one-on-one meeting with that country's president. And last week, Immigration Minister Chris Alexander announced that Canada will look favourably on gay asylum-seekers trying to get out of homophobic Russia.
“Our government wants [our] voice to be heard, for it to be clear, and for it to be unambiguously free of moral relativism,” is how Mr. Baird describes Canada's stance in this area. “We believe what's right is right. And what's wrong is wrong.”
The irony is that just two decades ago, Canadian conservatives used this very same lexicon of moral absolutism to justify the rejection of gay equality rights. Gay activists in Russia, the Middle East and Africa can only hope that attitudes in their own countries transform as quickly.
National Post
jkay@nationalpost.com
Get the biggest politics stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Labour is ready to start talks about TV election debates without “chicken” David Cameron.
The move reflects mounting frustration among Labour chiefs and broadcasters that the PM is “running scared” and trying to scupper the shows that attract millions of viewers.
In the 2010 general election contest, the televised debates between the Labour, Tory and Lib Dem leaders dominated the campaign.
But Tory strategists fear Mr Cameron could suffer in the TV clash - especially if Ukip leader Nigel Farage is allowed to take part for the first time.
(Image: Getty)
Conservatives have stubbornly refused to set a date for talks between the political parties and broadcasters to start, even though they have claimed they are keen for the debates to go ahead.
Now Labour is warning that it is poised to start talks with the other parties and TV chiefs without the foot-dragging PM's negotiating team.
Michael Dugher, Labour vice-chairman and the party's lead negotiator for the prime ministerial tv debates, slammed the PM for stalling over the clashes to be screened by the BBC, ITV and Sky.
Mr Dugher said: “For all his phoney bravado, David Cameron is still running scared of the TV debates.
“If he doesn't name his negotiating team and set a date for negotiations, why wouldn't the broadcasters sit down with Labour and Lib Dems and start the negotiations without the Tories.
(Image: Jeff Overs / BBC / PA)
“The TV debates belong to the public, not the prime minister, and Cameron's chickening out of the debates is just further evidence that he has no answers to the big challenges we face as a country like saving our NHS or tackling the cost-of-living crisis”.
Tory Party chairman Grant Shapps said last week that he was sure that “somewhere along the line” Ukip leader Mr Farage would be involved in the TV debates following his party's triumph in the Clacton byelection.
Tories are keen on an option that would exclude Mr Farage, who they fear would prove a more effective performer than the PM on the shows.
They are pushing for a head-to-head debate between Mr Cameron and Labour leader Ed Miliband - and a separate five-way debate to include the leaders of the Lib Dems, Ukip and the Green Party.
A Labour source said: “The truth is that David Cameron doesn't want these TV debates and is doing everything he can to avoid them.”
Hundreds of protesters attacked a TV station that aired a film they considered to be offensive to Islam [AFP]
Police in the Tunisian capital have used tear gas in an attempt to disperse hundreds of protesters who were attacking authorities with stones and batons.
The protesters, who are aligned with conservative Islamic groups, had gathered at the main university in Tunis on Sunday to protest against a ban on wearing the niqab, or full-face veil, as well as the closing of a mosque near the campus.
Al Jazeera's Yasmine Ryan, reporting from Tunis, said: "Several hundred protesters were throwing rocks at police in the Ras Ettabia suburb next to the University of Tunis El Manar."
The university is one of the largest in Tunisia and is a frequent choice of working class students.
Ryan continued: "One reason they are rioting is because they are going to close the mosque right next to the university. Police are firing tear gas and are throwing rocks back at protesters."
Under the regime of Zine El Abidine Ben Ali, Tunisia's former president who was forced from power in January, the mosque was a hotbed for activism. It had been forced to close in 2002, and only re-opened after Ben Ali stepped down.
Election tension
In another neighbourhood of Tunis on Sunday, hundreds of protesters rallied against the decision by a Tunisian television station to broadcast an animated film depicting Allah, a practice that is forbidden by Islam.
"There was a first attempt to attack our headquarters by a group of around 200 Salafists, who were dispersed by police before reaching our offices," Nebil Karoui, the head of the private channel, told the AFP news agency.
At least 40 people were arrested, witnesses told Reuters.
About 100 police vehicles and several hundred police officers wearing anti-riot gear were deployed to the university protest site, Reuters reported. Several officers were seen running away to escape the protesters.
The protesters, mainly students, blocked a main road in the area and threw stones at vehicles trying to pass through.
They shouted: "Allahu Akbar" (God is greatest), and "We will die for Allah!"
Tension is mounting between religious groups and the secularists, who have traditionally dominated the ranks of the ruling elite, before an October 23 election in which the Islamist Ennahda party is expected to win the biggest share of the vote.
Tunisia became the birthplace of the "Arab Spring" uprisings in January when mass protests brought an end to Ben Ali's decades-long rule.
The new caretaker government scheduled democratic elections and allowed Islamist politcal parties to run for the first time, but secular groups now say that their liberal values are under threat.
The latest round of unrest broke out on Saturday when Islamist supporters tried to storm a university in Sousse, about 150km south of Tunis.
University administrators there had enforced the government ruling by refusing to enroll a woman wearing the niqab.
There are so many TV shows arriving and returning every day that it'd be easy for a little-known drama like “Happy Valley” to get lost in the shuffle. But thanks to an exceptional lead character — and the even more impressive actress, Sarah Lancashire, portraying her — this U.K. cop series should definitely light up the radar of discerning viewers.
It'd actually be worthwhile to check out the first season of the program — which, like the second, is on Netflix in the U.S. — before the plunging into the newest batch of episodes. Season two has several important links to events in the six hours that constitute season one, and it's easily consumed in a couple of sittings.
Well, “easily” may not be the right adjective. “Happy Valley” is unpretentious and by no means humorless, but it goes to some dark and difficult places (and the characters' Yorkshire accents make some lines hard to decipher, though meanings are usually clear from context). In both seasons, murders and other acts of violence become part of the psychologically astute narratives, and the central fact of police officer Catherine Cawood's life is that her daughter committed suicide after being raped. The fallout of that tragedy affects Catherine every day in a number of ways, though she tries hard not to let it influence her brisk approach to her job.
Like the show she so capably stars in, Lancashire never goes to exploitative or melodramatic places in her portrayal of the character. “Happy Valley” is unfussy and matter-of-fact, but it's also very perceptive about pain, regret and human nature. The show's curiosity about what motivates decency — and what accounts for its absence — ends up giving it a quiet but unshakable power, and its sensible and straightforward vibe lends dignity to what is, at its core, a tale of stoic endurance.
Stoicism is certainly a way of life in the Yorkshire town where Catherine has been a police officer for many years. Crimes can involve purloined sheep and low-level drug dealing, and she often knows the people she's arresting or questioning. This easy familiarity with her community, and the fact that she sees their everyday struggles is part of what makes her effective: People tend to trust her. When she goes to warn some local prostitutes about the existence of a possible serial killer, she brings them sandwiches, and her sincere regard for them is obvious. They like Catherine, and there's no judgment in her treatment of them.
Catherine's warmth and wry kindness are also on view in her conversations with her ex-junkie sister, Clare (Siobhan Finneran), who lives with her. Even more so than last season, the scenes between the sisters form the show's emotional backbone. Lancashire and Finneran have a terrific rapport, and creator Sally Wainwright has a real knack for writing sibling dialogue that feels unforced and realistic.
Clare is a recovering addict, and the shadows of co-dependence that lurk between the women is one of “Happy Valley's” more interesting subtexts. But there are many complicated strands in this efficiently paced drama, to the point that one wishes each season were just a bit longer, if only to give performers like Finneran even more to do.
That said, the focus on Catherine is understandable. It's hard to think of a scripted female character who is more complicated and fascinating (though the women played by Julianna Margulies, Kerry Washington and Keri Russell are in Catherine's league). She's instinctively giving and often selfless, but she can also be stubborn, abrupt and prickly, and can freeze people in their tracks with a bone-chilling glare of suspicion.
And yet Lancashire's empathic performance makes it easy to see why Catherine loses her patience at times; she's still wrestling with the consequences from the attack on her daughter, not least of which is the young son her daughter left behind. Sometimes Catherine's impetuousness leads her to make bad decisions, but there's no doubt her family and parts of her community would be far worse off without her occasionally annoyed but tenacious devotion to them.
Catherine is, on some level, still simmeringly furious, as well as sad; when not wearing her police-issue coat, she goes around in a shapeless parka that she wears like a shield. A woman who doesn't hide her anger can make other people very nervous, and “Happy Valley” isn't shy about confronting that idea. There are a lot of discussions about whether Catherine is nice enough, which is not a conversation Vic Mackey ever had to have on “The Shield.” But “Happy Valley” is realistic about how a shrewd, implacable female cop would be viewed when she's not in a charitable mood. It's rare, not to mention refreshing, to come across a female TV character who is not defined by her relationship with a man, and who is so well developed that even when she's abrupt or making questionable decisions, she's always fascinating and believable.
Finneran is a refugee from “Downton Abbey,” and “Happy Valley” recruited another member of the Earl's staff this season: Kevin Doyle, the unfortunate Molesley on “Downton,” plays a hapless detective who ends up in a nightmarish situation of his own making. James Norton, so compassionate in the period drama “Grantchester,” once again shows his terrific range as Tommy Lee Royce, a hardened criminal with a deep reservoir of toxic self-pity. There are a couple of supporting characters in the first half of season two — a woman who's been drawn into Tommy's orbit and another who is having an affair with Doyle's character — who are a somewhat one-dimensional. They only stand out because they're not as well-rounded and instantly interesting as most characters in this drama, which gathers up and knits together a few different criminal investigations as the season progresses.
In the main, however, “Happy Valley” does a fine job of conveying what it's like to be a small-town police officer whose daily rounds allow her to confront the dumb, silly and awful things people do to each other, and to wrestle with what she herself is capable of. Very little shocks her, but she still manages to surprise herself — in ways both good and bad.
Dr. Rick Strassman, author of DMT: The Spirit Molecule, is responsible for groundbreaking research on dimethyltryptamine that reopened the legal doors for serious psychedelic study after decades of stagnation. Between 1990 and 1995 Dr. Strassman helped 60 patients enter the void and then documented their experiences at the University of New Mexico's School of Medicine. Aside from his scientific observations, he has also suggested that DMT might have ties to stories of alien abduction, and that the release of DMT from the pineal gland into a fetus roughly seven weeks after conception “marks the entrance of the spirit.”
My third book, The Quest for Gnosis, was released last month and features interviews with many of the leading minds in psychedelic study, including Dr. Strassman. His work has been a profound influence on my own life and research, and I was privileged to speak with him about DMT, ecstatic states, alien encounters, religion, death, and the legalization of psychedelics. The below conversation is an excerpt from the book, which you can buy here.
Some lady smoking DMT, probably seeing God. Photo by John Barclay
VICE: You wrote the groundbreaking book DMT: The Spirit Molecule and were granted the first clinical study of psychedelics in 20 years. How did it feel to have that much riding on the research?
Dr. Rick Strassman: I felt a lot of responsibility, but at the same time I knew that the people aware of the research and monitoring it were relatively few. I wasn't directly responsible to that many people, even though the long-term effects of my research made me feel a lot of responsibility to perform the study with the utmost rigor and care. Besides making certain to minimize the likelihood of adverse effects, the degree of direct observation and supervision was quite manageable. I recognized the importance of my work for the future of American psychedelic studies, and I wanted to make certain that it was performed in broad daylight. That way I felt the responsibility was shared among everyone involved in the process.
There is much debate about whether or not the psychedelic experience is entirely within the mind, or possibly reaching outside of it. Can you cite an example within your ongoing research that leads you to a conclusion one- ay or the other?
At this point, I don't believe that it is possible to objectively determine how much of what we apprehend under the influence of psychedelic drugs is internally generated or externally perceived. It makes sense to me to suggest a spectrum of the phenomenon. There are times when our own personality predominates, rather than the awareness of something external to us. At other times, what we see is more external to us rather than self-generated. It's impossible, though, to have a pure culture of one or the other. Without our personal life experience and biological makeup, we'd be unable to decipher what it is we are seeing.
For example, one of the DMT subjects, Marsha, saw a profoundly psychedelic vision of manikin-like 1890s figures on a merry-go-round. With some questioning, we decided the vision related as much to her body image in the context of her marriage as to something more metaphysical. Another volunteer in the study, Chris, entered into a blissful yellow-white light and merged with it, along with very few contents that he could associate with personal psychological themes.
At the time of your research on DMT, you were a Buddhist. What benefit did your own spiritual path bring to the table as a scientist, if any?
I'm not an active member of any Zen organization these days. I practice sitting meditation most days. Unquestioningly, I would have been unable to pursue serious study of the Hebrew Bible without my Buddhist training. While the material that my DMT volunteers reported was beyond my understanding of Buddhism, the meditation practice helped determine how we supervised drug sessions. From the results point of view, the interaction of my sitting—a spiritual practice coming out of a well-characterized religion—and how I acquired and analyzed the data as a scientist were linked. The greatest impact on how I interpreted our results was on the development of our rating scale for the DMT effect. This was based on Buddhist psychological concepts and pointed to future studies that could tease apart the pharmacological underpinnings of the Buddhist skandhas.
Gnosis in the traditional sense is an experiential knowledge that removes the necessity for “blind faith.” How is gnosis in this sense important, if at all, in a spiritual pursuit?
If you are speaking of gnosis as a particular type of spiritual experience, it may function as a goal of spiritual practice. However, for gnosis to be important the information it contains needs to be transmittable. I say this for at least two reasons: to verify the experience as truly gnostic, and to educate and exhort others.
Photo by John Barclay
How would you like to see us, as a society, handle psychedelics in the future? Graham Hancock, for instance, claims that the ability to explore our own consciousness is a core human right and that we should demand legal access to these substances. What's your take, both as a scientist and a citizen?
Psychedelics are potentially destabilizing, and to either take or administer them requires a fair amount of training so as to provide for optimal positive effects and minimal negative ones. Thus, specialized centers might be developed where that type of training is provided. The various settings could be religious, creative, psychotherapeutic, and so on.
How does belief change test results and how do you, as a scientist, withhold your own assumptions in order to have the most objective outcome possible in your research?
Generally, test results are difficult to change by belief. One can design a study based upon one's beliefs that would make more likely the yielding of particular results reinforcing your beliefs. More often, one's beliefs affect the interpretation of those results. With respect to our data from the DMT study, we divided it into objective and subjective. Or rather, we had turned the subjective into objective by the use of the rating scale. So we had objective data to treat with various analyses. In my scientific work, my conclusions were aligned with the model in which the studies took place: human psychopharmacology, psychometrics, and psychology. I suggested certain explanations for our findings and called for future research to help answer unresolved questions.
Let's end with an age-old existential question: What do you think happens when we die? Why do you think we are here?
The founder of Japanese Zen, Dogen, said that our death is just another moment in time. Life goes on without us. Our impact has the potential to be immortal, however. One of my favorite authors is Olaf Stapledon, who suggested that our task on Earth is to interact creatively with our environment. Maimonides, one of my favorite medievalists, reminds us that the universe was not created for mankind. That leaves us quite a bit of leeway.
Does the flap of a butterfly's wings in Brazil set off a tornado in Texas? Not necessarily, but a labor dispute on the West Coast of the United States has caused 3,135 Japanese McDonald's to restrict their sales of french fries. The dispute, between 20,000 dockworkers and the shipping lines that employ them at 29 ports, has lengthened the time it takes to get the required tonnage of frozen fried potatoes to Japan from two to four weeks.
The dispute, combined with rail service delays, record levels of imports into the US, and other factors, means that McDonald's restaurants in the country will only be able to sell small portions of french fries over the busy new year period. Spokesperson Kokoro Toyama told Reuters that the situation was so dire that without the sales restriction, McDonald's Japan "would run the danger of running out of fries at some of our stores around the end of the year or beginning of the new year." The company cannot yet say when medium and large portions will be back on the menu.
Japan's 3,135 McDonald's will only serve small portions of french fries
Reuters reports that Japan imported $336 million of US-grown frozen potato products last year, making it the largest consumer in Asia. Deprived of its vital crop, McDonald's Japan has orchestrated emergency supply runs. The company has now flown in 1,000 tons of frozen fries by air, but another 1,600 tons, launched from ports on the United States' East Coast, won't arrive until January.
But there's no restriction on how many small portions you can buy
McDonald's — usually called "Makudo" in the Kansai region, or "Makku" elsewhere in Japan — has seen its image tarnished this year after a series of supply chain problems and scandals. In July, a video showed the company's chicken supplier, Shanghai Husi Food, using expired meat to make chicken McNuggets at its plant in China. Sales dropped more than 20 percent in many of the company's Japanese locations — a problem compounded when it was revealed that McDonald's was overcharging for its McNugget replacements. The Japan-only Tofu Shinjo nuggets, made of puréed fish, tofu, and vegetables, were sold for ¥150 ($1.27), rather than ¥120 ($1.02).
The fast-food enterprise has tried to win back customers with a range of limited-edition products, including a markedly unappetizing black burger, but Japanese fast food connoisseurs such as The Verge's own Sam Byford point out that rivals Burger King had the idea first. Company managers hope the new fry-denial policy will preserve potato supplies and keep customers happy, but there seems to be one problem with the scheme — there's no limit on how many small portions of french fries you can order.
When news broke that longtime CBS reality series Big Brother would be dipping into celebrity territory, it was met with an outpouring of interest.
And it wasn't just from viewers and superfans of the show — Hollywood fans of the series made it clear they would consider stepping inside the Big Brother house.
Executive producer Allison Grodner tells The Hollywood Reporter, "We've had an overwhelming response from people who want to be on the show." Adds host Julie Chen, "They're getting tons of calls from agents."
So, who in town is dialing up the show to pitch themselves for a spot? And better yet — what are they exactly pitching themselves for?
So far, few details have been revealed about what the newest edition of the series will look like, but in order to keep viewers up to date on the latest, THR gathered the most important details to know (including which stars and superfans of the show want in).
When will it premiere? The newest edition of the franchise will hit the small screen on Feb. 7. The two-hour finale will take place on Feb. 25.
It will be a shorter, condensed version of the summer broadcast. Unlike the summer broadcast, the cast will not be locked away for 90-plus days. "It's going to be more intense than what you're used to seeing because it's going to be concentrated," says Chen. "Picture everything about Big Brother, but nonstop action because it's going to be on a fast-forward button." Instead, the series will run for a little less than three weeks and will feature 13 episodes total. And the 24/7 uncensored live feeds will be back.
Why now? The idea for a celebrity edition was first brought up at the network dating back to season two of the series. Says Chen, "Paris Hilton agreed to do it, and Roseanne Barr also said she was going to and then she backed out. It didn't come together, and I'm glad it didn't so early on into the series." Now on the heels of the show's 19th season this past summer and having reached its highest ratings since 2011 with an average 7.35 million viewers (including a finale watched by 7.8 million), the spinoff was a no-brainer.
Says executive producer Rich Meehan: "With success for 19 seasons and always being a strong performer, which in today's market is really rare, it's a fun new way to expand the brand and the Big Brother universe." Adds Chen about the conversation she had with CBS chief (and her spouse) Leslie Moonves: "If you know one thing about my husband, it has to make economic sense. They crunched the numbers and said, 'Based on the following we have, we could do it and make it work and make it profitable, but certain things need to happen.'"
The house will get an extra redesign. Every season the series changes the set of the show to match up with the new twists it invites viewers in to watch. This year, the celebrity twist is sure to warrant a redesign on set. "It'll certainly be a new look," says Grodner. Adds Meehan, "We're doing it more of an event instead of a three-month series. There will be some tweaks and changes to the rooms and the outside." But they can't rule out other factors, such as adapting to the weather. Says Grodner, "It's a winter edition, so we need to think about the weather. The outside will reflect that." The last time the show had to deal with colder weather in Los Angeles was for Big Brother: Over the Top. The last time its studio got an overhaul in design was in season 16.
The Chenbot is taking a pay cut. Another one of the things Moonves mentioned to his wife was that in order for it to work, she wouldn't be compensated the same as during the summer broadcast. Speaking candidly about her conversation with her husband, Chen previously revealed to THR, "He comes home for dinner and says in a very Godfather, mafioso-style, 'Jules, you tell your lawyer this is not a negotiation. This is what the deal is and you're going to accept it.' And I said, 'Is that the way you speak to your wife?'" With a laugh she continued, "He said, 'You tell your attorney this is not a game we're playing. Everyone's taking a haircut. This is the only way it will make sense financially. You shouldn't be expected to be paid as if it's a full series. It's a condensed version.'"
Another reason for the pay cut is to fit the bill for booking talent to join the show.
(Fun fact: Chen's lawyer is also her husband's brother, Jon Moonves.)
Which stars are ready to align? When news of the show's celebrity edition was first announced, many speculated that it would be difficult for the series to book talent. Says Grodner, "There's no privacy and that's going to be a hurdle in getting a celebrity onboard." Adds Chen of the casting challenges, "We're being realistic. It's not going to be all Oscar winners." Adding that they'll look at the model that has worked for other celebrity-driven shows, she notes, "Whoever casts Dancing With the Stars does an amazing job. They don't always get household names, but some people kind of reinvent themselves and suddenly I see that person all over the tabloids."
So what do stars and fans of the show like Me, Myself and I's Bobby Moynihan, *NSYNC's Lance Bass, American Ninja Warrior host Matt Iseman, The Bachelorette lead Kaitlyn Bristowe and MTV alum Spencer Pratt think about possibly walking through the Big Brother doors?
Iseman, who also won Celebrity Apprentice, jokes to THR, "I am way too emotional. I think it's easy for me to focus on long-term strategy sitting at home, but in the house I'd probably get myself evicted first week. Hell, my stay would likely be shorter than [season 19's] Cameron [Heard]." He adds, "I'm an emotional guy. I'm a bit too trusting." As for Iseman's favorite former winner? He picks season 16's Derrick Levasseur, who he says "blew him away."
Superfan Moynihan shares that sentiment. The actor and SNL alum, who credits fan sites like Hamsterwatch for keeping him up to date over the years, calls Levasseur a "phenomenal player." On joining the game himself, the actor jokes he wouldn't be able to cope with the constant camera surveillance and lack of privacy: "If I did it, I would never go to the bathroom." But Grodner and Meehan have their eyes on Moynihan, telling THR that having him join the cast "would be awesome."
Bristowe, who fronted the 19th season of ABC's The Bachelorette, says she and fiance Shawn Booth "want to do it so bad." She adds, "That's the one show that we can think of that we'd want to go on after being on our kind of show." Bristowe also plans on having BB alumni on her Off the Vine podcast, and says she and Booth already have a strategy to win the game: "We know what we would do. We were talking to Spencer and Heidi [Pratt] who did Celebrity Big Brother in the U.K. and were treated as one houseguest. We're all for it." She adds with a laugh, "Do we have to apply?" Bristowe cites some of her favorite players as season 19 winner Josh Martinez, whom she wants as her new best friend, season 18 winner Nicole Franzel and fan favorite Britney Haynes from seasons 12 and 14.
Spencer Pratt (who competed twice on the U.K. version of Celebrity Big Brother) is all in as well. Telling THR he and friend Perez Hilton have been waiting for the day that the U.S. had their own celebrity version of the show, he jokes, "[It's] the Willy Wonka golden ticket of reality TV. Who doesn't want to be filmed 24/7 for CBS? That's like dying and going to heaven." And, like Bristowe, he already has a strategy: "You can't just go in there and be a villain. You need a strategy. You need to figure out who the strongest players are, then take him out." The former reality star adds, "You have to be able to adjust to what happens in the game."
Pratt's wish list of players to join? Nene Leakes, Scott Disick, O.J. Simpson, Billy Bush, Caitlyn and Brody Jenner and last season's runner-up, Paul Abrahamian.
Former *NSYNC member Bass has similarly expressed excitement about the possibility of joining the show. He tells THR, "It's about time! They ask me to do the British one every single year, but there's no game to it. Depending on the cast I might be tempted to go in the house, because I really think I have a strategy to win the game."
And it's a strategy that he's already practiced against Big Brother legend Dan Gheesling. Reveals Bass, "We created a Big Brother event at my house four years ago and Dan and his wife played with us. I was the only person to ever get Dan out. I had to turn on him at the very end." Chen hints that Big Brother may not be too far off in Bass' future, saying, "I won't say names, but maybe more than one member of *NSYNC is trying to get in there." Other names Chen has thrown into the ring have included Martha Stewart, Snoop Dogg, Anthony Scaramucci, Tonya Harding and her longtime friend Andy Cohen. As for how the Watch What Happens Live! host thinks he'd do, Cohen jokes, "I'd have a target on my back because of my background stirring things up with the Housewives." As for which Real Housewives star he thinks would do well in the game, Cohen (who says season five of Big Brother is his favorite) suggests Lisa Vanderpump. All will be revealed as to which stars will play Big Brother soon enough, but until then, expect the unexpected.
Who do you want to see join the cast of Big Brother's first-ever celebrity edition? And how do you think they'll do in the game? Sounds off in the comments section below and stay tuned to Live Feed for all things Big Brother.
Both chambers of the Legislature approved a license to sell alcohol in the stadium, which is proposed to be built on the site of the former Metro Transit bus barn at Snelling Avenue and Interstate 94.
When it came to legislative requests for the construction of a St. Paul stadium for a new Major League Soccer franchise, two out of three ain't bad.
That's the message in a post-legislative session statement from St. Paul Mayor Chris Coleman, even if the optimism was tempered by the knowledge that statehouse politics could still ensnare the bill that holds the key piece of the stadium package.
Before the 2016 session started, Coleman and the owners of Minnesota's MLS franchise asked the Legislature to keep the stadium and Midway-area land beneath it exempt from property taxes. The measure passed both the House and Senate, but Gov. Mark Dayton, a supporter of the soccer plan, said Monday he must review the tax bill that includes the provision before he commits to signing it.
It is possible that the tax bill — something House Republicans wanted — could be held back as Dayton and Senate Democrats negotiate the terms of a possible special session, which would be called to complete work on a bonding bill and a transportation plan. But Dayton said Monday he wouldn't hold the tax bill hostage. And while he has 14 days to sign the bill, he said he didn't expect to take that much time.
“I respect the fact that Governor Dayton needs time to review the bills passed by the Legislature and to determine any next steps with regards to a possible special session,” Coleman said in a statement released by his communications office. “I am grateful for his continued support of property tax exemption for the soccer stadium site, which has been tax exempt for many decades.”
Both chambers of the Legislature also approved a license to sell alcohol in the stadium, which is proposed to be built on the site of the former Metro Transit bus barn at Snelling Avenue and Interstate 94. Other sections of the bus barn site that are proposed to house commercial offices were not included in the tax exemption, and any of the buildings eventually built there will pay in-lieu-of property taxes equal to what would be paid if the land were private.
One key piece of the soccer request did not pass: an exemption from paying sales tax on stadium construction materials. Coleman, however, did not seem concerned with the failure to get the exemption, pointing out that existing state law allows retroactive sales tax exemptions on capital projects of regional significance.
“While the city sought an up-front exemption at the Legislature this session, which is easier from an administrative perspective, the lack of action simply means that contractors can move forward and a refund will be granted on the back end,” Coleman said.
CHS Field, the Lowertown ballpark for the independent league St. Paul Saints, ultimately received the sales tax exemption that way, and Dayton too said the retroactive exemption process would be available for the soccer stadium project.
As has been their practice, team owners were silent on the passage of the stadium requests (and the failure of the sales tax exemption). Only after Dayton acts on the bills will the team issue any statements, a spokesman said.
MinnPost photo by Briana Bierschbach On May 9, midfielder Aaron Pitchkolan, far right, joined St. Paul Mayor Chris Coleman, PK the mascot, state Sen. Sandy Pappas at the State Capitol to lobby the Legislature.
Lead owner Bill McGuire has pledged that the team will pay all construction costs — estimated at between $150 million and $200 million — and will pay $557,000 in rent on the land to the city, which will pass it on to the Met Council. The city has agreed to pay for up to $18.4 million in infrastructure projects around the stadium site.
If the legislative pieces are signed, the team owners and Major League Soccer will have decisions to make. The official awarding of the franchise was contingent on a stadium plan. When that new franchise will begin play has not been announced yet, but the team and league have already scouted temporary locations for the 2017 season.
One venue that will not be the temporary location if the team plays in 2017 is the National Sports Center in Blaine, where the lower-division Minnesota United plays its North American Soccer League schedule. Instead, Target Field or TCF Stadium are being considered.
If Dayton signs the bills, construction of the new stadium could begin sometime over this summer and be ready in time for the March kickoff of the 2018 MLS season.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Samsung and Apple are locked in multiple court battles over their handset technologies
Google and Samsung have signed a global patent cross-licensing agreement aimed at reducing "the potential for litigation" and enhancing innovation.
The deal will cover "a broad range of technologies and business areas" and apply to both existing patents and any filed over the next decade.
Both companies already work together closely, with Samsung using Google's Android mobile operating system.
Few other details were provided in a statement posted online.
Samsung called the deal "highly significant for the technology industry" and said it reduces the likelihood of Google and Samsung facing each other in court over intellectual property disputes.
The move is also expected to strengthen their position against rivals such as Apple, which has filed multiple lawsuits worth billions of dollars for alleged patent infringements.
"Samsung and Google are showing the rest of the industry that there is more to gain from co-operating than engaging in unnecessary patent disputes," Seungho Ahn, head of Samsung's Intellectual Property Center said in the statement.
Samsung, which is the world's largest smartphone maker, faces lawsuits from Apple in the US and South Korea over mobile technology patents.
Apple has claimed that Samsung and its best-selling line of Galaxy smartphones copied its designs for the iPhone.
Their global patent dispute has dragged on for the past few years and both Apple and Samsung's chief executives are scheduled to meet for mediation in mid-February.
Patent wars
The number of patent lawsuits filed has increased as the market for smartphones and tablets has expanded globally.
The more patents you have the more protected you are from litigation. Andrew Milroy, Analyst, Frost & Sullivan
Another high-profile case involves the Rockstar consortium - which includes Apple, Microsoft and Sony. It sued Google and six other smartphone makers that use the Android operating system.
Eight lawsuits were filed in the US over patents relating to Google's mobile technologies and user-interface design.
Google is also engaged in a dispute with Apple through its Motorola Mobility unit, which owns a large patent collection.
To counter this, technology giants have looked to increase their number of patents, as well as sign deals similar to the one announced by Google and Samsung.
Last year, for example, Samsung and Nokia extended a patent licensing agreement for an additional five years, while Apple and HTC also announced a 10-year licensing deal in 2012.
Analysts say such moves create strength by numbers.
"The more patents you have the more protected you are from litigation," Andrew Milroy, an analyst at consultancy Frost & Sullivan said.
"I'm not sure if the agreement means Samsung can use Google patents and vice-versa. But if they are collaborating it protects them from litigation, since the pair of them together is a stronger unit."
"I could care less" vs. "I couldn't care less"
The Question Ends Here
When one usually states "I could care less", they usually mean "I could not care less". [e.g. "I could care less about linguistics."]
In order for one to "care less" about a subject, they must first care about it somewhat. Saying "I could care less about ... " does indeed imply, nay dictate, that there is some degree of care.
I've put together a handy chart to help visualize...
It can easily be seen that, in absolute terms, there is no caring at the zero marker. It is impossible to care less than that amount.
Let us use a different example...
I could have less food. I couldn't have less food.
Which statement above means "I have at least some food", and which means "I don't have any food"?
A Recent Email Thread
Aug 16, 2006
mikerubin2@aol.com
Isn't the key to whether one could or could not care less whether one wants to be literal or sarcastic? :)
No. If one wants to be sarcastic, they would say "That's the most interesting thing ever!" or something else that would put their caring near the top of the continuum. Merely pulling their "level of caring" off of the absolute bottom doesn't give a sarcastic effect.
Consider this statement: "I need $130,000 to pay off the IRS."
Which of these is sarcastic?
1) "I don't have $130,000 either."
2) "Let me quick write you out a check from my enormous bank account."
3) "I'm not completely broke."
Using the principles from the sarcastic line, make up a sarcastic quote about your level of caring!
Thank you.
Aha! Now that is good sarcasm! It is plausible... and I'm not quite certain about its intent! The statement is clear-cut, and may be taken in either way.
Well done!*
*(This statement's sarcasm level depends on the intent of your "Thank you." statement.)
This is fun! (This statement is not at all sarcastic. It is actually fun.)**
**Yes, I know both the 'fun' statement and the explanation could be construed as sarcastic... it is a mire; but it honestly is fun.
Actually, I was being sincere!
All reasonable (and inherently erroneous) retorts will be published on this page. Send them in.
VALLEJO, CA - The Solano County Sheriff's Office arrested a Vallejo man on suspicion of shooting a woman during a civil dispute early Tuesday morning, a sheriff's deputy said.
The sheriff's office received a call around 12:30 a.m. about a dispute in the 300 block of Thomas Avenue in unincorporated Solano County located within Vallejo city limits, Deputy Christine Castillo said.
The 48-year-old woman was found with two life-threatening gunshot wounds and was taken to a trauma center where she is in stable condition, Castillo said. Witnesses identified Lawrence Bailey, 56, of Vallejo as the suspected shooter, Castillo said.
Deputies found Bailey in a vehicle during a traffic stop around 7 a.m. on Redwood Parkway. He and the driver, Delvon Bailey, 21, of Sacramento, were taken into custody, Castillo said.
Lawrence Bailey was booked in the Solano County Jail for attempted murder, being a felon in possession of a concealed firearm and possession of ammunition. A gun found in the car will be tested to determine if it was used in the shooting, Castillo said.
Delvon Bailey, Lawrence's nephew, was booked for vehicle theft and being an accessory to attempted murder after the fact, Castillo said.
Sheriff's detectives believe the shooting was not random but involved a dispute between Lawrence Bailey and the victim, Castillo said.
-Bay City News, images via Solano County Sheriff's Office
Sam Machkovech
SAN FRANCISCO—The Game Developers Conference has always offered dedicated panels and stages for the biggest mobile games of the moment, so it was no surprise that Pokémon Go, which didn't even exist last March, made an appearance. The game's single panel at this year's event may not have been ripe with tell-alls and behind-the-scenes looks at its every facet, but it still proved a solid look at the phenomenon's early stages.
Niantic Visual Design Director Dennis Hwang was on hand to recall the successes of the developer's prior augmented-reality game, Ingress. That included thousands-strong user meetups organized by players themselves, along with users posting GPS-tracked walks to Ingress points of interest (and saying they lost weight as a result of all that walking). "Our goals initially were modest," Hwang said. "If [our players] just walked a few extra blocks, we would have been totally happy, because we knew how hard it was to motivate someone to get off a chair and move due to some app or game."
When it came time to apply Ingress' real-world systems to a Pokémon game, Niantic had a few goals: make each player a hero, widen the game's appeal to more ages and types of players, and overcome the issue of cognitive dissonance. Meaning: build a game experience that makes players feel like a Pokémon trainer without having them look down at their screen, then back up at the real world, and feel like the two are too weirdly disconnected.
This first manifested in Pokémon Go's development because Niantic was worried that average smartphones would struggle to render complicated 3D scenes. How would the game work so that it felt like players were capturing a monster in a real-life location, even on low-end phones? The first idea was to use 360-degree "photospheres," which would appear based on where the player was. However, Hwang said that characters were hard to accurately and consistently render inside of these photospheres, often appearing too big or too small compared to the scene—especially since these photospheres didn't come with scaling metadata and were often generated from user-submitted images. (Niantic says Ingress fed the company roughly 10 million locations to use in Pokémon Go.)
Hwang didn't describe exactly how the developer pulled off its augmented-reality, camera-powered, "monster existing in the real world" system, but he did show the very first prototype of its use: in a developer's back yard, capturing a Pikachu. Even in that early stage, players were expected to use a single finger to flick a Pokéball at an occasionally dodging monster in the real world. In that early stage, however, sprites from the series' Game Boy Advance games were used in lists and menus, as opposed to icons of the game's 3D-rendered characters.
The art team then turned its attention to the game's map, which translates real-world mapping data into a Pokémon-ized overworld. Originally, the design process leaned toward greener and more lush designs by default, to better resemble the artistic style of the series' biggest portable hits. However, cognitive dissonance quickly emerged in real-world playtesting. Hwang pointed out that the nearby intersection of Fourth and Folson in San Francisco, which mostly consists of pavement and buildings, would look weird "painted with lush vegetation."
Lighting engine: Taking out two Pidgeys with one Onyx
For similar reasons, earlier "avatar" characters that looked just like characters from Game Boy Advance games were scrapped in favor of a humanoid style unique to Niantic's version of the Pokéverse. Hwang didn't connect some of the design dots about humans compared to monsters, but the biggest thing they have in common is a lighting engine that favors "amorphous, even lighting." This had the double benefit of having characters pop on any background generated by smartphone cameras and also requiring fewer shader passes to reduce GPU overhead on low-powered smartphones.
For his conclusion, Hwang began hinting at features and updates coming to the app (even though the panel spoke very little about the game's mechanics). He had two major hints: features that would tie into massive real-world gatherings of people (as in, over 1,000 Go players in the same real-world spot) and "continuing to increase a real-world connection with the player" in the form of day/night effects and weather effects in the game experience.
"There were so many ideas we wanted to build that we didn't have time for," Hwang said. "The version of Go that ended up going out to the public contained 10 percent of the ideas Niantic development members had."
Listing image by Sam Machkovech
nokz88 Profile Joined October 2010 Brazil 1219 Posts Last Edited: 2011-11-15 06:30:36 #1
Following the Coca vs Byun controversy at the latest ESV Korean Weekly, SlayersCoca decided to forfeit his spot in GSL code S. Furthermore, he no longer is part of Slayers A team and will practice out of the Slayers house.
Gayeon AKA Jessica and Boxer apologised profusely about the incident.
Coca won't participate in any tournament, offline or online, until Slayers team decides his "mentality" as a pro is ready for it.
The other player involved in this case, GhostKingPrime AKA Byun, also won't be allowed to participate in future tournaments until the team deems ready. He will still practice at the team house though.
Mr. Chae and GomTV are investigating the case and will make the official statement shortly.
The incident itself:
On November 15 2011 12:40 Clefairy wrote:
In the recent Korean Weekly, Coca and Byun had a complete brain fart and declared to the world that they were match fixing.
Coca had won the first game in the series, and he was also winning the second but then Byun asked him to leave and Coca did. Byun won the third game and advanced to the next round.
Since Coca is already in Code S he doesn't need the Code A seed from the Korean weekly, but Byun his former teammate does since he's in Code B.
Here are screenshots of what went down:
Byun: fuck fuck
Coca: Trap card!
Byun: I got dominated fuck
Coca: You have to put down a planetary. I have 3 expansions.
Byun: No it's not that. Mutas
Byun: Leave fuck fuck fuck
Coca: I surrender
Byun: Let's go to a third game
Coca: ok. gg
*Coca leaves game* In the recent Korean Weekly, Coca and Byun had a complete brain fart and declared to the world that they were match fixing.Coca had won the first game in the series, and he was also winning the second but then Byun asked him to leave and Coca did. Byun won the third game and advanced to the next round.Since Coca is already in Code S he doesn't need the Code A seed from the Korean weekly, but Byun his former teammate does since he's in Code B.Here are screenshots of what went down:fuck fuckTrap card!I got dominated fuckYou have to put down a planetary. I have 3 expansions.No it's not that. MutasLeave fuck fuck fuckI surrenderLet's go to a third gameok. gg*Coca leaves game*
Diamond's thoughts on the matter, and the future of Korean Weeklies:
Source: here Following the Coca vs Byun controversy at the latest ESV Korean Weekly, SlayersCoca decided to forfeit his spot in GSL code S. Furthermore, he no longer is part of Slayers A team and will practice out of the Slayers house.Gayeon AKA Jessica and Boxer apologised profusely about the incident.Coca won't participate in any tournament, offline or online, until Slayers team decides his "mentality" as a pro is ready for it.The other player involved in this case, GhostKingPrime AKA Byun, also won't be allowed to participate in future tournaments until the team deems ready. He will still practice at the team house though. SOURCE Mr. Chae and GomTV are investigating the case and will make the official statement shortly.The incident itself:Diamond's thoughts on the matter, and the future of Korean Weeklies: On November 15 2011 15:12 Diamond wrote:
Ok I have read everything over and it is without a doubt what CoCa and Byun did was 100% wrong. They took away the very spirit the Korean Weekly was built on. While it was created to have a quick, fun tournament for Koreans and inject more money into the scene, it is just that, a tournament, a competition. What CoCa and Byun did was incredibly stupid, and ruins the very foundation the tournament itself is based on (the best player wins).
However I am a man that has made more mistakes in my life then I care to admit. CoCa and Byun are both very young and I in no way feel this was a highly premeditated incident like the Savior incident. They deserve a second chance, but not one without punishment.
Until January 1st, 2012 CoCa and Byun are both suspended from the Korean Weekly. We hope they will use this time to look upon themselves and to make sure this never happens again. Additionally the suspension cannot be lifted without the direct approval of their respective coaches (both the time and approval requirements must be met). I feel this will give them the time they need to work past whatever made them do this. They will also be ineligible for any qualified spots in the next Korean Weekly Finals.
In the meantime I will be looking at alternate formats for the Korean Weekly that will somehow separate Code A and S players from Code B. I do not know what the system is yet, but I will be working on it during our two week break.
I am sorry to everyone.
in a state of trance
Israel's press has been downgraded to “partly free” by a Washington think tank in its annual report, which cited the “growing impact” of the free-of-cost tabloid Israel Hayom, a right-wing newspaper widely considered to be a mouthpiece for Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, as well as an increase in unmarked advertising.
The Freedom House ranking, released Wednesday, gives Israel 32 points on a 100-point scale — where a higher number represents more restrictions on press freedom — just above Italy, at 31 points, and four points above France and Spain, which both scored 28.
In 2015, Israel scored 30, which is the maximum number of points a country can have while retaining the “free” status.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
The report cited the increasing negative influence of Israel Hayom, a daily tabloid distributed for free on busy streets and public transportation. The paper, which Freedom House estimates has cornered 40 percent of the Hebrew news market, is backed by American billionaire Sheldon Adelson.
In February, during a Supreme Court hearing, the casino magnate's attorney Avigdor Klagsbald said for the first time that the newspaper was owned by an Adelson relative.
“The financial viability of private print and broadcast outlets remained a concern in 2015, especially given the growing market share of the free paper Israel Hayom, the country's leading print outlet. It is owned and subsidized by American businessman Sheldon Adelson and strongly supports Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu,” the report said.
The Israel Hayom business model, said the report, has forced other media outlets to “slash advertising rates, thus threatening their sustainability.”
Another “source of concern” for free press in Israel was the growing use of unmarked “native advertising,” which paid advertisements disguised as news content.
The report said that unmarked native advertising has become the main source of revenue of major media outlets in Israel, including the most popular news site, Ynet.
The think tank's report also cited Netanyahu's decision to serve as communications minister following national elections in March as a detrimental development to Israel's free press.
The move, the report said, gives the prime minister “control over the regulation of various segments of the market.”
The report said that despite the downgrade, Israel still “enjoys a lively, pluralistic media environment in which press freedom is generally respected.”
“However,” continued the report, “due to ongoing conflicts with Palestinian groups and neighboring countries, media outlets are subject to military censorship and gag orders, and journalists often face travel restrictions.”
Israel is still ranked the most free of any other country in the Middle East, followed by Tunisia, Lebanon and Kuwait. Syria was ranked the least free within the region, followed by Iran as the second-least free.
Global press freedom fell to its lowest point in 12 years in 2015, the report found, with only 13 percent of the world's population enjoying free press.
The report found two factors for the decline in press freedom: “heightened partisanship and polarization in a country's media environment, and the degree of extralegal intimidation and physical violence faced by journalists.”
“These problems were most acute in the Middle East,” the report said.
Smile, everyone! The Capitals announced Wednesday morning that they have re-signed pending restricted free agent defenseman Nate Schmidt to a two-year, one-way deal. Schmidt will make $750,000 in 2015-2016 and $875,000 in 2016-2017. With Mike Green's likely departure, Schmidt should receive a full-time roster spot next season.
The 23-year-old Minnesotan has scored three goals and seven assists in 68 career games for the Capitals, including one goal and three assists in 39 games last season. He has tallied six goals and 20 assists in 65 career games with the Hershey Bears in the AHL.
Though he was sidelined by injury for part of the 2014-2015 season, Schmidt made the Caps “wayyyy better” when he was playing. Schmidt's 54-percent possession was first among Caps defenseman.
So ecstatic to be back apart of the @washcaps organization! Awesome team, great fans,and I couldn't be happier to get next season started! — Nate Schmidt (@nateschmidt29) June 17, 2015
Peter is excited.
From the Caps:
The Washington Capitals have re-signed defenseman Nate Schmidt to a two-year, one-way contract, senior vice president and general manager Brian MacLellan announced today. Schmidt will earn $750,000 during the 2015-16 season and $875,000 in 2016-17. Schmidt, 23, registered four points (one goal, three assists) in a career-high 39 games with the Capitals last season. The St. Cloud, Minn., native made his NHL debut in 2013-14 and earned six points (two goals, four assists) in 29 games. Schmidt registered his first NHL point with an assist at Calgary on Oct. 26, 2013, and scored his first NHL goal on Dec. 7, 2013, against Nashville. In 68 career NHL games, Schmidt has registered 10 points (three goals, seven assists) and 16 penalty minutes. Schmidt appeared in 19 games with Hershey (AHL) during the 2014-15 season, recording nine points (three goals, six assists). The 6'0”, 193-pound defenseman registered an AHL career-high three points (two goals, one assist) in his AHL season debut on Jan. 10 against Norfolk. Schmidt has recorded 26 points (six goals, 20 assists) in 65 career games with the Bears. Prior to turning pro, Schmidt spent the 2012-13 season with the University of Minnesota, registering 32 points (nine goals, 23 assists) in 40 games. Schmidt was named to the All-WCHA First Team after leading the League in scoring by defensemen. Schmidt finished the season ranked tied for third among all NCAA defensemen with 32 points including a career-high nine goals. He also led all collegiate defensemen and ranked tied for sixth among all skaters with 19 power-play points. In 96 career games at Minnesota (2010-13), Schmidt tallied 74 points (12 goals, 62 assists) as a two-time All-WCHA defenseman.
Advertisements
Share this story: Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
Welcome to the second entry in the Unity AI Blog series! For this post, I want to pick up where we left off last time, and talk about how to take a Contextual Bandit problem, and extend it into a full Reinforcement Learning problem. In the process, we will demonstrate how to use an agent which acts via a learned Q-function that estimates the long-term value of taking certain actions in certain circumstances. For this example we will only use a simple gridworld, and a tabular Q-representation. Fortunately, this, basic idea applies to almost all games. If you like to try out the Q-learning demo, follow the link here. For a deeper walkthrough of how Q-learning works, continue to the full text below.
The Q-Learning Algorithm
Contextual Bandit Recap
The goal when doing Reinforcement Learning is to train an agent which can learn to act in ways that maximizes future expected rewards within a given environment. In the last post in this series, that environment was relatively static. The state of the environment was simply which of the three possible rooms the agent was in, and the actions were choosing which chest within that room to open. Our algorithm learned the Q-function for each of these state-action pairs: Q(s, a). This Q-function corresponded to the expected future reward that would be acquired by taking that action within that state over time. We called this problem the “Contextual Bandit.”
The Reinforcement Learning Problem
The lack of two things kept that Contextual Bandit example from being a proper Reinforcement Learning problem: sparse rewards, and state transitions. By sparse rewards, we refer to the fact that the agent does not receive a reward for every action it takes. Sometimes these rewards are “delayed,” in that certain actions which may in fact be optimal, may not provide a payout until a series of optimal actions have been taken. To use a more concrete example, an agent may be following the correct path, but it will only receive a reward at the end of the path, not for every step along the way. Each of those actions may have been essential to getting the final reward, even if they didn't provide a reward at the time. We need a way to perform credit assignment, that is, allowing the agent to learn that earlier actions were valuable, even if only indirectly.
The second missing element is that in full reinforcement learning problems there are transitions between states. This way, our actions not only produce rewards according to a reward function: R(s, a) ⇨ r, but also produce new states, according to a state transition function: P(s, a) ⇨ s'. A concrete example here is that every step taken while walking along a path brings the agent to a new place in that path, hence a new state. Therefore we want our agent not only to learn to act to optimize the current possible reward, but act to move toward states we know provide even larger rewards.
Bellman Updates
While these two added elements of complexity may at first seem unrelated, they are in fact directly connected. Both imply a relationship between future states our agent might end up in, and future rewards our agent might receive. We can take advantage of this relationship to learn to take optimal actions under these circumstances with a simple insight. Namely, that under a “true” optimal Q-function (a theoretical one which we may or may not ever reach ourselves) the value of a current state and action can be decomposed into to the immediate reward r plus the discounted maximum future expected reward from the next state the agent will end up in for taking that action:
This is called the Bellman equation, and can be written as follows:
Here ? (gamma) is a discount term, which relates to how much we want our agent to care about future possible rewards. If we set ? to 1.0, our agent would value all possible future rewards equally, and in training episodes which never end, the value estimate might increase to infinity. For this reason, we set ? to something greater than 0 and less than 1. Typical values are between 0.7 and 0.99.
The Bellman equation is useful because it provides a way for us to think about updating our Q-function by bootstrapping from the Q-function itself. Q*(s, a) refers to an optimal Q-function, but even our current, sub-optimal Q value estimates of the next state can help push our estimates of the current state in a more accurate direction. Since we are relying primarily on the true rewards at each step, we can trust that the Q-value estimates themselves will slowly improve. We can use the Bellman equation to inform the following new Q-learning update:
This looks similar to our previous contextual bandit update algorithm, except that our Q-target now includes the discounted future expected reward at the next step.
Exploration
In order to ensure that our agent properly explores the state space, we will utilize a form of exploration called epsilon-greedy. To use epsilon-greedy, we simply set an epsilon value ϵ to 1.0, and decrease it by a small amount every time the agent takes an action. When the agent chooses an action, it either picks argmax(Q(s, a)), the greedy action, or takes a random action with probability ϵ. The intuition is that at the beginning of training our agent's Q-value estimates are likely to be very poor, but as we learn about the world, and ϵ decreases, our Q-function will slowly correspond more to the true Q-function of the environment, and the actions we take using it will be increasingly accurate.
The Unity Gridworld
To demonstrate a Q-learning agent, we have built a simple GridWorld environment using Unity. The environment consists of the following: 1- an agent placed randomly within the world, 2- a randomly placed goal location that we want our agent to learn to move toward, 3- and randomly placed obstacles that we want our agent to learn to avoid. The state (s) of the environment will be an integer which corresponds to the position on the grid. The four actions (a) will consist of (Up, Down, Left, and Right), and the rewards (r) will be: +1 for moving to the state with the goal, -1 for moving to the state with an obstacle, and -0.05 for each step, to encourage quick movement to the goal on the part of the agent. Each episode will end after 100 steps, or when the agent moves to a state with either a goal or obstacle. Like in the previous tutorial, the agent's Q values will be stored using a table, where the rows correspond to the state, and the columns to the possible actions. You can play with this environment and agent within your Web browser here, and download the Unity project to modify for use in your own games here. As the agent explores the environment, colored orbs will appear in each of the GridWorld states. These correspond to the agent's average Q-value estimate for that state. Once the agent learns an optimal policy, it will be visible as a direct value gradient from the start position to the goal.
Going Forward
The agent and environment presented here represent a classic tabular formulation of the Q-learning problem. If you are thinking that perhaps there is not much in common with this basic environment and the ones you find in contemporary games, do not worry. In the years since the algorithm's introduction in the 90s, there have been a number of important developments to allow Q-learning to be used in more varied and dynamic situations. One prime example is DeepMind's Deep Q-Network which was used to learn to play dozens of different ATARI games directly from pixels, a feat impossible using only a lookup table like the one here. In order to accomplish this, they utilized an agent which was controlled by a Deep Neural Network (DNN). By using a neural network it is possible to learn a generalized Q-function which can be applied to completely unseen states, such as novel combinations of pixels on a screen.
In the next few weeks we will release an interface with a set of algorithms and example projects to allow for the training of similar Deep Reinforcement Learning agent in Unity games and simulations. For a sneak peek of what these tools are capable of, you can check out the video link here. While this initial release will be limited, and aimed primarily at those working in research, industry, and game QA testing, we at Unity are excited about the possibilities opened up by using modern Deep Learning methods to learn game behavior. We hope that as this work matures, it will spark interest in using ML within game to control complex NPC behavior, game dynamics, and more. We are at the very beginning of exploring using Deep Learning in games, and we look forward to you continuing with us on this journey.
What follows is specific mention by the media of the Green Bay Packers at pro day workouts from around the nation that have taken place in March.
Indiana
According to Aaron Wilson of the Baltimore Sun, Packers director of college scouting Brian Gutekunst was in attendance at the Hoosiers pro day that featured several notable pass-receiving threats.
The best among them was wide receiver Cody Latimer, who was the only Indiana player invited to the NFL Combine but only did the bench press after having hernia surgery.
Having a few extra weeks to recover, Latimer impressed during his pro day workout. He reportedly ran as fast as 4.39 seconds in the 40-yard dash, which is exceedingly impressive considering his 6' 3" and 215 lb. frame. Latimer also had a 39-inch vertical.
Latimer declared for the NFL Draft after his junior season in 2013 in which he caught 72 passes for 1,096 yards and nine touchdowns on his way to being named second-team All-Big Ten Conference.
"Meanwhile, Indiana wide receiver Kofi Hughes, a later-round prospect, ran the 40-yard dash between 4.49 and 4.52 seconds with a 35.5-inch vertical leap and a 10-6 broad jump and bench pressed 225 pounds 24 times," writes Wilson.
Also on display was tight end Ted Bolser, who was invited to the East-West Shrine Game.
Ohio
Packers scout Chad Brinker returned to his alma mater to check out the Ohio Bobcats pro day, where the star attraction was cornerback Travis Carrie, the only player from the university invited to the Combine.
Like Latimer, Carrie was limited to only the bench press at the Combine because of a knee issue. He missed two full seasons because of hip and shoulder injuries in college.
“Travis Carrie was invited to the Combine and he was unable to work out at the combine, so a lot of scouts came down here to workout.” Brinker is quoted as saying by The Post, a university publication. “We needed him to run the 40 and do position drills and all those things. He did a nice job. ... Overall it's a good crop of guys.”
According to Gil Brandt of NFL.com, Carrie ran as fast as 4.45 seconds in the 40 and had a 41-inch vertical. In addition to being a defensive back, Carrie was also a first-team All-MAC selection as a punt returner in 2013.
Others working out included wide receiver Donte Foster and running back Beau Blankenship.
Bethune-Cookman
A representative of the Packers reportedly spoke with Bethune-Cookman wide receiver Eddie Poole while at the University of Florida pro day, according to a report from the Daytona Beach News-Journal.
Poole is 6-3 and 180 lbs. and originally enrolled at Rutgers before suffering a knee injury and transferring to Bethune-Cookman. He reportedly had a 35-inch vertical and a 10-foot, 5-inch broad jump, although his 40 time was not revealed.
Over the course of his college career, Poole caught 145 passes for 2,092 yards and 20 touchdowns at the FCS level.
Cal Poly
The Packers didn't attend the Cal Poly pro day but apparently were trying to set up an individual workout with Cole Stanford, according to The Tribune of San Luis Obispo.
A slotback in a triple-option offense his senior season, Stanford would appear to translate best to a fullback or H-back in the NFL at 6' 1" and 225 lbs.
Stanford was a honorable mention All-Big Sky Conference selection in 2013 after catching 25 passes for 354 yards and four touchdowns.
Ball State
The Packers were one of 21 teams represented at Ball State's pro day, according to reporter Christina Aguayo of WFFT of Fort Wayne, Ind.
It's important to note that just because the Packers were in attendance at a pro day doesn't necessarily mean they're going to draft a particular player. They and all NFL teams do their due diligence on almost every NFL-caliber player.
But it is interesting to sometimes see the connections the Packers make with prospects on the pro day circuit.
Things have finally settled down enough that I am comfortably returning to Aika from Skies of Arcadia Thank you very much to everyone who has been viewing and favoring my Pokégirl models. It has increased their appearance at the top of major search engine results considerably!W.I.P Log:Tapered boots. Thickened thighs. UVing remaining assets.Noticed upper lip protruded too much; corrected. Brought depth of lips closer to eyes. Pressed in eyes a tad. Interview is today! Finishing prep! Aika will have to wait!Got a second interview! Must prepare! Smoothed out body a little. Pressed eyes in a bit.Necklace finished.More business than expected. Aika is almost finished. Tweaked boots (still a little big I think), fixing braids. Working on necklace (green without texture). Added hint of pink to lips.Maya was glitching and crashing galore. Just fixed >~>Might have an interview! Finished ties mesh. Gotta adjust maxilla.Distracted with MapleStory and business =~=Goggles done. Redo hairbands.Redoing goggles. Bottom jaw finished.Enlarged ears. Moved nose and it looked weird as fk, so put back.Tweaked bangs. Fattened soles. Reduced ponytail ends.Detailed eyes a bit. Added more clavicle.Moar AO. Minor UVing left. Straightened boots. Back to my website.Redid braids. More AO. Fattened necklace and neck. Adjusted earrings.Forgot segments in braids. UVing shoulders, arms, and hand.Little more UVing. Need to add details.Experimenting with sculpting. Suck at it. Little UVing done.Been working on my new website and resume. Will return to this project when I can!More rang. I'm going to bed lol.Almost finished buckles on knees. Going to start teeth.Little more 'rang. Little cleanup here and there.Started boomerang.Adding a mouth, teeth and maybe a tongue.Life has thrown me a curve ball. This project will once again take a backseat until I can straighten things out. Least she has a face now lol.Chiseled jaw. Rounded breasts. Just about nailed face.So close! Something's still missing though (and it's not the glare in the eyes)Gettin' thereNeed to tweak faceCurrent polycount is 16,122 quads / 30,490 tris.Test render:
The daily hours of work are to be designed by the concerned employer.
I am working as a saleswoman in a laundry shop on a limited contract since May 2015. Recently the company transferred me to their shop in a mall.
The company is forcing me to work during public holidays without compensation. When I objected to it, the company threatened me with termination. I told the management that they can terminate me for not working on public holidays and I will seek assistance from the Ministry of Labour.
To add to it, my working time is from 9am to 9pm. Although the actual timing is 9am to 1pm and 4pm to 9pm, as it is a shopping mall, I cannot take a break because I am alone at the shop and customers continue stepping in. I informed my management that I am not getting time even for my lunch and they assured me that I would be paid extra. However, that never happened and I was never paid for the overtime.
Now, the management has asked me to hand over the shop inventories, cash and key of the shop to the company driver, which I refused and informed them that I would hand over all those to any company officials, not the driver.
I need your advice.
It is presumed that your employment is subject to the provisions of the Federal Law No 8 of 1980 on the Regulation of Labour Relations (the "Employment Law").
In respect of the national holidays, the Employment Law prescribes that the employees shall be entitled to get leave with full pay for the said holidays. And where, owing to circumstances of work, employees are required to work on such days, they shall be entitled to receive compensatory leave on some other day and also receive additional compensation. You shall therefore be entitled to get the compensatory leave and additional benefits as such. We cite Article 81 of the Employment Law for your reference.
"Where the circumstances of the work make it necessary for a worker to work on public holidays or rest day in respect of which he is entitled to full or partial pay, he shall be granted compensatory leave in respect of such days, together with a bonus equal to 50 per cent of his remuneration. If he is not compensated for such days by leave, his employer shall pay him a bonus equal to 150 per cent of his basic remuneration in respect of the days worked."
The Employment Law contains specific provisions whereby the daily period of work has been prescribed. The maximum working hours for employees normally working in general establishments shall be eight hours a day. And in case of establishments involved in trading, hospitality/hotels, cafeterias, security etc., the hours of work may be increased to nine hours a day. We cite Article 65 of the Employment Law for your reference in this regard.
"The maximum number of ordinary working hours for adult workers shall be eight hours per day, or forty-eight hours per week. The number of hours may be increased to nine hours per day for people employed in trade, hotels, cafeterias, security and other jobs whose addition may be made by virtue of a decision from the Minister of Labour. Furthermore, the daily number of working hours may be reduced for strenuous or harmful works and such by virtue of a decision from the Minister of Labour and Social Affairs. The ordinary working hours shall be reduced by two hours during Ramadan. The commutation periods spent by the worker from the place of residence to the work site thereof shall not be calculated within the working hours."
It is also prescribed in the Employment Law that the daily hours of work are to be designed by the concerned employer in a manner that employees are not required to work for more than five hours at a stretch and there are adequate breaks for rest, meals and prayer. This is in accordance with the provisions of the Article 66 of the Employment Law which reads as follows.
"The daily working hours shall be so regulated that no worker shall work for more than five successive hours without breaks - for rest, meals and prayer - amounting in aggregate to not less than one hour. Such breaks shall not be included as part of the working hours.
However, in factories and workshops where work is organised in the form of successive day and night shifts, and in processes where work has to continue uninterrupted for technical and economic reasons, the manner in which breaks for rest, meals and prayer are to be granted shall be specified in a resolution by the Minister."
The Employment Law however prescribes, that where the condition of work require an employee to work beyond the normal working hours, the employee shall be entitled to receive overtime remuneration in addition to his/her regular remuneration. This is in accordance with the provisions of Article 69 of the Employment Law which reads as follows:
"Where the work circumstances require a worker to work more than the normal number of hours, any period worked in excess shall be treated as overtime, for which the worker shall receive the wage stipulated for his normal working hours, plus a supplement of at least 25 per cent of that wage."
The Employment Law also prescribes that the maximum overtime work hours shall not exceed two hours in a day. This is in accordance with the provisions of Article 69 of the Employment Law which reads thus.
"The number of actual hours of overtime shall not exceed two a day, unless work is necessary to prevent the occurrence of substantial loss or a serious accident or to eliminate or alleviate its consequences."
In view of the foregoing provisions cited from the Employment Law, and in view of the nature of your work, it may be noted that you may be liable to work for not more than nine hours in a day. Nevertheless, you shall not be liable to work for more than five hours at a stretch and that you shall be entitled to have necessary breaks from work for meals, rest and prayer. And, for the additional hours that you may work at the establishment, you shall be entitled to receive overtime salary.
It is also noted that your superiors have asked you to hand over the establishment keys and other assets of the entity to the 'company-driver', whereas you have insisted on handing over such things to 'company officials' only. In this regard, it may be noted that there are no prescribed means for handing over of responsibility vis-à-vis the Employment Law. Although, in general perspective, the handing over must be done to your immediate supervisor or the officer to whom you are liable to report. However, if that is not feasible, you may also hand over the assets to a person designated by your superior for the purpose. However, for good order, you may insist that at the time of handing over of the assets, the concerned person i.e., the driver must hold an authorisation letter from your superior. Such letter must contain a list of all the assets required to be handed over to him. In pursuance, you may make also an inventory of all the items for handing over, and take an acknowledgement from the concerned person regarding due receipt of such items.
You may contact the Ministry of Human Resources and Emiratisation (previously, the Ministry of Labour) in the event of a dispute with your employer or should you face any infringements/violations in respect of your rights as an employee.
KNOW THE LAW
Where the circumstances of the work make it necessary for a worker to work on public holidays or rest day in respect of which he is entitled to full or partial pay, he shall be granted compensatory leave in respect of such days, together with a bonus equal to 50 per cent of his remuneration. If he is not compensated for such days by leave, his employer shall pay him a bonus equal to 150 per cent of his basic remuneration in respect of the days worked.
Employer should bear recruitment expenses
I am currently in India and I got a job offer from Abu Dhabi. My employer/sponsor has stated before the Ministry of Labour in signing that my visa expenses will be borne by him and I have to pay only the flight charges. But, during the process he told me that as per new regulations, visa process has been shifted to the employee's country and hence I will have to bear the cost including that for the medical tests.
Since I completed all the process by spending from my pocket his version is that he never offered to reimburse visa and medical expenses.
As I already spent the money and the visa is stamped on my passport, I am confused whether to take up the job or leave it since I still have options in my home country.
Please advise what will be the consequence if I don't take up the job after the visa is stamped on my passport. What will happen if I get another job in the UAE later?
In pursuance of your queries, it may be noted that the procedures for your visa processing which commenced in India, has been done in accordance with the new measures taken up by the Ministry of Human Resources and Emiratisation of the UAE, with a view to outsource the visa processing procedures to the country of a prospective employee. And, it is presumed that your employment visa was also stamped into your passport following this process.
However, it may be noted that in the UAE, in accordance with the prevailing laws, the employer is liable to bear the recruitment and sponsorship expenses for recruitment of its employees. This is in accordance with Article 6(a) of Ministerial Resolution No. 52 for 1980 regarding 'The Rules and Procedures to be adopted at the Labour permits sections with respect to the recruitment of non-national labours for the employment in the UAE' which states,
"The employer or its legal representative shall sign the recruitment application form prepared by the ministry for this purpose, such form shall include an undertaking from the employer to the effect that he shall sponsor and be responsible for the recruited labourer, the bearing of his recruitment expenses and his employment in accordance with the employment contract in a way not prejudicing the provision of the Federal Law No. 8/1980 referred to herein."
In view of the foregoing, it may be noted that your employer is liable to pay you for the costs involved in respect of issuance of the employment visa and as such, he may not refuse to reimburse the expenses incurred by you.
If however, your employer altogether refuses to pay you for the costs of visa, you may choose not to commence employment with the concerned employer. And for good order, you may also contact the centre where your employment visa was processed, or the Ministry of Human Resources and Emiratisation of the UAE, or the UAE Diplomatic Mission in India, stating that your reasons for non-commencement of work.
KNOW THE LAW
In accordance with the prevailing laws, the employer is liable to bear the recruitment and sponsorship expenses for recruitment of its employees
Ashish Mehta is the founder and Managing Partner of Ashish Mehta & Associates. He is qualified to practise law in Dubai, the United Kingdom, Singapore and India. Full details of his firm on: www.amalawyers.com. Readers may e-mail their questions to: news@khaleejtimes.com or send them to Legal View, Khaleej Times, PO Box 11243, Dubai.
Share
More >
Vote
Click/tap here to subscribe to Khaleej Times news alerts on WhatsApp. Make sure you save the phone number under Contacts on your phone for uninterrupted service.
ERROR: Macro /ads/dfp-ad-article-new is missing!
U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta said Monday that while he is very concerned about rogue Afghan troops and police turning their guns on U.S. and allied forces, he sees the insider attacks as the "last gasp" of a Taliban insurgency that has not been able to regain lost ground.
The defense chief's comments followed unusually sharp criticism from Army Gen. Martin Dempsey, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
Dempsey on Sunday called the escalating insider attacks a "very serious threat" to the Afghanistan campaign.
Dempsey vowed that something has to change in order to address the escalating problem, and he suggested that the Afghans need to take the matter as seriously as the Americans do.
There have been three so-called insider attacks against U.S. and NATO troops over the past several days, including an attack at a checkpoint by Afghan police Sunday that killed four American soldiers.
More than 50 international service members have died at the hands of their Afghan allies or those who have infiltrated their ranks so far this year. At least 12 such attacks came in August alone, leaving 15 dead.
The spike in insider attacks is souring the relationship between NATO troops and the Afghan forces that they are training and fighting alongside. But military and defense leaders have insisted that these attacks are not hampering the war effort, and that it will not impact the plans to have combat troops out of Afghanistan by the end of 2014.
The U.S. is expected to announce in the next day or two that it has completed the withdrawal of the 33,000 troops ordered into the fight as part of a military surge three years ago.
With those troops gone, the U.S. will have 68,000 forces on the ground in Afghanistan.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
"We're all seized with (the) problem," said Dempsey, after discussing the issue at a meeting in Romania with NATO officials. "You can't whitewash it. We can't convince ourselves that we just have to work harder to get through it. Something has to change."
A weekend of deadly attacks began Friday night, when 15 insurgents disguised in U.S. army uniforms killed two Marines, wounded nine other people and destroyed six Harrier fighter jets at a major U.S. base in the south, military officials said. On Saturday, a gunman in the uniform of a government-backed militia force shot dead two British soldiers in Helmand province in the southwest.
The official website for Production I.G. and Masaaki Yuasa's Kick-Heart anime announced the winners of its backer dub casting auditions.
Contributors to the Kickstarter campaign could download an audition clip for characters Maskman M, Lady S, The Sister, The Parrot, or The Boss and dub it over for a chance to win a spot on the secondary dub audio track.
The announced winners are:
Natalie Hoover as Lady S
Niel R. Sumter as Masked Man MNatalie Hoover as Lady S Joanna Thornton as The Sister
Patrick M Seymour as The Parrot
Edwyn Tiong as The Boss
Other finalists David S. Hsu, Frank Howley, and Justin Mattingly will also be recording additional roles in the film. Winners of the auditions will record the backer dub track with producer Richard Epcar, who is also voicing the professional dub track, and meet director Masaaki Yuasa.
The program's page describes the story:
Kick-Heart is a love story between Romeo, a successful pro-wrestler, and Juliet, a nun who lives a secret double-life as a female pro-wrestler. Romeo's secret is that he enjoys taking a beating in the ring, while Juliet feels invigorated when facing her opponents as a wrestler. When the two meet in the ring, the fireworks fly. Their story is set in the colorful backdrop of the professional wrestling world. Will Juliet reveal her true identity to the one she loves? Will Romeo be able to share his secret to the world?
Tatsuhisa Suzuki and Takako Honda will lead the Japanese voice cast. Kick-Heart reached its main Kickstarter fundraiser goal in October, and subsequent "stretch goals" have extended the anime from 10 to 12 minutes.
Winners name corrected, thanks Sakuya
Amazon has provided the postmortem for Tuesday's AWS S3 meltdown, shedding light on what caused one of its largest cloud facilities to bring a chunk of the web down.
In a note today to customers, the tech giant said the storage system was knocked offline by a staffer trying to address a problem with its billing system. Essentially, someone mistyped a command within a production environment while debugging a performance gremlin.
"The Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3) team was debugging an issue causing the S3 billing system to progress more slowly than expected. At 9:37AM PST, an authorized S3 team member using an established playbook executed a command which was intended to remove a small number of servers for one of the S3 subsystems that is used by the S3 billing process," the team wrote in its message.
"Unfortunately, one of the inputs to the command was entered incorrectly and a larger set of servers was removed than intended. The servers that were inadvertently removed supported two other S3 subsystems."
Those two subsystems handled the indexing for objects stored on S3 and the allocation of new storage instances. Without these two systems operating, Amazon said it was unable to handle any customer requests for S3 itself, or those from services like EC2 and Lambda functions connected to S3.
As a result, websites small and large that relied on the cheap and popular Virginia US-East-1 region stopped working properly, costing hundreds of millions of dollars in losses for customers. It also broke smartphone apps and Internet of Things gadgets – from lightbulbs to Nest security cameras – that were relying on the S3 storage backend.
Among the collateral damages from the outage was the AWS service dashboard, which relies on S3 for some of its data, and with that service offline, could not be accessed by staff for about two hours to provide any updates. AWS says it was able to restore full S3 service and operations by 1:54 PM PST, nearly four and a half hours later.
"While this is an operation that we have relied on to maintain our systems since the launch of S3, we have not completely restarted the index subsystem or the placement subsystem in our larger regions for many years," the AWS team explained on Thursday.
"S3 has experienced massive growth over the last several years and the process of restarting these services and running the necessary safety checks to validate the integrity of the metadata took longer than expected."
Amazon says that it will be putting several safeguards in place to prevent similar outages in the future, including limiting the ability its debugging tools have to take multiple subsystems offline and partitioning the entire service into smaller "cells" that can individually be taken offline and updated without affecting other parts of S3.
"We have modified this tool to remove capacity more slowly and added safeguards to prevent capacity from being removed when it will take any subsystem below its minimum required capacity level," AWS said of the offending software.
"This will prevent an incorrect input from triggering a similar event in the future. We are also auditing our other operational tools to ensure we have similar safety checks."
Mistyping a command and crippling service for hours. Where have we heard that one before? ®
For its first move into the world of AI smart speakers, Google did a commendable job with Google Home. The feature-set for Home was fairly packed at launch, and since then, helpful new features have either been added or been promised to debut at some point in the future. Google Home also looks rather sleek and modern from a hardware point of view, but if you're someone who's a fan of retro designs, there wasn't a lot to like there.
Thankfully, with a bit of technical know-how and patience, it's possible to get a Google Home-like product in as retro of a getup as they come — a 1986 Radio Shack intercom.
A guy named Martin Mander uploaded a video to YouTube this past week showing off a Google-styled intercom speaker that can bring up the Google Assistant for a command by pressing its main speaker button. Mander managed to put all of this together with a Raspberry Pie, Google's Artificial Intelligence Yourself kit that came bundled with issue 57 of the MagiPi magazine, and the intercom body itself (of course).
When Mander presses the main button on the intercom, a circular LED light shines in the upper-left corner to indicate that the Google Assistant is listening. Once Mander asks the Assistant something, it goes on to answer him exactly like what you'd find with the Google Home.
This whole project took Mander about a month doing some work here and there, and while it's something that not all of our readers will be up tackling, the end result is seriously impressive. We doubt that the successor to the current Google Home will resemble a design anywhere near these lines, but hey, it doesn't hurt to dream, right?
Penalty rates: Labor vows to stop Fair Work Commission cuts
Updated
The move to slash Sunday penalty rates could face a legal and political battle, with Opposition Leader Bill Shorten vowing to stop the cuts.
The commission today announced Sunday and public holiday penalty rates would be reduced for full-time and part-time workers in the hospitality, retail and fast-food industries.
Sunday penalty cuts: Full and part time Casual Retail 200pc down to 150pc 200pc down to 175pc Hospitality 175pc down to 150pc No change Fast-food 150pc down to 125pc 175pc to 150pc Pharmacy 200pc down to 150pc 200pc to 175pc
The public-holiday cuts will come into effect from July 1, while timing for the Sunday penalty rates changes is yet to be confirmed.
Mr Shorten said his party would move to change the laws the Fair Work Commission operate under if the organisation went forward with the cuts.
"We will not stand by and allow the penalty rates of all Australians, millions of Australians, be put on the chopping block," he said.
"We will do everything in our power, in the Parliament and in the courts, to remedy this bad decision."
During the election campaign, Mr Shorten would not promise to intervene to protect Sunday penalty rates, before firming up a position last month, when he vowed to introduce legislation protect penalty rates.
This change of position follows repeated calls from the union movement for Labor to commit to introducing legislation on the issue.
Employment Minister Michaelia Cash criticised the Opposition's response to the announcement, saying the public were being "blatantly misled".
"I am very disappointed already that a scare campaign has already been started," she said.
"I am already receiving emails stating that Sunday penalty rates have been abolished. Shame on those who have instigated this scare campaign."
Senator Cash dismissed reports nurses and emergency services would be affected by the announcement, saying the commission had "no intention of this decision flowing on anywhere else".
Numerous Coalition backbenchers had voiced their support for reducing Sunday penalty rates prior to the decision, but Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said the party would respect and accept whatever decision the Commission made.
That line has been reinforced by Finance Minister Mathias Cormann on numerous occasions.
The decision had been delayed by the commission to avoid coinciding with the election campaign, though politicians continued to cite the review in their campaigns.
The issue became so sensitive that South Australian senator Nick Xenophon threatened legal action over ALP advertising claiming he supported cuts to penalty rates.
The union for hospitality workers, United Voice, has lobbied the Coalition and Labor on penalty rates since 2015, and has often been seen picketing outside parliamentary offices.
Greens call on Labor for support to stop cuts
Greens MP Adam Bandt said he would introduce legislation to stop the cuts, as he foreshadowed during the election campaign.
In a statement, Mr Bandt described the decision as a "body blow" for workers.
"If you work shifts on Sunday or public holidays to help pay the rent or support you through your study, this cut will hurt," he said.
"Coffees won't get any cheaper on Sunday, but young people will find it harder to pay the rent."
Mr Bandt said he would seek the support of Labor.
Topics: work, government-and-politics, unions, hospitality, retail, business-economics-and-finance, australia
First posted
The principle of adaptation -- the gradual modification of a species' structures and features -- is one of the pillars of evolution. While there exists ample evidence to support the slow, ongoing process that alters the genetic makeup of a species, scientists could only suspect that there were also organisms capable of transforming themselves ad hoc to adjust to changing conditions.
Now a new study published in eLife by Dr. Eli Eisenberg of Tel Aviv University's Department of Physics and Sagol School of Neuroscience, in collaboration with Dr. Joshua J. Rosenthal of the University of Puerto Rico, showcases the first example of an animal editing its own genetic makeup on-the-fly to modify most of its proteins, enabling adjustments to its immediate surroundings. The research, conducted in part by TAU graduate student Shahar Alon, explored RNA editing in the Doryteuthis pealeii squid.
"We have demonstrated that RNA editing is a major player in genetic information processing rather than an exception to the rule," said Dr. Eisenberg. "By showing that the squid's RNA-editing dramatically reshaped its entire proteome -- the entire set of proteins expressed by a genome, cell, tissue, or organism at a certain time -- we proved that an organism's self-editing of mRNA is a critical evolutionary and adaptive force." This demonstration, he said, may have implications for human diseases as well.
Using the genetic red pencil
RNA is a copy of the genetic code that is translated into protein. But the RNA "transcript" can be edited before being translated into protein, paving the way for different versions of proteins. Abnormal RNA editing in humans has been observed in patients with neurological diseases. The changing physiological appearance of squid and octopuses over their lifetime and across different habitats has suggested extensive recoding might occur in these species. However, this could never be confirmed, as their genomes (and those of most species) have never been sequenced.
For the purpose of the new study, the researchers extracted both DNA and RNA from squid. Harnessing DNA sequencing and computational analyses at TAU, the team compared the RNA and DNA sequences to observe differences. The sequences in which the RNA and DNA did not match up were identified as "edited."
"It was astonishing to find that 60 percent of the squid RNA transcripts were edited. The fruit fly, for the sake of comparison, is thought to edit only 3% of its makeup," said Dr. Eisenberg. "Why do squid edit to such an extent? One theory is that they have an extremely complex nervous system, exhibiting behavioral sophistication unusual for invertebrates. They may also utilize this mechanism to respond to changing temperatures and other environmental parameters."
"Misfolding" the proteins
The researchers hope to use this approach to identify recoding sites in other organisms whose genomes have not been sequenced.
"We would like to understand better how prevalent this phenomenon is in the animal world. How is it regulated? How is it exploited to confer adaptability?" said Dr. Eisenberg. "There may be implications for us as well. Human diseases are often the result of 'misfolded' proteins, which often become toxic. Therefore the question of treating the misfolded proteins, likely to be generated by such an extensive recoding as exhibited in the squid cells, is very important for future therapeutic approaches. Does the squid have some mechanism we can learn from?"
A controversial homeless camp that sits on a sliver of land in north Portland may be moving, according to a statement from the office of Portland Mayor Charlie Hales.
The news comes as leaders with the Overlook Neighborhood Association (OKNA) announced Hazelnut Grove campers and the mayor's office had abandoned permit discussions. OKNA has long objected to the camp being located between North Greeley and North Interstate. But leaders were open to permitting the camp with certain conditions.
"We put out the press release today, kind of out of frustration," said Chris Trejbal, with OKNA. "The mayor's office and Hazelnut Grove had withdrawn from communications with the neighborhood in negotiating a temporary permit for the camp."
The mayor's office didn't comment on stopping negotiations, but it did send KATU a statement.
"Through productive conversations among the City of Portland, the Overlook Neighborhood Association, and Hazelnut Grove, the City has developed a template conditional use agreement that can be used for all City-sanctioned outdoor shelters that will provide a safe place for people sleeping outside. Because the City is actively looking to move Hazelnut Grove to an area that is serviceable, the conditional use agreement is not necessary for that location."
The statement didn't mention where Hazelnut could move or when it might happen.
OKNA leaders were surprised by the mayor's announcement that Hazelnut Grove could move soon, but they're encouraged as well.
"We're excited about a prospect of potentially resolving this situation," said Trejbal.
From Granblue Fantasy Wiki
Event duration: 08:00 UTC, May 15, 2018 17:00 JST, May 15, 2018 - 11:59 UTC, May 22, 2018 20:59 JST, May 22, 2018 Displayed time is based on your local machine's clock.
Xeno Vohu Manah Clash is a clash event that rewards items used to trade for the Xeno Judgement Lyre and Sahrivar weapons.
It is an expansion of Vohu Manah Showdown and the associated battles are also available during the event.
For new players [ edit ]
This event is fairly difficult for new players, with Xeno content being harder than the basic Showdown and extremely punishing to players without Wind teams. The normal Vohu Manah Showdown is also available, however, which can be used to gather most of the basic trade-in treasure for items from the Xeno event shop. Note that the inventory and material costs of the Xeno shop are separate from that of the normal Vohu Manah Showdown shop
If nothing else, purchase the Half-Elixirs 20×
Xeno Weapon [ edit ]
About Clashes [ edit ]
Clashes and Showdowns [ edit ]
Play Xeno Vohu Manah Clash and Vohu Manah Showdown at the same time!
Clash battles are harder than showdowns. When you are able to clear extreme- or maniac-difficulty showdowns you should be able to take on Xeno Vohu Manah (Note that Xeno Vohu Manah's resistance to elements other than Wind is notably high, meaning this statement is more of a guideline than hard truth).
Difficulty Settings [ edit ]
Xeno Vohu Manah maniac-difficulty will unlock after clearing extreme-difficulty. Nightmare battles will appear at random after beating extreme or maniac battles.
There are three levels of nightmare battles. Defeat the lower-level nightmare bosses to unlock the next one. Play to get treasure for the new event weapons!
Elemental Resistance [ edit ]
Xeno Vohu Manah now has 50% damage resistance to all elements except for Wind.
Xeno Weapons [ edit ]
You can get Xeno weapons from this event.
Exclusive treasure from this event is needed to forge the xeno weapons.
Changes from Previous Xeno Vohu Manah [ edit ]
The special attack Apastak has been adjusted. The debuff success rate of the effect Confused Allies can be targeted (Substitute and Counter are ineffective)
The debuff effect Death Knocked out after 3 turns
Duration : 3 turns
Certain items' drop rates have been adjusted.
Simplified drop table [ edit ]
Farming efficiently [ edit ]
With average luck, there's a decent chance of a drop while farming 3 copies from the shop.
If unlucky, focus on maximizing the number of Sacrosanct Sutra and True Xeno Vohu Manah Anima received.
Priorities:
Do both of the daily maniacs (Xeno and Old Vohu Manah). Do the highest Nightmare possible to maximize Sacrosanct Sutra Host the raid once you have over Evil Judge Crystal 40×
Expected resource cost Can solo NM120 1250~2800 AP 0 EP Assumes 10 Xeno Maniacs. Can solo NM70 3000-7000 AP 0 EP Host raids to reduce cost. Leeching the raid 0 AP ~1200 EP ~400 raids needed for the Sacrosanct Sutra
How to maximize Xeno weapon drops [ edit ]
Run Extreme + Nightmare 70 with Kaguya Raid red chest can drop a Xeno weapon. It's ~1.5% in the Host chest and ~0.5% in the MVP chest. The increased drop rate from NM120 is cancelled out by being able to bring Kaguya to NM70. It takes about 2.8 Extreme clears to trigger one NM. While Extreme can drop a Xeno weapon, it is very rare. However, the wiki staff does not have enough data on the Extreme drop rate to give a percentage. Estimated cost per weapon is 2000 AP from raid and 2500-3000 AP from Extreme+NM70. Note that Drop Rate Boosts are very important for Extreme+NM70.
Event Battles [ edit ]
Found in Quests > Special > Event
Vohu Manah [ edit ]
Xeno Vohu Manah [ edit ]
Event Shop [ edit ]
The event shop sells the Vohu Manah summon and Earth weapons. Items restock with higher costs when sold out.
Trivia [ edit ]
Etymology [ edit ]
Many of the names and terms in this event are derived from Zoroastrianism, a religion of the Middle East.
Vohu Manah is the concept of good moral state of mind, and also occasionally refers to a specific divine aspect of God.
The Avesta is the collection of Zoroastrian religious texts. Avestan is the language in which these are written, and the Vendidad is a specific part thereof, a set of religious laws and codes. Avesta is the modern word for the collection, and Apastak is the Ancient Persian word.
Ahura Mazda refers to the Zoroastrian god itself, and translates roughly to "mighty wisdom."
Dakhma is the Avestan word for the "Tower of Silence", a structure where bodies are placed exposed to open air to be eaten by carrion birds. Blackwind Burial also most likely refers to this practice.
Balkh is the name of a city in Afghanistan, generally regarded as the birthplace of Zoroastrianism, where the founder of the religion first started preaching as well as where he died.
Navjote is a ritual where individuals are inducted into Zoroastrianism, similar to a baptism.
Atar is the concept of holy fire, used for purification.
Here finally 2 photos of our tiny nursery for our new arrival. We already have 2 Totoro's and a few little dust bunnies in the room. Hopefully there are more to follow, grandma to be is working on it. The cot is an NCT bednest we hired for 6 months, it's a bedside cot for our bedroom. We are planning to buy a bigger cot in a few months. The bag on the floor is my new changing bag, an amazing present from my lovely friends.
I also made a little branch with crocheted leaves, here is the tutorial I found in case someone is interested.
In other news, I had another midwife appointment today, the baby is fully engaged and ready to come out. Just wondering when that will be. 🙂
Advertisements
CLOSE Police say Larry Dawson, a 66-year-old man from Tennessee, is the suspected gunman in Monday's shooting at the U.S. Capitol. He is in police custody. VPC
Larry Russell Dawson said in a video posted online that he was traveling to Washington D.C. for a boost to minimum wage. (Photo: St. Lukes Community Church)
WASHINGTON — A Tennessee man faces two assault charges after he brandished a weapon and forced a lockdown at the U.S. Capitol's visitor center on Monday.
Police charged Larry Dawson, 66, with assault with a deadly weapon and assault on a police officer while armed, U.S. Capitol Police said Tuesday.
Dawson remains in critical but stable condition after police shot him at a checkpoint at the Capitol Visitor Center, an underground gateway into the Capitol building. Dawson will be brought to D.C. Superior Court to answer to the charges after he is released from the hospital, police said. His vehicle will be searched after police obtain a search warrant.
Dawson entered the visitor center at 2:39 p.m. and allegedly displayed the weapon during a routine screening process, police said. An officer shot him.
The Capitol complex was locked down for about an hour after the incident. Witnesses described a scary situation where those near the building were told to run away as fast as they could, and those inside were told to remain in place in secure rooms.
A female bystander suffered minor injuries and was treated at the scene, police said. No officers were injured.
Dawson has had previous brushes with the law. He was a one-time funeral director who lost his license and a Williamson County school bus driver who was fired for harassing a teenage girl and a self-styled church pastor. Dawson filed for bankruptcy in 1996 and, between 2000 and 2012, accrued 16 tax liens and small-claims judgments against him.
Dawson was charged in October after declaring himself a “prophet of God” in the House chamber. He was released, but never appeared in court and a bench warrant was issued Nov. 19 for his arrest.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1MPzcJ0
Posted on May 7, 2013
Bill Clinton: We Need Five Years To Judge Obamacare
Former President Bill Clinton addresses the approach to health care in the United States and changes that have to be made to get an honest gauge of the viability of the Affordable Care Act. He speaks at the Peterson Fiscal Summit.
CLINTON: We really need about five year to see whether the drivers in the healthcare law, which clearly are trying to give incentives for people to be healthier and incentives for the sysem to give healthcare where you pay for results rather than procedure. To see if that works. The problem is, neither the Office of Management and Budget nor the Congressional Budget Office will score it. They want us to score this, and do all this healthcare stuff, based on what is a realistic projection of increasing healthcare costs. If you keep the insurance system, the delivery system, and our lifestyles exactly as they have been and project that out. We have to change all three those things, and if you're not willing to do that, we're not going to get anywhere.
Getty Images
Nearly two weeks ago, rumors and reports first emerged suggesting that Bill O'Brien may not be the coach of the Texans for much longer. Texans owner Bob McNair has denied that O'Brien will be fired, but that has done little to end the chatter.
Comments from O'Brien to Mike Silver of NFL Media will do even less to end the chatter.
“I got home the other night and my wife asks me, ‘Where are we living next year?' ” O'Brien said Monday, two days after McNair said O'Brien won't be fired. “Look, things are out there, and you can't control everything that's out there. I signed a five-year contract when I came here. I've enjoyed coaching here. We like living here. So at the end of the day, the Houston Texans are a place that we enjoy working. Whatever the future holds, it holds, but like I said, I have two years left on my contract, so we'll see what happens.”
There's a lingering belief that O'Brien isn't happy in Houston, and that he wants out. Nothing he said to Silver two days after notching O'Brien's first career playoff win will change that perception.
If the Texans win at New England, advancing to the AFC title game for the first time in franchise history, it will be difficult for O'Brien and the team to part ways when the season ends. But that didn't stop Bill Parcells from leaving the Patriots after taking the team to the Super Bowl 20 years ago.
If the Texans lose, all eyes will be on Houston, where the clock immediately will start ticking on a clear and unmistakable mutual renewing of vows for 2017. When half of that equation makes comments that are neither clear nor unmistakable about his desire to stay, it makes even more sense to watch and wait.
Google co-founder Sergey Brin walks the runway wearing new product "Glass by Google" after the Diane von Furstenberg Spring/Summer 2013 collection show during New York Fashion Week September 9, 2012. REUTERS/Andrew Kelly
SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Google Inc will take online orders for its Glass wearable gadget on April 15, in its biggest push to get the $1,500 wraparound Web-ready glasses out to the U.S. public.
For a limited time starting Tuesday, Google will make the wearable device available to more than just the select group of users such as apps developers in its Glass Explorer program.
In a blogpost, Google did not say how many pairs it would sell, just that the quantity would be limited.
“Every day we get requests from those of you who haven't found a way into the program yet, and we want your feedback too,” the company said on a Thursday blogpost.
“That's why next Tuesday, April 15th, we'll be trying our latest and biggest Explorer Program expansion experiment to date. We'll be allowing anyone in the U.S. to become an Explorer by purchasing Glass.”
Many tech pundits expect wearable devices to go mainstream this year, extending smartphone and tablet capabilities to gadgets worn on the body, from watches to headsets. Google has run campaigns in the past to drum up public involvement, including inviting people to tweet under the hashtag #ifihadglass for a chance to buy a pair of the glasses.
Google Glass has raised privacy concerns, prompting some legislators to propose bans on the gadget.
MediaNews Group's get-tough policy toward copyright protection has been led by Righthaven LLC, a Nevada firm whose
Denver Post
-related lawsuits have targeted the likes of
Continue Reading
. Far less powerful is Brian D. Hill, a twenty-year-old hobby blogger on disability, who says he received no warning about unauthorized use of a
Post
photo and can't afford the $6,000 Righthaven told him he must pay to squash a suit against him.
According to BigMedia.org's Jason Salzman, Righthaven had filed thirty suits in federal court here in Colorado as of last week. Thus far, the Post hasn't kept readers abreast of this legal deluge, with the paper's editor, Greg Moore, telling Salzman "there's nothing to report. They are suing on our behalf those who infringe on our copyright."
Moore added: "This is not about educating bloggers or anyone else. It is to restrain them from appropriating our content. We have been clear that we will protect our content and if anyone is unclear about why that's important, there is probably nothing else the institution can say."
As for the individuals on the receiving end of these suits, Drudge is easily the biggest name. The first suit in the barrage was aimed at South Carolina blogger Dana Eiser, accused of republishing a Mike Rosen column about the Tea Party on her tiny LowCounty912 website -- and most of the listings on a docket linked by Salzman feature little-known operations such as Matzoball Entertainment Online. This focus on the little guy was a factor in Rocky Mountain Right overseer Anthony Surace taking his site offline for fear another user had put up Post content without his knowledge.
Also represented on the docket is Hill, sued as an individual for publishing a Denver Post pic of a TSA agent on his website, uswgo.com, launched in October 2009. A resident of Mayodan, North Carolina, Hill is twenty years old and, in his words, "mildly autistic." He also suffers from "a brittle case of Type 1 diabetes. That means my blood sugar tends to fluctuate a lot" -- so much so that he can't work and receives disability payments.
At this writing, uswgo.com, which Hill describes as "an alternative news site where people can post political stuff that would usually not be covered by the mainstream media," is not accessible. He says he pulled it down last week after learning he was being sued -- information that came to him not from Righthaven, but from a journalist.
"A reporter from the Las Vegas Sun, Steve Green, sent me an e-mail and told me about the lawsuit, and he gave me a copy of the lawsuit," Hill notes. "At first, I didn't think it was real, but then I looked at the article and saw my name on there, and I found my name on the court docket site. And I thought, 'Oh my goodness, I'm being sued.'"
At that point, Hill immediately removed the photo, "and then me and my mom contacted Righthaven to try to reason with them. I told them I'm renting a house, so I don't own any property, and I'm on disability, so I really don't have any money for them to take."
According to Hill, a Righthaven representative responded by telling me "that if I paid them $6,000 in an out-of-court settlement, it wouldn't go to trial."
Unfortunately for Hill, he has neither the $6,000 nor enough money to travel to Colorado for a hearing. He received a summons last week that gives him 21 days to respond -- "so me and my mom sent a letter to the judge to try to get him to dismiss the case." And if he doesn't? "Then the only way we can afford to go to Colorado is to countersue Righthaven and have them pay the filing fee."
Of course, Righthaven, represented in the suit against Hill by attorney Steven Gamin, could drop the case, too. Thus far, Gamin hasn't replied to an interview request from Westword. When and if he does, we'll update this post.
Why does Hill think Righthaven is suing him, as opposed to contacting him in advance and asking him to remove the photo, which he says he would have done? Money is one reason -- but after doing an Internet search and finding references like this one to Righthaven's alleged links to the Obama administration, he wonders if there is "a political reason" behind the cases.
And if the case does go to trial? Hill will be representing himself -- because he can't afford a lawyer, either.
More from our Media archive: "Dean Singleton interview about stepping down as CEO of MediaNews Group."
Have We Learned Our Lessons from the Financial Crisis? Rewriting History Is Not a Good Sign
I was listening to a BBC radio news show this morning in which they proclaimed today as the 10th anniversary of the beginning of the financial crisis based on the date in 2007 when the French bank BNP Paribas first blocked withdrawals from hedge funds that specialized in U.S. mortgage debt. The show then said that following this move house prices began dropping.
Really, folks? House prices began falling after this date? That's not what the data show.
At the most aggregate level, the Case-Shiller national index for the U.S. was already down 3.4 percent from its peak in 2006 by August of 2007, but there was enormous dispersion around this figure. House prices in Phoenix had fallen by almost 10.0 percent from their peak the prior year. Prices were down 7 percent in Los Angeles, 11 percent in San Diego, and 10 percent in Washington. And the momentum was clearly downward, with prices in many of these cities falling at the rate of more than 1.0 percent a month.
But wait, it gets better. If we turn to Case Shiller tiered indexes, we find that prices for homes in the bottom third of the San Diego had fallen by more than 13 percent, in San Francisco they were down 12 percent, and in Seattle, they were down 10 percent.
In short, prices had already fallen sharply in many areas and there was every reason to think they would drop further. This is before we got to the official beginning of the financial crisis.
This is not a trivial point. The reversal of ordering matters because the key problem was an over-valued housing market. All of the fraudulent mortgages and exotic financing would not have given us a worldwide financial crisis if they had not been based on a hugely over-valued housing market. The key problem was the bubble. If we don't recognize this fact, then we have learned nothing.
As I have argued elsewhere, it is convenient for economists to blame the financial crisis rather than the bubble, because finance can be complicated. After all, who knew that AIG had written $600 billion worth of credit default swaps on mortgage backed securities?
On the other hand, the bubble was pretty simple. We had an unprecedented nationwide run-up in house prices with no plausible explanation in the fundamentals of the housing market. Rents were going nowhere and vacancy rates were already at record highs before the crash. And the bubble was clearly driving the economy. Residential construction was at a record high as a share of GDP and consumption boomed based on the bubble generated housing wealth. When the bubble burst, there was no source of demand that could replace the lost construction and consumption, which is the story of the Great Recession.
Anyhow, the rewriting of history is not encouraging for our ability to prevent another crisis. At the moment, there are no bubbles driving the economy. But the world's economists have taken advantage of this rewrite of history so that they are not even looking in the right direction.
The recent run-up in the stock market and the rise of house prices to high although generally not bubble levels have led to a surge in consumption with savings rates again at unusually low levels. If the stock market were to suddenly fall by 10 to 20 percent (certainly a possible scenario) and house prices were to fall back by 10 to 20 percent in the most over-valued markets, we would see a serious hit to growth, although not necessarily a recession and certainly nothing like what we saw in 2008–2009.
But this set of events would likely catch most of the economic establishment by surprise because they are not looking for bubbles: they only care about banks' balance sheets. No, we have not learned the lessons from the housing bubble.
Doncaster Platform 0
Nationwide Rail Ltd is employed by Carillion plc to provide labour plant and materials to carry out total construction of a new 106m long platform (Platform 0) and to install foundations, staircases and lift shafts to an existing island platform. The latter will enable Carillion to install a bridge from the new platform to the existing platform along with lift installation to both platforms.
Nationwide Rail Ltd has provided Carillion plc with all resources for groundworks at platform level and are now on the preferred supplier list for Carillion plc with several tenders recently submitted on future schemes.
Platform 0 includes:
400m3 excavation with limited access from one end of the platform. All materials were removed from site. Construction of 150 reinforced concrete piles along with 17 raft type reinforced concrete pilecaps totalling 250m3 concrete. Blockwork front riser wall and reinforced concrete rear wall infilled with Type 1 sub base incorporating linear and positive drainage with the standard railway oversail/coper arrangement and bituminous surfacing.
At the end of Platform 0 Nationwide Rail has constructed foundations and surfacing for a new waiting room, a reinforced concrete lift shaft and a piled reinforced foundation for the bridge supports.
Platform 1/3 island platform includes:
48 reinforced concrete piles with pilecaps for the reinforced concrete bridge supports, staircase supports, platform canopy supports and concrete lift shaft construction.
Above platform level, the lift shaft will be constructed in steelwork with a blockwork and cladding shell.
The “hurricane drought” in the U.S. continues, as last year saw the lowest number of hurricanes since 1982, according to government storm data.
For the 2013 hurricane season — which runs from June 1st to November 30th — thirteen named storms formed in the North Atlantic Ocean, the Caribbean and the Gulf of Mexico. Only two of those storms reached hurricane strength, according to the National Hurricane Center.
The National Hurricane Center reports: “BASED ON THE 30-YEAR CLIMATOLOGY… THE AVERAGE LEVEL OF ACTIVITY IN THE BASIN IS 12 NAMED STORMS…6 HURRICANES…AND 3 MAJOR HURRICANES. FOR 2013…THE NUMBER OF NAMED STORMS WAS NEAR AVERAGE…BUT THE NUMBERS OF HURRICANES AND MAJOR HURRICANES WERE WELL BELOW AVERAGE.”
(Capitalization in the original.)
The Center adds: “THERE WERE NO MAJOR HURRICANES IN THE NORTH ATLANTIC BASIN FOR THE FIRST TIME SINCE 1994. AND THE NUMBER OF HURRICANES THIS YEAR WAS THE LOWEST SINCE 1982.”
In the wake of Hurricane Sandy in 2012, environmental groups and the Obama administration pushed the notion that “extreme weather” events were evidence that global warming was happening and getting worse.
“We know that the extreme weather events that we're seeing, the record wildfires, the record droughts, the extreme storms that we're seeing, the hurricane that we saw with a 1,000-mile diameter that hit the eastern seaboard late October of last year, are precisely what scientists have said would be the cause of global warming and climate change,” Michael Brune, executive director of the Sierra Club said on CNN.
President Barack Obama has even proposed creating a $1 billion “climate resiliency fund” to prepare local communities for the impacts of global warming — more droughts, floods, storms, and more.
But last year not only saw the fewest hurricanes since the 1980s, but it was also the third straight year for record low tornado activity. Last year also saw new lows for tropical cyclone activity in the Eastern North Pacific, according to government data.
The National Hurricane Center reports that accumulated cyclone energy, which measures the combined strength and duration of these storms, was about 67 percent below the 1981-2010 average. In 2013, it was the lowest since 1994.
The Center concludes that while the number of named storms was slightly above normal, the numbers of hurricanes was near normal and major hurricanes were significantly below normal.
Follow Michael on Twitter and Facebook
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
As water levels dropped in the western Canadian city of Calgary, residents returned to muddy, waterlogged homes on Sunday to assess the damage from flooding that has devastated much of Alberta, causing at least three deaths and forcing thousands to evacuate.
As water levels dropped in the western Canadian city of Calgary, residents returned to muddy, waterlogged homes on Sunday to assess the damage from flooding that has devastated much of Alberta, causing at least three deaths and forcing thousands to evacuate.
In Medicine Hat, Alberta, thousands of people have left their homes as water levels rose on the South Saskatchewan River. The river is not expected to peak until Monday morning.
To the west, in Calgary, vacated neighbourhoods along the swollen Bow and Elbow rivers were showing signs of life again as displaced residents started to trickle home. Some of the 75,000 flood evacuees from more than 24 areas were returning to properties spared by the flooding, but many are facing extensive repairs to homes and businesses.
Nathan MacBey and his wife found muddy water had risen to about kitchen counter level in their Calgary home at the peak of the flooding. His basement is still swamped and the main floor of the home is covered in wet mud. "This is unprecedented," said the father-of-two.
The flooding forced authorities to evacuate Calgary's entire downtown and hit some of the city's iconic structures hard. The Saddledome, home to the National Hockey League's Calgary Flames, was flooded up to the 8th row of the lower bowl.
Flames' president and chief executive officer Ken King said the flooding had caused a total loss on the event level with all mechanical equipment submerged under 15ft of water. "If you were a hockey player walking out of the tunnel to the ice, you'd be underwater yourself," he said.
Water lapped at the roof of the chuckwagon barns at the grounds of the Calgary Stampede, which is scheduled to start in two weeks. Calgary Mayor Naheed Nenshi has said the city will do everything it can to make sure that the world-renowned party goes ahead.
Overflowing rivers on Thursday and Friday washed out roads and bridges, soaked homes and turned streets into dirt-brown waterways around southern Alberta. The mountain town of Canmore, Alberta, was one of the first communities hit when the flooding began.
Residents have been allowed to return to 260 evacuated homes in Canmore but police said 40 more are too damaged to allow people back.
John Marriott lost his backyard when a raging river roared right up to the foundation of his house. "It's still a lot better than watching it flow away in the creek, which I thought it was going to be," said the wildlife photographer. "I don't want to relocate but I guess you do what you have to do. It's just a house."
Press Association
It looks like an ordinary summer's day at a swimming pool on the outskirts of Sevilla in southern Spain: a group of children is splashing around in the water.
The poor will get poorer and the rich will get richer. Asunción Campanario Market vendor
But this is a special day for them. They are here with social workers from the organisation Entre Amigos (Between Friends).
They are part of the millions of Spaniards who are not reaping the benefits of the economic upturn.
We travel with them to their neighbourhood in Polígono Sur, known as ‘the '3.000 homes', one of the poorest in Spain.
The children are among hundreds who receive free meals from the organisation over the summer holidays in schools across the neighbourhood. It's part of a program launched nationwide three years ago by the NGOEduco.
“Requests for our summer meals have gone up by 40% compared to last year,” Fernando Rodríguez of Educo Andalucía tells us. “The economic crisis has led to budget cuts in social funding, education, health. That has led to many families trying to cut down on food spending. Nobody is going hungry, but there is malnutrition in Spain.”
More than 40% of children live in poverty in Sevilla. It may be a prime tourist destination, but it is also the country's fifth poorest city. A situation that is gaining ground among Spain's middle class families.
Families like Salud Funes'. Every morning, on her way to work, she drops off her twins at a school in the Palmete neighbourhood, where the NGO Save the Children fills in the gaps in Spain's welfare system, offering the children games and educational activities.
“New families have arrived, people who have lost their jobs, or who work in very precarious conditions and no longer have any social benefits. Our main concern is that this kind of poverty is turning into a chronic phenomenon,” says Javier Cuenca, head of the Save the Children Andalucía.
Salud lives with her family in her parents' house, along with her sister's and her brother's families.
Both she and her husband have jobs – she works as a domestic help and he is a construction worker – but they cannot afford to pay the rent on a home of their own.
“My mother helps us out, she puts food on the table every day, and she buys breakfast for the kids. That way we manage,” she tells us.
Out of work for several years following the economic crisis, Salud's husband finally found a job a few months ago. But the wages are unreliable, she says.
“The first month he earned 800 euros, the second 900 euros, the third 550 euros. It's a total disaster, we don't know what we're going to earn from one month to the next. It varies, depending on how many hours work we get. So I save money the months I earn more, which I spend when I earn less. Because otherwise there are months when we wouldn't even be able to afford the bills.”
In another part of Sevilla, in the heart of the old town, we meet Manolo Garrido. He is an activist, and spokesman with the so-called Platform for Mortgage victims, the PAH.
Most of the people we meet at PAH's Sevilla premises used to lead comfortable lives. The crisis changed all that. In debt, unable to cope with prohibitive bank rates, some have already lost their homes. Others are fighting to keep theirs.
“They come here to find comfort and help, we tell them there is always room for negotiation. If they cannot pay off their debt, maybe there is another solution, they don't necessarily have to end up on the street,” Manolo explains.
Celestina Velasco is among those who found hope at the PAH. She used to run a building company with her husband, which employed some fifteen people. When their biggest clients failed to pay the bills, the couple was unable to pay back their bank loans. They went bankrupt. Their flat was seized. The company's offices are being put up for auction.
“Look,” she shows us the closed-down offices, “these were our offices. I lost my home, and now a court case is under way, and the bank is likely to seize the place. And even then, I will have to continue to pay off my debt… for the rest of my life.”
Today, Celestina lives with her two children in her 25-year old son's flat. With his monthly salary of 1.000 euros, he provides for most of their needs.
Celestina's fall brought on serious depression and a divorce. At 53, she's trying to resurface. She has just found a temporary job in a service company for the elderly, for 500 euros a month.
“I have this job for two or three months, I don't know how long it will last,” she tells us. “Every day, I look for work, I never stop. I ask for help from social workers and from Caritas, they put me in touch with people, and so I send CVs to restaurants, bars, places like that. I'm just trying to find something.”
Spain has one of the highest growth rates in the eurozone. But poverty rates in Andalusia are the same as they were at the height of the crisis, says Mariano Perez de Ayala, the regional head of Caritas (the Catholic Agency for International Aid and Development). According to him, austerity policies and labor law reforms have led to more precarity in Spain.
“Our system doesn't smooth out inequalities in times of economic boom, and it destroys a lot of jobs and deepens inequalities in times of crisis,” he says. “The crisis has reversed many social achievements in Europe. We have seen the rise of a neo-liberal model that undermines the social welfare system. Labour reforms that have been implemented according to this model have been detrimental to the social achievements of recent years.”
Asunción Campanario has not had a permanent job for nine years. Once a week, she goes to the wholesalers to buy goods which she sells on markets and in her neighborhood.
A mother of two, she also takes care of her elderly mother. She says she and her husband simply couldn't cope without the help of charities.
“I used to have my own business, I ran a bar, I also worked in wholesale trade, I sold jewelry and accessories. My husband also worked wherever he found a job – in lift maintenance, on building sites – we did quite well. We worked for others and we were much better off then. Now we are self-employed, and we work much more for less.”
The next morning, we meet Asunción at the market.
“Sales are low, they're low, because it is very hot and there aren't many people, but I'm coping! I talk a lot, so I manage to sell!”
Asunción makes the best of the situation but she doesn't expect to see things improve anytime soon: “This will last,” she tells us. “Politicians will keep on stealing money and filling their pockets. They only think of themselves! And we, the poor people, we are the last in the world! We'll just keep on being poor. The poor will get poorer and the rich will get richer. It's always been that way.”
Yesterday we took eight fun-to-drive performance vehicles under $30,000 and put them through their paces on the street.
After much deliberation, we chose the 2014 Ford Fiesta ST as the king of the street. Despite a somewhat harsh ride, nothing else matches the raw, hilariously fun driving experience behind the wheel.
But now it's time to get serious. We have come to the AutoGuide.com test track to complete the second half of our under $30,000 shootout. Every car will be taken around the track and scored on two criteria only; how fast it completes a lap and how fun it is when driven at the limit. That score, combined with yesterday's street score is used to determine the final finishing order.
Get the Flash Player to see this player.
To keep things interesting, this is an elimination round, as we compile the data the track and the street to determine which cars are headed home, and which will move on to the top three.
Tomorrow we'll unveil the overall winner of the AutoGuide.com Under $30,000 Performance Car Shootout.
Eighth Place – 2014 Honda Civic Si Coupe
Having track tested a different 2014 Civic Si Coupe just a few weeks prior, I knew within half a lap that something wasn't right with this car. It just wasn't accelerating with the same urgency once revs climbed past 5,000 RPM, and that's normally the sweet spot in the powerband for these 2.4L iVTEC engines.
I was told this car had been used a few days prior at a Honda event where IndyCar driver James Hinchcliffe, and some other folks, were thrashing about in it. Did Hinchcliffe damage our car?
It's hard to say for sure, but whatever the reason, this Civic Si was almost 3-seconds off my best lap time in the healthy one I had a few weeks earlier. To be fair, all the cars were 1 to 2 seconds slower than previous test results thanks to an unusually greasy track surface (someone oiled it down with a blown engine prior to our arrival). But with the lowest top speed of any car in this competition, clearly something wasn't right.
SEE ALSO: 2014 Honda Civic Si Coupe Review
Still, it wasn't just the immediate issues holding back the Civic Si compared to the other seven cars in this shootout. Despite the changes Honda has made to it for 2014, it still has more body roll and more understeer than the other cars here, and ultimately that is reflected in in the fact that it had the second lowest cornering g-forces and lowest ‘fun to drive on the track' score in the group.
Fast Facts
Lap time: 1:31.232 (8th) Top Speed: 93.3 MPH (8th) Max Cornering G-Force: 1.05 (7th) Max Braking G-Force: 0.69 (8th) Fun To Drive On The Track (out of 25): 16 (8th) Engine: 2.4-liter four-cylinder, 205 HP, 174 lb-ft Transmission: Six-speed manual Drivetrain: Front-wheel drive, Helical LSD Fuel Economy Ratings: 22 MPG City, 31 MPG Highway Fuel Economy Observed: 26.4 MPG Price: $23,580 after destination charges
GALLERY: 2014 Honda Civic Si Coupe
1 of 3
About This Game
Unique design: Radar Warfare is a bullet hell / fast-paced arcade shoot 'em up with radar theme and retro style.
Unique gameplay: Play as a spaceship commander, dodge bullets, defend the base and kill enemies using just your radar.
Steam achievements and stats!
Steam cloud;
Controller support;
27 stages that will challenge you with different waves and enemies;
Addictive soundtrack made by Muz Station Productions;
Radar Warfare is a bullet hell/fast-paced arcade shoot 'em up with radar theme and retro style. How long can you survive?Prepare to face an alien invasion. As a commander, it's your duty to fight back and save the world. Expect heavy resistance and many enemy waves. To win this fight you will need to: keep moving, kill enemies, unlock new ships and guns and do all that..., very simple, right?!I've been making games as a hobby for a while. After 12 mobile games, I decided to take a step further and work on my first PC game. My love for arcade games, retro visuals, and simple mechanics brought to life Radar Warfare. I greatly appreciate feedback and I'm always open to suggestions. Please contact me through Twitter, facebook or email me if you'd like to report a bug, something odd, or you just want to say hello.Of course, there's room for improvement: new game modes, new stages, new ships and full controller support are just a few things that I'm going to implement in the future to make this game absolutely great.I really hope you enjoy playing Radar Warfare.
You know how it is; searching on pinterest and etsy for gorgeous yarn colors, just for the sake of drooling over them. Most of the time it ends with only looking, mostly because the yarn I like the most, has to come from America. I don't mind that, but if you want to ship to Holland, you're likely to pay almost the same amount of money you spend on the yarn on import fees. I don't like paying that much for yarn, so I decided to take out my yarn dyeing stuff and get going myself!
I wanted to get a semi solid teal color and that is exactly what I got! This exceeded all of my expectations and I truly can say I'm totally in love.
Look at that gorgeous saturated color!
When I dye yarn I always write the exact amounts down, so I can use them later if I want to replicate the result. And a result it is! I'm by no means an expert but I really wanted to share the recipe with you, to share the wealth 🙂
Here's what I used:
I used 50 grams of phildar Phil folk sock yarn which is 75 % wool and 25 % polyamide
Wilton leaf green icing gel
Wilton royal blue icing gel
Vinegar
Here's what I did:
I pre soaked the yarn in a bowl with hot tap water and 4 tea spoons of white vinegar. I left it to soak for +/- 3 hours. I don't think it matters for how long you soak it, as long as the water has gone through and through. This helps absorb the dye evenly, as I understand it.
I set a pan on the stove with a thick bottom to help distribute the heat evenly. I poured in about 5 cups of water without vinegar. Next I put in the yarn which is drained of excess water but still moist. I put on the heat and let it slowly come to a near boil.
When the yarn was heating up I prepared the dye solution. 400 ml hot water -> about 1,5 cups without any vinegar. Then I put a little fork in the jar of wilton royal blue and scooped out quite a big amount, so that the fork is totally covered in gel. I stirred it through the water until it was completely dissolved. Then I scooped out half a fork worth of leaf green, this is enough to make the end color more to the green side than blue. I stirred the green through the dye solution and let it dissolve.
When the water is near boiling I turned down the heat to a low and added 3 table spoons of vinegar to the pot and stirred. I pushed the yarn to the sides and gently poured in the dye solution. Then I turned the heat to a little higher setting and left it to simmer until the water was completely clear.
You can see I poured the dye solution in the middle because that's where it's a bit darker.
As a final step I rinsed the yarn gently with dish soap and water until there was no dye coming out the skein. I hung it to dry over night and when it was dry made beautiful pictures of the yarn and did little dances ^^
It's only a 50 gram skein with 210 meters on it, so I don't know what to do with it yet, but I'm sure I will come up with something 😉 I really like how it works with gold, so maybe a little shawl with a gold shawl pin? What do you think I should make?
On June 20, 2016, the Full Moon appears on the same night as the summer solstice! It's rare, all right.
A full Moon hasn't landed smack on the solstice since 1948. But that's what's actually happening on Monday, June 20.
This has visible in-your-face consequences.
First, there's the solstice …
The solstice is, of course, the day with the most minutes of sunshine.
It's when the midday Sun is the year's highest.
The sun rises at its leftmost spot on the horizon and sets at its rightmost position.
The setting sun sprays into windows at a strange angle, and touches bits of furniture that are not illuminated at any other time.
The Sun's path across the sky makes its longest and most curvy arc.
Check out your shadow at 1:00 PM , like Puxtatawney Phil. This Monday that's your shortest shadow of the year.
Then you have the full Moon. By landing exactly on the solstice, this Full Moon doesn't just rise as the Sun sets but is opposite the Sun in all other ways too.
The Sun gets super high so this Moon must be super-low. Even at its loftiest at 1 AM, it's downright wimpy-low. This forces its light through thicker air, which also tends to be humid this time of year, and the combination typically makes it amber colored.
This is the true Honey Moon.
The moment of full Moon is early Monday morning. So it will look equally full on Sunday night and Monday night. You get two chances to enjoy the Solstice honeymoon.
On the evening of June 20, join me. We'll be looking through a giant telescope at the Moon, courtesy of Slooh, and you can see it, too, through our live feed right to this Web site. Pretty amazing, right? Click here for the live Solstice Full Moon show!
(Reuters) - Zimmer Holdings Inc ZMH.N said on Thursday it would buy rival orthopedic products maker Biomet Inc LVBHAB.UL for more than $13 billion, the latest deal in a wave of consolidations in the healthcare industry.
Investors gave a resounding thumbs up to the announcement, sending Zimmer shares up more than 18 percent on expectations the larger scale will help it navigate stiffer pricing pressure on medical devices from hospitals and insurers. The deal is expected to take Zimmer from the fourth-largest seller of orthopedics products to No. 2, behind Johnson & Johnson (JNJ.N).
Zimmer, which expects to close the deal in the first quarter of 2015, said the combination would double the size of its spine and dental business, broaden its portfolio of products to treat bones, knees and hips, and give it an entry into the smaller but growing field of sports medicine.
“Biomet is a perfect fit for us,” Zimmer Chief Executive David Dvorak told analysts and investors on a conference call.
The deal will also significantly add to Zimmer's earnings in the first year and lead to net annual cost savings of about $270 million by the third year after closing, the company said.
“The financial aspects of it are hard to find fault in,” said Jefferies & Co analysts Raj Denhoy. “In healthcare, being a larger company that has a broader product offering seems to be the way that things are evolving. You're selling to hospitals as opposed to individual surgeons and having that larger footprint is believed over time to be important.”
The Zimmer announcement follows a flurry of large deals and rumored transactions in healthcare aimed at either gaining scale or specializing in certain disease areas over the past few days.
In a surprise move earlier this week, Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc VRX.TO teamed with Bill Ackman's Pershing Capital hedge fund on an unsolicited $47 billion bid for Botox-maker Allergan Inc (AGN.N). That followed media reports that Pfizer Inc (PFE.N) had approached British drugmaker AstraZeneca (AZN.L) over a potential $100 billion merger that did not materialize.
Also this week, Novartis AG NOVN.VX and GlaxoSmithKline Plc (GSK.L) agreed to trade some $20 billion in assets, while Eli Lilly and Co (LLY.N) agreed to buy Novartis's animal health business for $5.4 billion.
LONG TIME COMING
Piper Jaffray analyst Matt Miksic said consolidation in the $45 billion global orthopedics market was a long time coming.
“In hips and knees there are five pretty large players all competing for the business of the hospital and the surgeon and most people looking at the industry ... would say the economics work better for everyone if there were fewer,” Miksic said.
Biomet was taken private for $11.4 billion by a private equity consortium in 2007, when the economy and medical device market were particularly strong.
The consortium, including affiliates of Blackstone Group (BX.N), Goldman Sachs Capital Partners, Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co (KKR.N) and TPG TPG.UL, last month had filed with U.S. regulators to raise $100 million through an initial public offering. That plan was overtaken by the Zimmer deal that has been approved by both boards of directors.
Morningstar analyst Debbie Wang said the deal was even more important for Biomet, which like Zimmer is headquartered in Warsaw, Indiana, as hospitals look to shore up profit by consolidating vendors.
“There are a lot of orthopedic makers out there right now and the smaller ones were at great risk of being left behind,” Wang said. “So for Biomet to hook up with one of the larger players, it really saved their business over the long haul.”
In 2013, the companies' combined revenue amounted to $7.8 billion.
Based on the $5.2 billion in equity that the four buyout firms invested in Biomet's leveraged buyout, and assuming no dividends paid to them since the acquisition, they stand to make more than 1.4 times their money on the deal, regulatory filings show.
“The implied transaction value would suggest around a 40 to 45 percent improvement in Biomet's valuation relative to where we held it as of March 31,” Scott Nuttall, KKR's head of global capital and asset management, said on KKR's first-quarter earnings call on Thursday.
Under terms of the deal Zimmer will pay $10.35 billion in cash and issue $3 billion in shares to Biomet shareholders. Once completed, Zimmer stockholders are expected to own about 84 percent of the combined company and Biomet shareholders about 16 percent, Zimmer said.
The cash portion of the deal will be funded by cash on hand and $3 billion from a senior unsecured term loan and an issue of senior notes.
Zimmer shares were up $10.54, or 11.5 percent, at $101.99 on the New York Stock Exchange after earlier climbing as high as $108.33.
Zimmer was advised by Credit Suisse Securities and White & Case LLP. Biomet was advised by BofA Merrill Lynch, Goldman Sachs, Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP and Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP.
Court Refuses To Uphold Evidence Seized During Completely Bogus Traffic Stop
from the law-enforcement-dashcam-key-witness-against-law-enforcement dept
Very rarely does anyone want to believe a defendant in a criminal prosecution. They have the most to lose, are often presumed guilty by all involved, and if they'd done nothing wrong, they wouldn't be here defending themselves, right? None of that is how the system is supposed to work. But that's how it often does.
Law enforcement officers, on the other hand, are often treated as unimpeachably credible, even when their recollections of events are less than accurate. Sometimes they get called out for it. Most times they don't. About the only way their dishonesty is called out if if there's another set of eyes on the scene -- like dashcams or body-worn cameras. (This, too, is far from a sure thing.)
That's what happened here. A bogus traffic stop that morphed into a drug bust began with zero traffic violations -- even though the officer performing the stop claimed at least two violations had occurred. (via FourthAmendment.com)
Victor Dominguez-Fernand was pulled over for allegedly driving with his headlights off and following too close to the vehicle ahead. Unfortunately for Deputy Nicholas Ernestes, his dashcam showed both claimed violations were bogus.
First off, the supposed violation of "driving with headlights off" was only a presumed violation. Deputy Ernestes testified that he "believed" headlights were required because of the weather conditions (overcast and raining) but couldn't actually assert that such a requirement exists.
This, of course, is hardly a fatal error. The Supreme Court (along with dozens of lower courts) have made it clear law enforcement isn't required to know the laws it's enforcing. All they have to do is believe a violation has occurred to perform a traffic stop.
Not that it mattered. When Ernestes turned on his lights to pull over Fernand, his dashcam kicked in, and it showed something completely different [PDF].
The available dash-cam video shows that the taillights on Mr. Dominguez-Fernand's car were on for at least 30 seconds before Deputy Ernstes turned on his emergency lights.
If the taillights are on, the headlights are on. Ernestes also claimed Fernand was following too close to the vehicle ahead of him, even though Ernestes was unable to remember many details about the vehicle Fernand was supposedly tailgating.
Deputy Ernstes attested in an affidavit submitted before the hearing that he “pull[ed] his vehicle even with the black Mitsubishi” to confirm its speed and observed at that time that it was allegedly following the vehicle in front of it too closely. Deputy Ernstes does not remember what type of vehicle was in front of Mr. Dominguez-Fernand's car. Deputy Ernstes testified that he used a method that involved counting the “skip lines” on the roadway to determine that Mr. Dominguez-Fernand's car was allegedly closer to the vehicle in front of it than the “two-second rule” established in the Indiana Driving Manual. Deputy Ernstes testified that based on that calculation, he believed Mr. Dominguez-Fernand had violated Indiana Code § 9-21-8-14. Deputy Ernstes testified that he only saw the alleged traffic infraction for a few seconds.
Again, the dashcam saw it differently.
It shows that it was raining and that a box truck was in the distance in front of Mr. Dominguez-Fernand's car.
The defendant recalled the incident in a way that more agrees with the dashcam footage than the deputy's affidavit and testimony.
Mr. Dominguez-Fernand had been driving for several hours and it had been raining heavily for ten to fifteen minutes before he was stopped by Deputy Ernstes. Mr. Dominguez-Fernand specifically remembered that the headlights on the car were turned on because he had been continuously driving through the night and the car's dashboard was lit up for visibility. He emphasized that he drove a delivery truck for a living and that he was intentionally driving slower than the speed limit because of the rain. He maintained a five or six second distance between his car and the box truck in front of him because it was spraying a lot of water up because of the rain. Indeed, the dash-cam video shows that the rain caused trucks traveling on Interstate 70 to spray water behind them for a considerable distance.
Deputy Ernestes claimed the vehicle's lights were off when the defendant passed him, something the court finds dubious because this supposed reason for pulling over the defendant was never mentioned once during the course of the stop. Further, state law doesn't require the use of headlights in these weather conditions -- only if vehicles cannot be clearly seen within 500 feet. Ernestes' own testimony stated he could see cars approaching "up to one mile away" and they all had their headlights on. 5,280 feet being ten times the length required by statute means headlights or not, there was no violation.
The camera also showed Fernand was a safe distance behind the vehicle in front of him. So, despite Fernand's eventual consent to a search of the vehicle (which resulted in the discovery of amphetamines), the initial stop was so bogus the court cannot allow the subsequent search to stand.
The court also points out that Ernestes could have bolstered his claims that the violations occurred before the dashcam's automatic recording by simply using the recording device in his vehicle to, you know, record evidence.
The impact of these inconsistencies might have been lessened if Deputy Ernstes had manually turned on his dash-cam to record the traffic violation he claims to have seen. While he admits he could have done so, he did not, depriving the record of significant, reliable evidence.
As to the inconsistencies, they were more than just the fuzziness one would expect from a law enforcement who performs dozens of inconsequential traffic stops every shift. The inconsistencies stemmed from Ernestes' initial statements and paperwork.
Deputy Ernstes testified that he could not remember anything about the type of vehicle Mr. Dominguez-Fernand was allegedly too closely following. Deputy Ernstes' affidavit, however, attests that he pulled alongside Mr. Dominguez-Fernand's car to observe its speed and that it was allegedly too closely following the preceding vehicle, which would have given him a clear view of the large box truck Mr. Dominguez-Fernand was following. The imprecise nature of Deputy Ernstes' recollection is further underscored by the Court's previous conclusion that Deputy Ernstes was incorrect about the headlights on Mr. Dominguez-Fernand's car being turned off, as well as Deputy Ernstes' testimony at the hearing that he could only see one person in Mr. Dominguez-Fernand's car, despite the fact that his affidavit states he could see “that two males were located inside of the vehicle” when he pulled alongside it.
And away goes the evidence, which is the only thing supporting the government's charges.
The Court has already held that the Government has not met its burden to show by a preponderance of the evidence that Deputy Ernstes had probable cause to stop Mr. Dominguez-Fernand's car. Thus, the exclusionary rule forbids use of the unlawfully obtained evidence at trial. Since the Government has not argued that an exception to the exclusionary rule applies in these circumstances, and it is the Government's burden to do so, the Court concludes that the drugs discovered in Mr. Dominguez-Fernand's car must be suppressed.
Surprisingly, the government never asked for consideration under the "good faith exception," nor did the court decide to entertain this idea on its own. That this resulted in tossed evidence even with the Heien decision in place suggests law enforcement can still manage to go too far when cooking up bogus reasons to stop drivers.
Filed Under: 4th amendment, search, traffic stop, victor dominguez-fernand
Image caption Striking workers will not have their wages topped up from next year
Low-paid workers who take strike action will no longer have their wages topped up by the state, ministers say.
Workers on up to £13,000 a year can currently claim working tax credits to top up their income even when they take part in industrial action.
But from next year there will be no increase in benefits if a worker's income drops due to strike action.
The TUC said it was a "mean-spirited" move aimed at deterring workers from standing up for their rights.
The change is part of the new Universal Credit, which is replacing the benefit system with a single payment.
Mr Duncan Smith says the fact that the current benefit system compensates workers and tops up their income when they go on strike is "unfair and creates perverse incentives".
'Democratic right'
"Striking is a choice, and in future benefit claimants will have to pay the price for that choice, as under Universal Credit, we no longer will," said Mr Duncan Smith.
This is gesture politics aimed at putting fear into vulnerable Unite
But the TUC's head of economics, Nicola Smith, said most workers did not choose to go on strike "unless they feel they have no other choice".
And the money they lost in pay while taking part in industrial action was "far more significant than the small amounts of top-ups they get through the tax credits system".
She told the BBC News channel the right to strike was a democratic right that every worker in the UK had.
"And I think it's important that the government recognises that, and doesn't move ahead with this mean-spirited change that means for a few families things will be even tougher than they have to be at what will already be a very difficult time."
A spokesman for the Unite trade union said: "This is gesture politics aimed at putting fear into vulnerable, low-paid workers to stop them from standing up for their rights against poor working conditions."
Under the new rules, benefit claimants will be identified as being involved in a trade dispute using information provided by HM Revenue and Customs, the government said.
The amount a household receives in benefits will then be assessed using the normal, "non-strike" level of earnings.
'Starving people'
Shadow work and pensions secretary Liam Byrne, for Labour, said every week the government found "someone else to blame" for the recession.
"Britain needs a plan for jobs and growth and a government which will take a sensible approach to industrial relations.
"Instead David Cameron's out-of-touch government, not content with creating panic at the pumps after mishandling the fuel dispute, are talking about starving people back to work.
"It seems that Iain Duncan Smith has put the idea that 'we are all in this together' well and truly in the bin."
Labour MP Anne Begg, chair of the work and pensions select committee, said questions remained on the Universal Credit.
"This is another example of it not being as generous as the government first made out that it was.
"The gains may actually be less than the gains that previously existed under the tax credit system. "
1 . Weight
Low weight is the cornerstone of a fuel-efficient vehicle because the amount of energy required to accelerate a car is directly proportional to its mass. Plus, lightness has a cascading effect. A lightweight body doesn't require a stout chassis, heavy-duty suspension components or large brakes. And the tires can be smaller, reducing rolling resistance.
2. Aerodynamic drag
The power—the rate of energy consumption—required to overcome aero drag is a product of the speed and the car's aerodynamic resistance. Lowering the resistance requires a two-pronged strategy: reducing the frontal area (the product of the car's height and width minus about 15 percent) and the drag coefficient, which is a measure of how easily the shape glides through the air.
3. Mechanical Efficiency
How much of the car's onboard energy makes it to the road? Electric powertrains are more efficient in this regard but require large and heavy batteries, which hurt overall vehicle efficiency. Internal combustion engines and liquid fuel are lighter but convert only about 30 percent of chemical energy to motion. Hybrids attempt to bridge the gap by capturing normally wasted braking energy.
4. Rolling Resistance
Drivetrain and bearing friction play a role here, but so does the rolling resistance of the tires. The less rubber on the road, the better, but beware of handling instability. And weight is the enemy of low rolling resistance (see No. 1, above).
Last night on his show Mike Huckabee called on (a seemingly unprepared) Ann Coulter to explain last month's claim that “all liberals are atheists. Only the ones who have to stand for election even bother pretending to believe in God…There's only one true Christian liberal in the country and that's Mike Huckabee.” Indeed.
Coulter, who protested “this was not our topic, Governor!” defended the quote by saying it was not an insult to Huckabee, but an insult to all of Obama's so-called Christian advisers (“they are such fake, phony frauds”) whom Coulter thinks do not spend enough time protesting abortion in the President's presence.
“So I started thinking, what if you were a genuine Christian but you had some crazy liberal views on things that are not directly Christian, what would that look like? And I thought of you Governor.”
The crux of Coulter's ‘Huckabee is a liberal' argument is that she thinks he was soft on illegal immigration during his 2008 run — specifically he once compared it to slavery — and moreover “everyone wants to be black in this country…everyone wants to claim the mantle of victimhood” and it's neither acceptable nor a fair comparison. Coulter additionally asserts that Huckabee's position that you shouldn't punish the children of illegal aliens is the modern day equivalent of the government supporting illegitimacy in the African American community 30 years ago (presumably she is referring to welfare here) and when you subsidize something you get more of it.
Huckabee, perhaps not surprisingly, appeared more upset at the idea of being called a liberal than he did at any of Coulter's typically unhinged analogies, though it should be noted amidst all his protestations he held his ground and refused to “judge” anyone else's Christianity. Watch below. If this midterm election season is anything to judge by, it's probably just a matter of time before Coulter is asked to moderate an upcoming presidential debate.
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
Growing up in a small, rural village in Poland, Iwona Pinkowicz always dreamed of travel–but her father never dared. He was a hardworking man who had no time or money for such luxuries as the beach.
Marian, sometimes working two jobs to provide for his family, had never taken a vacation trip–and certainly never dreamed of globe trotting to the tropics.
OUR APP IS YOUR TICKET TO GOOD NEWS—> Download FREE for Android and iOS
His daughter Iwona became a photographer and digital marketer in London, and became an avid world traveler.
As a way to thank her father for all he'd done over the years, Iwona and her fiancee surprised Marian with an extra ticket on their 16-day trip to Singapore before hopping to Bali, a tropical paradise in Indonesia late last year.
RELATED: Follow This Couple as They Marry Each Other 38 Times in 12 Countries
Iwona documented Marian's adventure in photos. From soaking in pools, to biking through a rain forest, and smiling contentedly with sand on his bare feet lying in a hammock, each image, Iwona says, is a reminder that “you should take the time to treat your friends and family.”
(SEE Iwona Pinkowicz's photos and READ her story at Bored Panda) – Photo: Hernán Piñera: CC
Send This Story On A Trip To Your Friends…
Wicked Alum Carrie St. Louis, and Great Comet's Lauren Zakrin to Star in Cruel Intentions Off-Broadway
The musical finds its cast, which will also include Constantine Rousouli.
Cruel Intentions: The Musical, the story of seduction and revenge at an elite Manhattan school, has found its cast Off-Broadway. The musical is set to return to (Le) Poisson Rouge in New York City next month following a sold-out, pop-up engagement at the cabaret venue earlier this year.
The cast will be made up of Lauren Zakrin (Natasha, Pierre, and the Great Comet of 1812; Rock of Ages) as Kathryn, Constantine Rousouli (Wicked, Ghost) as Sebastian, Carrie St. Louis (Wicked, Rock of Ages) as Annette, Jessie Shelton (Hadestown) as Cecile, Alex Boniello (Spring Awakening) as Blaine, Brian Muller (The Good Wife) as Greg, and Matthew Griffin (The New Yorkers at Encores!) as Ronald.
Read: CRUEL INTENTIONS MUSICAL WILL RETURN OFF-BROADWAY
The casting of Mrs. Caldwell will be announced at a later date.
The musical will begin performances November 17 ahead of a December 11 opening; it is scheduled to play through January 29, 2018.
Adapted from Roger Kumble's 1999 thriller of the same name, Cruel Intentions is created by Jordan Ross, Lindsey Rosin, and Roger Kumble, and features '90s hits as well as songs from the cult film's soundtrack. The show features immersive stage direction by Rosin, choreography by Jennifer Weber, and music direction and arrangements by Zach Spound.
Cruel Intentions follows two privileged step siblings whose game of seduction and revenge unravels beyond their control. The story is based on the 1782 French novel by Pierre Choderlos de Laclos, Les Liaisons Dangereuses.
Cruel Intentions: The Musical is produced by Eva Price and Sucker Love Productions. The show debuted at The Rockwell Table & Stage in Los Angeles in 2015, where it ran for 38 sold-out performances, before transferring to L.A.'s Prospect Theatre, where it sold out again, in November 2016. The 2017 pop-up engagement at (Le) Poisson Rouge marked the show's New York premiere.
Tickets are on-sale via CruelMusical.com or can be purchased in person at the (le) Poisson Rouge box office (158 Bleecker Street).
Greenhouse gases over the tropical Atlantic are disappearing faster than expected, according to the first comprehensive measurements taken in the region.
British scientists working at the Cape Verde Observatory on the volcanic island of São Vicente believe chemicals produced by sea spray and tiny marine organisms are speeding up natural processes that destroy the gases.
Detailed measurements taken over a year revealed that levels of one greenhouse gas were substantially lower than climate models predicted.
The observatory, which was recently set up by British, German and Cape Verdean scientists, has given researchers an unprecedented ability to study climate change in one of the most remote regions in the world.
In the tropics, intense UV rays in sunlight trigger reactions that effectively scrub greenhouse gases from the air. Without this natural cleaning process, atmospheric levels of the gases and other pollutants would be substantially higher than they are.
One of the most important cleaning reactions destroys ozone, which contributes to global warming at lower altitudes. A byproduct of the reaction, called hydroxyl, cleans the air even more by breaking down methane, the third most abundant greenhouse gas in the atmosphere. The study, led by scientists at Leeds and York Universities, revealed ozone levels over the tropical Atlantic were 50% lower than expected.
Ozone is a byproduct of burning fossil fuels, and is carried down to the tropics from the UK and Europe on trade winds. As the air crosses the ocean, the harsh sunlight reduces ozone levels from around 50 parts per billion (ppb) to 10 ppb, the scientists report in the journal Nature.
To check their readings, the team used a research plane to measure ozone levels at different altitudes over the ocean. Their readings confirmed a major loss of ozone in the remote region.
"At the moment this is a good news story, more ozone and methane being destroyed than we previously thought. But the tropical Atlantic cannot be taken for granted as a permanent sink for ozone," said Alastair Lewis, who led the study at the national centre for atmospheric science in York.
"It may mean that there are sources of methane and ozone that we aren't aware of that the atmosphere has been working away on without us realising it. Or perhaps we've been overestimating how quickly ozone is removed in other parts of the world," Lewis added.
Instruments at the observatory later pointed to an explanation for the rapid destruction of ozone over the ocean. The sensors picked up bromine and iodine oxide, which are produced by sea spray and plankton, and join forces to attack ozone.
Lewis said the discovery should give renewed impetus to programmes that aim to reduce atmospheric methane and low-level ozone. "It's an incentive to get on with cutting our emissions of these gases, because if we do, the atmosphere will scrub them away quicker and we will get the benefits sooner. Carbon dioxide lasts for hundreds of years, while methane lasts only a year or two in the tropics," said Lewis.
Climate scientists will use the findings to fine-tune computer models that attempt to predict future warming. "We now have to get to grips with why this wasn't spotted earlier and ultimately put this into our models so we can improve their accuracy," said Lewis.
(Reuters) - A news conference announcing federal securities fraud charges against former hedge fund boss Martin Shkreli took an unusual turn on Thursday with a question about a $2 million copy of a Wu-Tang Clan album he bought in May.
Wu-Tang Clan performs at Virgin Festival at Pimlico Race Course in Baltimore, Maryland August 5, 2007. The two-day concert is now in its second year. REUTERS/Bill Auth
Shkreli, 32, had bragged to Bloomberg Businessweek about buying the only copy of the popular New York-based hip-hop collective's “Once Upon a Time in Shaolin,” drawing ire from music fans around the world when he said he had no plans to listen to it. He spent the $2 million to “keep it from people,” he said.
Wu-Tang Clan had produced the record as a limited-edition album, which it then put up for auction.
On Thursday, U.S. Attorney Robert Capers told reporters, “We're not aware of where he got the funds that he raised for the Wu-Tang Clan album.”
Capers' comments immediately spurred hopeful posts on social media from music lovers that the album might be forfeited by the Turing chief executive officer during his federal prosecution.
Twitter lit up with reaction to the arrest of Shkreli, who is even more reviled for boosting drug prices than he is for hiding the album. Shkreli's critics used the hashtag #Karma to voice their support for the federal prosecution and hope that the Wu-Tang clan album could be heard across the world.
“Dear US attorney: all we want for Christmas is that Wu-Tang album – everyone,” wrote Twitter user @cbk_chi.
“If the government seizes the Wu-Tang album, does it run another auction, or just release it for free as part of our cultural patrimony?” asked @Matt_Levine.
“It would be the best twist ever if the Library of Congress ended up owning the Wu Tang album,” tweeted journalist Ryan Teague Beckwith.
Responding to questions on social media about the status of the album, the Federal Bureau of Investigation tweeted later on Thursday that it had not yet seized it, or any of Shkreli's assets.
“#Breaking no seizure warrant at the arrest of Martin Shkreli today, which means we didn't seize the Wu-Tang Clan album,” the FBI's New York office tweeted.
Whether authorities plan to reclaim the album through asset forfeiture in the future was not immediately clear, but Wu-Tang has already distanced themselves from Shkreli.
“The sale of ‘Once Upon a Time in Shaolin' was agreed upon in May, well before Martin Shkreli's business practices came to light,” said group member RZA, whose fellow Wu-Tang Clan members include Ghostface Killah and Ol' Dirty Bastard. “We decided to give a significant portion of the proceeds to charity.”
But even if the album is freed for the people, some on social media have questioned if they'd listen.
“Maybe the Wu-Tang album is cursed and brings bad luck to all who listen to it?” joked @hunterwalk.
I work in Major League Baseball and I'm gay.
In two-and-a-half seasons I have been a part of many special moments. I've gotten to experience the postseason and two no-hitters. I've been a part of all the highs and lows of a baseball season. It's a grind, for sure.
I'm not a major-league player, but I am something that I consider to be the next best thing: I'm a batboy for the Washington Nationals.
You see me picking up bats, providing the umpires balls, and doing anything else a player needs during the game. My job is the best. Getting paid to watch baseball games is something I could only dream about when I was growing up in Kennesaw, Ga.
I am living the dream.
I grew up like every other kid, wanting to play professional sports. I fell in love with baseball at an early age and have been in love with it ever since. I also knew early on that I wasn't good enough to play professionally, so I trained my focus on getting into baseball through other avenues. I coached Little League teams starting when I was 13 and continued throughout high school. When I went off to Washington, D.C., for college I played for the Howard University club baseball team. From that moment, I knew I wanted to be around baseball and work for an MLB team.
Statement from the Washington Nationals organization "The Washington Nationals applaud Spenser for his courage, not only in privately coming out earlier this year to those within the organization, but in sharing his story publicly in hopes of inspiring others. As an organization, we strive to support an inclusive and diverse workplace."
But from elementary school through high school I hid the biggest secret of my life. I was afraid of the ridicule and was ashamed of who I was. I hated myself. I didn't want anything to do with me because, in my mind, I was awful. I wondered how anyone could ever love me.
I dated a girl, because that was what I was supposed to do. There were so many lonely moments in my life up to that point, but I went to a summer camp after junior year that changed my life. At GHP (Georgia Governors Honors Program), I learned that everyone is different and still awesome at the same time. I experienced what it was like to be around people who weren't ashamed to be themselves. This program gave me the courage to be myself.
Shortly afterward I came out to my best friend in a text message. Her reaction gave me the strength and courage to come out to more and more people.
After initially coming out, there was still a process. It is not a one-time thing and you're done. It's a continual process. There were days when I wondered if I made the right decision. I finally came out to everyone in my life, including my friends and family, late last year during my junior year of college.
It takes time to become comfortable with who you are, and I was no different. It was reading the stories of people I look up to, such as Billy Bean, Robbie Rogers, Jason Collins, Conner Mertens, Chandler Whitney and others, that made me realize living on the other side is okay.
I realized that you could come out and still live the same life. An even better life.
Coming out to my Nationals coworkers was a completely different experience than any of the others. At work I was tired of trying to fit into conversations about women and having nothing to say. I couldn't express myself the way I wanted. I didn't want to hide anymore. I was unsure about how "sports people" would feel about having a gay co-worker. I was worried about getting fired or ostracized, all because of who I am.
None of that happened. I told everyone individually and everyone had similar reactions. They were proud of me and congratulated me for feeling comfortable enough with myself to be myself. They told me that nothing would change - and nothing did.
I was finally able to be myself with some of my closest friends while working in the greatest sport in the world.The rest of the season went by without a problem and I was the most comfortable I have been in my life. I learned that you could be gay and work in professional sports.
My best moment on the field was working a game with Dale Scott, an openly gay umpire. His story inspired me, and seeing him do what he loved while being completely open was awesome. In that moment we were both just doing our jobs, and at the end of the day that is the ultimate goal.
I have bigger goals than being a batboy. I want to be a Major League Baseball general manager. Hopefully I'm not the first openly gay one, but if I am then I am ready for the challenge.
Coming out has been the biggest confidence boost in the world. Not having to hide who I am has allowed my best self to emerge. Being open has allowed me to have better communication with people and better relationships because of it. I am no longer afraid of being myself.
Instead of waking up everyday nervous about who will find out, I wake up with renewed confidence about who I am.
I live everyday with the motto "Be True." So far it has worked out pretty well.
You can find Spenser Clark on Facebook or follow him on Twitter @spenser_clark.
Facebook gave Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren a voice late last night when her Senate colleagues attempted to silence her on the floor.
As Democrats rally against many of Trump's cabinet nominations, an arcane rule was whipped out of Minority Leader Mitch McConnell's pocket, silencing Sen. Warren's argument against the appointment of Jeff Sessions as Attorney General.
So she took to Facebook Live to make her point, a video which has now totaled more than 6.2 million views.
In session, Sen. Warren read aloud a pair of letters written by Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.'s widow, Coretta Scott King, and late Senator Edward Kennedy. These letters were penned in 1986 when Sessions was up for a federal judgeship.
In response, Sen. McConnell invoked Rule XIX, which was originally added in 1902 in the wake of a fist-fight in the Senate. The rule states: “No Senator in debate shall, directly or indirectly, by any form of words impute to another Senator or to other Senators any conduct or motive unworthy or unbecoming a Senator.”
To be clear, Sen. Warren was merely reading words written by a civil rights icon, who was opposing Sessions' appointment to a federal judgeship in 1986.
After being shut down, Sen. Warren took matters into her own hands. She hit that Live button on Facebook and read the letter to all of Facebook. The video has now been seen more than 6.2 million times.
You can check it out here:
Even more interesting, Senator Tom Udall of New Mexico read the same letter and wasn't silenced at all, begging the question of whether or not Sen. Warren was simply silenced because of her gender.
Facebook may blur the lines between verified news and fake news and misinformation, but it also opens up a direct line of communication between citizens and public officials. Though we, as citizens, can't vote on the appointment of Jeff Sessions to Attorney General, we can directly communicate with the Senators who hold that power.
As we move further into the Trump presidency, it seems that live streams on Facebook and Periscope will continue to be used as tools for dissent in Congress.
It's been so long since I have gotten to do this, I almost feel like I am going back to my roots. Here's where I post some hate mail regarding my Puig blog and and then I annotate it in bold. Let's play.
Wow. There is such a wealth of ignorance demonstrated in this article, I don't even know where to start. If I did try, it would take me a good two weeks to completely outline everything that's wrong here. You speak as a band wagon fan who has never experienced baseball from a player's perspective, nor has any understanding of baseball history or tradition.
Puig is an amazing talent… who is extremely raw, and extremely immature. He's young, and he'll learn, but the criticism coming from current and former players is not unfounded and certainly not out of jealousy… or racism (and wow… I can't believe you even suggested that)… but rather out of a great respect for their sport, their peers, and their predecessors, and a strong desire to see a raw talent like Puig learn to show similar respect.
Wow. There is such a wealth of ignorance demonstrated in this article, I don't even know where to start. (But you are going to be anyway…) If I did try, (oh, god, you are going to aren't you) it would take me a good two weeks (how can you be sure the weeks would be good) to completely outline everything that's wrong here (okay so two weeks for the outline, how long for the actual response, shouldn't take long now that you have the outline). You speak as a band wagon fan (20 year fan, 10 year season ticket holder, you missed that part, but in fairness you did say it would take you two weeks to analyze my post. How long does it take you to wipe?) who has never experienced baseball from a player's perspective (I played through high school in California), nor has any understanding of baseball history or tradition (should I watch that Ken Burns documentary for the tenth time before I respond to your rarified opinion?).
Puig is an amazing talent… who is extremely raw, and extremely immature (I think you need to wrangle your language. Extreme immaturity sounds more like wiping your ass on someone's drapes). He's young, and he'll learn, but the criticism coming from current and former players is not unfounded and certainly not out of jealousy (yeah, why would the rest of the league be jealous of a rookie who gets this much attention after a month in the show, that seems far fetched… You were the guy shocked at the end of every Scooby Doo, right?)… or racism (and wow… I can't believe you even suggested that) (did you listen to the DBacks announcers? Are you aware of Arizona's policy on immigrants? It would take me two weeks to outline… no, it wouldn't)… but rather out of a great respect for their sport (yes, my little league coaches taught me to throw at a players face and then bitch about a while our team was getting swept. It's called being a sore sport. Check Kirk Gibson's quotes on the matter. He likes what he sees. So does Mattingly, both more celebrated than Papelbon, Kennedy, Montero, Gonzo or anyone else chirps), their peers, and their predecessors, and a strong desire to see a raw talent like Puig learn to show similar respect. (Based on the reaction to Puig, the Dodgers ascent up the standings, I think you will need the rest of your two weeks to explain how jealousy sounds less accurate than “a strong desire to see a raw talent like Puig learn to show similar respect. When I hear Montero talk, it's not actually constructive. It's a warning, but he's already been hit in the face by the DBacks, so, I guess he can rest easy.).
Look up Montero and Trevor Bauer. Hell, look up Montero's history in general. Look up the reports showing the Gonzo incident was basically a media fabrication. Puig isn't good at all with the media, but the rest of baseball is breaking this “baseball code” you cite but do not understand. He's been in a brawl, he's been thrown at, he's constantly critiqued… Still hitting near .400. The league tries to regulate, but if his production is good, the league has to eat it. Or at least treat him like Bryce Harper who is gets celebrated for “that's a clown question, bro”, which is textbook PR perfection. Please.
Watch Torii Hunter's response to the exchange of throwing at players in the Tigers/White Sox game yesterday. The “code” is if you throw at someone, you get thrown at. Puig has been thrown at, he didn't back off. If they want to throw at him again, by all means, but then who's the bastian of respect and tradition. What exactly has been Puig's reaction to Kennedy? Kennedy hit him in the face and and then talked shit about him.
Shit, that probably makes your 2 week assignment more like 3 or 4. Tell you what, I'll take two weeks to outline what you should outline, and then you can delight my readers with a five-paragraph essay on your blog, which to my knowledge does not exist. We're stoked.
_________
Homeboy came back. Here's another…
It'd be a waste of my time. Frankly, I don't care if you believe me or not… if you want to verify my point of view, go research it yourself. Do your own thinking. I have no time to argue some guy's blog post point by point, hence the reason I said it'd take me “two weeks” (intending to convey, too long to bother). Someone forwarded this article to me, I read it, and decided to briefly respond as I found it to be short sighted and poorly presented. That's all I have to say. Disagree if you please. I couldn't care less.
It'd be a waste of my time. (But coming back hours later and writing another paragraph isn't a waste of your time? Can your time even be wasted?) Frankly, I don't care if you believe me or not… (He doth protest too much. When I don't care, I don't comment) if you want to verify my point of view, go research it yourself. (I know you don't know what you are talking about, no research necessary) Do your own thinking. (I did. I wrote a post on my blog that you are reading and now commenting a second time in one day on.) I have no time to argue some guy's blog post point by point (yet, here you are…again), hence the reason I said it'd take me “two weeks” (intending to convey, too long to bother) (Why is it when someone is losing a verbal altercation they start to try using fancy words like “hence” or telling me what you “intended to convey”). Someone forwarded this article to me, I read it, and decided to briefly respond as I found it to be short sighted and poorly presented. (Thank you for your unsolicited opinion that you've now given twice in one day, which you clearly do not have time for.) That's all I have to say. (Oh, I doubt it. You'll be back. They always come back. That's why I still have this blog) Disagree if you please. I couldn't care less. (If you do care less late, tell me about it in your next comment, probably after you scroll up and discover that I've written a whole post about how much time you don't have to keep coming here.)
HAPPY FRIDAY.
Happy Back to the Future Day! To celebrate we're going back to the old-school hand-drawn and optical effects work that ILM created for the film. In the days before digital compositing and modern CGI, effects animation was done by meticulous hand drawn frame-by-frame drawings which were then optically printed with the live action plates. On the Back to the Future trilogy, ILM animator and supervisor Wes Takahashi pioneered effects for the Clock Tower lightning bolt and Dolorean time slice sequences. We asked him about his memories of that work.
fxg: For the first film, what were the initial ideas and elements behind the time slice effect - what kind of iterations did you work through?
Takahashi: Phil Norwood, the ILM Art Director assigned to this show, and I spent weeks trying to come up with concepts that would envision what the two Bob's wanted for the film's Time Slice effect. The only marching orders we were given were that it must be something we've never seen before and the quote from Zemeckis, “I want it to be violent, like a Neanderthal sitting on the hood of the Delorean and chipping away the fabric of time in front of him - or something to that effect.”
We worked out many versions. One that I particularly liked was Phil's Cubist car effect where portions of the car would pop in and out like some distorted cubist abstract painting as it reached 88mph. I t didn't wash with Zemeckis though.
I just busied myself with a whole assortment of effects from glowing lights to flashes and comets and contrails. In the end Bob wanted to use all of my animated effects in a cacophony of FX insanity.
fxg: Can you talk about the different elements that you ended up drawing and animating for the time slice effect for both going into and out of time? What details should people look for say on a Blu-Ray or HD version that they may not have noticed before?
Takahashi: The original Delorean had all these mods built on and there was some tubing affixed to the exterior that I thought would look cool if I turned them into glowing blue neon. This entailed hand roto-ing each frame of the tubing and giving the Optical Department timings as to when to DX (double expose) some light onto those elements. Again, we used hot inner core passes and a diffused outer core for a glow.
From these blue glowing tubes animated white flashes would pop and animated comets would be emitted form each flash event.
These comets would be directed towards the front of the car and bounce off of an invisible barrier which caused the fabric of time to open up bit by bit exposing a violent time slice that got closer and closer to the car as it reached 88mph until finally the car would enter the time slice in a moment of singularity initiating an explosion implosion effect engulfing the car and making it disappear.
So all of these separate effects with the exception of the explosion implosion (which was a practical explosion that was printed on top of everything that was then printed running in reverse with some drop frames), were hand animated in pencil, air brush or inked artwork and then composited into the final effect.
- Glowing tubes
- Flashing pops
- Animated comets
- Animated contrails
- Animated sparks as the comets would bounce off of the fabric of time and space
- Time Slice opening up with bits tearing off
fxg: What materials did you work with to draw and animate? What was your animation setup at ILM day-to-day?
Takahashi: Back in the days of the original BTTF the Animation Department consisted of Charlie Mullen Animation Supervisor, Bruce Walters Asst. Supervisor both of whom operated our motion controlled down-shooter animation cameras, Peggy Regan and myself as Animators, we were responsible for hand drawn animation and shooting the elements we came up with. We had multiple productions we were working on at the time at ILM, so I was primarily assigned BTTF. Working closely with Phil Norwood the Art Director assigned to this project who is an accomplished animator as well was always a creative collaborative effort.
Revisit fxguide's vfxshow on Back to the Future with Mike Seymour, Mark Christensen and Todd Vaziri
ILM was a great sandbox in that era. We were allowed to experiment in any medium we chose, be it pencil on paper, ink and paint on cel acetates, creating light rigs on motion controlled rigs, using airbrush, dry brush, pastels and paints, we were free to take our own approaches.
fxg: What was the technical process in terms of turning your hand drawn work into final optical composites?
Takahashi: All of my animation for the sake of efficiency was eventually black ink, airbrush or pastels on white paper and shot as black and white printing elements for the Optical Department to add to the final composite. I worked closely with the Optical Department to determine the right exposures, diffusions and color applications.
fxg: You were originally asked to achieve the ‘largest lightning bolt in cinematic history' for the Clock Tower sequence which meant the lightning would have been on screen for a long time - what issues would that have raised?
Takahashi: The original approach was an attempt to have this bolt of lightning creep up from far off in the distance towards camera and strike the clock tower. The clock tower wasn't really shot with that composition in mind, there just wasn't enough headroom in the sky so the bolt's trajectory always came off as flat as it moved in z axis and didn't allow for a lot of downward anticipation for the strike.
Plus, bolts of lighting are ephemeral events. Having one bolt on for a number of seconds runs the risk of it ending up looking like a white hair caught in the projector gate.
fxg: What did you ultimately animate for the wide shot of the Clock Tower? What different parts made up the main lightning bolts and extra pieces of electricity?
Takahashi: I animated numerous takes of lightning hitting the tower. Bob Zemeckis while running one version on a Moviola stopped on one frame from that version that had a characteristic S shaped bolt. He said THAT'S what I want it to look like.
I mocked up a color illustration which he bought off on and I went to work animating it. It had a lot of uncharacteristic curves for lightning which I wasn't used to.
fxg: Can you talk about the animation techniques and tools you used to draw the lightning at the time? Was there any way you could ‘test' the final look during production to see if it was working?
Takahashi: Animating the lightning was as easy as hand drawn black ink lines on white paper. In the animation department we could flip the polarity of our video animation test system, record each illustrated lightning bolt for one frame and immediately play back the series of frames in real time.
We would have to include a lined tracing on clear acetate of the background plate to give us a bearing for our animation tests, a cheap and dirty way to comp the lightning with the BG reference.
My work on the lightning “look” was always a close collaboration with the Optical Department when John Ellis was running the show. I would shoot hi-con black and white negative of black ink on white paper artwork that he could use as matte burn-in elements in his printers. Burn-in elements just exposed the background plates to a lot of light through whatever clear portions were on the black and white film.
The final process included the thick central bolts as one burn-in element. The thin tributary bolts as another burn-in element both printed with no diffusion. And, then another pass for both elements was added with a lot of diffusion to give the bolts their halation. We used to refer to these printer passes as the inner and outer core of each bolt of lightning. The thick and thin lines had to be printed as separate elements to be able to control the exposure correctly for both the hot inner cores and the diffused outer cores.
fxg: There's a closer in shot of Doc Brown as the lightning runs through his hands holding the cable - how did you approach this look, especially in matching any interactive lighting on set?
Takahashi: Animating to the timing of the camera moves was the crucial element to those shots success. Ken Ralston and Scott Farrar's work on set during production was what made it so easy. One needed to hit the marks in animation for the practical interactive light, but given the amount of control per frame hand animation offers that wasn't a difficult feat. I lucked out with the design of the electricity running through the cables as it was pretty much a first take final with Bob.
fxg: Then for the second and third films, can you talk about how you drew upon what you had done before to do the effects animation here?
Takahashi: BBTF 2 and BTTF 3 provided a lot of job security for me at ILM. I felt like I was a new aged Freemason who held the secret formulas to the Delorean time travel sequence of effects. John Bell who was the ILM Art Director assigned to BTTF 2 and BTTF 3 was a major force in the design of the look for the whole production at that time. He certainly put his stamp on the Hill Valley future, designing costumes, hoverboards, vehicles, props and environments. I just applied the same bag of tricks to the Delorean for each time travel sequence maybe adding a lot more sparks being emitted during the beat up, broken down version of the car back in the Wild West. John Bell gave me a good color illustration reference for train's effects as it went in to time travel to work from. And there were always more lightning and electricity effects. The future is now upon us. I just saw a workable individual flying device that a person can stand on that can travel over land and water based on flying drone technology.
A 30th anniversary edition of the Back to the Future trilogy is now available.
ADVERTISEMENT
Wilfred, FX's new comedy series starring Elijah Wood, debuted Thursday night — and it's a far cry from Frodo's Middle Earth quest. Wood stars as Ryan, a gloomy lawyer who, after a failed suicide attempt, starts hanging out with his neighbor's dog, Wilfred. But there's a twist. While everyone else sees Wilfred as an actual canine, Ryan (perhaps as a side-effect of his depression) sees a walking, talking man dressed in a cheap dog suit. As Ryan struggles with confusion, Wilfred starts serving as his life coach, "a potty-mouthed, bitter" Oprah." Absurd as it sounds, the "brilliant, twisted" comedy is getting near-universal rave reviews. Can a show this weird possibly be that good? (Watch a clip from the show.)
It's "surreal"... in a good way: Wilfred is "strange, twisted," and, yes, "hilarious," says Alan Sepinwall at HitFix. There's an unlikely cleverness in the way actor Jason Gann portrays Wilfred as a man and dog "in equal measure," eloquently expressing a real canine's "fears and fixations." And Wood's "wide, ridiculously blue eyes" are put to good use conveying horror, confusion, and disbelief at the whole bizarre situation.
"Review: FX's Wilfred a surreal, clever buddy comedy"
"A man in a dog suit is never not funny": The hilarity lies in the show's conceit, says Tim Goodman at The Hollywood Reporter. While it's true this seemingly silly show if fortified by some "philosophical, existential, and surprisingly intimate moments," the real reason to watch is the "absurdist situations." There's just something uproariously delightful about watching a man in a dog suit chase a motorcycle. "The visual jokes alone are worth watching the series."
"Wilfred comes out of gate crazy great"
Actually, the concept wears out quickly: When a show depends so heavily on giving a voice to a dog's inner thoughts, says David Hinckley at the New York Daily News, what you get is "crude-guy humor, heavy on sex and body functions." Too often the rampant crudeness "makes you wince." The verdict? "Wilfred will probably not become your must-see TV."
"Wilfred review: Bizarre boy-meets-dog sitcom relies too much on crude, sexual humor"
Make the hats stop.
Former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani, perhaps still needing to cover up his head bump, appeared at his buddy Donald Trump's immigration speech Wednesday night sporting some new and not-quite-grammatically-correct campaign swag.
Atop his head sat a white cap bearing a slogan never before seen on Trump's Mexico-maligning campaign: “Make Mexico Great Again Also.”
Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions, another Trump lover, also embarrassed himself with the cap Wednesday night.
Naked Donald Trump statue will be auctioned to benefit immigrants
Raising the pressing question: Why? Why? Why?
The Trump campaign did not immediately answer questions from the Daily News about the hat. Nor did Cali-Fame, the California-based company that makes Trump's notorious “Make America Great Again” caps.
If Cali-Fame is behind the new hat, though, that likely means Latinos made it.
The Los Angeles Times reported last year that the floor of Cali-Fame's Los Angeles factory is staffed almost entirely by Latino workers — many of them verified immigrants.
“When we first got the order, I said to myself, ‘Just wait until he sees who's making his hats,'” Yolanda Melendrez, a Mexican immigrant who works at the warehouse, told the Times.
Donald Trump delivering his speech on immigration in Phoenix Wednesday night. Image by: Evan Vucci/AP
“We're Latinos, we're Mexicans, Salvadoreños.”
The company has so far profited handsomely from Trump's swag — the latest FEC filings show the campaign paid Cali-Fame more than $350,000 for caps in July alone.
It is unclear if Cali-Fame is also behind the Mexico hats, which are identical to the “Make America Great Again” headgear. Some of Trump's other campaign merchandise is made in China, a practice Trump said he has “never been happy about” but has still not changed.
As for the new hat's ungrammatical slogan, that reportedly came straight from Trump's brain.
The hats are, for now, apparently available only for Giuliani's bumped head, because the Trump campaign store does not have them for sale.
That thwarts any plans one may have for putting the hat in a gift basket with a “Latinos Voten Por Trump” button and a “#BUILDTHEWALL” T-shirt.
Hillary Clinton's campaign, meanwhile, is hawking a red cap bearing another slogan that tumbled out of Trump's head: “I have a very good brain.”
Early Sunday morning, FBI investigators confirmed the death of 13-year-old Shavon Randle, the Lancaster girl at the center of a recent Amber Alert. (Published Sunday, July 2, 2017)
Body of 13-Year-Old Girl at Center of Amber Alert Found in Dallas
The Dallas County Medical Examiner's Office says Shavon Randle, the 13-year-old Lancaster girl whose body was found early Sunday following an Amber Alert, died from gunshot wounds.
In a report released Friday, the medical examiner says Randle's manner of death was homicide.
Crews Still Examining House Where Girl's Body Found
Crews from numerous agencies are still at a home where a missing Lancaster girl's body was found Sunday morning. (Published Sunday, July 2, 2017)
Randle was reported missing Wednesday, June 28, from a home in the 1300 block of Southridge Drive.
Police issued an Amber Alert that day, indicating she may be in grave or immediate danger.
Police said she was taken from her home by an unknown man who they said later called a member of the girl's family.
"They confirmed that they knew who the victim was and they said, 'Well, we have her,'" Lancaster Police Department Det. Joseph Brickett said. "Then they called back later on the victim's cell phone and said, 'If you call law enforcement, then we'll harm her.'"
Brickett said investigators were able to trace Randle's cell phone location for a while before it was turned off.
Early Sunday, police were led to an abandoned home in the 2200 block of Kiest Boulevard just before 3 a.m. after receiving tips.
In addition to Randle's body, police also found the body of 19-year-old Michael Titus, who was initially named as a person of interest in the girl's disappearance.
Titus's death has also been ruled a homicide from a gunshot wound, officials said this week.
Five people are in custody facing a variety of charges related to Randle's disappearance, but as of Friday afternoon none is charged in the deaths of Randle or Titus.
A growing memorial of flowers, balloons and teddy bears has been set up outside the home where their bodies were discovered.
The Rock has been back with the WWE on a semi-full-time basis for two weeks and there is no question that he has already become a massive part of the product. He and WWE Champion CM Punk have had two encounters ahead of their match at the Royal Rumble, and The Rock's promo style has been extremely effective thus far.
There are certainly differing opinions when it comes to The Rock's performance on the mic over the past couple weeks, but it's important to look at the big picture. Punk fans largely believe that the WWE Champion beat The Rock soundly on the stick last week and generally seem to find The Rock's style to be juvenile, but that's a very small piece of the pie.
The vast majority of wrestling fans love The Rock, and that is the population that he's catering to. The Rock realizes that he can't please everyone, but run-of-the-mill fans enjoy his act. While phrases like "Cookie Puss" infuriate a few, most of the fans in the building went crazy and starting chanting it. The Rock simply knows how to appeal to a crowd.
At the same time, The Rock has gotten serious when needed, so it isn't as if he has been one-dimensional by any means. After cracking jokes at Punk's expense last week, he didn't hesitate to get in his face and ultimately deliver a Rock Bottom. It was a great mix from The Rock, and he certainly did what he had to do.
That carried over to this week on the 20th anniversary edition of Raw. Rather than blasting Punk during his Rock Concert, The Rock focused his attention on Paul Heyman and Vickie Guerrero. The Rock then called out Punk and said very matter-of-factly that nobody had beaten him for the title in 421 days, but he would be the one to do it at the Royal Rumble.
This led to a skirmish between Rock and Punk with referees and backstage personnel breaking it up to close the show. The feud has had a great mix of comedy and seriousness, and that's a testament to the way The Rock has handled himself in promos. As much as I like Punk, he has been the one speaking in one tone while The Rock has been multi-faceted.
The Rock's detractors like to call him sophomoric and predictable on the mic, and while they're entitled to their opinion, The Rock is doing what he has to do. I'm sure that The Rock and Punk could have some great, intense, serious promos between now and the Royal Rumble, but the problem is that most fans want more than that out of The Rock.
He has always been sarcastic and funny, so it wouldn't make much sense for him to abandon that now. The Rock isn't going to pretend like he's something that he isn't in order to cater to Punk's promo style. People have a certain expectation when it comes to what The Rock is going to deliver on the mic, and he has lived up to it, but he hasn't hesitated to get in Punk's face either.
Truth be told, if the shoe was on the other foot and Punk was playing the face role, there's no doubt that he would be catering to the fans and cracking jokes at The Rock's expense as well. Punk was serious at times when he was a face, but he was constantly looking for a joke pop from the fans too, so it isn't as if Punk is above The Rock's promo style.
There is always going to be bias in professional wrestling, but an overhead perspective of the Punk vs. The Rock feud shows that both men have played their respective roles perfectly to this point. The elitist view against The Rock's promo style is disappointing because the fact of the matter is that the people who love it far outweigh the people who hate it.
The Rock is worried about the millions and millions who enjoy him more than he is the thousands who bash him. The Rock has to firmly establish himself as the fan favorite in this feud in order to ensure that it's better than the convoluted Rock vs. John Cena feud was, and I have no doubt that it ultimately will be.
Follow @MikeChiari on Twitter and listen to him on Ring Rust Radio.
No Man's Sky vividly realizes the meaningless emptiness of space Tom Chick, September 1, 2016 | Game reviews
Elite was amazing back in the day. I mean the original wireframe one. The one out now is pretty good, too, I guess. But it hasn't been back in the day for, oh, I don't know, at least ten years? Maybe twenty? Vast, open, and mostly empty universes aren't so amazing anymore. Open universes need stuff in them. They need content. They need gameplay. They need interlocking gameplay systems. They probably need to compress time and distance with some hoo-ha about hyperlight warp subspace drives. They also probably need trading, combat, faction rep, upgrades, and a story. And, these days, a game can't very well be a game without crafting.
After the jump, hey, it's No Man's Sky!
I intentionally didn't pay attention to Sony's year of No Man's Sky hype, so I can't be disappointed by things like the lack of multiplayer, graphics uglier than the ones in the trailer, or falling short of Stephen Colbert's fawning praise. Instead, I have to be disappointed by No Man's Sky on its own terms. It wastes no time getting me there.
The first three planets are interesting. Weird plants. Weird animals. A weird color palette. Weird resources. The next three are, uh, less interesting. The newer weird things are functionally and even aesthetically identical to the other weird things. The universe seems to have an art style and it's more entropy than intelligent design. A collage of mismatched colors implies alien worlds. Pink vomited into purple. Blue washed up here. Brown stains over there. Leaning red elsewhere. The same caves and crystals and a pine tree on this planet, a cactus on that. If a No Man's Sky planet got dressed in the morning, I'd ask, “You're wearing that?” It has a plaid sports coat over a striped dress shirt. For some reason it put on an ascot. Its belt doesn't match its shoes. The shoes aren't even a pair. It's wearing a sombrero. It grins foolishly, pleased at its choices. “Duparhampiaca,” it announces by way of introduction.
Everything is named some nonsense assemblage of letters, as if someone was transcribing Jabberwocky without having his fingers lined up on the home row keys. Best case scenario, you'll find something that accidentally sounds like the name of Swedish furniture, but with a typo.
Planets seven through nine are heartbreaking. Within ten planets, you'll realize you've seen all you're going to see. You aren't going to find any gas giants, high-G worlds, cities, clusters of population larger than three, ecologies, deserts, ocean planets, rivers, volcanoes, or mountain ranges. You'll quickly realize an overwhelming and safe sameness to this universe, where everything is mild and accessible and snugly nestled into a goldilocks zone of elevations dicated by the reach of your jump jets. No Man's Sky wouldn't want you to fall into a hole that you can't get out of.
And not just physical holes. Every planet has every resource you need, just to make sure there's no obstacle in your way beyond the time it takes to shoot the necessary rocks. There's no sense of looking for a red star because metal will be more plentiful in that system. There's no sense of caring about one planet over another. There's no sense of environmental hazards mattering. Some planets are hot, some are cold, none require anything beyond a little busywork to charge your cooler or heater. The only thing that matters is how much inventory space you have for when you shoot rocks and they fly into your backpack.
One of the earliest discoveries in No Man's Sky is that you're playing a game about inventory management, made by developers whose familiarity with inventory management seems to have stopped somewhere around the first Diablo. 20 years ago, in case you're wondering. You have to constantly dump resources to make room for other resources. You're constantly cut off from the information you need about whether you should dump those resources. There's not an MMO alive that would dream of saddling its player with these tasks using this interface. Yet here is No Man's Sky, supposedly shepherded along its development by people at Sony who should know what they're doing, forcing me to play as if I was someone in Fallout who had put a single point into strength. I'm shuffling through screens, I'm counting, I'm deciding what to throw away, I'm wondering whether I dare equip an upgrade because upgrades always take up inventory slots. The better you are, the less you can carry.
It says everything you need to know about No Man's Sky that the most momentous discovery in this universe isn't a wrecked spaceship, an undiscovered planet, or even a myterious alien temple. The most momentous discovery in this universe is an extra inventory slot for your space suit. Cue Also sprach Zarathustra.
There's barely any sense of which planets you've explored and which you haven't, because No Man's Sky thinks of exploration as following a designated path through a million pointless systems. You want to go back and finish finding all the landmarks, plants, and animals on that planet you visited a few warps ago, the one that wasn't quite as ugly as the others? It never occurs to No Man's Sky you would want to do that. It never occurs to No Man's Sky that you would want to do anything other than move forward at a steady clip towards one one of two disappointing objectives. It has as much a sense of exploration as an Out Run arcade game.
Exploration is only as meaningful as what you can find. If I explore the attic of my parents' house, I can find my junior high yearbook. If I explore an unknown planet, I can find a fantastic new life form. That's why there are more games about exploring universes than games about exploring attics. But if I explore No Man's Sky, a game about exploring a universe, I can find the exact same thing I found ten minutes ago, and ten minutes before that, and ten minutes before that, and each of the ten minutes before that for the entire playing time. Exploration isn't about exploration. It's about discovery. No Man's Sky doesn't understand this at all.
Remember Spore? This is that. 100% that, but with better space flying and some nifty artwork for the different ships (in terms of hardware, the space porn in No Man's Sky is pretty decent). But No Man's Sky seems to think we live in a world where Spore didn't serve as a cautionary tale about the limitations of procedurely generated universes without gameplay. Procedural generation is not an end. It is a means to an end. But there is no such end in No Man's Sky. It's endless randomness for the sake of endless randomness. It does what it does because it can, not because it should. I would describe it as procedural generation in search of a game, but it's worse than that. It has found its game. And the game is hollow and awful.
(If you want to support reviews like this, please consider supporting my Patreon campaign.)
The Delhi High Court today stayed the Aam Aadmi Party cabinet's decision to provide 50 per cent waiver to power bill defaulters who did not pay for electricity between October 2012 and April 2013.The decision was announced by Arvind Kejriwal-led AAP on February 12, two days before he and his cabinet resigned after the BJP and the Congress foiled their plans to introduce the anti-graft Jan Lokpal Bill in the Delhi Assembly.While making the announcement, AAP had said it would supply six crores to cover the massive discount.The High Court's decision today came in response to a Public Interest Litigation or PIL that challenged the subsidy given by the then AAP government and also alleged that the decision discriminated against those who paid their bills on time.In an earlier hearing on February 19, the court had directed the standing counsel for the Delhi government to seek instructions and file an affidavit indicating the actual position regarding the proposal. It had added that there was "no clarity" on whether the Delhi cabinet had taken a decision to implement the subsidy as claimed by the petitioner.While announcing the waiver, senior AAP leader Manish Sisodia had said that Delhi residents who supported the party's campaign against allegedly inflated power prices would be given 50% subsidy and would be charged no penalty.In October 2012, AAP had urged residents of Delhi to state in writing that they would not pay their water and power bills to protest against over-priced utilities. 10 lakh people signed the petition; 24,000 defaulted on their bills.Within days of taking office, Mr Kejriwal halved the prices of power. He has targeted two power-distribution companies, both backed by Anil Ambani's Reliance Infra Group, demanding that their licenses be cancelled. The firms have said a cash crunch has left them unable to purchase power from state-run electricity producers.
The dark-green fruit bowl, intricately shaped like a leaf, stood proudly on our kitchen table. A friend brought it back from Venice in 2012, and it was one of my favourite pieces of china.
But that didn't stop me picking it up and hurling it across the room.
Gripped by an uncontrollable rage, I watched as it soared past my husband's head, missing him by inches. How it didn't break I'll never know. Almost immediately I felt an overwhelming sense of shame and fear.
Scroll down for video
Rachel Rounds found herself hurling her favourite piece of china at her husband in a fit of rage, and it seems she's not the only unable to control their intense feelings of anger
How had I let my anger erupt like this? The kitchen floor was a mess of fruit. The dog hid in her basket, terrified. And my husband gave me a look of such weariness, I instanty regretted it.
Then he turned and left the room without another word. It was such a banal argument too — a row over whose turn it was to pay the childminder. Yet I had turned it into a full-blown attack, the kind of incident that ruins trust and ends relationships.
A former RAF officer and veteran of two wars, my husband might justifiably have rung the police that night, and joined the 2.3 per cent of married men who last year reported domestic abuse, according to the British Crime Survey.
That he didn't say much about the strength of our relationship and how well he understood me. In our 14 years together, he has seen me fly off the handle on the odd occasion, but we both knew that this — this irrational, violent anger — was a new development. We both knew that I had a problem.
Rachel (pictured) says that anger in women is far more unexpected because she is a woman, saying that although it is more prevalent than many of us realise, it's rarely seen
I'm not alone — and nor are the husbands the only ones paying the price. A startling 87 per cent of working mothers, for example, say that stress causes them to shout at their children, according to the British Association of Anger Management. And since 25 per cent report suffering stress on at least eight occasions each week, that's an awful lot of yelling at home.
It's not much better at work. A quarter of us, we're told, suffer serious office-rage, and regularly kick furniture, flip keyboards or slam down phone receivers in fury.
Women react particularly badly to sleep deprivation, a recent American study found, and are angrier than men who get the same amounts of rest.
A former RAF officer and veteran of two wars, my husband might justifiably have rung the police that night, and joined the 2.3 per cent of married men who last year reported domestic abuse, according to the British Crime Survey. Rachel Rounds
Other researchers suggest that women who turn anger inwards are more likely to become depressed, and that a rise in anger partly explains the increased rates of depression among women. But why? Why are we all so cross?
Recently my friend Abigail was cycling to work when a woman in a Mini shot past her at a set of lights. Abi was hit on the elbow — not badly, but enough to fray her nerves.
At the next set of lights she confronted the driver. And something seemed to snap. The red mist came down with such speed, she not only yelled at the woman but slapped her in the face. A full-on smack.
The whole incident was witnessed by a policeman a couple of vehicles behind them.
He put Abigail in the back of his van and told her to calm down while he talked to the other woman, who rather generously decided not to press charges.
Afterwards, like me, Abi was horribly shocked at herself. We are not nasty people. We do not get into shouting matches, still less physical fights, with strangers — or loved ones. Abi is kind and intelligent and fun. I'd never have believed her capable of hitting another person.
And her action was all the more shocking, of course, because she is a woman. Despite its prevalence, women's anger is still rarely seen.
Society gives permission for men to be angry, in the proper places. Men watch sports on TV and curse and froth with anger. But women have no obvious outlet for it.
Rachel, pictured here on her wedding day, found herself succumbing to her anger more and more often, to the point where she lost her temper explosively in response to minor issues
Part of the problem lies in the ridiculously high expectations we set for ourselves: the perfect house, the beautiful body, the clever children, the top-notch career.
But no one can achieve all of this, all of the time, and so we constantly find ourselves filled with frustration and guilt.
But instead of sitting down and giving ourselves a break, we merely pack this frustration away, put a lid on it and let it simmer. We dare not admit to ourselves that we can't cope with caring for our children, doing almost all the housework — as we still must, it seems — and holding down a full-time job at the same time. The disappointment and dissatisfaction builds and builds. Until it spills over.
Last year, that was happening more and more often to me. At times when I got behind the wheel, I felt on-edge. I once got into a spat with a man in the car behind me who objected — with expletives and insults — when I stopped to let someone else into our queue of traffic. On that occasion I got out and yelled at him, calling him selfish and inconsiderate; telling him that I would simply leave my car in the middle of the road and walk off, and see how far he'd get then.
I was late and I was stressed, and under those circumstances, when things don't go right for us, or someone questions our judgment, we throw a tantrum. Rachel Rounds
I was so blinded by my anger, I didn't even see how shocked my 16-year-old passenger was. She was the daughter of a friend and we were on our way home from church.
Then there was the time I had a stand-up fight with a woman whose drive I parked across. It was the pettiest row I've ever had, yet somehow it evolved into much more than that.
I was picking up my son from his childminder next door to her, and running late, so I parked where I could, partially blocking her drive. Not for long, of course — I was dashing in and out. But as I came out again to put my son in his car seat, the woman opened her door and started to shout at me.
Far from being apologetic, I lost it. I started yelling back at the top of my voice. She was a silly, narrow-minded woman who was making a fuss out of nothing. I had only been a matter of minutes. She should find something more important to worry about, and so on.
And all this time I was holding my two-year-old son.
As I put him in the car, she told me I was the rudest human being she'd ever met. My considered response? I stuck my fingers in my ears and started singing loudly and shrilly: ‘La da de da, I'm not listening to you, you pathetic old bag.' I am 43 years old, by the way.
But again this was typical. I was late and I was stressed, and under those circumstances, when things don't go right for us, or someone questions our judgment, we throw a tantrum.
The modern world leads us to expect that life will always run smoothly — our cafe latte will always be perfect, our satnav will tell us the quickest way to go, that pretty new dress will come within hours of our online order. And when it doesn't — like toddlers, we kick our legs in the air and scream.
Rachel (pictured) became so troubled by her outbursts of anger she decided it was time to seek help. Her therapist has helped her to deal with her anger more reasonably and learn to step back from situations
But now I was getting angry so easily, and so quickly, and over nothing. Numerous studies show that explosive anger triggers the ‘fight or flight' response, rasing blood pressure and sugar levels and speeding up one's heart rate.
Trigger it too often, and your heart really begins to suffer.
Finally, I decided to get some help. It was the horrid thought that exposing my son to my anger that propelled me into counselling. And over months of hard work, my counsellor and I pieced together the reasons for my anger.
Some are deeply personal to me — most obviously, the death of my father when I was 13.
None of these things were fair and I couldn't understand why they happened to me. But at the time I held the anger in, and there it festered for 30 years.
But I also discovered other, far more common reasons for my rage. Like many women, I want everyone to like me, for example, and so I don't often tell them what I really think. And in the end that lack of honesty turns into self-reproach. I never say ‘no' to people, and end up resenting them for it. I want my house to be immaculate, but it rarely is. I'm tired of trying to be perfect all the time, and I am tired of doing all the ironing.
Thanks to my therapist, I've learned to express my anger in a more reasonable way. He taught me about ‘mindfulness' — a way of stepping back from the situation getting control of my anger. When I feel it coming on, I freeze (or better, sit down) and pretend I'm in the other person's shoes so I can look at things from their perspective.
Other tricks he's taught me include counting slowly down from ten and taking deep breaths in through the nose and out through the mouth (this slows the heart rate, making you much calmer).
I even swallowed my pride and sent the woman next door to my childminder a letter of apology. Since then, I have never again exploded in front of my son.
And the leaf-shaped fruit bowl still sits on the kitchen table — an emotional reminder of the progress I've made, and how much I love my precious family.
Luxury yacht service The Advantaged Yacht Charter and Sales in Miami Beach has received its first booking paid for in bitcoin.
The company officially began accepting bitcoin in October last year, but only made its first booking, paid for with the digital currency, last week.
The company has a total of 26 boats in Miami Beach which it rents out, starting from $1,200 for four hours up to $18,000 for the most extravagant packages. Each one comes complete with a captain, a stewardess and a fruit and cheese platter.
Their first bitcoin deal came about after Tony Gallippi, owner of payment processor BitPay gave the company a shout out during his opening speech at the North American Bitcoin Conference in Miami.
Jessica Londono, co-owner of The Advantaged Yacht Charter and Sales in Miami Beach, was at the conference, as was her first bitcoin client. She explained:
“[Gallippi] just literally said a small little blurb about us, then my client went on and Googled me, saw the website, saw we accept bitcoin and then called me.”
Londono was able to effortlessly process the transaction for her client's $2,500 charter using BitPay.
“It was literally the easiest transaction I've ever done,” she said. “I've co-owned the company for about nine years and this transaction took less than one minute.”
Londono sent her client an email with the contract for his charter and the BitPay address. “It's so much easier than any credit card transaction I've ever done,” she added.
Nominal charges
As well as being a much quicker process, accepting bitcoin is also cheaper for vendors, as payment processors such as BitPay require a nominal charge in comparison to credit card charges. Londono said:
“American Express charges about 3.5%, which we lose out of our profits. Bitcoin is essentially free, depending on what service you use.”
Using bitcoin also makes the booking process simpler for Londono's clients.
Londono first got into bitcoin in March 2012 through her “Apple genius husband”. Now her company, which also deals in yacht sales, is in the process of completing its first boat sale in bitcoin.
She stresses bitcoin is not simply a get-rich-quick scheme for her; it's about exposure. Going to networking events like the Miami conference has been an opportunity to meet other eager people within the bitcoin community.
“I go to networking events on a daily basis trying to promote my brand, but it was so refreshing to go somewhere where every single person was so happy to talk to you and explain what they do,” she said.
“Everyone's so excited about bitcoin that it's just a pleasure to go ahead and get more involved and have more people be part of the bitcoin community.”
She hopes more vendors in South Florida will start to accept bitcoin payments soon.
“We have so many people with foreign currency that this would be an easy way to just unify us all.”
UNITED NATIONS — The United Nations Security Council on Monday ratcheted up sanctions yet again against North Korea, but they fell significantly short of the far-reaching penalties that the Trump administration had demanded just days ago.
While the sanctions were described in Washington and other capitals as the most extensive yet, in the end they amounted to another incremental increase of pressure on the country, even after it detonated its sixth and most powerful nuclear device.
It was far from clear that the additional penalties would accomplish what the Trump administration said was its goal: To force North Korea to halt its nuclear and ballistic missile tests and reopen some kind of negotiation toward eventual nuclear disarmament.
The North has claimed that last week's detonation, in an underground site, had proven it could build a hydrogen bomb, far more powerful than ordinary atomic weapons. It is still unclear how far along the road to a hydrogen bomb the country has gone.
Landmark At The Louvre: The Pyramid Turns 20
toggle caption Sipa via AP Images
Enlarge this image toggle caption Franck Perry/AFP/Getty Images Franck Perry/AFP/Getty Images
When I.M. Pei's glass pyramid was first designed for Paris' ancient, beloved Louvre, critics called it "a gigantic gadget" and "a despotic act." Now, two decades later, the French love it — and the gleaming three-story piece of glass geometry has become a destination of its own.
Before the Louvre was a palace or a museum, it was a medieval fortress. To tamper with its appearance seemed, as some put it, "sacrilegious."
"It was very controversial," says Henri Loyrette, president and director of the Louvre. "There was a lot of debate. Many, many people were very hostile."
When you ask the visitors, 'Why are you coming to the Louvre?' they give three answers: For the Mona Lisa, for the Venus [de] Milo, and for the pyramid.
Before the pyramid went up, the Louvre courtyard wasn't much to write home about, Loyrette says. It was essentially a parking lot. Pei's pyramid cleared away the cars and gave Paris a new, sparkling glass heart.
Loyrette says that when long lines form at the museum's pyramid entrance, "We say to people: 'We have another entrance you could go through.'" But no matter — the visitors want to enter the museum through the pyramid.
"When you ask the visitors, 'Why are you coming to the Louvre?' they give three answers," Loyrette says. "For the Mona Lisa, for the Venus [de] Milo, and for the pyramid."
More than 8 million people come to the Louvre each year — which takes its toll on the entryway. Loyrette explains that the glass is cleaned once a month by alpine climbers. It's "a very special job," he says.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jean-Pierre Muller/AFP/Getty Images Jean-Pierre Muller/AFP/Getty Images
There are still naysayers out there — visitors who gripe that the shiny tip of the Louvre iceberg looks out of place among the museum's majestic old architecture.
But despite the maintenance headaches and the ongoing controversy, Loyrette thinks I.M. Pei's pyramid is a masterpiece — and one that gave his revered old museum a "today" message.
"It made the Louvre modern," he says.
This is the bi-weekly visible open thread. Post about anything you want, ask random questions, whatever. You can also talk at the SSC subreddit or the SSC Discord server. Also:
1. The New York Solstice celebration will be on December 9 this year, and has a Kickstarter campaign to raise the necessary funds. There will also be an associated East Coast LW Megameetup. Bay Area, Seattle, and other versions probably coming soon.
2. Frequent SSC commenter JRM has thrown his hat into the ring in a local district attorney campaign. He's looking for “campaign donations, quality political advice, and graphic artists”. If interested, check his website or just comment here and he'll find you.
3. Some later Dark Age comments that didn't make it into the original highlights: Watchman on population swings, Tim O'Neill disputing the whole thesis.
4. Bean's posts about naval warfare in SSC Open Threads have moved to their own blog, Naval Gazing.
Lukas Podolski believes that winning while not at their best will give Arsenal the confidence they need to gain momentum over the next few weeks.
The Gunners were trailing Anderlecht by one goal heading into the final minute but late goals from Kieran Gibbs and Podolski saw them steal the victory.
"When the ball is on my left foot I score 99 per cent of the time"
Arsenal has only won four games this season but the German says Wednesday's result will give them the belief they need to improve that statistic.
"It was a dramatic game for the fans and for us as well but at the end we have the three points," Podolski told Arsenal Player.
"If we lost today it would have been difficult. It was important that we won and went back to London with the three points.
"I hope [we can gain momentum]. We had 25 shots on target against Hull City and we drew. Today was not the best game but it's important that at the end you get the points and we have the points.
"Sometimes you have to be a little bit lucky and today was the day. When the ball is on my left foot I score 99 per cent of the time. It was a good moment for me and the fans because they support me all of the time.
"We still have three games left and nothing is certain yet. We have an important game against Anderlecht at home and if we win that then I think we can go through."
The school says that this will give doctors a glimpse at parts of the animal's body that were previously unseen. Specifically, it could help preemptively diagnose stress fractures in racehorses before they result in a "catastrophic breakdown" during a race.
There's a human application to this as well. Comparatively, children are an awful lot smaller than a pony, but getting one to not move outside of a traditional CT scan tube is pretty difficult. Putting a kid in one and expecting them to hold still is likely much harder. This tech could be used to scan little tykes too, without the need for anesthesia, in around 30 seconds.
Equimagine is already capable of gathering traditional, still 2D scans in addition to 3D imaging, moving images and X-rays at up to 16,000 FPS. But UPenn says the ultimate goal is to someday take these scans while a horse is trotting on a treadmill. To catch a glimpse of it in action, hit the source link below.
RE: Easy Hit on Ted Cruz
From:MirandaL@dnc.org To: WalkerE@dnc.org, ManriquezP@dnc.org CC: BanfillR@dnc.org Date: 2016-05-03 17:44 Subject: RE: Easy Hit on Ted Cruz
Lolz! [SigDems]<http://www.democrats.org/>Luis Miranda, Communications Director Democratic National Committee 202-863-8148 – MirandaL@dnc.org<mailto:MirandaL@dnc.org> - @MiraLuisDC<https://www.twitter.com/MiraLuisDC> Those right-wingin bitter-clingin PROUD clingers…. As Sarah Palin might say, thanks but no thanks. [SigDems]<http://www.democrats.org/>Luis Miranda, Communications Director Democratic National Committee 202-863-8148 – MirandaL@dnc.org<mailto:MirandaL@dnc.org> - @MiraLuisDC<https://www.twitter.com/MiraLuisDC> Roger. I think we met them on our tour of 101 Checking On May 3, 2016, at 3:31 PM, Walker, Eric <WalkerE@dnc.org<mailto:WalkerE@dnc.org>> wrote: Def not the chair. OAN is very right wing. I would expect that if you try to give sound on this, then they will pull a “by the way, while I've got you here, would you mind talking about Hillary's emails / Benghazi / joint fundraising committee / some other bullshit”. They don't need the DNC in order to produce this story. I would politely decline and just say that we want to keep our fingerprints off of this one. Smaller group - This sounds interesting. Who could be our talker here? Sent from my iPhone On May 3, 2016, at 3:25 PM, Banfill, Ryan <BanfillR@dnc.org<mailto:BanfillR@dnc.org>> wrote: Thanks for writing, John. I'm on the road today and I'm routing this to our communications team. Thanks for the request, Ryan Sent from my iPhone On May 3, 2016, at 3:02 PM, John Hines <John.Hines@oann.com<mailto:John.Hines@oann.com>> wrote: I received your contact information from Rep. Wasserman Schultz's press person. I am a political reporter for the cable news channel One America News. Am I working on negative story on Sen. Cruz. When he was a practicing attorney, he's defending a Chinese Tire company that had stolen trade secrets from an America tire company. As a result, the American tire company went out of business. The name of the CEO of the American company is Jordan Fischman, whom I have spoken to. The question the story raises is…is this the sort of person you want as President—someone who defended a Chinese company that had stolen trade secrets against an American one that ended up out of business as a result. Just need some kind of comment from someone at the DNC raising the issue of the morals and ethics of someone who would do something like this. The interview would be short three to five minutes, and it would need to be on camera. We are located at 101 Constitution NW, just off Capitol Hill, so we can travel quickly to any location convenient for you. Thank you! Very respectfully, —John John Hines Political Correspondent One America News—DC Bureau 101 Constitution Ave., NW Suite 120 Washington, DC, 20001 cells: (202) 368-4696 desk: (858) 270-6900 x406 “Please consider the environment before printing this email.” One America News Network offers 21 hours of live news coverage Monday through Friday. While other emerging and established cable news networks offer multiple hours of live news coverage, only OAN can claim to consistently provide 21 hours of live coverage every weekday. Third party viewership data for Q2 2015 from Rentrak, namely accumulated viewer hours, shows that OAN surpasses other news channels such as Al Jazeera America, Fusion, Fox Business News, and Bloomberg TV as measured on AT&T U-verse TV, across 65 markets. Since its debut on July 4, 2013, One America News Network has grown its distribution to over 12 million households with carriage by AT&T U-Verse TV (ch 208/1208 in HD), Verizon FiOS TV (ch 116/616 in HD), GCI Cable, Frontier Communications, CenturyLink PRISM TV (ch 208/1208 in HD), Consolidated Communications, Duncan Cable, GVTC, and numerous additional video providers. One America News Network operates production studios and news bureaus in California and Washington. For more information on One America News Network, please visit www.OANN.com<http://www.oann.com/>. Pablo Manriquez Democratic National Committee Phone: 202.572.5488 Email: pablo@dnc.org<mailto:pablo@dnc.org> web: democrats.org<http://www.democrats.org/> Twitter: @Pablo_DNC
Health is not just limited to the physical status of an individual and the mere absence of disease and infirmity doesn't really mean anything. The spectrum of health is vast and encompasses spiritual and emotional wellbeing under its umbrella. To live, think and express health, we must learn to become mindful.
Competition, comparison and self-centeredness are some of the words that describes today's "stimulus-response society". Sometimes, due to our obligations, social expectations and conditioning, we fail to live the moment, appreciate what is given and be grateful. “Living 24 hours with mindfulness and awareness is more precious than living 100 years without it.”
Learn to Accept
In any forms of relationships, it's common to develop feelings of hatred and uneasiness towards someone. Personally, I feel that having a few "real"' friends are better than having many "friends" or "acquaintances" – for one reason; I just can't stand some people. Having negative feelings towards someone seemed to just hurt me in the long run. But I soon realised that judging people was MY problem, a PERSONALITY FLAW that limited my ability to be mindful and express emotional well-being.
Actress and comedian Jan Hooks, a longtime 'Saturday Night Live' cast member, died on Oct. 9. (Photo: James Devaney, WireImage)
Comedian and actress Jan Hooks has died at 57, People magazine confirms. The former Saturday Night Live cast member passed away this morning in New York City.
Though her cause of death is unknown, TMZ says she was battling a "serious illness."
Hooks was on SNL from 1986 to 1991 with Chris Farley, Mike Myers, Phil Hartman, Dana Carvey and Dennis Miller. Fans followed her from the show to Designing Women, and Hooks was nominated for an Emmy in 1998 for her role on 3rd Rock from the Sun. In 2010 Hooks was featured on 30 Rock playing Jane Krakowski's mother, Verna.
STORY: Jan Hooks' most memorable 'SNL' sketches
In her time at SNL, Hooks famously took on impressions of Sinéad O'Connor, Kathie Lee Gifford and Hillary Clinton.
Watch this classic clip of Hooks and Carvey riffing on Regis and Kathie Lee.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1xv4H4q
One year ago everything changed for me. David Letterman was retiring. A legend was leaving. My dream job was ending. Easily the longest job I ever held (managing a fast food hot dog joint running a distant 2nd). I met my wife, Nancy Agostini, working there, Dave announced our wedding on air and shared pictures of our daughters, Jane and Abby, when they were born. The show had become our extended family. But even with 20 years under my belt, I was considered the new guy compared to some longtime staffers who had logged 30+ years with Dave.
How do you say goodbye to the people that had become family over 22 years? We drank. A lot. A few of us would gather in an office between Thursday show tapings, crack open a can of this or a bottle of that and try to ignore the fact that this would all be going away soon. As the end grew closer, the party got bigger. We laughed and reminisced, but mostly, we wondered why we hadn't done more office drinking over the years (pay attention millenials!).
The run of the Late Show ended as it began in 1993. Hordes of fans out on the street, news trucks parked on Broadway, and a parade of celebrities inside the Ed Sullivan Theater. The buildup to the end was overwhelming, but it felt good to be back in the spotlight. The last show was a blur. Bill Murray, Steve Martin, Tina Fey, Chris Rock, a Manning brother, Foo Fighters, and over 30 years of memories packed into one amazing, career-defining montage by Barbara Gaines.
Then, just like that, it was gone. A few hours after the last show, the place looked like this:
CBS gave us two days to pack up our offices and get out.
It was a rough landing. But it was a great ride and shit happens. No complaints.
One year removed from the last show and much has changed (see: Dave's beard). People have moved on to new jobs on other shows, a new family moved into our old house, and unfortunately, we lost a couple people along the way. We all still keep in touch and mini reunions pop up here and there. Turns out we never had to say goodbye, the party just moved from the office to social media.
Those people will always be family and that building will always feel like home. I learned everything from that place. Working there was challenging, but a year later I realize that it prepared me for anything. Except Dave's beard.
#ThanksDave
The Holmes and Rahe stress scale is a list of 43 stressful life events that can contribute to illness.
Development [ edit ]
In 1967, psychiatrists Thomas Holmes and Richard Rahe examined the medical records of over 5,000 medical patients as a way to determine whether stressful events might cause illnesses. Patients were asked to tally a list of 43 life events based on a relative score. A positive correlation of 0.118 was found between their life events and their illnesses.
Their results were published as the Social Readjustment Rating Scale (SRRS),[1] known more commonly as the Holmes and Rahe Stress Scale. Subsequent validation has supported the links between stress and illness.[2]
Supporting research [ edit ]
Rahe carried out a study in 1970 testing the validity of the stress scale as a predictor of illness.[3] The scale was given to 2,500 US sailors and they were asked to rate scores of 'life events' over the previous six months. Over the next six months, detailed records were kept of the sailors' health. There was a +0.118 correlation between stress scale scores and illness, which was sufficient to support the hypothesis of a link between life events and illness.[4]
In conjunction with the Cornell medical index assessing, the stress scale correlated with visits to medical dispensaries, and the H&R stress scale's scores also correlated independently with individuals dropping out of stressful underwater demolitions training due to medical problems.[4] The scale was also assessed against different populations within the United States (with African, Mexican and White American groups).[5] The scale was also tested cross-culturally, comparing Japanese[6] and Malaysian[7] groups with American populations.
Adults [ edit ]
To measure stress according to the Holmes and Rahe Stress Scale, the number of "Life Change Units" that apply to events in the past year of an individual's life are added and the final score will give a rough estimate of how stress affects health.
Life event Life change units Death of a spouse 100 Divorce 73 Marital separation 65 Imprisonment 63 Death of a close family member 63 Personal injury or illness 53 Marriage 50 Dismissal from work 47 Marital reconciliation 45 Retirement 45 Change in health of family member 44 Pregnancy 40 Sexual difficulties 39 Gain a new family member 39 Business readjustment 39 Change in financial state 38 Death of a close friend 37 Change to different line of work 36 Change in frequency of arguments 35 Major mortgage 32 Foreclosure of mortgage or loan 30 Change in responsibilities at work 29 Child leaving home 29 Trouble with in-laws 29 Outstanding personal achievement 28 Spouse starts or stops work 26 Beginning or end school 26 Change in living conditions 25 Revision of personal habits 24 Trouble with boss 23 Change in working hours or conditions 20 Change in residence 20 Change in schools 20 Change in recreation 19 Change in church activities 19 Change in social activities 18 Minor mortgage or loan 17 Change in sleeping habits 16 Change in number of family reunions 15 Change in eating habits 15 Vacation 13 Major Holiday 12 Minor violation of law 11
Score of 300+: At risk of illness.
Score of 150-299: Risk of illness is moderate (reduced by 30% from the above risk).
Score <150: Only have a slight risk of illness.
A modified scale has also been developed for non-adults. Similar to the adult scale, stress points for life events in the past year are added and compared to the rough estimate of how stress affects health.[8][9][10]
Life Event Life Change Units Death of parent 100 Unplanned pregnancy/abortion 100 Getting married 95 Divorce of parents 90 Acquiring a visible deformity 80 Fathering a child 70 Jail sentences of parent for over one year 70 Marital separation of parents 69 Death of a brother or sister 68 Change in acceptance by peers 67 Unplanned pregnancy of sister 64 Discovery of being an adopted child 63 Marriage of parent to stepparent 63 Death of a close friend 63 Having a visible congenital deformity 62 Serious illness requiring hospitalization 58 Failure of a grade in school 56 Not making an extracurricular activity 55 Hospitalization of a parent 55 Jail sentences of parent for over 30 days 53 Breaking up with boyfriend or girlfriend 53 Beginning to date 51 Suspension from school 50 Becoming involved with drugs or alcohol 50 Birth of a brother or sister 50 Increase in arguments between parents 47 Loss of job by parent 46 Outstanding personal achievement 46 Change in parent's financial status 45 Accepted at college of choice 43 Being a senior in high school 42 Hospitalization of a sibling 41 Increased absence of parent from home 38 Brother or sister leaving home 37 Addition of third adult to family 34 Becoming a full-fledged member of a church 31 Decrease in arguments between parents 27 Decrease in arguments with parents 26 Mother or father beginning work 26
Score of 300+: At risk of illness.
Score of 150-299: Risk of illness is moderate. (reduced by 30% from the above risk)
Score <150: Slight risk of illness.
See also [ edit ]
Medical:
Further reading [ edit ]
A former America's Next Top Model (ANTM) finalist was sentenced to 12 years in prison on Wednesday after pleading guilty to various criminal charges. She was also ordered to pay $58,679.58 in damages to her victims.
Renee Diane Alway, 28, pleaded guilty to to four felony burglary counts and one count each of vehicle theft and being a felon in possession of a firearm.
Alway also pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor count of identity theft for various crimes in Palm Springs in June 2013, reports News Channel 3.
SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO
In court today: Renee Diane Alway, 28, was sentenced to 12 years in prison on Wednesday after pleading guilty to various criminal charges and sported more hair than she did during her court appearance last year
Downward spiral: Renee Diane Alway pictured in 2007 (left) and in her mug shot last year (right) turned to a life of crime after the show aired and she did not win the title
Last year: Troubled America's Next Top Model finalist Renee Alway shaved her head for her 2013 court appearance after her burglary arrest
Alway was dismissed of more than a dozen other counts under a plea agreement.
Some of those counts were resisting an officer, possession of a controlled substance, and receiving stolen property.
The Desert Sun reports that Alway has been in custody since last year at the Larry D. Smith Correctional Facility on $150,000 bail.
The ANTM finalist was arrested on June 28 in 2013 for investigation of burglary, fraud, narcotics possession, committing a felony while on bail and other charges, the Palm Springs Police Department said in a statement at the time of the arrest.
Officers responding to a report of a suspicious woman walking around a neighborhood spotted a condominium with an open back door, police said.
Neighbors told officers the residents were out of the country and Alway was found hiding in the garage allegedly armed with a gun, police said.
Authorities believed an armed man also was in the condo and the SWAT team was called in for the ensuing six-hour standoff.
When Alway appeared before a judge last year she shaved her head for her court appearance in Palm Springs where she was given a drug evaluation.
Her sister told TMZ after the 2013 court appearance that her sister wanted to 'start over' and that's why she chose to shave her head.
Alway finished in the top three of Cycle 8 of 'Top Model,' which aired in 2007.
Guilty: Alway (pictured last year) will serve 12 years in prison for various burglaries and thefts in Florida
Arthrobotrys, showing adhesive nets which it uses to trap nematodes. Numbered ticks are 122 µm apart. A fungus of the genus, showing adhesive nets which it uses to trap nematodes. Numbered ticks are 122 µm apart.
Carnivorous fungi or predaceous fungi are fungi that derive some or most of their nutrients from trapping and eating microscopic or other minute animals.[1] More than 200 species have been described, belonging to the phyla Ascomycota, Mucoromycotina, and Basidiomycota. They usually live in soil and many species trap or stun nematodes (nematophagous fungus), while others attack amoebae or collembola.
Fungi that grow on the epidermis, hair, skin, nails, scales or feathers of living or dead animals are considered to be dermatophytes rather than carnivores. Similarly fungi in orifices and the digestive tract of animals is not carnivorous, and neither are internal pathogens. Neither are insect pathogens that stun and colonize insects normally labelled carnivorous if the fungal thallus is mainly in the insect as does Cordyceps, or if it clings to the insect like the Laboulbeniales.
Two basic trapping mechanisms have been observed in carnivorous fungi that are predatory on nematodes:
constricting rings (active traps)
adhesive structures (passive traps)
Sequencing of ribosomal DNA has shown that these trap types occur in separate fungus lineages,[2] an example of convergent evolution.
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
No one.
Yes, you deciphered those words correctly, simpleton news-reader: Every human in the year two thousand and twelve—beyond myself, of course—was not only unworthy of this news-paper's Person of the Year distinction but deserved my very deepest scorn and contempt. Reader, did you really harbor the thought, somewhere in your porridge-stuffed head, that your favorite photo-play actress, law-maker, or pious holy man might actually be worthy of special commendation? Your childlike naïveté amuses me almost to the point of laughter, a sensation I have not physically experienced since the sinking of the Lusitania in 1915.
Advertisement
There is no Person of the Year. How dare you even presume there might be?
The task of choosing a Person of the Year has vexed me since I first invented the honor in 1896, and each year subsequent has filled me with an ever-increasing dread. Why, I recall 1938, when the mule-brained busybodies who laughably refer to themselves as my editorial staff recommended three candidates for The Onion's Person of the Year: Franklin Delano Roosevelt, Albert Einstein, and Jesse Owens. Understandably enraged at the prospect of choosing between a meddling, blue-blood cripple, a proof-scribbling Kraut, and a grotesquely expeditious Negro, I did the only sensible thing and awarded the prize to Adolf Hitler, and proudly so. If Mr. Hitler were breathing today, I would likely bestow the honor on him again, but, regrettably, the wheels of history had other plans.
The choices offered me this year were no more auspicious, I assure you, not least of all because I had not heard of a damned blasted one of them. Only this Bashar al-Assad gentleman intrigued me, although I have determined he is still another year away from unleashing his full potential. The rest could be swept into the dustbin of history and none would be the poorer. The proliferation of women, Negroes, Irish, Jews, Jewesses, and Chinee on the short-list of “nominees” was enough to send me into an apoplexy requiring half a dozen nurse-maids to contain.
Advertisement
Oh, I suppose I could award the honor to myself, as I have on 83 separate occasions in the past 115-odd years, but the thrill of favoritism wore off decades ago. As did the temptation of a supple bribe. And besides, from what little sense I could gather from the laudanum-dazed confines of my bed-chamber, it would appear the 12th year of this confounded century was quite an abhorrent year indeed, filled with abhorrent people doing abhorrent things. At the rate things are going now, this staggering mess we insist on calling civilization will be but a pile of ash in a century's time, and this news-paper will never again have to publish this annual feature. One can only hope, and dream.
Yours in misery,
T. Herman Zweibel
Publisher Emeritus
Datuk Seri Mohd Najib Razak says Bank Negara Malaysia has lodged a police report against the Wall Street Journal. — Picture by Choo Choy May
KUALA LUMPUR, May 27 ― Bank Negara Malaysia (BNM) Governor Datuk Muhammad Ibrahim lodged a police report against the Wall Street Journal (WSJ) today, said Prime Minister Datuk Seri Mohd Najib Razak.
Najib, who chaired the Umno Supreme Council meeting here, told reporters this when asked if he would be taking action against the WSJ following a string of reports on 1Malaysia Development Bhd (1MDB).
It is understood that one of the reports could be related to a purported leaked document from BNM to the Public Accounts Committee (PAC) on ownership of Good Star Ltd by Jho Taek Low or better known as Jho Low.
Najib said the police would have to investigate the report as publishing documents under the Official Secrets Act (OSA) was a very serious matter.
“They ( police ) must be able to provide us with the answers,” he said.
On whether the report published was authentic, Najib said he would let the police investigate. ― Bernama
After making a dramatic rise in British politics with an anti-immigration and anti-European Union posture, the UK Independence Party leader Nigel Farage surprised many when he said on television on Wednesday that he preferred Indians to immigrants from East European countries.
Speaking on BBC Newsnight, Farage, whose party made major gains during the European elections and in UK byelections in 2014, said that he preferred Indians and Australians to migrate to Britain instead of people from east European countries.
UKIP is considered one of the ‘insurgent' parties that are expected to cut into the support base of the two major parties (Conservative, Labour), and assume a position of some influence in the post-poll talks on government formation.
Farage said: “I have to confess I do have a slight preference. I do think, naturally, that people from India and Australia are in some ways more likely to speak English, understand common law and have a connection with this country than some people that come perhaps from countries that haven't fully recovered from being behind the iron curtain.”
There was also some surprise when Farage released his party manifesto last week. Seeking to focus more on the ‘Anglosphere' than on the European Union, the manifesto said: “Britain is not merely a European country, but part of a global community, the Anglosphere”.
“Beyond the EU and even the Commonwealth are a network of nations that share not merely our language but our common law, democratic traditions and global trading interests. From India to the United States, New Zealand to the Caribbean, UKIP would want to foster closer ties with the Anglosphere”. Farage said.
Farage admitted that he often spoke against immigration in the past to ‘get noticed' and ‘wake people up' to the issue, but went on to declare his preference for Indians and Australians even though he previously said that his party would not discriminate against new arrivals by nationality.
First Published: Apr 23, 2015 14:59 IST
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
Message: * A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/uvT6
— Award-winning Asheville restaurant Tupelo Honey Cafe is headed to Raleigh, the restaurant announced Monday on its website.
The Southern eatery will open a 5,800 square-foot restaurant inside the new 401 Oberlin apartments across from the Cameron Village shopping area in late fall. The location, currently under construction, will seat 220 guests and include a patio.
Raleigh will be its fourth North Carolina location.
The restaurant opened its first location in 2000 in downtown Asheville. They have since expanded to two locations in Asheville and one in Charlotte. They also have locations in Greenville, S.C., and Knoxville and Chattanooga, Tenn. They are planning to open restaurants in Johnson City, Tenn. in June and in Atlanta in 2015.
Some of their signature menu items include sweet potato pancakes, shrimp and grits and "Fried Chicken Saltimbocca and Moonshine Mary."
"We've long admired the food scene that has grown up around the Triangle," Tupelo Honey owner Steve Frabitore said. "When the opportunity to move in to 425 Oberlin presented itself, we jumped. We look forward to being a part of the Raleigh business community"
Tupelo Honey chef Brian Sonoskus and Elizabeth Sims met with media and shared slices of some freshly prepared pecan pie on Monday afternoon. They said the focus isn't to bring an "Asheville restaurant to Raleigh." They want to make it a true Raleigh restaurant with decor showcasing the area's talent (they are seeking out local artists) and using local suppliers when possible.
The first tenants at 401 Oberlin are expected to move in next month, representatives said. Spaces are still available at the complex that will also house Benelux Cafe.
Those looking to dine at the building will have access to a parking lot on the lower-level, which is open to visitors. Residential parking will be in a different section. There will also be a lot nearby that is reserved for Tupelo Honey Cafe customers
Putin upsets Erdoğan by making him wait for meeting: Report
Nerdun Hacıoğlu - MOSCOW
Russian President Vladimir Putin, left, listens to Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan as they meet each other during the opening ceremony of the 2015 European Games in Baku, Azerbaijan, Friday, June 12, 2015. AP Photo
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan was visibly upset when his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin made him wait for several minutes for a recent meeting in Baku, a senior correspondent has reported in Russian daily Kommersant.Erdoğan and Putin met in Baku on June 13 when they visited the Azerbaijan capital for the opening of the European Games.“The meeting was to be held in the hotel where Erdoğan was staying. Erdoğan and Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlüt Çavuşoğlu entered the meeting room on time, but not even one person from the Russian delegation was there yet,” Kommersant reporter Andrei Kolesnikov wrote.According to Kolesnikov, Erdoğan waited for several minutes and was about to leave the hall “with a sulky face,” but Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov then entered and saved the day.“I have learned that Putin had not even left his hotel yet at that time,” the reporter wrote, suggesting that this was the reason why Erdoğan appeared upset while later posing for photos with Putin.Putin, who previously admitted that one of his bad habits was being late for appointments, also made Pope Francis wait for over an hour before their meeting last week. Back in 2012, then Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovich also had to wait for Putin for four hours, after the Russian leader reportedly ran into a group of his motorcycling friends on the way.
( REMEMBER: All PBE information is tentative and subject to change. There is a reason Riot puts these things up for testing and doesn't just push them to live :P )
Kha'Zix
Abilities: Unseen Threat ( Passive )
When Kha'Zix is not visible to the enemy team, he gains Unseen Threat, causging his next basic attack against an enemy champion to deal X (+ .5 AP ) bonus magic damage and slow by 35% for 2 seconds. Taste Their Fear ( Q )
Example of Animation and Ranges Mana cost: 25 / 25 / 25 / 25 / 25 Cooldowns: 2.5 / 2.5 / 2.5 / 2.5 / 2.5 seconds.
Passive: Marks Enemies who are isolated from nearby allies. Active: Deals 70 / 100 /130 / 160 / 190 ( +1.6 bonus AD ) physical damage. If the target is isolated, the amount is increased to 100 / 145 / 190 / 235/ 280 (+2.4 bonus AD ) Evolved Enlarged Claws : Increases damage to isolated enemies by 12% of their missing health ( max 200 vs monsters ). Increases range of Taste Their Fear and Kha'Zix's Basic Attacks by 50 Void Spike ( W )
Example of Animation and Ranges Mana cost: 60 / 70 / 80 / 90 / 100
Cooldown: 8 / 8 / 8 / 8 / 8 seconds.
Fires exploding spikes, dealing 75 / 115 / 155 / 195 / 235 ( +.9 bonus AD) physical damage to all nearby enemies. Heals Kha'Zix for 40 / 70 / 100 / 130 / 160 ( +.5 AP) if he is within the explosion Radius
Evolved Spike Racks : Void Spike fires three spikes in a cone. Consumes Unseen Threat to slow and damage all enemies struck. Leap ( E )
Example of Animation and Ranges Mana cost: 50 / 50 / 50 / 50 / 50
Cooldown: 22 / 20 / 18 / 16 / 14 seconds
Leaps to target area, dealing 65 / 100/ 135/ 170/ 205 ( .8 AD ) physical damage.
Evolved Wings : Increases Leap's range. Kills and Assists will refresh cooldown of leap. Void Assault ( R )
Mana cost: 100 / 100 / 100.
Cooldown: 100 / 90 / 80 seconds.
Passive: Ranking up Void Assault allows Kha'Zix to evolve one of his abilities.
Active: Stealth for 1 second. Actives Unseen Threat and increases his Movement speed by 40%. Void Assault can be cast a second time within 10 seconds.
Evolved Active Camouflage : Void Assault can be cast three times. Kha'Zix takes 40% reduced damage while in stealth. Every time you level you are presented with your EVOLVE bar. You can upgrade each ability but only receive three points from leveling your ultimate. Apparently, You can receive a 4th evolution point by scoring a pentakill. Your appearance also changes as you evolve. It varies by order, but here is an example of wings, claws, spikes. Evolving your ultimate turns Kha'Zix red. Shown above is wing's and ultimate evolved. Lore entry, screen capped from client. Rengar's hidden passive with Kha'Zix changes the name ( doesn't give bonus stacks or anything ) of his Bonetooth necklace to "Head of Kha'Zix" after killing him. Thanks to redditor HansVonBurger for the shot.
Mecha Kha'Zix
The splash art is not yet finished in this PBE build.
Sultan Tryndamere
Pentakill Olaf
The splash art is not yet finished in this PBE build.
Soraka's new default skin and her updated Dryad & Divine skins.
Soraka
Dryad Soraka
Divine Soraka
The splash art for this skin wasn't updated.
Small icons on your profile page, view able by others.
Syndra
Dark Sphere ( Q ): Damage increased to 70/110/150/190/230 ( +.6 AP ) from 60/100/140/180/220 (+.5 AP). Mana cost also reduced to 40/50/60/70/80 from 50/60/70/80/90.
Unleashed Power ( R ): AP scaling increased to by .2 from .15
Items
Zhonya's Hourglass activated duration increased to 2.5 from 2.0
The PBE has been updated with a massive patch, including a new champion, new skins, new features, and more!Continue reading for anything and everything about our new champion, shots of the newandskins, previews of the newly updatedmodels, examples of the new Honor system, balance changes, and some tiny odds and ends, including changes to wards and Co-Op Vs AI.Just as you might have guessed, bothand his release skin,, are now available for testing on the PBE! Below is a look at his splash art,voice overs, abilities & ratios, lore, and Rengar's special interaction with him, as well as a preview of hisskin.A few new skins snuck into this patch, including the previously announced and, the long awaited last member to Runeterra's heaviest band!As we saw expected from the reveal earlier,'s visual update is included in this PBE patch. In addition to the new model for every skin, his update includes all new voice overs, splash arts ( except for Divine ), animations, and particles.The new Honor system was implemented this patch but has not yet been enabled . Here are some preview shots of where you can find the system in game and what options you have for honoring your fellow summoners.This PBE patch also had a few balance changes, namely buffs for bothand the Zhoyna's Hour glass item.Lastly we have a few odds and ends to wrap up.Intermediate bots now wear random skins instead of just using the default skins for each champion. This is the best change ever.Wards now have a small symbol above their head, presumably to help improve the readability that one detects stealth ( same graphic as oracles ) and the other doesn't; Just a guess!To the dismay of some and the delight of others, the "new"Splash is gone and the old one is back in it's place. I can only assume Riot heard the complaints of the communtiy and is working to fix it up.P,S: Thanks to all of you guys on the PBE who helped me snag shots <3!
SAN FRANCISCO—On Friday, 15 members of a jury (12 regular jurors and three alternates) were given a rare opportunity that had all reporters in the room seething with envy. They were given permission to write down their questions for Ellen Pao, the plaintiff who's asking for $16 million from her former employer, the lauded venture capital firm Kleiner Perkins, holding that the firm discriminated against her because she is a woman.
Kleiner contends that Pao was confrontational and unsuited to be an investor, and that she never clearly articulated what actions she wanted Kleiner to take.
After two days of questioning by her lawyers and two days of cross-examination, Pao today turned to Judge Harold Kahn as he read juror questions, and then turned to the jury as she answered them. (Juror questions were vetted by the judge and the lawyers before they were asked, but Kahn said that only one question was omitted because its content dealt with information that was protected under attorney/client privilege.)
And, for the first time in four days, Pao appeared to relax and show real emotion as she answered.
Is it porn or HBO?
”Entourage is not a porn show, but rather a mature-themed show on HBO,” one juror wrote, referencing an incident in Pao's testimony in which she and a number of male colleagues were on a private jet and the men began discussing porn. Kleiner's private investigator testified last week that the men were actually talking about a number of episodes of Entourage starring Sasha Grey, who has acted in porn as well as mainstream entertainment. “Were the men discussing sexual acts in particular or merely discussing the show?” the juror asked.
The answer was one that the courtroom hadn't heard before. Pao turned to the jury and said that on the jet, her male colleagues, “were discussing a different show on an adult network” that involved porn stars competing in performing sex acts for a prize. She said she believed Kleiner's investigator, Steven Hirschfeld, had pushed the Entourage explanation to make the situation seem less offensive.
One juror wanted to know why, after she was terminated at Kleiner, Pao hadn't looked for a job at one of the companies she had worked with at the VC firm, if she'd had such a good relationship with them, as she testified. But Pao said that many of the companies she'd worked with wanted to maintain their relationship with Kleiner Perkins. “They were still heavily tied to Kleiner Perkins, they had accepted millions of dollars, even tens of millions of dollars from Kleiner Perkins, and to put them in a situation where they had to choose between accepting money” from Kleiner or not, was not a place Pao or the companies wanted to be in.
Pao added in a later question that after she was terminated at Kleiner, John Doerr took her board seat at Flipboard, Matt Murphy took her board seat at Datameer, and Kleiner dropped her board seat at Lehigh Technologies.
Never incommunicado
Some of the questions seemed to probe startup culture itself. “Was it normal to send e-mails, IMs, and texts at all hours of the day, even during holidays?” one juror asked.
Pao smiled and said that it was. “It's a competitive industry and being responsive is important.”
In a later question about whether perhaps Pao was not given extra board seats because she was already seen as being “spread too thin,” Pao said that Doerr never gave her that indication. “He would encourage me to get more work/life balance but he would keep giving me more projects. So there was an aspirational goal, but he would still give me a lot of projects… so I don't think he thought I was stretched too thin.”
Another juror asked if Kleiner had ever passed up on investing in companies and later regretted the decision not to invest. One of Pao's claims against Kleiner was that she had advised them to invest in Twitter before the company had a lot of funding, and that advice was allegedly disregarded. Pao said that passing up on good opportunities did happen from time to time at the firm, and that passing up on investing in eBay is known throughout Kleiner as a major regret in the firm's otherwise-good track record.
“Don't be an asshole”
Oddly, a couple of questions came up about an offhand comment Pao made in a 2007 e-mail to senior managers. At the time, Pao was unhappy with Kleiner and the culture there and tendered her resignation. Senior manager John Doerr convinced Pao to stay, and he asked her to write down some suggestions to make Kleiner a better place.
In one bullet point, Pao wrote that Kleiner needed more “respect for entrepreneurs, (regardless of whether we want to invest in their venture or not) for visitors, and for our partners. Don't be an asshole.”
One juror wanted to know what Pao was talking about in that comment, with an example of a way that Kleiner lacked respect for entrepreneurs. Pao said that in one instance, she was in a meeting with a team of entrepreneurs who had a nascent company, and halfway through the meeting Kleiner Perkins decided that they didn't like the idea. As the meeting was going on, the Kleiner partners present started talking about how they'd break up the company and move the entrepreneurs around into the firm's other portfolio companies, in front of the entrepreneurs.
In Pao's view, this was unconscionably rude. ”Here are people whose hopes and dreams [are in this company] and you're talking about it in front of them as a failure.”
Another juror asked Pao why she felt it was ok to write her e-mail to Doerr in such a blunt fashion, and if, when she did it, she thought Doerr would fire her for calling him an asshole.
”I certainly wasn't calling John an asshole… it wasn't intended to be [aimed] at him” Pao told the jury. “And obviously he didn't fire me—then,” she laughed.
She said if she could write the letter over again, "I probably would have used the word 'jerk.'"
The jury also tried to clear up some inconsistencies in the record. In 2012, Pao told COO Eric Keller that Kleiner Perkins "did nothing in relation to Mr. Nazre," one juror asked. "But didn't they try to fire him years before?” Indeed, Pao had urged John Doerr not to fire Nazre in a 2007 e-mail, when he was first reported for harassment.
But Pao suggested that firing Nazre in 2007 wasn't that simple. “Kleiner Perkins didn't want to fire Ajit Nazre, John Doerr wanted to fire Ajit Nazre," she said. "Everybody else wanted to keep him." To another juror question on the same topic she replied, with a touch of defiance in her voice, “ultimately they [Kleiner Perkins] did nothing. It really shouldn't be on my shoulders to decide whether Ajit was fired. I would have carried that with me for the rest of my time at Kleiner Perkins… Ray [Lane] would have been unhappy, Ted [Schlein] probably would have been unhappy.” She added that had she complained and got Nazre fired, that would have been her legacy throughout the rest of her career.
Role reversal
One of the main points of contention in the case has been that Pao claims she did most of the work on cultivating Kleiner's investment in a patent licensing company called RPX, but when Kleiner was given a board seat, senior partner Randy Komisar, who had actively disdained the investment, was given the seat. Kleiner Perkins lawyers have held that Komisar had years of experience in patent law, and Pao was a few months away from a planned maternity leave.
So, a juror wanted to know, if the roles were reversed, and Komisar had had a three-month leave coming up on the calendar, did Pao think that Mr. Doerr would have given Komisar the board seat?
Pao paused for a long moment. It seemed she had never contemplated that scenario before. When she was ready, she spoke more slowly. “I don't think so,” she said. “I think he probably would have had two board seats then.” Doerr would have taken one board seat, Pao said, “and Randy [Komisar] would have joined as a senior board member,” later.
”Do you think having [Komisar take] a board seat was Doerr giving “fatherly advice”… to enjoy the birth of your daughter?” one juror asked.
”I don't think so, because he gave me work to do on my leave,” Pao replied.
Later, she told the jury that the rules for adding board seats were too nebulous. First, junior partners were told they could add one board seat per fund, then they were told they could add one board seat per year. “It became clear that others were adding boards more quickly” despite the rule, and then it became clear that male partners were adding many board seats, “and the women were not,” Pao said.
The jury also wanted to know if Pao ever received specific feedback in her first negative performance review for 2011, in which senior partners told her that “all” of her portfolio companies had complained about her.
"One specific example was around a company called UberConference,” Pao said recounting that she had set up a meeting, had to cancel, and then was criticized for rescheduling without inviting any senior partners to the meeting. However, Pao maintained that that criticism wasn't even valid.
“I was hospitalized,” she said, her voice shaking a bit. “That was a very painful thing for me to hear because I actually had a miscarriage,” adding that she had asked her assistant reschedule the meeting, and the assistant only re-invited people who had RSVP'd already.
"I asked for more examples from board members, but the feedback wasn't actionable," Pao continued. "They had no examples. They said they would go back and get permission for specific examples, and I never heard back.”
Trust and lawsuits
The jury asked Pao if she distrusted Kleiner Perkins, and if so, “why did you stay in a work environment that you didn't trust?”
Pao said that at first, Ajit was the only partner she did't trust, but she stopped trusting Kleiner when she got into litigation.
I'm an optimist,” she said. “I was always hoping that John would step in and manage the culture or tell people to clean it up.”
Pao also told the jury that she hadn't been looking for a lawsuit when she started at Kleiner Perkins. "Litigation is painful and difficult. It's been three years of my life, all of my e-mails are now public...it's dragged my friends into this, this is not a good process for resolving disputes," she said, adding that Kleiner Perkins "never had that conversation where they said 'We take responsibility for creating a workplace that is safe and fair.'"
Towards the end of the questions, Pao became comfortable and seemed to speak extemporaneously—a marked difference from the stiff answers she gave on Monday and tuesday when she began her testimony and the stubborn reticence she gave the cross-examining attorney on Wednesday and Thursday.
One juror asked if maybe all Pao experienced at Keliner Perkins was a very, very stressful environment: Is it the “nature of the beast” to have conflicts between partners in a “type-a” industry, the juror asked.
Investors are “very aggressive, very competitive, and very confident people,” Pao said, with an earnestness that had been absent from all testimony in the trial over the previous three weeks. “But behaviors that were acceptable by men were not acceptable by women… [colleague Trae Vassallo] would get criticized for speaking up too much, and being too talkative. For me I was not talking enough, or if I did talk, I was being too competitive or too sharp-elbowed.”
“I'm supposed to be more aggressive, but then less aggressive," she said. "It was a very frustrating and difficult experience and I don't think it was just because it was a competitive environment.”
Testimony from Pao ended this afternoon, but many more witnesses will take the stand in the coming weeks. Nine jurors out of 12 must agree there was or was not gender discrimination at Kleiner Perkins to issue a verdict.
LINCOLN COUNTY, W.Va. (WSAZ) -- It seems like everyone is working to stop the growing drug problem across our region, and local schools are even joining the fight.
Starting this year, some students at Lincoln County High School could be randomly selected for drug testing.
"This is the first year we've started our random drug testing policy," Assistant Superintendent Bill Linville said.
Before this policy, students only faced consequences if they were under the influence or in possession of a drug at school.
Not all students are in the pool for random selection.
A student could get selected if they participate in an extracurricular activity, drive their own car to school, or their parent opts them into the program.
One Lincoln County woman disagrees with the policy.
"If you're going to do drug testing, I think it should be for everybody," Beulah Taylor, a Lincoln County grandparent, said.
But Assistant Superintendent Bill Linville said that since the school is a free public institution. they cannot make every student participate in random testing.
They can only randomly test students who utilize certain privileges the school gives like driving to school and participating in extracurricular activities.
School officials think this policy could offer students a reason to turn down drugs.
"They could look at their peer and say, 'No, I drive to school, or I play in the band, or I play football and I don't want to lose that privilege,' " Linville said.
Linville also said this new policy was put into place to help students.
"We're going to offer them help. That's what we're here for to help students," Linville said.
If a student tests positive for drugs upon their random selection, the student must receive drug conciliating and submit three additional drug screenings throughout the academic year.
If a student is selected for a drug test and the student refuses to participate, they will not be eligible for extracurricular and parking at school.
It's a classic conundrum: while rushing to get to an important meeting or appointment on time, you spot a stranger in distress. How do you decide whether to stop and help, or continue on your way?
A new study by neuroscientists at Duke and Stanford University sheds light on how the brain coordinates these complex decisions involving altruism and empathy. The answer lies in the way multiple areas of the brain collaborate to produce the decision, rather than just one area or another making the call.
“The brain is more than just the sum of its individual parts,” said Jana Schaich Borg, assistant research professor in the Social Science Research Institute and the Center for Cognitive Neuroscience at Duke.
Using a technique that combines electrical monitoring of brain activity with machine learning, the team was able to tune into the brain chatter of rats engaged in helping other rats.
They found that regions deep within the brain -- those primarily responsible for emotions and basic bodily functions -- are core to empathic decision-making. The specific role of each brain area is not fixed, but can change depending on which other areas it is communicating with, and what specific messages it is receiving, according to Schaich Borg.
“We know that there are many brain regions that seem to do multiple things, sometimes at the same time, but we don't know how the brain pulls that off,” Schaich Borg said.
“One idea is that the function a brain region plays at a specific time could be determined by what it is connected to at that time, what other brain regions are doing at that time, and how brain regions are talking to each other at that time,” Schaich Borg said. “Some people have called this hypothetical phenomenon ‘neural context,' and we've found concrete evidence for that.”
The results clarify earlier conflicting findings on the role of specific brain regions, such as the insula, in guiding antisocial and psychopathic behavior, and may shed light on how to encourage altruistic behavior in humans.
The study appears in the June issue of Brain and Behavior.
Schaich Borg began this research as a graduate student at Stanford, where she was driven to understand the neurological basis of empathy in hopes of finding better treatments for conditions like psychopathy, in which people seem unable to experience empathy at all.
“I wanted to understand what makes someone help someone else, or what makes someone refrain from hurting another person even when they don't like them,” Schaich Borg said. Ethical and practical considerations can make it tricky to study the neural mechanisms of this type of decision-making in human subjects. So working with then-advisor Luis de Lecea, she devised an experiment to elicit empathetic decision-making in rats.
Rats generally dislike bright lights, preferring to stay in places that are dark or dimly lit, Schaich Borg said. But she found that when given a choice, most rats would enter a brightly-lit chamber if it could prevent another rat from receiving an electrical shock.
A series of molecular tests pinpointed which regions of the brain were active while the rats made these decisions. “The brain regions that encoded what the rat was choosing to do were the same ones we found in other studies to be involved in human empathy and moral decision making,” Schaich Borg said. “It's fascinating that rats are using the same brain regions that we seem to be using, and it suggests that rats provide a promising avenue for better understanding the way the human brain makes decisions to help others.”
But the results were also confusing in some ways. Specific areas of the brain, such as the amygdala or the insula, appeared to be increasingly active the more rats chose to help, but these same brain regions were also known to be involved in many other behaviors that had nothing to do with social behavior.
To get a deeper view of how the rats' brains coordinated empathic decision-making, Schaich Borg became a postdoctoral researcher in the lab of Kafui Dzirasa, assistant professor of psychiatry and behavioral sciences at Duke. Dzirasa had developed a way of simultaneously tuning into electrical signals from multiple points of the brains of awake, behaving rodents. Careful analysis of these signals can reveal not only which parts of the brain are activated, but also how different areas of the brain talk to each other.
Schaich Borg applied this technique to her rats, recording the activity within 10 specific brain regions while also searching for signs of oscillatory “coherence” or communication between each of the regions as the rats were making decisions about how to respond to other rats getting shocked. Collaborating with statisticians, she then used machine learning techniques to correlate the vast array of brain data with the rats' behaviors.
“We found that you cannot describe the behavior as well with single brain regions as you can by looking at coherence, or connections between different brain regions,” Schaich Borg said.
The results help explain conflicting roles the insula has been found to play in human psychopathy and addiction. “Perhaps the insula facilitates certain social behaviors when it is talking a group of brain regions in one way, but inhibits those same behaviors when it is talking to the same brain regions in a different way,” Schaich Borg said.
“Our results confirm that if you just look at one brain region at a time, you likely will not be getting the full story of how the mind works,” she said. “To understand how the brain coordinates complex behaviors -- especially social behaviors -- we likely have to look at the changing inputs and outputs of individual regions in different situations.”
This research was supported by a National Science Foundation Graduate Fellowship, the Imitatio Foundation, an Information Initiative at Duke Research Incubator Award, the One Mind Institute (IMHRO) Rising Star Award, the National Institutes of Health (R01MH102638) and the NARSAD Distinguished Scientist Award.
CITATION: "Rat intersubjective decisions are encoded by frequency-specific oscillatory context," Jana Schaich Borg, Sanvesh Srivastava, Lizhen Lin, Joseph Heffner, David Dunson, Kafui Dzirasa and Luis de Lecea. Brain and Behavior, June 2017. DOI: #10.1002/brb3.710
The Target data breach may be just the tip of the iceberg in what seems to be a massive sophisticated attack on U.S. retailers that may have possibly originated in Russia, according to newly discovered evidence. The Wall Street Journal reports that federal and private investigators who are looking into the matter have discovered that parts of the malware used to hit Target has been available on the black market since last spring, and was written in Russian, leading them to believe the attack may have ties to organized crime in the former Soviet Union.
The investigators have also revealed that any known antivirus software couldn't detect the malware used, with hackers having also added in features that covered the fact that they were actually copying data from the credit and debit cards swiped in point-of-sale (POS) machines. Interestingly, the malware was programmed to steal data during prime business hours (i.e from 10:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. local time) and store it on an internal Target server that was also controlled by the hackers.
“What's really unique about this one is it's the first time we've seen the attack method at this scale,” iSight Partners senior vice president Tiffany Jones said. “It conceals all the data transfers. It makes it really hard to detect in the first place.”
Some of these newly revealed details confirm what a recent Krebs on Security report said, although we're now getting a better idea of the scope of the Target attack. Neither Krebs on Security, nor the investigators cited by the Journal have revealed how the malware was actually injected into Target's POS machines.
iSight on Thursday issued its own report on the KAPTOXA (name of program written in Russian) POS malicious software it discovered, acknowledging the fact that it's investigating the matter with the U.S. Secret Service. The security company warns retailers that the malware “has potentially infected a large number of retail information systems,” and they should contact the Secret Service and the company in case they believe they were infected. The security firm also advises consumers to keep an eye for fraudulent bank transactions and to avoid opening any emails or links that may have been sent by their banks or financial institutions, and instead contact those institutions via telephone or website.
Finally, Reuters on Friday exclusively reported that six ongoing attacks similar to the one suffered by Target have discovered by security firm IntelCrawler, although actual names of the companies involved were not revealed at the time this article was written.
So it's another long day and you're stuck in the office. When you don't have much to do, it's a total drag to aimlessly scour the Internet while watching the minutes roll by.
Why would you do that when you could be playing a game?
I'm a retro/classic gamer, so you can imagine how excited I knew that the Internet Archive released a limited selection of DOS games available for streaming, no downloading required. While it doesn't have absolutely every amazing DOS game out there, it does have more than a few great titles to show off.
Playing games at work is the dream, certainly, but you're still at your job. You don't want to get caught. And while you could spend your time completely immersed in ‘Wolfenstein 3D' or ‘Prince of Persia,' they're not very kind to you if you have to tab away hastily to keep prying eyes from knowing your secret.
So, here's a short list of 11 great games for a more casual play-through. They don't need a lot of intense babysitting, can be worked on in short bursts, and will not completely screw you over if you get rushed into a last-minute meeting and you have to leave them on.
The Lemmings need you! Mostly because they are cripplingly stupid. The sequel to the original Lemmings follows the titular beings as they hurl themselves off of and onto every dangerous obstacle in the world they've been dropped into. The cool thing about the sequel is that it's non-linear, meaning that you can work through different sections that feature different lemming jobs depending on the scene. The levels are short, too, so they're a nice brain break.
The forerunner to essentially the entire point-and-click Adventure genre, ‘Maniac Mansion' is full of creepy jokes and morbidity. You control a group of teens looking to save main guy Dave's girlfriend Sandy, collecting everything in sight and dodging the creepy Dr. Fred and his family. It's not an easy game and, unlike future LucasArts games like ‘The Secret of Monkey Island' you can accidentally prevent yourself from beating the game if you get rid of a necessary item. Or blow up a hamster in a microwave on purpose.
Sure, it's about history and (thoroughly outdated) geography, but there's something soothing about trying to catch the sticky-fingered filcher from Berlin down to Belize, Carmen San Diego. Although there are plenty of iterations of the franchise available to play in the archive, this one has the benefit of enhanced graphics without muddling up the interface with silly phones or a more point-and-click style.
The game that put middle-schoolers on the ultimate power trip is available in its DOS version on the archive. While less pretty both visually and sonically than its Super Nintendo counterpart, the core of ‘SimCity' is the same as you've come to know and love. Zone for different needs! Build Roads! Blow it all up if it sucks! This is also a game that is ideal for multitasking, since it involves a lot of downtime to let your citizens do the hard work for you.
Essentially the video game version of shock sex comedies like ‘Porky's,' the ‘Leisure Suit Larry' franchise follows a hapless singleton looking to score. You travel around town, collect items, and try to impress women enough to bed them, while avoiding bizarre death and other hazards of the swinging '70s lifestyle. There are also many versions of this game (and sequels) available in the archive, but the original is best.
‘Sim Ant' is like the low-key champion of the DOS library. For one, it's actually a very scientific look into the life of an ant. Also, the complex mechanisms involved when you're a single ant in a large colony is what inspired creator Will Wright to go on and make ‘The Sims'. Hunt food, explore the overworld, and manage your little ant needs while avoiding the hostile creatures (including humans) who don't take too kindly to you.
This one hardly needs explanation, since it's the most popular game in the entire archive, but the DOS version of ‘Oregon Trail' will tickle your nostalgia sensors like no other. So yoke up your oxen and try not to die from dysentery as you make it from Independence, Missouri all the way out west to your new life in Oregon. And don't forget to bring a ton of bullets!
As a grown woman, this educational game still scares the crap out of me. As a youth detective trying to solve the wily doings of the Master of Mischief, ‘Midnight Rescue' is equal parts reading comprehension and horrifying paintbrush robots charging at you with a deadly look in their eyes. Although the reading materials are designed for younger kids, the game is still full of a good challenge to stay entertaining. Just don't underestimate those robots.
So, the DOS port of everyone's favorite ravenous yellow circle isn't exactly the prettiest version of the game. People who are used to the arcade version or console ports, even on the Atari, might need to adjust expectations in both the visual and controls department. But sometimes, when you want to play ‘Pac-Man,' this free version will really get the job done.
Unlike most children's educational game, ‘Number Munchers' actually remains a challenge well into adulthood. Thanks to scaled difficulty that allows you to challenge yourself with “8th Grade and Above” math, and the unpredictability of the insanely tough Troggles, hopping around from one block to another while trying to solve simple math problems can turn into a real brainteaser. If you still like your games with a side of learning or puzzles, then this game is easy to pick up casually and very addictive.
Let the spice flow in this landmark real-time strategy game based in the ‘Dune' universe. Pledge your allegiance to the noble House Atreides, the merchant-minded House Ordos, or the ruthless House Harkonnen in battling for control of the planet Arrakis. Harvest that special spice to gain favor with the emperor, and fight off the other houses who seek to destroy you. The game is structured via mission objectives, so you can take a break and do them in pieces. But be careful: it'll will completely suck you in.
Read Next: Happy 30th birthday, Commodore Amiga!
Read next: How I went from 0 to 8-figure revenue in 18 months
Here is part 2 of the Potato and Bean Burger recipes. So we've had them as plain old burgers and now we've got some left over and want to mix it up a bit, so we split the burgers into 3, roll into a ball and now they have become, as if by magic, veggie meatballs!!! Ta-Dah. I can't say which I liked best as they were both lush, but this is a great recipe to have in mind as it's cheap and you can make a big batch that will cater for a few different dishes throughout the week.
We had a lovely long walk through the park today in Martin's home town, the sun was shining, magpies flying around over head, the smell of freshly cut grass, just bliss. A bit of shopping in Asda's (going to make some Blueberry Muffins in a bit), had a nosey for some accessories as heading out tomorrow night to see our boys at the local pub and now back home, posting a little recipe while watching the trees swaying in the wind and listening to next doors wind chime, so very soothing…. I think I might need a nap!
Finished my latest book, The Unlikely Pilgrimage of Harold Fry, by Rachel Joyce. It was fantastic, but be warned, if you're a big softy like me, this will have you blubbing all over the place! It was very well written and the story itself was just brilliant. Highly recommend it.
Mushroom Spaghetti Marinara with Veggie Meatballs (vegan & gluten free option)
MyInspiration Feel The Difference Range
Serves 2 – ready in under 30 minutes
175g wholewheat spaghetti (for GF use your favourite Gluten Free pasta)
1 can chop tomatoes
2 tbsp tomato paste
8 button mushrooms chopped
1 onion finely sliced
2 cloves garlic finely sliced
1 tbsp dried basil
1 tsp Thyme
1/2 tsp black pepper
1 tbsp Balsamic Vinegar
4 potato and bean burgers (see recipe here) split into 3 and rolled into balls
2 cups spinach – wilted by pouring a kettle of hot water over the spinach in a colander
Method
1. Start by cooking the pasta – add the spaghetti to a pan of boiling water and cook for 12 – 15 minutes, then drain.
2. For the sauce, heat 2 tbsp water in a large saute pan over a medium heat and cook the onion and garlic for 3 minutes to soften then add the chopped mushrooms and cook for 2 minutes.
3. Add the chopped tomatoes, tomato paste, 1/2 cup water, balsamic vinegar, basil, thyme and black pepper, stir together then add the veggie meatballs and spinach and gently stir everything together so the veggie balls are coated in the sauce, cook for 5 – 6 minutes to heat the veggie balls through.
4. To serve, just add the spaghetti to a nice big bowl and spoon the marinara and meatballs into the center, sprinkle over some fresh black pepper and it's good to go!
Since the beginning of League, the community has always valued communication. Riot has made several steps to improve communication. Particularly, 6 different pings are available to the players to quickly convey a message to their teammates. They are: General, Caution, Danger, Assist, Enemy Missing, and On My Way. However, these pings don't reflect their common usage by players. That is why I am here to guide you through both common League terminology, and ping usage. Terminology is constantly evolving and these terms may become outdated, that and it is impractical to list them all, so I will name the three that are used the most. Pings, on the other hand, are fairly simple and haven't changed much over the course of time.
Terminology-
GL HF: Green Lantern High Five. Many players are fans of DC comics. This term is typically used to convey their love of comic book superheroes to their fellow fans, on both teams. They typically show their love more affluently by giving their fellow fans a free kill; going on to get angry about said kill giving their friend an advantage.
GG: Get Good. A very common one, though this one almost always has a specific target, however many people do not specify said target. It is usually said at the beginning of the game to one's teammates to inspire them to play better.
EZ: Elongated Ziti. EZ is typically said at the end of a long match, where either side could have won. It is a reference to the hot, cheesy, lasanga like Italian dish. EZ meaning the match was heated, lengthy, and most likely won by a cheesy move like back dooring with Yi.
That's only a few of the many terms. These are among the most common, however. Over time you will come to learn all of them.
Pings-
I will explain these pings in how common players use them, not Riot's intended use
General: This ping is actually 3 in 1. Pinging open ground will result in a "Don't Look Here" ping. Pinging a friendly structure will show an "Abandon This" ping, informing teammates it's not worth defending this structure. Pinging an enemy structure, enemy, or neutral monster will show a "Too Strong" ping. This is used to tell teammates not to focus this enemy as they are too powerful.
Caution: Opposite to Riot's intention, the Caution ping is used to convey a plan of attack, it shows you where you should charge in and attack the enemy team whilst your teammates focus on another objective or farm.
Assist: Similar to the "Abandon This" ping, assist can be used to inform a teammate of what location they should avoid as much as possible. If a teammate pings Assist, it's in your best interest to run in the opposite direction.
Danger: The danger ping is used point out a spot for the team to gather at in order to engage the enemy team. It's a good idea to get there as fast as you can, even if you are alone.
On My Way (OMW): OMW is a complex one. It's used to signal that you, or a teammate, are going to perform a U maneuver. The U maneuver is used to trick the enemy team. You begin moving towards the target location, half way there you turn around and head back. The enemy will try to get ahead of you and cut you off. Little to their knowledge, you were simply tricking them.
Enemy Missing: A simple one, this ping is used to signify you recognize that your lane opponent left his lane and is currently ganking another one while you try to get ahead in farm. Note that this one isn't used until your opponent is already in another lane.
These are all 6 pings, and their use by the community. Again, these are not Riot's intended uses of the pings. Now that you know 3 terms, and all 6 pings, you're ready to communicate on a level typically seen in Diamond and Challenger games. With this knowledge you too can climb the ladder of ranked, learning new terms on your way. Learning is part of the experience, and knowledge is power!
All images in this article taken from Riot's League of Legends database
A Putnam County Sheriff's Office detective has resigned during an internal investigation into allegations that he was untruthful while under oath during a drug trafficking trial, the Sheriff's Office said today in a news release
Richard Campbell resigned on April 14, five days after the circuit court trial. The internal investigation began when Campbell was accused of violating a Sheriff's Office general order about willful departure from the truth while giving testimony, the release said.
The investigation revealed that Campbell and another deputy were outside the courtroom after the other deputy testified. In violation of the judge's sequestration rule, Campbell discussed the other deputy's testimony with him, the Sheriff's Office said.
When Judge Ed Hedstrom learned of the violation, he called each deputy into the courtroom separately. The deputy who testified admitted to the violation, but Campbell denied the conversation took place, the release said.
Sheriff's Office Chief of Staff Rick Ryan suspended Campbell on April 9 after learning about the violation and the internal investigation began. The investigation was completed the day after Campbell resigned. It concluded that Campbell had committed the violation of Sheriff's Office policy.
Criminal charges against Campbell are pending a review of the case by the State Attorney's Office. The news release did not say how the incident impacted the trial.
Campbell had been a deputy with the Sheriff's Office since July 2003.
(CBS) – Demonstrators threatened to “shut down” the Taste of Chicago on Saturday in hopes of drawing attention to fatal officer-involved shootings of black suspects, but the festival seemed to be relatively unscathed by the civil disobedience.
At 5 p.m., Chicago police were allowing protesters into the Grant Park food festival. They were not allowed to bring signs inside. Things appeared peaceful, though protesters symbolically raised their hands high as they walked past officers at a security checkpoint, CBS 2's Jeremy Ross reports.
On Facebook, more than 600 people committed to joining the demonstration. Their intended message was: No justice, no revenue.
Protesters marched en masse through the Taste of Chicago but left about an hour later without incident. They continued through the downtown, occasionally disrupting traffic but monitored by police officers.
One activist, Jedidiah Brown, said demonstrators hoped to send a message to Chicago leaders.
“This condition has not gotten any better. You can't get quiet on it. You still got a whole lot of work to do. We're going to keep the pressure on you until you do it. And if you don't, the voices of the violent may end up overshadowing the voices of us, who are peaceful,” he says.
The staff at Gold Coast Dogs was prepared for the possible disruption.
Mahima Bahimi says employees were told to stay calm and stay inside the booth. Everyone was given an emergency number.
“We are hopeful that we have a good Saturday and Sunday,” she tells CBS 2's Audrina Bigos.
Some visitors at the Taste were hoping for the best, too.
“I don't know why they would try to protest and stop the Taste of Chicago when that's such a great symbol of Chicago,” Stephen Wnguyn said.
There were actually several separate demonstrations in Chicago's downtown region Saturday.
They came after highly publicized, fatal police-involved shootings of black individuals in Minnesota and Louisiana. A black military veteran, apparently angered by the events, killed five Dallas police officers in an ambush Thursday night. Dallas police killed the suspect using a robot-propelled bomb.
Humans likely established permanent settlements on the high-altitude Tibetan Plateau between 13,000-7,400 years ago, according to new research published this week in the journal Science.
That conclusion challenges the previously held view that permanent human occupation of the Tibetan Plateau began no earlier than 5,200 years ago, after the advent of agriculture. The new finding is, however, consistent with research on the genetics of modern Tibetan Plateau people showing that they adapted genetically to the high-elevation environment beginning at least 8,000 years ago.
The research team includes Randy Haas, a postdoctoral research associate in the University of Wyoming's Department of Anthropology. The group was led by Michael Meyer of the University of Innsbruck in Austria and Mark Aldenderfer of the University of California-Merced. The multinational team includes scholars from institutions in Austria, Germany, New Zealand and the United States.
The researchers conducted an extensive analysis of human handprints and footprints found in 1998 in fossilized hot spring mud near the village of Chusang on Tibet's central plateau, at an elevation of 14,000 feet above sea level. Early analysis of the archaeological site indicated that the prints were made by people about 20,000 years ago, but the more thorough analysis dates them to at least 7,400 years ago, and possibly as early as 13,000 years ago. That still makes the Chusang site the oldest reliably dated archaeological site on the Tibetan Plateau.
While some have suggested that a human presence on the Tibetan Plateau at those early dates was only a result of short-term, seasonal movement from low-elevation base camps, the new research shows that it is much more likely that the handprints and footprints were made by permanent residents. Haas shows that the distance between lowland environments and the Chusang site would have required at least 230 miles of foot travel across the Himalayan arc -- a path far too long and treacherous for temporary use of the site, and far greater than what has been documented among most historic hunter-gatherers.
The early Tibetan Plateau settlers managed to survive at high elevation at least 7,400 years ago, before the development of an agricultural economy between 5,200-3,600 years ago.
"Although an agropastoral lifeway may have enabled substantial population growth after 5,000 years, it by no means was required for the early, likely permanent, occupation of the high central valleys of the Tibetan Plateau," the researchers wrote.
Haas says the research sheds new light on human colonization of high-elevation environments. For example, researchers have been puzzled by the striking differences in how Tibetans and Andean highlanders adapted physiologically to the rigors of life at high elevations.
"High-elevation environments (over 8,000 feet above sea level) were some of the last places in the world that humans colonized, and so they offer something of a natural laboratory for studying human adaptation," Haas says. "Research on high-elevation populations around the world tells us that there were multiple adaptive pathways involving various combinations of physiological, genetic and cultural responses. Our findings clarify that genetic and cultural responses on the Tibetan Plateau played out over considerably longer time spans than previously thought."
Pro-gun Representative Even Jenkins (R-WV-3) is challenging gun control Senator Joe Manchin (D-WV) for his Senate seat in 2018.
Jenkins has released an internet ad that chronicles Manchin's broken pro-gun promises; showing Manchin shift from being a pro-gun Senate candidate to a pro-gun control Senator who stood side-by-side with Obama in the push for more gun regulations on law-abiding citizens.
The ad shows Manchin saying, “As your Senator, I'll protect our Second Amendment rights.”
Then Jenkins says, “Joe Manchin broke that promise. Violating our values and pushing gun control with Barack Obama and the New York liberals.”
The ad shows Obama thanking Manchin and plays a clip of Manchin saying, “I would agree with Mayor Bloomberg. That's something we agree on; we found commonality.”
The ad shows Manchin saying, “I'll take on Washington and this administration to get the federal government off of our backs and out of out pockets. I'll cut federal spending.”
Jenkins retorts, “Say one thing to get elected, do another in DC.”
Jenkins accuses Manchin of “standing with Planned Parenthood to give billions to abortion providers,” then says, “Somewhere along the way, Joe became one of them.”
The ad shows Manchin pointing a rifle, saying, “and I'll take dead aim,” then switches to images of “shuttered coal mines and shattered communities” and Jenkins says, “Turns out, West Virginia was the target.”
Manchin was the Obama administration's point man for gun control post-Sandy Hook. At a time when Americans were still reeling from emotional duress that accompanied news of the deaths of 26 at Sandy Hook, Manchin stepped in to push universal background checks–even though background checks had absolutely nothing to do with the attack. After all, the attacker stole his guns, he did not buy them in an alley or at a gun show or online. The attacker stole the guns yet Manchin and the whole of the Democrat Party pushed gun control while Americans were weak.
And on April 14, 2013–just three days before a Senate vote was to be held on Manchin's gun control–he told CBS's Face the Nation that his gun control would not have prevented Sandy Hook.
Manchin's gun control went down in flames on April 17, 2013, and he has spent the last four years trying to revive any time the chance appears. Moreover, on April 21, 2015–just over two years after his gun control was defeated–Manchin told MSNBC's Morning Joe that his gun control “made sense” in 2013 and that it “makes sense now.”
More recently, on April 21, 2017, Manchin expressed hope that he could somehow secure his gun control while President Trump is in office. Manchin told CNN:
There's a reason that certain people shouldn't be able to have access to guns. Every law-abiding gun owner understands that. They read our bill and saw we had a good piece of legislation, but no one had the fortitude to do it. And [Trump] could do it.
Manchin simply cannot quit pushing gun control.
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com
A-list appeal: Darlinghurst's Hard Rock Cafe drew stars such as Reese Witherspoon, in 1996. Credit:Ken James ''Trying to sell a retail business in this climate is virtually impossible, so this is a positive result for employees, many of whom also kept their jobs,'' Mr Hutchins said, but added, ''There was too much debt. Unfortunately, a whole litany of creditors has been torched in the process.'' The Hard Rock Cafe was the first themed restaurant chain in the world, opening its original diner, in London, in 1971. After the cafe covered its walls with rock'n'roll collectables, the tradition spread across the chain. When Sydney's Hard Rock Cafe opened its doors in Crown Street, Darlinghurst, in 1989, 900 people paid $200 each to munch on burgers, mingle with celebrities and marvel at the rock'n'roll memorabilia. Boosted by regular appearances from globetrotting A-listers, the eatery enjoyed enormous success during the next decade. After it closed in 2007, Mr Huntly and business partner David Rich bought the Australian franchise rights from the chain's US parent company. In December 2011, they relaunched the cafe at a new 500-seater location in Darling Harbour. At the grand reopening, Mr Huntly announced the brand had ''staying power''. ''If music went out of fashion, Hard Rock would go out of fashion,'' he said. ''Music will never go out of fashion.''
World-famous: Billy Joel attends the Sydney branch of the infamous chain. Credit:Dallas Kilponen But in the months that followed, Mr Huntly discovered the Hard Rock name was by no means a guarantee to success. The business received another setback in November last year, when Mr Rich was declared bankrupt. Administrators, from June onwards, kept the cafes operating to preserve value and broker a possible sale, but the business was on its knees. Documents lodged with the Australian Securities and Investments Commission show Mr Huntly's related companies, Hard Rock Cafe Sydney Pty Ltd and Goddings Pty Ltd, owe the Tax Office more than $453,000 and a further $1 million to parent company Hard Rock Cafe International. Unsecured trade creditors include food and beverage wholesalers, equipment suppliers, tourism agencies, fridge repairers, pest controllers and plumbers, all chasing debts from $145,000 to $50. They include Treasury Wine Estates, which is owed almost $9000, and Gold Coast-based Chicken Delight, which is owed $22,000. For legal reasons, both companies declined to comment.
When administrators met creditors in August, they said the ''key reason'' behind the collapse was that the business had ''underestimated'' the capital and operating costs required to trade. New owner Mr Beaumont, meanwhile, has vowed to develop the brand and several weeks ago registered ''Hard Rock Cafe Bondi'' as a new company, with the view to opening a beachside diner next year. He said on Friday: ''What happened before was very unfortunate, but I'm trying to make the best of a bad situation. There have been so many costs to bring the business back up to speed, but we're getting there.'' He added: "Three parties bid for this business. Thankfully, we were successful because we are honouring both the staff and their entitlements. From this day forward, it's about keeping the heart and soul of the brand ticking forward." A Hard Rock International spokeswoman said: ''At this time, the two locations are working through an administration plan with the previous franchisee, but Hard Rock remains committed to the existing cafe locations in Australia.'' twitter: @eamonnduff
44% also favor the government forcing journalists to give up their news sources.
Infowars.com
July 18, 2013
A recent national poll shows that 34% of Americans believe the First Amendment “goes too far in the rights it guarantees.”
The Newseum Institute's First Amendment Center, based at Vanderbilt University in Nashville, Tennessee, conducted the national survey of 1,006 American adults in May.
That belief is up 13% compared to the results of the same survey conducted last year, the largest single-year increase since the center started the annual surveys in 1997.
“It's unsettling to see a third of Americans view the First Amendment as providing too much liberty,” said First Amendment Center President Ken Paulson in a press release. “This underscores the need for more First Amendment education.”
“If we truly understand the essential role of these freedoms in a democracy, we're more likely to protect them.”
For reference, the text of the First Amendment reads:
Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances.
The survey also asked respondents other related questions:
– When asked to name the five specific rights guaranteed by the First Amendment, only the freedom of speech was named by the majority of the respondents at 59%. Less than a quarter of the respondents, 24%, named freedom of religion. 14% recalled the freedom of the press and 11% remembered the freedom of peaceful assembly. Only 4% knew of their guaranteed freedom to petition the government.
– 36% of respondents could not name any of the five specific rights listed in the First Amendment.
– 31% agreed that musicians should not be allowed to sing songs with lyrics that might offend others.
– 44% favor court orders requiring journalists to give up their news sources.
– 80% agreed that the news media act as an independent “watch dog” over government on behalf of the people.
“Americans remain generally supportive of First Amendment freedoms,” said Newseum Institute CEO Gene Policinski in a press release. “But the inability of most to even name the freedoms, combined with the increase of those who think the freedoms go too far, shows how quickly that support can erode.”
“As a nation, we must better prepare our fellow and future citizens for the hard decision of defending core freedoms against those who would damage or limit them by violence or by law.”
Unfortunately our core freedoms are already under attack.
We reported last month that police arrested a San Diego man, Jeff Olsen, for writing anti-bank messages in washable chalk on a public sidewalk.
Olsen said the messages he wrote, such as “Shame on Bank of America,” never used profanity.
In 2010, media analyst and political activist Mark Dice even convinced people to sign a petition repealing the First Amendment.
He followed up with even more satire last month when he asked beach goers to sign a petition banning Christian symbols from public view.
The First Amendment Center conducts the yearly surveys to gauge the public's opinions and knowledge on issues affecting the First Amendment.
The sampling error for this year's survey is +/- 3.2% at the 95% confidence level, meaning that when sampling another group of Americans using the same methodology, there is only a 1 in 20 chance the results would differ by more than 3.2% in either direction.
The Newseum Insitute operates a 250,000 square foot museum of news and journalism history, aptly called the Newseum, in Washington, D.C.
The Obergefell decision makes marriage available to some straight couples, too. Photo by Antonio Guillem/Shutterstock
When the Supreme Court legalized same-sex marriage throughout the United States, Robin Lovett and Lee Owen were ecstatic. They've been a couple for about two years, and while they aren't currently engaged, marriage is a future possibility. Still, many people who know the couple had no idea the same-sex marriage decision affected them. That's because Robin is a cisgendered bisexual girl, and Lee is a bisexual trans guy. In Tennessee, where both of them were born and raised, this means that Lee is legally barred from amending his birth certificate to reflect his male gender identity, despite living as man, and despite the fact that many of the people who know him are unaware of his trans status.
“We're a nice boy-girl couple. We go to church together, we do community service together, we're the kind of couple conservatives want to see married,” Robin explained, smiling wryly.
There are only four U.S. states in which transgender men and women are prevented from changing the gender designation on their birth certificate. (According to Lambda Legal, the other three are Idaho, Kansas, and Ohio.) Some trans people in these states may be able to change the gender marker on other forms of identification, such as a driver's license, but the prohibition on changes to birth certificates can cause complications in many common situations where a birth certificate is the document most commonly used to establish U.S. citizenship, and it may be necessary in order to start a new job. While, in theory, the gender marked on a birth certificate is of historic interest only, in practice, gender mismatches between documents can lead to all sorts of bureaucratic headaches. Trans individuals whose paperwork does not “match” may open themselves up to discrimination or to suspicion of identity fraud. Until the June 26 Supreme Court decision, in Tennessee, the gender on a person's birth certificate determined whom they were and were not legally allowed to marry.
Among the four states that don't permit gender changes to birth certificates, Tennessee has the dubious distinction of being the only one that has written the ban into law. (The Tennessee Code states, “The sex of an individual will not be changed on the original certificate of birth as a result of sex change”). “Tennessee is the only state with a law against changing the gender on a birth certificate,” Marisa Richmond, a lobbyist for the Tennessee Transgender Political Coalition, explained in a phone interview. “The other states have policy bans only. We've had several attempts to repeal the ban, but so far we haven't passed it.”
Richmond's last point is a bit of an understatement. The Tennessee legislature is overwhelmingly Republican, and while there have been earlier attempts to introduce a bill repealing the statute, the TTPC currently lacks any sponsors for such an effort, as the sponsors they recruited in previous sessions have all lost their seats, Richmond tells me. It seems that in the current climate, the chances of changing this regressive law are pretty slim.
The upshot of all this is that, at least in Tennessee, “same-sex” marriage rights have also been a huge relief to the transgender community, many of whom could not get married otherwise. “People who could not get married at all can now marry because their birth certificate markers indicate they are the same sex as their partners,” said Bear Rodgers, founder and facilitator of KnoxBoyz & KnoxGirlz of East Tennessee, a support and advocacy organization for transgender individuals.
For Lee Owen, this development came with some mixed feelings. “It was really fun and cool to celebrate with everyone, and it's great that I don't have to base my decisions about marriage on [the legal status of trans people in Tennessee], but it was also really weird celebrating, because I don't think people even knew that it was a thing that would affect me personally,” he explained.
“It felt great, but it didn't feel like it was recognition for us,” added Lovett. Here's hoping that a fuller recognition of the needs of transgender Tennesseans is in the state's future.
Newest Galaxy Tablet Series connects you to your Galaxy and beyond
RIDGEFIELD PARK, N.J.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Samsung Electronics America, Inc. (Samsung) today announced the introduction of the new Galaxy Tab A™, delivering an assortment of benefits to better connect with people, entertainment, work and more. Featuring an extremely thin design, the Galaxy Tab A™ is a lightweight portable tablet for everyone in the family.
“This latest addition includes some of the best features of the Samsung Galaxy Tab series, while streamlining connectivity,” said Gary Riding, senior vice president, Mobile Computing at Samsung Electronics America. “The tablet will let users connect to everything that matters, from family members, friends and colleagues, to work and entertainment content, as well as other smart Samsung devices.”
The Galaxy Tab A™ is designed to fit seamlessly into your life through useful features, from letting kids learn in Kids Mode*, a fun and safe environment, to providing a personalized tablet experience in Multi User Mode. The Galaxy Tab A™ is the perfect fit for every member of your family both young and young-at-heart. Additionally, the tablet's 4:3 aspect ratio and Adaptive Display ensures the optimal viewing experience, automatically adjusting color gamut, contrast and sharpness to content on the screen -- making it a great tablet for reading, watching a movie or surfing the internet.
For those looking to create and connect with more, the Galaxy Tab A™ lets you do so with ease through a range of features. Multi Window allows for easy multitasking, and with Microsoft Office for Android you can review and save changes to Word, PowerPoint, and Excel on your tablet. Plus, with an additional 100 GB of storage on Microsoft OneDrive™, complimentary for two years, you can keep all of your favorite photos, videos and documents in one place. The Galaxy Tab A™ also comes loaded with a variety of Galaxy Essentials and Galaxy Gifts from the world's leading premium mobile content and service providers, available for free via download and chosen to make your experience with the device even more enjoyable. Additionally, Samsung's Milk Music™, a streaming radio service that's an instant and fun way to discover and play the music you want to hear, will come pre-loaded on the tablet.
Featuring a range of tools such as Quick Connect, SideSync® 4.0 and Smart Switch, the Galaxy Tab A™ makes it easier than ever to share your content across most Galaxy devices, while connecting and controlling your Samsung ecosystem.
Available for pre-order from major retailers and at Samsung.com starting today, Galaxy Tab A™ will be in stores nationwide, including Best Buy, HH Gregg and Amazon starting on May 1. Consumers will have the choice between the 8.0-inch Galaxy Tab A™ at $229.99 and the 9.7-inch version at $299.99 – both offered in White, Smoky Titanium and Smoky Blue. Additionally, a 9.7-inch Galaxy Tab A™ version in Smoky Titanium will include an S-Pen for $349.99 and will be available for sale starting May 17.
For more information, please visit www.samsung.com.
*Kids Mode downloadable from Samsung Galaxy Essentials
Tony Abbott is the true "inter-generational thief" for boosting fossil fuels at the expense of renewable energy, increasing the likelihood of Australians paying a big price from climate change, Greens leader Christine Milne said.
Both the Prime Minister and Treasurer Joe Hockey have based their budget sales pitch on the need to raise taxes and slash spending to rein-in future debt that had been projected to balloon above $600 billion without policy changes.
"We could not go on running up massive debts for our children and grandchildren to pay," Mr Abbott told ABC's Insiders on Sunday. "That would be a form of inter-generational theft."
Senator Milne, though, said the increases in subsidies for big miners – which rise by $720 million to almost $14 billion over the forward estimates – and efforts to promote more coal seam gas, coal mines and coal ports were the real form of "future theft".
The fate of our country won't be decided by a politician. It will be determined by a comedian.
Not long before Jon Stewart announced his Rally to Restore Sanity, he told a New York magazine writer why he and his crew on The Daily Show would never do something like that. "We're not activists," he said. "Maybe the nice thing about being a comedian is never having full belief in yourself to know the answer. So you can say all this stuff, but underneath, you're going, 'But of course, I'm f---ing idiotic.' It's why we don't lead a lot of marches."
Stewart's about-face is a risky move. Though something like 100,000 people quickly posted on the rally's Facebook page that they'd come, that's not the same thing as actually showing up on the National Mall on Oct. 30. The Web site Politico, a bellwether of Beltway groupthink, oblivious of saying exactly the kind of thing that Stewart loves to singe, predicted that the "media narrative" about Stewart's rally would depend on whether he musters a bigger crowd on the National Mall than Glenn Beck's Restoring Honor rally did.
But more than bragging rights about followers are at stake. Liberal-leaning Salon.com asked, "Have Stephen Colbert" -- convener of a dueling March to Keep Fear Alive -- "and Jon Stewart crossed the line?" Warning that "at a certain point even sarcasm jumps the shark," the writer -- who "would eat a bowl of broken glass just to touch the hem of Stewart or Colbert's pants" -- nevertheless cautioned that "it's tough to tread in the muck of parody and not wind up bearing an uncanny resemblance to the things we despise," and that unless the rally motivates a Democratic get-out-the-vote effort, it will be "a Comedy Central-fueled ego trip."
What made Stewart change his mind? Clever promotion for Earth (The Book), as Politico says "skeptics" will assume? I don't think so. Stewart's new book would likely have topped the New York Times best-seller list without it. Count me as one of those glass-eaters, too, but I suspect he set aside his fear of being "f---ing idiotic" because there's a bit of a rivalry going on between two Jon Stewarts, and one of them -- Sanityman -- was feeling his oats.
That Jon Stewart sounds a lot like the Obama who became a rock star by calling for an end to all the shouting and divisiveness: "We are not red states and blue states; we are the United States of America." This is the Stewart whose "call to reasonableness" maintains that our country's problems "have real, if imperfect, solutions that I believe 70 to 80 percent of our population could agree to try and could ultimately live with." What keeps those solutions out of reach is that the 70 to 80 percenters "have s--t to do," and lead normal lives, which means that, "unfortunately, the conversation and process is actually controlled by the other 15 to 20 percent."
When he announced the rally, to illustrate the 15-to-20-percenters, he rolled a montage of big mouths -- Chris Matthews, Sean Hannity, Alan Grayson, Newt Gingrich, Tea Party shouters and lots more. Tucked in among them, for only a couple of seconds toward the end, was Jon Stewart himself, backed up by a gospel choir, excerpted from a segment in which he told Bernie Goldberg and his Fox News colleagues, "Go f--- yourselves." Including his own cameo was his way of giving a sly shout-out to the other Jon Stewart, the take-no-prisoners host of The Daily Show. That Stewart -- Jugular Jon -- is the one who hammered Senator John "I-never-considered-myself-a-maverick" McCain for selling his soul, but it was Sanityman who asked Meghan McCain to give her dad a scented mash note making up.
Jugular Jon -- the one I have a man crush on -- isn't a knee-jerk partisan. He's plenty rough on Obama and Democrats when he thinks they deserve it, which is surprisingly often. Nor does he inhabit a bubble. He goes out of his way to invite the Mike Huckabees and Dick Armeys onto his show, the better to wipe the floor with them in person.
Now I'm all for civil discourse and the search for common ground. Sanityman is right: The noisy outliers in our nation make such terrific ratings bait, and politicians and bullies are so thoroughly reliant on wedge issues that polarize us, that when most people look in the media mirror, they don't see themselves. So it's great that reasonableness will get a few hours on the Mall, with Colbert's blowhard to spice up the picnic.
But I'll be bummed if Sanityman succeeds in throwing a wet blanket on Jugular Jon's fire. I'm not convinced that what we need now is Bipartisan Barack 2.0, and it appears that neither, thank goodness, is the president. I don't know if it's too late, but I'm glad the Obama who got played over and over again by his nihilistic opposition seems to be finding his voice again on the campaign trail.
I don't think there's an 80 percent consensus on anything in this country, unless it's stated so abstractly that you can carve it in marble. Sure, we all agree on fiscal responsibility, but today there's a divide, not confined to a bellicose fringe, on whether our progressive tax system actually amounts to redistributionist crypto-socialism. Everyone wants a clean environment and energy independence, but toss the idea of a stiff tax on gas into a sanity rally, or raise the prospect of tougher regulation, and the mellow would quickly curdle. These may seem to be differences about means, not ends, but they're really differences in our underlying beliefs about markets and governments, freedom and responsibility, me and we.
Kumbaya has become a synonym for naiveté not because it's a hippie relic, but because it trivializes the real -- not superficial or trumped-up -- fissures in our polity, and because it discounts the crippling dysfunctions of our system, like the place of money in politics and the tyranny of the filibustering minority. Yes, it's true, and grist for comedy, that most Americans -- unlike the whack jobs on cable -- have other things to do than politics, and it'll be a real up to see Normal Nation on the Mall. But dealing with the mess on our national hands will take nothing less than the kind of heroic local organizing we saw in 2008, including a massive remobilization of young people. It'll also take the sober realization that "enemy" is not so wrong a name for the billionaires whose fun at the casino wrecked, and almost destroyed, our economy, and for the oligarchs who pull the strings of their political and media puppets.
The host of The Daily Show -- the scorched-earth satirist who flays fools four nights a week -- knows that. Jon Stewart may be the best journalist on national TV in America, and if you won't give me "best," then I'll take "most necessary." I know, I know: It's ridiculous to lump reporters, columnists, network anchors, cable yakkers, comedians and the rest of the journalistic menagerie into the same category. Besides, Stewart insists that he's the fake anchor of a fake news show. But if you think of journalism as the fourth estate -- as a precious antidote to the poisoning of democracy -- then The Daily Show comes closest to the kind of public discourse we most need right now.
That's not because the show is uniquely satirical; Colbert, Saturday Night Live, Bill Maher and Letterman (not to mention South Park, The Simpsons, and Family Guy creator Seth MacFarlane) also do political satire, and often brilliantly. Nor is Stewart alone in being unafraid to make judgments or exert moral authority; MSNBC's anchors have skin in the game, too, and no one's more intellectually fearless than Bill Moyers. What's peerless about The Daily Show troupe is their craft, the way they construct arguments and use video. Their storytelling m.o. has rejuvenated -- transformed -- what news can be.
At its simplest, The Daily Show weapon of choice is the montage, the juxtaposition of today's footage with file footage. Getting away with hypocrisy depends on amnesia, but Google plus digital video search equals accountability. When the Republicans issued their Pledge to America last month, Stewart lethally skewered its "new ideas" hype by intercutting, word for word, John Boehner in 2010 spouting the exact same rhetoric as John Boehner in 1998. No wonder David Gregory showed that devastating clip when he had the pledge's spokesman, Congressman Mike Pence (R-Ind.), on Meet the Press the following Sunday. The mainstream media interview format is an inherently inconclusive he-said/he-said ritual posing as fact-finding. The Boehner montage was the question that answered itself.
One of The Daily Show's best-known deployments of video was Stewart's 2009 demolition of CNBC's Mad Money host, Jim Cramer. The thrill was that much of it happened in real time, with Cramer as a guest on the set. Stewart rolls tape of Cramer admitting to short selling when he was a hedge fund manager, and asks him, "What does that mean?
Cramer: I have been trying to reign-in short selling, trying to expose what really happens ... trying to get the regulators to look at it. ... Stewart: That's interesting. Roll 2:10. Cramer (in clip): I would encourage anyone in a hedge fund unit: Do it, because it's legal. It is a very quick way to make money, and very satisfying. By the way, no one else in the world would ever admit that, but I don't care.
When Cramer complains that insiders came on his show and lied to him, Stewart is ready with tape of Cramer saying, "You can't foment. You can't create, yourself, an impression that a stock's down. But you do it anyway, because the SEC doesn't understand it." Then Stewart shows Cramer demonstrating how to foment Apple stock.
Here's how Stewart ended the segment:
"I understand that you want to make finance entertaining, but it's not a f---ing game. When I watch that, I get, I can't tell you how angry that makes me because [what] it says to me is, 'You all know.' You all know what's going on ... and so now to pretend that this was some sort of crazy, once-in-a-lifetime tsunami that nobody could have seen coming is disingenuous at best and criminal at worst. ... These guys in these companies were on a Sherman's March through their companies financed by our 401(k)s, and all the incentives of their companies were for short-term profit. And they burnt the f---ing house down with our money, and walked away rich as hell, and you guys knew that was going on."
Now that's what I call sanity.
It's delicious when Stewart uses his targets' own logic to decimate them. When Fox & Friends played guilt-by-association to connect Imam Feisal Abdul Rauf with Hamas, the Muslim Brotherhood and Iran -- thus corroborating the claim by Fox's Dick Morris that Cordoba House "is literally a command center for terrorism" -- Stewart used the same paranoid reasoning (though with actual facts), and the same crackpot prop (an index card and yellow highlighter), to link scary-seeming Saudi Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal to Fox & Friends' own employer, Rupert Murdoch: Alwaleed is the second-largest shareholder in News Corp. outside the Murdoch family.
A few days later, on the same Fox & Friends couch, two former Bush administration spokespersons now on Fox's payroll, Dana Perino and Dan Senor, warned that the sinister Kingdom Foundation, which "funds radical madrassas" all over the world, was funding Imam Rauf. Why, Stewart asked, was the actual name of the evil head of the Kingdom Foundation not mentioned on the show? Perhaps because if they had identified him, anyone would have been able to Google up pictures of the Kingdom Foundation's director, Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal, shaking hands with Rupert Murdoch and holding hands with George W. Bush. Were Perino and Senor simply stupid and just didn't know that Alwaleed runs the Kingdom Foundation, or are they truly evil and suppressing a fact that didn't support their fear-mongering narrative? The ensuing debate between The Daily Show correspondents John Oliver and Wyatt Cenack, one wearing a T-shirt saying "TEAM STUPID," the other wearing "TEAM EVIL," capped a brilliant take-down of Fox that no "real" news network had the insight, wit or courage to produce.
During the 2008 campaign, Stewart showed footage of Dick Morris accusing Hillary Clinton of sexism, and then called Morris "a lying sack of s---." Is that Stewart necessary right now? Yes. The other Stewart, the one who wants Tea Partiers to come to his sanity rally because "we're not enemies, we're all working toward the same goals" -- is that who this moment cries out for? Not so much. Sometimes real righteousness is required -- not the hey-kids-let's-put-on-a-rally impishness that disses the gravitas of Stewart's fans, but the passion that honors the patriotism and stokes the fires of his flock.
In a Time online poll whose legitimacy it's easy to imagine him destroying, Jon Stewart was named "the most trusted man in America." Even in scientific polls, Americans rank him alongside the highly compensated broadcast network anchors whose audiences always dwarf his. Stewart has only 1.8 million viewers. But according to Pew research, they're more knowledgeable about current events than the audience of almost every other source of news. Some people are alarmed to hear that young people think they're getting real news from The Daily Show, that they're more likely to watch Stewart than, say, the PBS News Hour, or than to read the New York Times. Those are superb, equally essential custodians of sanity. Without them, and the other sources of information on all the platforms where people graze all day long, it would be much harder, maybe impossible, to get the jokes that Stewart tells. But people do get those jokes. Something's going right.
A few years back, a phenomenon called the "The Daily Show effect" migrated from the academic research that coined it to the larger national conversation. Social scientists were concerned that Stewart's relentless satire fostered cynicism in his viewers. It seems to me that those scholars misidentified the source of Americans' dyspeptic mistrust of our leaders. The conduct of politicians, and the bankrupt system that corrupts them, and the news media that cover the fate of American democracy as though it were a cheesy reality show: those are the real (and appropriate) sources of our cynicism. Sanity, and patriotism, spring from the sass of a Stewart, from the character Colbert plays, from the kids calling out the emperors' nakedness, and from all the citizens heading to the Mall on Oct. 30 filled with unironic, vulnerable, passionate last-ditch hope.
This meetup is posted across multiple groups so the RSVP count is correct! We are friends that met through meetups. We hang out on Sundays, and watch a movie. Join us!
Ignore the RSVP list on the sidebar to the right, check the bottom of this meetup description instead to see RSVPs across all meetup groups. A script automatically updates the +Number (guest #) next to my name according to RSVPs from all other meetup groups!
Please make sure to ring the right buzzer (102) and push the correct button (first floor) on the elevator, otherwise you'll bother my neighbors.
I'm charging $5 per person to cover expenses. It's non profit, click to see a breakdown of where your money goes. (http://www.samisfaction.com/breakdown)
===ABOUT THIS WEEK'S MOVIE===
Title: The Fugitive Genre: Action, Crime, Drama
Director:Andrew Davis Runtime: 2h 10min
Won 1 Oscar. Another 11 wins & 28 nominations.
IMDB: 7.8 RTCRITIC: 96% RTAUDIENCE: 89% METASCORE:88%
Description: Dr. Richard Kimble, unjustly accused of murdering his wife, must find the real killer while being the target of a nationwide manhunt.
Click to see the trailer, (this link was auto-generated so keep in mind some trailers are bad and make the movie look like crap) (http://imdb.com/title/tt0106977/trailers)
===IMPORTANT TIMES===
3:00pm: Meetup starts. Socializing and games till 7:00.
7:00pm: Movie begins.
9:10PM Movie ends (assuming no delays in starting).
~12:00pm: Meetup ends.
===EVENT DESCRIPTION===
70 " Screen with cinema-grade 6.1 stereo surround and a theater-style popcorn maker. No talking/discussions/comments allowed during the Movie. Meetup starts at 3:00. Movie starts at 7:00. You can arrive anytime you like. Before/after the movie we've played video games, board games, done group chatroulette, browsed funny videos...etc. whatever the group decides is fun that week we'll do. Bring Your Own Booze. Legally, I can't provide alcohol. Lemonade/popcorn will be provided (volunteer must help make it). Please bring your board games!
Check www.samisfaction.com (http://www.samisfaction.com/) or click the links for more info:
• Parking Information. (http://www.samisfaction.com/parking)
• House rules (banned if broken)
• How to join our group on whatsapp. (http://www.samisfaction.com/whatsapp)
• List of boardgames i have (http://www.samisfaction.com/boardgames)
Want to join our whatsapp chatroom? If you've attended one of my meetups, you can ask to join. Click here for instructions on how to join our whatsapp chatroom. (http://www.samisfaction.com/whatsapp)My number is (323)[masked] (you need this to join). Please let me know you've read the rules when joining.
=====POSSIBLE PIZZA=====
There may or may not be pizza depending on how many people come and when they show up. It involves some math: There could be no pizza, or 2 or 3 slices per person. Pizza MAY be served at ~6:00, if you arrive after 6, no pizza for you! (because I don't want to have to keep buying pizzas as more people come in!). And yes, it's still $5 even if you miss the pizza. I need a volunteer to pick it up (much cheaper than delivery), no volunteer no pizza.
=== ALLERGY CONSIDERATIONS ===
•I have a cat: I'm allergic to cats but she doesn't trigger my (and some of my friends) allergies but I thought you should know in case you're super allergic.
• I allow non-weed vape pens inside: Vaporizer smoke isn't smoke, it consists of food-safe flavoring, sometimes nicotine, and glycerin vapor which is the same stuff that is in halloween smoke makers. On the other hand, all cigarette/pot smoking happens outside on the balconywith the balcony door closed.
Any questions? Click this link. (http://www.samisfaction.com/faq) To preserve my sanity, i won't answer questions already answered in that link.
This meetup costs $5! 100% non-profit. Click here for a $ breakdown. (http://www.samisfaction.com/breakdown).
======== RVSPS FROM ALL MEETUPS ========
1. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .AlexWhite +1 Guest!
2. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .AlexWhite 's Guest
3. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Aman
4. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Amit
5. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .AmyJessica
6. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Angelo
7. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Anna
8. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Arlana
9. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .BarbaraSternig
10. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .BillyHernandez
11. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Brian
12. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Charles
13. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .CharlesCurry
14. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Cindy
15. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .DavidJCiup
16. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .DominicZenon
17. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Donna
18. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Edward
19. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Erika
20. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .George
21. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .IanSullivan
22. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .IsaiahGalarza
23. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Javy
24. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .JeanineBeaudry
25. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .JessieChen
26. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Josh
27. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .JunRim
28. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .KateM
29. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .KrishnaSumanth
30. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Lorene
31. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .LouisHicks
32. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .MarcellaLeath
33. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .MarkRad
34. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .MerylBranch-McTiernan
35. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Meytal
36. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .MilaQu
37. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .NinaLi
38. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .PatrickMatthews
39. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .RichardLutz
40. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .RmaxGoodwin
41. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .RobertBridges
42. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Ryan
43. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Sam
44. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .ScottSalyer
45. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .ShrutiLal
46. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .SyaCarmin
47. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .WilliamRamirez
48. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Zaira
49. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .brandydasilva
50. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .carlosmontes
51. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .davidkim
52. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .tom
53. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .wendy
54-62 are spots reserved for my friends that dont RSVP.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Motorists are being warned to avoid Birmingham city centre when demolition work on the old Central Library begins next month.
The full impact of the massive Paradise development has only this week been revealed as officials warned of major disruption.
Work on the £500 million project will step up a gear, leading to junction closures at Paradise Circus and the removal of the gyratory system - prompting warnings of severe delays.
City council traffic manager Kevin Hicks said: "We want to get the message out that this is a place to avoid."
The warning follows motoring misery which has already gripped Birmingham this year with M6 junction shutdowns and a huge programme of city streets being dug up for works.
Now major new diversions will be created around the Paradise Circus island and buses re-routed (see maps above and below)
City transport bosses are urging commuters to use public transport or reschedule their trips to less busy times of day to avoid sitting in lengthy queues.
As well as pulling down the Brutalist 1970s library, work will also begin on new traffic light junctions to replace the Paradise Circus gyratory.
A summary of the planned works and their impact from May 10 to November is below:
- Paradise Circus will no longer operate as a circular road system. The northern link will be closed
- From Holliday Street and Suffolk Street Queensway, northbound traffic will have no access to the A38 South and the Town Hall car park
- From Great Charles Street traffic routes to the A38 South, Broad Street and Town Hall will be open as usual
- Sand Pits and Parade will be closed to all inbound and outbound traffic
- Vehicle access on Broad Street restricted from Bridge Street to buses and Hackney Carriages only for traffic into city
- Summer Row works continue with temporary restrictions
- The following bus routes will be diverted - 82, 83, 87, 89, 10H and 126
Council traffic manager Kevin Hicks said: "We want to get the message out that this is a place to avoid unless you need to access the immediate area such as the Jewellery Quarter.
"The works programme has been developed to keep disruption to a minimum. However, the scale of these activities means that impact on traffic flows, particularly at peak rush hour times is inevitable."
He said the council recognised there was other work taking place throughout the city, including at the M6 junctions, but added it could not wait.
"We have several major projects which are important to this city coming through over the next three to five years and that presents a challenge to us," he added.
"But we cannot run these one after the other or else we would still be here for the next 25 years."
Although work on New Street station is due to end this year, further developments will soon be under way including the extension of the Midland Metro to Centenary Square, Arena Central and, further ahead, work on the Smithfield development on the site of the Wholesale Markets.
Following demolition of the Central Library, developer Argent and Hermes will start work on two new office blocks overlooking Chamberlain Square.
Detailed planning permission is due to be submitted shortly and these are set to be finished during 2018.
Manager of the Broad Street Business Improvement District Mike Olley praised the developer and city council for its co-operation.
He said: "You can't make an omelette without breaking a few eggs and this will be a particularly nice omelette when it is finished. We are going to have a wonderful city centre at the end of this, businesses recognise they have got to do this."
He said the closure of the end of Broad Street earlier this year, diverting traffic along Bridge Street, had helped get commuters "into the mindset" something major was taking place and added the developer had been very sensitive to the needs of businesses and got it "mostly right".
Project director Rob Groves said the old library was being stripped out ready for demolition proper.
"People will be able to see the library being demolished starting at the end of June, beginning of July. It will be a lengthy process," he added.
He said a new pedestrian walkway route linking Chamberlain and Centenary squares would also be put in place in June.
"There will be a walkway open throughout the development," he added.
** Details of the road closures are on display at 77 Paradise Circus until April 18.
CIA torture and the threat of dictatorship
3 April 2014
Only one conclusion can be drawn from the report published in the Washington Post Tuesday giving grisly details of CIA torture of prisoners and systematic lying by government officials to cover it up: the US ruling elite as a whole is guilty of war crimes for which it must be held accountable.
The Post report, based on leaks from unnamed “US officials,” describes the findings of the Senate Intelligence Committee's investigation into the operation of CIA “black sites”—the secret prisons in Afghanistan, Poland, Romania, Thailand and other countries where prisoners were held for “interrogation,” i.e., waterboarding, sleep deprivation, beatings, stress positions, induced hypothermia and other forms of torture.
The article provides only a brief extract of the material compiled in the massive committee report, which the CIA has been fighting for more than a year to suppress. On Thursday, the Senate committee is expected to vote to seek the declassification and publication of a 400-page executive summary.
The bulk of the report, which runs to 6,300 pages, is never to be made public, according to both Democrats and Republicans on the Senate panel. The Post article describes its text as divided into three volumes, one giving a full chronology of the secret interrogations, a second contrasting what CIA officials said about the program with what they knew was really happening, and a third giving a detailed accounting of nearly all of the roughly 100 prisoners held at “black sites” between 2002 and 2006.
According to a McClatchy News Service follow-up to the Post report, more than half of the 100 prisoners were subjected to some form of torture, and as many as five died during interrogation. These included Gul Rahman, who died of hypothermia after being doused with freezing water and then left in a cold cell with only a scrap of clothing, and Manadal al Jamadi, who died after his head was wrapped in a plastic bag and he was hung on a wall crucifixion-style.
What the report describes is not “excess” or the actions of “rogue” individuals, but a systematic, organized, fully authorized program, endorsed by President George W. Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney. The cover-up, in turn, continues to this day, with the active involvement of the Obama administration, implicating top officials up to and including the president. Directly involved is CIA Director John Brennan—a former top aide in the Obama White House and official in the Bush administration.
After initial reports of the torture program began to surface, despite the best efforts of the American media to cover it up, the Bush administration officially declared it over. The prisoners in CIA cells were transferred either to Guantanamo or to the prisons and torture chambers of their countries of origin (Egypt, Saudi Arabia, etc.).
Obama ordered an end to waterboarding and other forms of torture in 2009, while blocking any prosecution of the agents and officials responsible for the torture program. This was part of a shift in tactics against suspected Islamist militants, from detention and interrogation to extermination by drone-fired missile.
All these methods of state brutality and murder are illegal under international law and the Geneva Conventions, as well as in violation of the US Constitution and laws prohibiting torture and assassination. These are not blemishes on an otherwise healthy military-intelligence apparatus, but the products of a depraved and deeply criminal American ruling class.
The Washington political establishment consists largely of those who have ordered murder and torture, those who facilitate, enable and cover up for murder and torture, and those who draft legal rationales and media apologias for the first two groups.
Overseeing this entire political apparatus is an intelligence agency that operates outside any legal constraint, a fact revealed by the systematic efforts of the CIA to block the release of the torture report. The agency went so far as to spy on the Senate Intelligence Committee itself, as revealed by committee chair Dianne Feinstein last month. Speaking on the floor of the Senate, Feinstein accused the agency of violating “the separation-of-powers principle embodied in the United State Constitution.” She further accused the CIA of violating “the Fourth Amendment, the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, as well as Executive Order 12333, which prohibits the CIA from conducting domestic searches or surveillance.”
Feinstein went on to charge the CIA with attempting to intimidate her committee and override the principle of congressional oversight of the executive branch—implicitly accusing the CIA of attacking the constitutional foundations of the United States.
Feinstein is not a principled opponent of the crimes of the intelligence apparatus. She is among the most adamant defenders of the illegal surveillance of telecommunications and the Internet by the National Security Agency, as exposed by Edward Snowden. She has refused to elaborate on her criticism of the CIA since her Senate speech and collaborates closely with both the intelligence agencies and the Obama White House.
No different are the liberal “critics” of the NSA program within the Democratic Party, such as senators Ron Wyden and Mark Udall, who sit on the Intelligence Committee. Both hailed the cosmetic changes to the NSA collection of telephone metadata announced last week by the Obama administration. They are concerned not that these police state methods threaten democratic rights, but that the Snowden exposures are generating a powerful and growing opposition from the American people.
No section of the American ruling elite will lift a finger to defend democratic rights. That is because their own class interests are at stake. The fundamental driving force of the police-state buildup is the colossal growth of social inequality. In the final analysis, a relative handful of multi-millionaires and billionaires can maintain their wealth and privileged position against the masses only through methods of political dictatorship and state repression.
Among the revelations contained in the Senate report is the fact that the CIA repeatedly lied about the results of the torture, falsely claiming that it produced information that prevented terrorist attacks. What then, is the real motivation behind the torture programs? It is the establishment of a system of illegal repression directed at all opposition to the policies of the American ruling class—above all, within the United States itself.
The defense of democratic rights, in the United States and every other country, depends on the political mobilization of the working class, the most powerful social force. This requires the building of a mass political party of the working class, based on a socialist and internationalist program.
Patrick Martin
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
We believe kids are the most creative people on the planet...
...which is why we're bringing the most empowering creation technology to them!
Toys such as Lincoln Logs, Tinker Toys, Legos, and K'nex have been at the center of children's playrooms for generations. But what about now? In a digital age, when technology skills are some of the most important a child can learn, is there a way to bridge the gap between the screen and the physical world? Now there is. 3D printing is tailor-made for today's curious, tech-savvy kids. And that's why we've made Printeer.
Printeer is for today's kids, tomorrow's engineers & designers
Unlike other 3D printers, using Printeer doesn't require advanced technical or engineering skills. For starters, you don't need to learn CAD (computer aided design) software, a professional-grade tool that is required to generate the 3D designs used by other 3D printers.
Printeer design software is different in the following ways:
It runs on iPad, a platform most kids are more comfortable with than a PC.
It can be learned in about 30 seconds.
It doesn't require any intermediate steps between design and 3D printing.
No PC, no complex software, no fancy configuration settings.
Just touch the "print" button and watch it go.
Perfect for the home, classroom, and beyond
Printeer is easy to use, fun for people of all ages, and safe for children with adult supervision. Printeer is perfect for:
Homes with elementary, middle, or high-school aged children
Science, art, math, or technology classrooms
Community centers or libraries
Science, art, or children's museums
Scouting troops
Summer camps
After school programs or daycares
Your next family gathering
We are already working with schools and educators
Educators understand the importance of technology skills, and so do we. We've already partnered with local schools in California to bring Printeer to after-school programs and in-classroom demos. As a local junior high principal recently told us, "Learning technology is a matter of exposure." All kids can learn technology, and the first step is gaining access to that technology.
Our hope is that through this Kickstarter campaign, Printeers will find their ways into schools we've never heard of, in towns and cities across the country. We are committed to bringing this technology into the classroom and eager to engage with passionate parents and educators to make it happen.
Printeer is designed to be both safe and educational
We designed Printeer from the ground up for kids and K-12 education:
A clear case prevents accidental contact with heated or moving parts.
A removable build platform allows finished parts to be easily removed.
Printeer uses PLA plastic filament, which is non-toxic and emits about 1/10th the ultra-fine particles of ABS plastic filament. (The same particulate emission as cooking food on low heat.)
Moving parts are visible so that kids can see how motors, pulleys, belts, and sliders work together to move a complex machine.
Printeer technical specs
Exterior dimensions: 16 inch (406 mm) wide x 9 inch (229 mm) deep x 12 inch (305 mm) high
Build volume: 6 inch (150 mm) wide x 4 inch (100 mm) deep x 5 inch (125 mm) high
Material: PLA plastic 1.75 mm filament
Weight: 12 lbs (5.5 kg)
Fully enclosed
Removable print bed
Auto bed leveling
Wireless access
Spool capacity: 1 lb (0.45 kg) of filament
Built using a variety of open-source software & hardware
Production
We are ready to begin mass-producing Printeer immediately upon reaching our funding goal. While our production space may look like a garage from the outside, it is a bona fide miniature factory on the inside. Printeer is made in 15 assembly stations, each color-coded and mapped with clear inputs and outputs. Our assembly process uses lean manufacturing methods and the Kanban logistics systems, originally pioneered by Toyota, to minimize waste and ensure efficient use of resources. We are serious about producing high quality products, and that begins with professionalism and attention to detail in our manufacturing.
Team
Printeer is made by Mission Street Manufacturing, a small startup based in Santa Barbara, California. Our co-founders, Brian and Gabe, are former graduate students at MIT and University of Chicago, who set aside their graduate studies to bring to life their vision of accessible, educational 3D printing. Since then, two full-time engineers and a dozen part-time interns have joined the team to make Printeer what it is today.
While Printeer is Brian and Gabe's first consumer product, it is far from their first joint venture. The duo met in 6th grade and were science project partners for two year-long, award-winning projects in middle and high school. Gabe and Brian believe that Printeer is the ultimate tool for the curious and creative kids they used to be.
Full-time team members:
Brian Jaffe - BSE Mechanical & Aerospace Engineering, Princeton University. MBA candidate (on leave of absence), MIT. Former Lieutenant, United States Navy.
Gabe Rosenhouse - BA Mathematics, University of Chicago. PhD candidate in Neuroscience, University of Chicago.
Joe Kimmel - BA Computer Science, Oberlin College. BM Music Composition, Oberlin Conservatory. MS Neuroscience, University of Chicago. Former software engineer, Narrative Science.
Joe Marino - BS, MS (graduating from June 2014) Mechanical Engineering, Cal Poly, San Luis Obispo.
World's best interns (past & present):
Nathan H - Software
John X - Software
Tai R - Software
Kira G - Software
Mischa LN - Software
Ilona B - Software
Nora H - Software
Claude B - Business Development
Jess T - Marketing
Chris M - Hardware
Alex H - Hardware
Brianna D - Hardware
Kalina B - Hardware
Kelly R - Hardware
Giulia C - Hardware
2013 intern crew
It all starts here in our garage
We aim to bring 3D printing to kids and schools across the globe. We are also committed to smart, sustainable growth. This is why we plan to make our first production run right here in our garage, where we can maintain a tight feedback loop between engineering and manufacturing. We sleep fifty feet from our production line. When you're that close to a product, you can't help but bring 100% of your passion into making it right.
Why we need you
We are a small team with a large vision, and we need your help to make it a reality. By joining us in this endeavor - by supporting this project, spreading the word, reaching out with new ideas, and introducing us to new partners - together we can bring 3D printing to a whole new generation of creative people. We are honored by and grateful for all your support.
Requests from government agencies for Australian telecommunications customers' phone, internet, and address data surpassed 500,000 in the last financial year, according to the Australian Communications and Media Authority (ACMA).
The figure was revealed in the ACMA's annual report (PDF) released this month. It says that there were 563,012 authorisations granted to government agencies for access to telecommunications "metadata" in the 2013-14 financial year.
Under the Telecommunications (Interception and Access) Act, government agencies can force telecommunications companies to hand over details about their customers, including address, phone number, IP address, call data, SMS data, and other held information without a warrant for the purpose of enforcing the law.
The ACMA recorded that total disclosures amounted to 748,079 for the financial year including to law enforcement for a range of reasons, such as to avert a threat to life, assist the ACMA, or enforce the criminal law of a foreign country.
The number of requests by far exceeds the more than 300,000 requests made in the 2012-13 financial year reported by the Attorney-General's Department in its Telecommunications (Interception and Access) report last year. The report for this year has yet to be tabled in parliament.
A spokesperson for the Attorney-General's Department had not responded to a request for comment on the disparity at the time of writing; however, security agencies such as the Australian Security and Intelligence Organisation (ASIO) are not required to publicly report the number of metadata access requests they make.
The department told The Guardian that the difference between the two figures was due to the department only counting the authorisation for a particular person's details. So if the request is made to multiple telcos for that one person's information, the access request is only counted as one from that particular government agency. The ACMA has compiled its report based on data from the telcos themselves, leading to the higher figure.
It comes as Attorney-General George Brandis is moving to introduce legislation that would force the telecommunications companies to retain data the agencies desire for two years. The exact data set is, at this stage, not yet known, but Brandis has said that the set will be outlined in the legislation rumoured to be introduced into parliament in the next few weeks.
The rumours of the government's plan to rush the legislation into parliament has been criticised by the telecommunications representative group, the Communications Alliance, with CEO John Stanton stating that negotiations between the carriers and the government still have "a long way to go".
"It scared the hell out of me, because when I look at where it appears to me to be at, at the moment, the notion that they could bring forward legislation in two weeks from now ... it appears to me unlikely, but if they do, I am scared about the process by which they get to that point," Stanton said in early October.
Libertarian Presidential nominee Gary Johnson has been gaining support from voters who formerly supported Bernie Sanders. Frustrated and disappointed with the democratic nomination of Hillary Clinton, some Bernie supporters have now come out in favor of Johnson because of one key issue. Johnson, the former Governor of New Mexico, says he would completely legalize cannabis if elected.
Johnson has never been shy about his support for legalization and has a solid track record of opposing the war on drugs. In an interview with CNBC, Johnson explains his past use of medical cannabis after a paragliding accident left him in agony. Due to his aversion to painkillers, Johnson sought an alternative in medical cannabis, telling reporters: “I think that it (medical marijuana) absolutely helped me through this period that was really, really difficult.”
As president, Johnson says he would nominate a surgeon general to reschedule cannabis from its current classification of as a Schedule I narcotic that has no medicinal value. This would open the door for much-needed medical marijuana research. Because Johnson is a chief executive of a cannabis company, some have questioned his motives in supporting cannabis legalization. When asked if his stance on legal cannabis was ‘just a ploy to increase his portfolio', Johnson said it was not.
“No. Not in any way,” he said. “The fact that I got to be the CEO of a publicly traded company in the marijuana space, that was something that was completely unexpected. But very quickly, marijuana products medicinally compete with legal prescription drugs that statistically kill 100,000 people a year. There's not been one documented death due to marijuana.”
Johnson went on to tell CNBC that the Republican Party was dying, coinciding with the rise and popularity of GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump. Along with courting Bernie supporters and other democrats, the former governor also aims to appeal to republican voters who align closely with his ‘fiscally conservative, socially liberal' philosophy. Many U.S. voters are fed up with the corrupt, two-party system and are seeking to support a third party, which explains Johnson's rise in popularity and that of Green Party candidate Jill Stein.
Johnson is doing decently in polls, which could earn him a spot in the presidential debates. Why should the presidential debates be limited to two parties? What do you think? Does Johnson deserve a spot in the debates? Are you a former Bernie supporter that now supports the libertarian candidate?
The Toronto Maple Leafs have authored an epic late season collapse. Losers of their last eight games, the Maple Leafs have gone from a team eyeing home-ice advantage to a desperate club unlikely to qualify for the postseason, in the blink of an eye.
The club's epic struggles in the latter half of March could ultimately cost head coach Randy Carlyle his job, to hear TSN's Bob McKenzie tell it. Here's how McKenzie's summarized Carlyle's situation on an Insider Trading segment broadcast on TSN Tuesday evening:
If the Toronto Maple Leafs miss the playoffs and they're certainly trending in that direction, the expectation is that Randy Carlyle is most vulnerable and the most likely to pay the price. General manager Dave Nonis has never fired a coach in his tenure in Toronto and he never hired Randy Carlyle - that was a Brian Burke hire. The sense seems to be that if the masses are crying for somebody's head it would more likely be Carlyle's than anyone else's.
McKenzie's colleague Darren Dreger added that MLSE CEO Tim Leiweke is something of a "wild card" in the internal evaluations likely to take place at seasons end:
Leiweke says there will be no knee jerk decision between now and the end of the regular season, which obviously isn't that far away. (Leiweke is) also well schooled on the long-term plans of the general manager, Dave Nonis, and Tim Leiweke is often around the players as well. So if there are improvements the players feel need to be made, then he's going to know that, and he'll be heavily involved in the review process.
Dreger also suggested that Carlyle "is likely to be fired" during an appearance on TSN Radio 1050 in Toronto on Tuesday evening.
By Ian Dunt Follow @IanDunt and Alex Stevenson Follow @alex__stevenson
The high court overturned the prisoner book ban today, in a humiliating ruling for justice secretary Chris Grayling.
The ban, which was originally reported by Politics.co.uk, barred prisoners from being sent books in parcels as part of a tough incentive and Earned Privileges scheme.
The policy must now be amended so that it excludes prisoners receiving books from friends and family.
In a damning judgement, Mr Justice Collins said that as far as books are concerned, "to refer to them as a privilege is strange".
He also criticised Grayling for the "absurd" rules of the IEP and said his public comments about the controversy were "misleading".
Prisoner book ban judgement: Grayling's views found to be 'absurd' and 'strange'
The Ministry of Justice claimed that there remained adequate access to prison libraries and that prisoners could buy books with their own money, but that argument was rejected by the court.
It heard that prisoners often earn as little as £2.50 a week, from which they must also pay for toiletries and amenities.
Libraries are often hard to access because cuts to prison officer staffing levels leave few available to walk inmates to them. They are also often inadequately stocked.
"I see no good reason in the light of the importance of books for prisoners to restrict beyond what is required by volumetric control and reasonable measures relating to frequency of parcels and security considerations," the judge said.
The policy must now be amended so that it excludes prisoners receiving books from friends and family.
"The ban on sending books to prisoners was always an absurd policy," shadow justice secretary Sadiq Khan said.
"It had nothing to do with punishing and reforming prisoners but was an example of David Cameron's government's sloppy policy making.
"This is a victory for all those who campaigned against the ban and the government should abandon the ludicrous policy with immediate effect."
In his damning judgement, Mr Justice Collins said that as far as books are concerned, "to refer to them as a privilege is strange".
"We now call on the Ministry of Justice to relax the ban on sending in parcels completely so that prisoners can receive essentials such as underwear and small gifts from their children," the Howard League for Penal Reform's chief executive Frances Crook said.
"This would help to alleviate distress in prisons at a time when they are in crisis."
She suggested better access to books could "literally save a life" as prisoners face three weeks of virtual lockdown over Christmas.
"The government should overturn the restrictions with immediate effect," English PEN director Jo Glanville commented.
"Its reluctance to address the issue, despite the public outcry and support of leading authors over the past year, has been short-sighted and self-defeating."
Lawyers pointed out that the case would have been much harder to bring if Grayling had already forced through his changes to judicial review, which return to the Lords next Tuesday.
Even under the current rules, there was no legal aid available and lawyers acted pro bono.
The four people challenging the prisoner book ban were vastly outnumbered by the MoJ's legal team, which had solicitors, barristers and plenty of civil servants to back them up.
Shadow justice minister Andy Slaughter said: "Labour have pledged to reverse the prisoner book ban and now it looks like the High court agree. Grayling's attempt to put obstacles in the way of prisoners being able to read books has been exposed as ludicrous.
"This is another case of the government being beaten in the courts with judicial review. No wonder that last Monday coalition MPs voted to effectively neuter it."
One of the themes of the case was that if people knew the full state of affairs in prisons they'd be angrier than they already are. For instance, women are only allowed seven pieces of bras and underwear. This type of arbitrary pointless restriction was a constant feature of the trial.
But the case turned on whether the policy did what it was intended to do. If a policy is introduced with a purpose and it does not meet that purpose, a previous case from 1968 against the minister for agriculture, fisheries and food provides the precedent for judges to make an unlawful ruling.
That is what happened today. Mr Justice Collins found the "virtual ban" was unlawful because it contradicted Grayling's public comments about the importance of books being useful for education and rehabilitation.
The Prison Service said it viewed the judgement as "surprising".
"There never was a specific ban on books and the restrictions on parcels have been in existence across most of the prison estate for many years and for very good reason," a spokesperson said.
"Prisoners have access to the same public library service as the rest of us, and can buy books through the prison shop.
"We are considering how best to fulfil the ruling of the court. However, we are clear that we will not do anything that would create a new conduit for smuggling drugs and extremist materials into our prisons."
Share this with your friends
PHOTO: ‘Resettled Farm Child' Dorothea Lange, 1935
Trigger Warning: This article discusses self-harm, suicide, and bullying.
If you've met me in person, you might not realize that I suffer from severe, chronic depression. Depending on what I've worn, you might not think someone so outgoing and openly dorky could possibly be hurting. If you've only read my writing, then you've only seen the confident, self-reliant side of myself I show to the public. Let me remove my digital cardigan and disabuse you of your assumptions.
I was bullied mercilessly as a child. When I wasn't isolated and alone, I was being picked on. I was bullied at Girl Scouts, at camp, during sports, during bell choir practice, and everywhere else I had to interact with my age peers. No one, not a single adult, ever stepped in to help me.
When I was nine years old, I tried to kill myself. I failed, and I told no one. When I got to high school, I cut my hair off and started dressing in black. The costume kept most bullies away, but it also ensured that I was still on the outside, looking in. The depression stayed no matter how my social situation changed.
I started cutting myself when I was fourteen and it escalated quickly. I dove into it with the same drive and enthusiasm that I feel for all new things. People found out, so I got smarter about where I did it. I picked places not even my cheerleading uniform exposed: under my breasts, on my feet and ankles.
During my academic career, I was an honors student, a student athlete, a member of student government, the honors society, and the school newspaper. I was also flirting with suicide regularly. I would take handfuls of Tylenol PM at night without telling anyone. I cut my wrists carefully with a special blade, exposing the pulsing blue vein but falling short of severing it. I cut other places over and over, using blood loss as a sleep aid because little else worked.
I tried therapy. My therapists have, in no particular order: refused to talk about anything but my illiterate father, touched my knee and told me I was pretty, fallen asleep with their nose hair whistling while I was talking, asked a 16-year old me to explain both Wicca and bisexuality because she didn't know what they were, and lectured me about drinking for a full session when I came in upset that a guy had slept with me when I was passing-out drunk. Therapy sucked, and I didn't have the emotional tenacity to try to find a decent therapist in this city anymore.
I tried a half-dozen antidepressants and even some herbs. They sucked too. Worse, I couldn't write when I took them. I felt like a zombie all day. I gave up on those, too.
In college, I gave up on helping myself and focused on keeping other people from noticing. Given that I balanced 17 or more credit hours with working to support myself during college and kept my GPA high enough to retain my full-tuition academic scholarship all four years of school, I'd say I was pretty good at it.
Still, a writing professor seemed to see through my careful, confident facade. On the day I graduated, she pulled me aside and none too subtly implied I should look into smoking pot.
I'd tried weed a few times, but it wasn't really my thing. My ex was a total stoner. She seemed to embody the stereotype of the flighty, lazy pothead. My friends who starting smoking during high school could barely remember it just four years later. I had honestly bought the brain damage line for years and hearing a smart woman that I respected admit to using cannabis daily in her past absolutely blew my mind.
It turns out cannabis is a lot like antidepressants. You have to let it build up in your system by using it regularly for several weeks, maybe even a month, before you have totally acclimated to it and can fully function. In time, I went from a couch-locked (but happy) lump to a more productive, less-neurotic version of myself. I could finally talk with someone pleasantly and not wake up later that night thinking about something I said wrong. If people are aware I'm using cannabis, it also makes them more tolerant of my dorky bubbliness.
Cannabis can also be like Xanax, famous for being fast-acting in cases of panic attacks. If I am starting to lose my grip, a few puffs over a couple of minutes will have me calm and rational again. Unlike Xanax, however, one cannot fatally overdose on cannabis.
Of course, I live in Michigan, which is just now, five years in, considering adding PTSD to the list of conditions people can legally treat with cannabis. Thankfully, my carpal tunnel, cheerleading-related disc injury to my spine, lower back pain, and joint problems in my hips, and their impact on my daily life and ability to sleep qualify me for medical cannabis under Michigan state law.
I told the certification doctor that I was using cannabis to help with my pain but also for my depression, anxiety, and insomnia. For his part, he expressed frustration that mental health issues are not qualifying conditions. How many people like me without serious injuries get turned away from the medical marijuana program?
In America, untreated mental illness is a serious concern. Studies indicate that uninsured people with mental illness (like me) may go untreated or undertreated at a rate of nearly 90%. Worse, estimates from some organizations show that at least 10% of the United States' murders are likely a direct result of these untreated conditions.
For a long time, people explaining statistics on cannabis users claimed that the higher rate of self-reported depression in users indicated that cannabis causes or exacerbates depression. However, closer review has shown that it is likely those with depression or mental illness are more likely to seek out cannabis for self-medicating.
Scientists have pretty thoroughly debunked the idea that the correlation between cannabis use and high incidence of mental illness is somehow causative. There's no proof that when more people smoke pot, more people develop mental illness.
In fact, more recent studies have shown that cannabis users report lower rates of severe depression symptoms. They also indicate that cannabis may help with more than overall mood regulation. A report last year indicated cannabis may be more effective than heavy-duty medications at reducing or eliminating severe symptoms associated with PTSD, such as stress, flashbacks, insomnia, and anxiety. Even more incredible is that suicide rates appear to drop significantly in male populations in places where medical cannabis is accessible and in people diagnosed with psychiatric disorders who use cannabis regularly.
Because paperwork and appointments can be difficult or impossible for people with mental illness, and because cannabis use poses so little risk to individuals and society, it is clear to me that the best thing America can do to treat its silent mental illness epidemic is legalized cannabis for all adults. That way anyone suffering, even the undiagnosed, can know the relief and calm cannabis has provided me and countless other like me.
Vic Bishop, Staff Writer
Waking Times
We are fast approaching the technological and political realization of George Orwell's dystopian promise for humanity. In the classic work 1984, Orwell describes a tightly controlled future where technocratic elites have stamped out individualism with total information awareness and total surveillance from the home, to the office, to the street.
“There was of course no way of knowing whether you were being watched at any given moment. How often, or on what system, the Thought Police plugged in on any individual wire was guesswork. It was even conceivable that they watched everybody all the time. But at any rate they could plug in your wire whenever the wanted to. You had to live- did live, from habit that became instinct- in the assumption that every sound you made was overheard, and, except in darkness, every movement scrutinized.” ~ George Orwell, 1984
As consumers sheepishly allow smart devices into their homes, real time audio and video of personal space is being uploaded to the web for use by corporations and government. The encroachment into the home with this two-way monitoring is unsettling, but for years new we have been witnessing the explosion of CCTV cameras on the streets of major cities around the world.
Now, couple CCTV cameras with artificial intelligence enhanced facial recognition technology and you have precisely what Orwell warned us of.
A recent BBC expose into the network of facial recognition CCTV cameras in China's biggest, Beijing, shows us just how effective this network is identifying, tracking, and interdicting any targeted or wanted individual within minutes. This is in a city with a whopping 21.5 million residents.
This is all the more unnerving when you factor in China's progress in developing a system of ranking individuals based on a citizen score linking social media and big data to create a digital caste system for human beings. Something akin to a credit score showing your loyalty to the state.
This vision is put into words here by Wired Magazine:
“Imagine a world where many of your daily activities were constantly monitored and evaluated: what you buy at the shops and online; where you are at any given time; who your friends are and how you interact with them; how many hours you spend watching content or playing video games; and what bills and taxes you pay (or not). It's not hard to picture, because most of that already happens, thanks to all those data-collecting behemoths like Google, Facebook and Instagram or health-tracking apps such as Fitbit. But now imagine a system where all these behaviours are rated as either positive or negative and distilled into a single number, according to rules set by the government. That would create your Citizen Score and it would tell everyone whether or not you were trustworthy. Plus, your rating would be publicly ranked against that of the entire population and used to determine your eligibility for a mortgage or a job, where your children can go to school – or even just your chances of getting a date.” [Source]
Is this the model for the rest of world?
Take a look at how this system works, then ask yourself if you are ready to submit to living in a world where your every move is tracked and databased by an all-seeing government security apparatus.
Read more articles by Vic Bishop.
About the Author
Vic Bishop is a staff writer for WakingTimes.com and OffgridOutpost.com Survival Tips blog. He is an observer of people, animals, nature, and he loves to ponder the connection and relationship between them all. A believer in always striving to becoming self-sufficient and free from the matrix, please track him down on Facebook.
This article (Orwell's Dystopian CCTV Surveillance State Comes to Life in China – Who's Next?) was originally created and published by Waking Times and is published here under a Creative Commons license with attribution to Vic Bishop and WakingTimes.com. It may be re-posted freely with proper attribution, author bio, and this copyright statement. Please contact WakingTimes@gmail.com for more info.
Joaquin Phoenix Says "I'm Done", Quits Acting
Oscar nominated actorhas ventured behind the camera, directed music videos, produced movies and television shows and has recorded an album, the sound track to Walk the Line. He has announced that Two Lovers will be his final film. He's quitting acting.
He played Johnny Cash in the 2005 film Walk the Line and was nominated for six awards and won three, including a Golden Globe, and a Grammy. He won a People's Choice award for his 2007 role in We Own the Night.
At the Paul Newman benefit, he told Extra's Jerry Penacole, "I want to take this opportunity to give you the exclusive that this is my last performance as an actor. I'm not doing films anymore." Penacole said, "Are you serious?" Phoenix responded, "Yeah, I'm working on my music. I'm done."
Casey Affleck was with Phoenix during this exchange with the Extra reporter. Penacole asked him, "I take it that he's kidding." Affleck said, "I don't think he's kidding. He's got music and stuff." Extra called Phoenix' rep to verify the story. His response was, "That's what he told me."
The actor is recording an album with Tim Burgess, lead singer of The Charlatans. Phoenix wrote the songs that will be sung by Anthony Langdon.
Joaquin's brother River Phoenix died of a drug overdose in 1993 outside The Viper Room, a nightclub owned by Johnny Depp. The 911 tape recording of Joaquin calling for help was played over the air waves in a steady stream that sent the actor out of the public eye for over a year before he was coaxed back into acting.
Photo gallery below.
The Federal Communications Commission wants us all to have really powerful, free Wi-Fi whenever we want. The proposal, reported Sunday by the Washington Post, sounds too good to be true:
The airwaves that FCC officials want to hand over to the public would be much more powerful than existing WiFi networks that have become common in households. They could penetrate thick concrete walls and travel over hills and around trees. If all goes as planned, free access to the Web would be available in just about every metropolitan area and in many rural areas. ... Cities support the idea because the networks would lower costs for schools and businesses or help vacationers easily find tourist spots. Consumer advocates note the benefits to the poor, who often cannot afford high cellphone and Internet bills.
Unsurprisingly, wireless carriers are less than delighted: Why would Americans pay private companies for online access if a good public service were freely available? But while the $178 billion wireless industry objects to the idea, tech giants Google and Microsoft are proponents -- they say "a free-for-all WiFi service would spark an explosion of innovations and devices that would benefit most Americans, especially the poor," according to WaPo. The companies behind such innovations -- like, say, Google and Microsoft -- would be poised to do pretty well too.
Advertisement:
The proposal would require local television stations and other broadcasters to sell a chunk of airwaves to the government that would be used for the public Wi-Fi networks and it is not clear whether these companies would be willing. Either way, the plan would take a few years to come into fruition. The proposal still needs FCC approval and the heavy lobbying for and against the plan has hardly even begun.
SEATTLE - A painting mixup left drivers in West Seattle doing a double take.
Seattle Department of Transportation employees applied new speed limit markings to a section of Fairmont Avenue Southwest Sunday, neighbors and a department spokesman said.
But in two locations, the crew accidentally applied the markings in the wrong order.
Instead of reading 20 MPH, the markings read "20 HPM."
"My first reaction was that it was a protest, honestly. They were working on Sunday. It was hot. Just thought, 'Oh, let's just do this. And let the boss know that working on a Sunday maybe isn't a good idea.'" said Breck Dillard, who lives nearby.
Crews were back Monday and had the problem fixed by late morning.
A SDOT spokesman said the mishap was an honest mistake.
"The department will reinforce with its markings crew members and supervisors the need for accuracy in completing this and other work," the spokesman stated in an email response to KOMO 4.
The department hasn't yet come up with an estimate for how much it cost to repair the mistake, the spokesman said.
"I wonder if they noticed and drove off knowing," said Robyn Baker, who is staying with some friends at a home nearby. "Or just totally unaware. Kind of."
Dillard said he and his dog Bailey were a little sad to see the mistake get fixed.
"He was doing some barking, so it may be that he noticed the problem before anyone else," Dillard said. "He is pretty smart and he just leaves the interview with a no comment."
Almost three quarters of the earth's surface is covered in water and around 90% of all the living space on Earth is contained in the oceans.
These vast reserves cradled early life and continue to be home to a wealth of extraordinary creatures. At least 230,000 unique species have been documented, although as humans have only explored a small fraction of the depths, there may be as many as two million.
As well as being home to everything from whelks to whale sharks, the oceans offer a range of critical services, including acting as a source of food and regulating the atmosphere.
In particular, the oceans are also vital as sponges for green house gases, taking carbon dioxide out of the atmosphere through two processes - dissolving straight into the water column and also through photosynthesis by phytoplankton.
Today, the oceans soak up around one third of all human carbon emissions
But this comes at a terrible cost. The composition of the oceans is changing to become more acidic, threatening the tremendous diversity of creatures that call them home.
In this film, veteran wildlife cameraman Doug Allan, sustainability advisor and author Tony Juniper, British Antarctic Survey scientist Dr Emily Shuckburgh and ecological economist Dr Trista Patterson reveal not only the huge diversity of life in the ocean but also the great contribution they make to cleaning our atmosphere.
If you would like to comment on this video or anything else you have seen on Future, head over to our Facebook page or message us on Twitter.
Watchdog groups are tapping into the Tea Party's grassroots power in an attempt to preserve stronger ethics rules in Congress.
Three influential taxpayer groups have joined forces with watchdogs to pressure incoming House GOP leaders not to weaken or shutter an independent ethics office.
ADVERTISEMENT
Taxpayers for Common Sense, the National Taxpayers Union and Judicial Watch, three groups that usually back Republicans on fiscal issues, are teaming up with several watchdog groups to argue that strong congressional ethics is not a partisan issue.The watchdogs include: the Campaign Legal Center, Common Cause, Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington, Democracy 21, the League of Women Voters, U.S. PIRG and Public Citizen.The groups will hold a press conference Thursday morning, announcing their joint push to save the Office of Congressional Ethics (OCE), a relatively new entity made up mostly of former members of Congress that investigates members and makes recommendations to the full ethics committee for further action.The timing is particularly powerful coming as it the same day Rep. Charles Rangel (D-N.Y.) faces a censure vote on the House floor for 11 counts of violating ethics rules.The eclectic alliance comes after the Ohio Liberty Council, the main umbrella organization for 58 Tea Party groups in the state, publicly backed efforts to strengthen the OCE. Two weeks ago its president told The Hill that any attempt by House GOP leaders to weaken the OCE would upset Tea Party activists.“If they move in the opposite direction of transparency that this office provides, I think we will be very upset about that,” said Chris Littleton, president of the Ohio Liberty Council and the Cincinnati Tea Party. “Symbolically, it's a huge problem for them … they should be as transparent as they can be. Any opposition to that would be inappropriate on their part.”Tea Party groups in Ohio first became aware of the OCE after the fiscally conservative group Taxpayers for Common Sense (TCS) made strengthening the office a priority in its transparency and reform agenda for the 112th Congress. Other planks in TCS's platform include passing budget bills before the beginning of the fiscal year, imposing earmark reforms and abiding by pay-as-you-go, or pay-go, rules.House Republican leaders have supported many of TCS's reform priorities in their own transparency agenda unveiled since the election. But incoming Speaker(R-Ohio) has long opposed the ethics office, and many political observers think he will seek to dismantle or seriously weaken it with Republicans in the majority.The grassroots Tea Party movement helped to re-energize the Republican Party during the midterm election and deliver the GOP majority.is riding to power on this wave of enthusiasm, although many in the movement view him as part of the GOP establishment.When asked whether Boehner will heed the call to strengthen, not shutter, the OCE, his spokesman, Michael Steel, most recently said the issue is still up in the air.“We haven't made a decision with regard to the OCE,” he said in an e-mail. “As you know, the only group of members publicly calling for it to be shut down at this point are Democrats.”Many arriving Republican freshmen campaigned on accountability and transparency, and House GOP leaders have responded by promoting a transparency initiative that includes posting all bills to the Web 72 hours before they are voted on and bringing cameras into House Rules Committee hearings.Outgoing Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) pushed through legislation creating the OCE as a new independent layer of ethics scrutiny in 2008, strong-arming many in her party who feared giving an outside body the power to police members' activities.All Republican leaders vigorously opposed the OCE's creation and tried to defeat the measure in a series of parliamentary tactics Democrats beat back in March of 2008. The bill passed 207-206 after Democratic leaders pressed several reluctant members to vote in favor.Government watchdog groups strongly support the OCE, which has investigated more than 60 cases and referred a dozen to the House ethics committee for further review."Thanks to the independent OCE we have seen vastly improved transparency and action by the ethics committee — however, sadly this very success has led to the OCE being attacked. The agency is in danger of being critically weakened, or even eliminated, when the new Republican majority rewrites the ethics rules of the House,” said Public Citizen's Lisa Gilbert. “The public deserves better."The extent and level of ethics scrutiny the OCE has brought is unprecedented in the House, and several targets of the probes, many of them in the Congressional Black Caucus (CBC), and other critics on both sides of the aisle have complained that Pelosi created an entity that has overreached and is out of control.CBC members have introduced legislation that would curtail the powers of the OCE, and watchdog groups have roundly condemned the proposed modifications.The ethics office was not set up as a permanent fixture of the House and requires reauthorization at the beginning of each Congress, which will likely be included in a House rules package. Watchdogs fear that Republicans could try to include provisions in the rules package that supersede or gut the OCE in order to obscure or deflect attention from the underlying attempt to weaken the office.“I'm glad to hear that they don't want to get rid of it right away,” said Meredith McGehee, policy director of the Campaign Legal Center, referring to the comments from Boehner's spokesman. “I think the cost of that would be pretty high politically.”
This 1987 Lamborghini LM002 (chassis HLA12046) competed in the 1996 Granada-Dakar Rally, and is said to have gone through 24 shock absorbers before it had to retire due to lack of spare parts. There were two other LM002s entered into the event in previous years when it started in Paris, but one is said to be hidden in a collection and the other was returned to stock configuration according to this article on LamboCars.com. This truck is said to be the last Lamborghini entered into competition by the factory before the brand was sold to Audi. Find it here at Auto Drome in Paris, France for 160,000 Euro (today ~$209k USD).
The photo below shows the car in as-raced condition inside a non-descript workshop. It is assumed to be the present-day condition, but not much detail is given.
This dash shot is shown in a separate listing by the selling dealer here on Anamera. The idea of a competition interior in this model isn't a bad one, as the factory parts are pricey, 25 years old, and didn't look that great to begin with.
Most of the shots of the truck seem to be from the event itself, and it is not said to have ever run another race. We have searched for results from the 1996 event, but have come up short. If you know of a complete entry and finisher list, please link to it in the comments. We do know that a Citroen ZX took the overall win that year.
It is interesting that the Pirelli Scorpion tires made specifically for this model Lamborghini look to be what the truck is also wearing for competition. They were not said to be the weak point, though the weight of the rolling stock might have aided in the demise of other components.
This would be our ultimate entry for the Norra 1000 in Mexico, and we can't see how they would be able to resist letting it run. The only question is, how many spare shocks would you carry at the start?
A video uploaded to YouTube this week shows a photographer in Pampa, Texas being detained for “suspicious activity” while legally filming a police stop from a public sidewalk.
The video begins by showing a Pampa police officer approaching a photographer as he attempts to test out a new camera.
As the officer begins asking personal questions, the photographer remains relatively tight lipped, opting to continue his legal activity.
Shortly after, as the traffic stop come to an end, the photographer is approached by a Deputy Stokes, who immediately attempts to confiscate all photography equipment for “evidence.”
Unable to provide which law allows for confiscation, Stokes, now clearly upset, resorts to assaulting the photographer.
Stokes continues by telling the photographer that his filming is a “violation” despite no law supporting his claim.
Attempting to get ID, Stokes continues to claim the legal authority to detain the photographer for filming despite the action being repeatedly upheld by the Supreme Court.
“You can't go around recording us!” Stokes incorrectly claims.
Interestingly, the mood of the encounter begins to shift as as the photographer mentions his intention to sue Stokes for assault. Stokes responds by completely changing his earlier statements, now threatening a subpoena instead of confiscation.
“Let me just explain to you my concerns,” Stokes says as he again attempts to stifle the photographer's First Amendment. “My concern is this is not the first traffic stop that you've photographed tonight, it's not the first one you've video-taped tonight. Your refusing to tell me where you're from and in post 9/11 that concerns me.”
While most photographers expect to be engaged while filming police in public, the issue arises when officers use threats and unjust detainment to curtail legal activity. Countless federal training manuals that paint photography as likely terrorism have only compounded the issue.
Just last May, a citizen journalist in Albany, New York was visited and questioned by a member of the Joint Terrorism Task Force (JTTF) and asked if he belonged to a “domestic terrorist group” for legally photographing buildings at the local police academy.
“It is personally insulting and offensive to me that I would be associated with the Sovereign Citizen movement merely for exercising my constitutional rights,” photographer Matthew Grunert told Infowars.
The exhaustively used excuse of 9/11 rings hollow in light of terrorism statistics and facts. Just last year, President Obama waived a federal law designed to stop the US from arming terrorists in order to provide military support to the Al-Qaeda aligned “Syrian rebels.”
Libyan rebel leader Abdel-Hakim al-Hasidi, who was supported by the Obama administration in 2011, told media that Al Qaeda members who admitted to killing US troops in Iraq were among his ranks. As expected, covert support for the group only increased.
Despite this, innocent Americans continued to be harassed, surveilled and scrutinized for completely legal activity.
(H/T: Photographyisnotacrime.com)
Natasha Moses Bates Photo by Contributed Photo /Times Free Press. Photo by Contributed Photo /Times Free Press.
The grandfather's panicked voice cracks as he shouts into the phone. Both boys are red, and one is turning purple.
"My daughter's kids ... one of them's not breathing. She thinks he might already be dead!" he cries to the dispatcher.
The mother, heard in the background, is sobbing uncontrollably.
The jarring Bradley County 911 recording released Thursday captures the confusion and desperation in the minutes that Tasha Bates and her father, Mike Kile, try to revive 5-year-old Leland and 3-year-old River Bates on June 28.
Both boys died in the following hours, their bodies severely overheated.
The call was made public after Bates was arrested Wednesday, indicted on murder, child neglect and methamphetamine-related charges in connection with the boys' deaths.
Officials say Leland and River died in a car, while Bates, 26, has said they were playing outside on a Slip'n Slide water toy while she was inside the family's nearby house.
"OK, were they in a pool or pond, something?" the dispatcher asks in the call. Kile shouts the question to his daughter, and she screams back "No!"
"Well then, where were they at?" Kile asks, frustration and distress building in his voice. Bates replies that they were out in the front yard, playing.
"They were out there playing and what happened?" he yells.
"I don't know!" his daughter cries.
The 10-minute phone call feels like an eternity as the Bradley County dispatcher tries to coax the grandfather to show his daughter how to do CPR on the boys.
"Listen, if there's a chance, we've gotta do something, OK?" the dispatcher repeats.
Kile's voice breaks as he says he thinks the "little one is gone"; Bates weeps and screams.
She has maintained from that day that she left them outside unattended for 45 minutes while the boys played on the Slip'n Slide, according to reports from the Bradley County Sheriff's Office.
Toward the end of the 911 audio, a first-responder - whose has arrived at the scene - asks the two why the boys are wet.
Kile says there's a Slip'n Slide at the home, but he doesn't know why they're wet. He repeatedly asks Tasha what the boys were doing, and her response isn't clear.
The indictment includes no information on what leads investigators to believe the boys were left in a car, and investigators have refused to release any information surrounding the charges, though the indictment came shortly after a drug task force searched Bates' home for signs of drug use.
Eric Blach, lead investigator with the Bradley County Medical Examiner's Office, said officials had their suspicions that the boys had perished in an enclosed space from the start.
"It seemed very unlikely to us that these children could have a temperature of 105-plus from being outside when the ambient temperature outside was 101 at best," he said. "Two children expire, playing outside right out the door? It just sounded funny to us."
The full autopsies done on the boys have not been released, but Blach has said that their core body temperatures rose to 105 degrees or higher, causing their brains, then their bodies to shut down.
On Wednesday, a Bradley County grand jury charged Bates with two counts of felony murder, two counts of aggravated child neglect, four counts of the initiation of meth manufacture and the promotion of meth manufacture -- which means she was found with materials to create meth.
"It's just kinda overwhelming," the boys' paternal grandmother, Linda Bates, said Thursday. "There is some relief, but sadness, too. I'm still pretty numb."
Linda Bates said she believes Tasha Bates had an on-and-off drug habit while she was married to her son. They recently divorced.
Jonathan Bates, the boy's father, has said that he and Tasha Bates have struggled with drug use in the past. He said he's recently been in drug rehab.
"I feel like justice will be done for the sake of my family's sanity, but it still doesn't take away any of the pain," he said. "The least [Tasha Bates] could do is to tell us what happened."
Tasha Bates has several criminal charges on her record, including theft under $500 and domestic assault - both of which were dismissed, Bradley County court records show. Last year, she pleaded guilty to reckless driving.
Her first appearance in Bradley County Criminal Court on the murder and other charges is set for Aug. 13, where she will enter her plea. At this point, she has not acquired an attorney.
With the Women's World Cup less than three weeks away, U.S. supporters not heading north into Canada need to know how to watch the matches.
Here's how it's going to work …
ESPN is providing coverage like it did for the previous five tournaments, right?
Wrong. Fox Sports won the rights as part of an agreement with FIFA that also includes, among other competitions, the 2019 and '23 World Cup for women and 2018, '22 and '26 World Cup for men.
How many matches are available live this summer?
All 52 of them.
So what channels will Fox Sports utilize?
Fox's main over-the-air channel, plus Fox Sports 1 and Fox Sports 2.
Okay, so I get Fox and I think I have Fox Sports 1, but Fox Sports 2?
You might not get Fox Sports 2. It's not as widely carried on cable systems as Fox Sports 1. But only a handful of matches are on FS2.
Can I watch on my tablet or mobile device?
Sure. If you are able to access Fox Sports Go. Many providers offer it. Check it out.
What's the channel breakdown?
Fox will carry 16 matches, the most ever for a Women's World Cup over traditional airwaves. Fox Sports 1 will handle 29 games and Fox Sports 2 has the remaining seven.
Are all the U.S. matches on regular Fox?
The group opener, June 8 vs. Australia, is on Fox Sports 1. The other two — June 12 vs. Sweden and June 16 vs. Nigeria — will appear on your local Fox channel. The first game kicks off at 7:30 p.m. ET, the last two at 8 p.m. ET.
What about the knockout stage?
If the Americans win Group D and continue advancing, the round of 16 will appear on Fox Sports 1 and subsequent rounds on Fox over-the-air channel. The final is set for July 5 at 7 p.m. ET from Vancouver's BC Place.
How about the tournament opener?
The Canada-China match June 6 will appear on Fox Sports 1, starting at 6 p.m. ET.
Are any knockout matches stuck on Fox Sports 2?
No. The games relegated to the lesser channel are in the group stage: New Zealand-Netherlands, Cameroon-Ecuador, China-Netherlands, South Korea-Costa Rica, China-New Zealand, Switzerland-Cameroon and South Korea-Spain.
Are there going to be pregame and postgame shows?
Yes. Lots of them. Most matches will be preceded by an hour-long show. Some shows will last 30 or 90 minutes.
Who are the match announcers?
There are five teams (listed alphabetically with the play-by-play person first):
Glenn Davis and Christine Latham
JP Dellacamera, Cat Whitehill and Tony DiCicco
Jenn Hildreth and Kyndra de St. Aubin
Justin Kutcher and Aly Wagner
John Strong and Danielle Slaton
Whitehill, Wagner and Slaton are former U.S. players. Latham played for Canada. DiCicco coached the U.S. squad to the 1999 world title. Dellacamera and Davis are veteran soccer announcers. Strong is the primary voice for soccer on Fox.
In most cases, the announcers will be at the stadiums. In some cases, they'll call if off a monitor. (That's not unprecedented.)
What about the studio announcers?
Kate Abdo and Rob Stone will share anchor duties from Vancouver. The analysts are former U.S. players Angela Hucles, Heather Mitts, Leslie Osborne, Alexi Lalas and Eric Wynalda; former Mexican defender Monica Gonzalez, who worked for ESPN for years; England's Kelly Smith; Germany's Ariane Hingst; and officiating expert Joe Machnik.
What about the Spanish-language TV rights?
Telemundo and NBC Universo have them. Not all matches will be shown. However, all 52 are going to be available on streams via NBC Deportes. Andres Cantor is the primary announcer. Most, if not all, matches will be called from a studio.
The complete Fox TV schedule is available here
By Daniel Cowan
When I was a young kid growing up in inner-city London I was one of only two boys in my year at school who supported a London football team. Both of us supported the family team, he was Chelsea and I was Arsenal and that kind of marked us as the odd ones out as everyone else in our class supported Manchester United or Liverpool because as we all know glory-hunting has been around forever.
Everyone had a favourite player but what set me and Chelsea kid apart from the crowd yet again was our favourite players not being “attractive” players. The other boys liked Kanchelskis, Giggs, Gascoigne etc. The Blues fans liked Wise and Jones, although his favourite player went on to be Zola, and prior to that for a short time it was Rocky who I felt a little unfortunate to have only seen in Arsenal colours for his last 18 or so months.
Best of the Blogs This first appeared on North London is Red in June 2012 North London is Red
What set me apart as being even weirder was that my favourite player was considered to be a crazy choice. He was not a first-team regular and I had so many other fantastic players to love like Merson, Wright, Smudger and Campbell. And I did. I loved all of those players but my favourite was Ray Parlour.
I first remember seeing Ray scoring a goal on Match of the Day and, although I can't remember much about the match with it being over 20 years ago, I remember instantly liking him because of his haircut. It's a silly thing to have started my adoration but it made him stand out for me.
Most of the Arsenal team at the time had bowl cuts or short back and sides (which amusingly Ray requested Hoddle's faith-healing friend Eileen Drewery give him) and Ray had floppy curly locks with a middle parting. “Curtains” were quite fashionable back then but my mum thought it looked silly and refused to let me grow my hair like Ray, because I'd end up looking like my older sister who had permed shoulder length hair. Instead I got stuck with a bodged home cut, No 2 all over with a complimentary cow's lick.
All other things aside, including haircuts you're now glad your mum never let you have, I think you know who your favourite player was as kid because that was the player you wanted to be when you played football with your friends.
You may remember playing football at lunchtime with a tennis ball and possibly walked to and from school with a tennis ball of your own, playing football on your commute with your own running commentary.
Are all memories in black and white
Mine mostly finished with Ray scoring a screamer from outside of the box, usually on the volley. Sometimes I'd let Wrighty score a goal if he'd been impressive at the weekend.
My commentary rarely varied and usually went like this:Seaman catches the ball easily and releases it to Adams to start a counter-attack. He passes the ball out to the wing to Merson who skips past one, past two, superb skill from the No 10 there, he flies past the defender and floats in a cross, Smudger flicks it on into the path of Wright, Wright is in the box, the defender tries to take the ball from him, he turns, he lines up the shot, he shoots, the keeper blocks it, the ball is loose and WHAT'S THIS, OH MY WORD, RAY PARLOUR FROM OUTSIDE THE BOX, RIFLES THE BALL INTO THE BACK OF THE NET, THE KEEPER HAD NO CHANCE OF SAVING THAT….
And Ray would score five or six more of those on the way to or from school and a couple more at lunchtime if he was lucky.
I think what I liked about Ray, apart from his hair of course, was that he wasn't the popular choice. I enjoyed flair players and prolific scorers but something about the pure ordinary nature of Parlour drew me to him much in the same way people a good 10 years older than me were drawn to Perry Groves. Ray and Perry were the sort of players that could give you hope. You were never going to be the next Overmars or Henry but you could be the next Ray Parlour.
"Ray seemed to develop a knack for having an impact on big games, mainly cup finals and it was that knack that probably gave me my favourite ever moment in football."
While never lauded as a technically-gifted player he was hard-working, effective and consistent. Often his best play was the simplest stuff done without any pretences of world-class, eyebrow-raising skill. That said I still have many great memories of the man dubbed The Romford Pele from his hat-tricks against Newcastle and Bremen to his stand-out performance against Inter in 2003 and man of the match performance in the 1998 FA Cup final.
Ray seemed to develop a knack for having an impact on big games, mainly cup finals, and it was that knack that probably gave me my favourite ever moment in football.I was watching the 2002 cup final with the Chelsea boy who laughed when Tim Lovejoy had his infamous “It's only Ray Parlour” moment.
I don't know who cheered more when “Only Ray Parlour” smashed the ball into the net, Bradley Walsh or me. I don't have a video of myself on YouTube to compare but I know that after that final I never spoke to the Chelsea boy again.
I was upset when we sold Ray to Middlesborough and unlike other players who have left Arsenal it was not easy to forget him when matchday came around.
I've seen Ray play in central midfield and on the wing. I've seen him score tap-ins, wonder goals and team goals. I've seen him make assists, accurate 40-yard passes and perfect crosses but none of these things alone are what endeared Ray to me. It was his grit and determination and ability to do the simple things properly that made him my favourite player.
I'm utterly convinced that if we had a few more players with the determination of Ray to drag us over the line we wouldn't have waited so many years for silverware.
A Sophos poll* of 550 IT professionals has revealed that seven out of ten respondents believe that NASA hacker Gary McKinnon should not be extradited to the US, despite the high court's contradictory verdict earlier today.
Survey results
Should Gary McKinnon be extradited to the USA?
Yes, he should be extradited 29% No, he should not 71%
The London-based hacker applied for judicial review following a previous decision in February this year by the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) that refused to bring charges against McKinnon in the UK. Despite a relentless media campaign and several extradition appeals in the House of Lords and the European Court of Human Rights, today's decision by Lord Justice Stanley Burnton and Mr Justice Wilkie could leave McKinnon facing up to 60 years imprisonment in a 'supermax' facility.
The same poll, conducted by the IT security and control firm back in 2006**, saw the IT community divided over McKinnon's fate (52 percent against extradition; 48 percent for), but the latest figures show that there has been a surge in public support for the self-confessed hacker.
"McKinnon has had tremendous support from hackers and ordinary people throughout this saga - but what is truly staggering is the support he has received from the IT community," said Graham Cluley, senior technology consultant at Sophos. "The consensus is that it is perhaps inappropriate to make an example of a UFO conspiracy theorist when serious crimes are still being carried out by financially-motivated hackers, stealing identities, sending spam and creating botnets."
McKinnon was arrested seven years ago after allegedly hacking into computers belonging to the US Army, US Navy, US Air Force, Department of Defense and NASA. The computer enthusiast from North London claims that he broke into the computer systems only to hunt for top secret information about anti-gravity propulsion systems and alien technology, which he believed the authorities were hiding from the public.
US authorities, meanwhile, allege that McKinnon - known by the handle 'Solo' - caused nearly a million dollars worth of damage, shutting down systems responsible for the tracking the location of naval ships, and protecting Washington DC.
"Of course a strong message must be sent out to hackers that their activities are unacceptable, but there is arguably a difference between McKinnon and cybercriminals who are in it for the money," continued Cluley. "The question is, do McKinnon and his numerous supporters have any more tricks up their sleeve to prevent his unwilling departure from Heathrow airport?"
* Sophos online survey, 550 respondents, June-July 2009
** Sophos online survey, 565 respondents, 2006
Disclaimer: Please bear in mind that this poll is not scientific and is provided for information purposes only. The comments expressed on this page are those of a subsection of poll participants, and not necessarily those of Sophos. Sophos makes no guarantees about the accuracy of the results other than that they reflect the choices of the users who participated.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Black Friday shoppers got into a huge brawl at a shopping mall as wild footage shows women wrestling on the floor and being handcuffed by police.
Women were seen punching and kicking each other, while one allegedly threw a shoe that hit a baby.
There were scenes of chaos as the women brawled and police and staff struggled to break them apart.
Stunned witnesses laughed and recorded video on their mobile phones as police ordered them to leave the store.
The mall in the US state of Alabama had to be shut down early after multiple fights were reported, while a shooting left one person critically injured at a mall in Missouri as Black Friday shoppers showed up looking for deals.
A number of women were arrested during the brawl inside a shop at the Riverchase Galleria mall in Hoover, Alabama.
Footage shows women wrestling with each other on the floor as police and security try to pull them apart in front of a crowd including children.
Nearby, a group of women fight as a police officer pulls one of them away and tries to handcuff her.
A police officer yells at witnesses "Get out of here, go" as they're threatened with jail if they don't comply.
The fight broke out late Thursday night - Thanksgiving Day in the US - as malls opened early for Black Friday sales.
A Fox 6 news producer wrote on Facebook that a witness reported seeing a shoe hit a baby after it was thrown over a railing at the clothing shop Buckle.
One shopper wrote: "My cousin and her family was there in lockdown at Build-a-bear. Soooo scary!"
Another added: "Who takes a baby to Black Friday!!!!"
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
About 12 to 15 police officers were called in to break up fights, it was reported.
Social media users reported gunfire at the mall, but police said the reports were not confirmed and no one was shot, AL.com reported.
Local officials said one person was treated at the scene for minor injuries suffered during a fight.
Police said the fights were "of a personal nature" and not over sales.
The mall had opened at 6pm but was forced to shut just after 11pm due to fights.
(Image: ABC)
In Columbia, Missouri, a shooting during Black Friday sales left a 19-year-old in life-threatening condition.
The victim suffered a gunshot wound in a car outside the Columbia Mall late Thursday night, ABC 17 reported.
Police were investigating whether the shooting was accidental or deliberate.
Black Friday has become a US phenomenon which has spread around the world to countries including the UK, with stores offering discounts weeks before Christmas.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
In the US, shoppers queue hours or even days before sales begin - skipping their turkey dinner - to get their hands on TVs, microwaves, children's toys, clothing and other items at deep discounts.
However the massive retail event is usually marred by violence, with reports of fights and even gunfire at stores and malls every year.
Black Friday is a much more tame affair in Britain, where it hasn't been widely accepted.
Footage posted online by a BBC journalist shows just one person entering a Currys PC World shop in Oxford Street, London, when the store opened its doors on Friday morning, and a second person lingering outside.
The scene was ridiculed on social media.
This year, total sales of around £15bn ($20bn) are expected in the US, with British shoppers likely to spend £10.1bn ($13.4bn) during the Black Friday period defined as November 20-27.
In the US, online spending is expected to surpass $100bn for the first time this holiday season.
By 5pm on Thanksgiving Day, Americans had already spent $1.52 billion online on Thanksgiving Day - up 17 per cent from last year - with nearly half of those sales from smartphones, the Washington Post reported.
Winter could feel longer and colder than normal this year because of the El Nino weather event, the Met Office has warned.
Yesterday the World Meteorological Organisation said the weather phenomenon, which will continue until next Spring, is one of the strongest seen in 50 years.
Traditionally a strong El Nino weather event brings plummeting temperatures and colder than usual winters, particularly at the end of the season.
Professor Adam Scaife of The Met Office said: “El Nino increases the risk of a cold end to the winter, particularly in February and March.
“This winter we'll see a wet and windy start but we could see a cold snap in the latter half of the season.”
The weather phenomenon happens when ocean temperatures in the eastern Pacific, near South America, rise due to a change in the normal wind direction, creating knock-on effects across the globe due to the amount of heat released into the atmosphere.
The polar jet stream tends to move further south, and brings wetter weather across the Atlantic, which causes heavy rainfall in warmer months, but can bring snow in the winter.
Woolier sheep suggest long, cold winter, says natural forecaster David King
Photo: Paul Kingston / NNP
According to the WHO this year is currently forecast to be the warmest on record which experts say could interact with El Nino, modifying the weather even in ‘ways which we have never before experienced'
“While difficult to predict, the El Niño this year looks set to be the strongest on record,” said a spokeswoman for the Department for International Development.
“This is a real threat to people's lives, health and livelihoods across the world, which will see increased calls for humanitarian assistance as people struggle to grow crops, face water shortages and disease.”
El Nino - which means ‘the boy child' because it was first observed at Christmas - is linked to major global climate events including monsoons in India, heavy rain and storms in North America and Europe including the UK, and floods in Australia.
It occurs every two to seven years and is already bringing havoc agross the globe.
Experts warned that Britain could be impacted by rising prices in coffee, rice, sugar and cocoa as staple crops in tropical regions are hit by flooding and droughts.
The BMW 2-Series Coupe was unveiled in October 2013, which means it was time for a small update. As a result, the Bavarian manufacturer introduced today an updated 2.0-liter four-cylinder engine on the 220d Coupe, delivering 190 hp (140 kW) and 400 Nm of torque. If you don't remember, the current version of the engine delivers 184 hp (135 kW) and 380 Nm of torque.
Bolted to the standard 6-speed manual transmission, the new diesel engine offers an average fuel consumption of 4.4 to 4.1 l/100 km, while CO2 emissions are 115 to 107 g/km.
As an option, the 2015 BMW 220d Coupe is available with an 8-speed automatic Steptronic transmission that makes the vehicle even more fuel-efficient because it needs between 4.1 to 3.8 l/100 km, with CO2 emissions between 107 and 99 grams per km.
The BMW 220d Coupe is also faster than the previous version and when equipped with the six-speed manual gearbox it accelerates from 0 to 100 km/h (62 mph) in 7.1 seconds (0.1 seconds faster), while the 8-speed automatic transmission drops the acceleration time to 7.0 seconds.
Thanks to the power increase, the maximum trailer load of the BMW 220d Coupe increases by 300 kg to 1,500 kg.
With the James Webb Space Telescope still more than four years away from launch astronomers are coming up with ideas on how to maximise its usefulness. A proposal published in Astrobiology outlines a way it could be used to detect signatures of life on planets around nearby stars.
While it is always possible that life around extrasolar worlds will be “not as we know it”, the obvious place to start looking is on planets as similar as possible to our own. This includes the presence of liquid water, which in turn requires a substantial atmosphere. Low atmospheric pressure means water boils as soon as it melts.
However, according to the new paper, “Current proposed methods for measuring pressure by using remote-sensing techniques that could be applicable to exoplanetary atmospheres are challenging.” The distinctive scattering of blue light that gives our sky its color is one favored suggestion for the signature of an atmosphere like our own. However, the authors point to work showing that ozone or sulphur dioxide in the atmosphere, amongst other gasses, will mask this. The peak wavelengths for light scattered in this way are also outside the James Webb's range.
A better way, the authors suggest, is to look for dimers. Dimers are formed when two molecules become bound together without forming a new molecule. In particular two O 2 molecules can become temporarily bound together, and in the process absorb light differently from individual O 2 molecules (monomers). One of the differences is that dimer behavior is more sensitive to atmospheric pressure than that of monomers, with a feature known as optical depth proportional to the square of the pressure, rather than the pressure to the power of one as for monomers.
Lead author and PhD student Amit Misra of the University of Washington recommends using two bands in the near infrared, with wavelengths 0.76μm and 1.06μm to measure whether the atmosphere of a planet is dense enough to maintain liquid water. “So the idea is that if we were able to do this for another planet, we could look for this characteristic pattern of absorption from dimer molecules to identify them,” Misra says.
Misra and his co-authors generated data for fictitious planets around other stars and demonstrated that with the James Webb they would be able to measure atmospheric pressures equal or greater to that of Earth's, and some techniques might push the detection to one quarter of our own pressure, depending on confounding factors.
Foreign-born children of illegal immigrants who were granted special legal status by President Barack Obama to work and study in the United States say they're increasingly worried that their special status may not survive the election.
Maria Rea, one of the young illegals who are dubbed by Democrats ‘DREAMers,' described Obama's Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals as “nothing much more than bread crumbs to keep us from starving.”
“So many of us are grateful because we've been starving for so long, but at the end of the day, bread crumbs are just bread crumbs,” she told VICE News.
Obama established the DACA program in June, 2012, during his 2012 reelection campaign and amid high unemployment rates for Americans. So far, at least 836,000 young illegals have gotten temporary residency and work-permits from Obama's program.
Rea spoke of the “frightening” possibility that she could have her temporary legalized status revoked, which would make it hard for her to get a job.
“Even something as simple as when I apply for a job, I feel like I have to disclose that if they do offer me a job, I might not be able to continue next year because my work permit might not be renewed,” she said. “What if this company doesn't offer me a job because they don't see me as a permanent person?”
Jose Aguiluz told VICE that thanks to DACA he had to plan his life in “two-year stretches.”
“It's a scary feeling. It's a lot of uncertainty. I don't know what my life's going to be past November,” he said.
The young illegals interviewed by VICE said that they preferred to have a Democrat win the presidency, to sustain their future in America. “If someone like Trump gets elected, shit's gonna hit the fan,” said James Jeong who lives in New York.
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's wife Akie on Tuesday visited Yasukuni shrine in Tokyo. Abe posted about the visit on her Facebook page, and included photos.
In her post, she also mentioned that just a few days prior, she had visited the Chiran air base in Kagoshima Prefecture from where kamikaze pilots were dispatched during World War II.
Reflecting on her visit to Yasukuni shrine, she wrote: "My feelings toward the shrine were quite different after my visit to the Chiran base."
The last time Akie Abe visited Yasukuni shrine was in May -- after which China lodged a protest. At that time, she also discussed the visit on her Facebook page. "My heart aches when reading letters and farewell notes addressed to family members," she wrote. "What was in their minds when they perished on the battlefields?"
Yasukuni shrine honors Japan's fallen soldiers, but also several Classes A war criminals convicted and executed after the conflict.
© Japan Today/AFP
While speaking to students and professors at a historically black college in April, Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) said he isn't a "firm believer in democracy" because "it gave us Jim Crow."
In a lengthy profile published on The New Republic's website Monday, reporter Julia Ioffe details Paul's low profile visit to Simmons College of Kentucky, a historically black college in Louisville. Paul sat with students and other community members in a circle and asked attendees how the Republican Party could better reach out to African-Americans.
Ioffe reports:
He talked about decriminalizing drug offenses and getting rid of the mandatory sentencing minimums that put so many young black men in jail. He talked about fixing the local school system, about not abolishing Pell grants “as long as it's in the context of spending what you have.” To approving nods, he talked about how urban renewal had really meant “urban destruction” and about how “they tore down a lot of black businesses so people would go to white stores.” He found that this crowd, if not totally convinced, was receptive. Though he would still not give them a definitive answer on his position on the Civil Rights Act, he did say that he believed federal intervention had been justified. “I'm not a firm believer in democracy,” he explained. “It gave us Jim Crow.”
Paul's visit to Simmons came two days after he made a more publicized appearance at Howard University in Washington, D.C., during which he said he wanted to "resurrect" the Republican Party's history before the civil rights era.
"The story of emancipation, voting rights and citizenship, from Frederick Douglass until the modern civil rights era, is really in fact the history of the Republican Party," Paul said. "How did the Republican Party, the party of the great emancipator, lose the trust and faith of an entire race?"
"We see horrible Jim Crow and horrible racism in the '30s, '40s, '50s—it was all Democrats,” Paul continued, according to Slate. “It wasn't Republicans. Now, did some of them switch over and become Republicans? Yes.”
Paul's stance on civil rights came under scrutiny in 2010, when he had difficulty answering whether or not he would have voted for the Civil Rights Act of 1964 in an interview with the Louisville Courier-Journal's editorial board.
"I like the Civil Rights Act in the sense that it ended discrimination in all public domains, and I'm all in favor of that," Paul said. "I don't like the idea of telling private business owner -- I abhor racism. I think it's a bad business decision to exclude anybody from your restaurant --but, at the same time, I do believe in private ownership. But I absolutely think there should be no discrimination in anything that gets any public funding, and that's most of what I think the Civil Rights Act was about in my mind."
Image caption Japan is finding ways to conserve power, including dimming passageways of railway stations
Japan has urged businesses and households in parts of the country to cut electricity use by up to 15% to avoid possible blackouts.
The country is facing power shortages this summer because its 50 nuclear reactors have been taken offline.
Public confidence in nuclear safety was shaken by the meltdowns at the Fukushima power plant, triggered by last year's earthquake and tsunami.
The call for electricity reduction will take effect from July to September.
This time around the move to save power is not mandatory, unlike cuts imposed in the eastern parts of the country last summer after the nuclear crisis.
'Appeal'
It is in the heavily industrialised area of western Japan, served by Kansai Electric Power, that customers have been asked to cut electricity usage by 15%.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Osamu Fujimura, after a government meeting discussing power shortages, said that there was a "need to widely instigate power-saving measures" due to the shutdown of nuclear facilities.
"The government will try hard to figure out how to implement the measures decided today so that the power savings will affect the economy and people's livelihood as little as possible," he said.
"But I would like to repeat here our appeal to the nation to save power this summer."
Japan's last nuclear reactor went offline for routine maintenance two weeks ago and none have been switched back on so far.
The government has been reluctant to order restarts of the nuclear plants against the public's wishes, even as the scarcer and more expensive electricity could have a severe effect on Japan's economy, reports the BBC's Roland Buerk.
Surveys show that almost all big businesses expect their earnings to be affected, with some preparing to move more manufacturing abroad.
Before the Fukushima meltdowns, nuclear energy powered up to 30% of the country's electricity.
Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda said on Thursday that he would decide soon on the restarting of two idle nuclear reactors at Kansai Electric's Ohi nuclear plant.
17 rows is 1.5 inches.
TL;DR fuzzy yarn for soft halo. Twist stripe yarn every two rows and/or when changing colors. Pick up less stitches for gusset to keep edge neat and even. Add optional rows to heel flap to increase the height slightly. Slip stitch method to hide jog rather than knit under method. Consider moving jog to side of foot if wanting a durable sock.
This yarn provides a nice soft halo as in the original sock shaped book. If you want crisp stitch definition as in the second book featuring this pattern, choose a different yarn.
Attempting continental for color. Carrying cc2 and 3 in left hand.
7/28/2014
Okay, so that failed miserably. Tried Portuguese, and two handed knitting, and either way my floats and tension were way off.
Decided to make the blue and purple the less dominant color, and went to 2 pass slipstitch colorwork.
Work all white stitches, slip other color, pass two, work all blue/purple, slip all white. As per colorwork chart.
Takes longer,but can just use one style of knitting and get even tension on both yarns. Praying the float behave this time. Really trying to stretch the stitches out along the needle as I make the floats. Will be able to tell in another row or two if it's working this time.
The colorwork is a small section of this sock, really, it's just a SS tube for goodness sake. I just want to get to the rest of the sock already. Ran a lifeline before start of color work, just in case.
Made it to heel, little tricky to manage yarn. So knit pass 1 2, purl 3 4.
Did not love the knit under solution for smoothing stripes, will try another method next time.
7/29/2014
Having a hard time picking up 15 along the garter edge. 12 or 13 would have been a more comfortable number. Maybe pattern assumed more white worked on heel flap than I did? Also don't love how pattern has a section of 3 height stripes on bottom of foot for first stripe. Without starting and stopping on a purl row unsure how you would avoid that for the heel turn. If on purl side could carry white across half heel cup and then start the color? Hmm.
7/31/2014
Twist yarn when carrying up stripes to prevent peek through of other color. Now I know.
8/5/2014
3 stripes 5 tall of each color before starting 17 rows of toe shaping. One blue row to go. I have 10.5 long feet. The pattern as written sounds like it would fit but my mom's pair was too long / loose in foot, so going shorter.
8/6/2014
Too short. Going to need to rip out finished toe and add a band of color, at least. Will try on again and figure out how many rows to add. Heel being pulled too far down foot because too short on length.
Decided on starting toe on row 5 of 4th 5 high blue stripes. Sock fits just past end of pinky toe at current length. Should be good. Hoping.
Seems okay. Heel should have been longer overall, my error. Need to weave. So. Many. Ends.
8/12/2014
Picking up a stitch next to the stripe change. My stripe change area was far too loose. This is the best way I can think of to fix. Ladder up the slack as a stitch and duplicate stitch to tidy up the increase spot above the heel pattern so the same thing for toe to heel, I guess.
Going to move needles so color change is mid needle next time, and slip first stitch of first row instead of knit below.
8/20/2014
Twisting yarn around working yarn every two rows for stripes. Slipping first stitch of new color on second row is giving me much better results. No gaps or ladders. About 50% done latching up the loose stitches on the first sock. Wheeeeeee. Wish I had done the first sock this way!
8/21/2014
Decided to frog the first sock. Set it up into hanks and try again. Too much I would do differently. Adding heel height, the better yarn carry technique, picking up less stitches along the heel if needed to allow better edge. Slip instead of knit below for stripe jogs.
8/22/2014
Picked up 13 heel stitches, 11 purl bumps, one at corner via two stitch halves, one next to last row of heel turn. Knit away my wraps when I reached them. This seems a much cleaner, saner number. Even if I had knit more than six rows of white I don't think I would have knit four more to accommodate 13 purl bumps. Must be a yarn substitution gauge thing. There just isn't a clean way to pick up 2 more stitches. It ruins the edge. 7 wiggles in is the pickup point. (Sorry readers, that probably only makes sense to me.)
8/26/2014
Stripe 9 of 10 , 4 height stripes. Yarn carrying is neat and wrapped. Only four ends for entire sock foot. Joy! If I knit this again moving yarn shift to side of foot. Who wants to walk on yarn carry spot all day? Silly designer. Definitely a made to be pretty, not to be worn, pattern.
10/10/2014
Finished two other projects rather than 2 inches of SS sock. Telling, telling. I do a few lines here and there but so. Darn. Boring.
3/4/2015
Finished the toe on vacation. Setup up the remaining yarn along with yarn frogged from sock one into hanks and washed it to release the crinkles and create uniform bloom. Then will ball the yarn and knit sock 3, with all the improvements from sock 2, and trying to weave in the ends as I go with the techknitting method. So many joins in the new hanks. Gah.
3-12 yarn needs to be put up into a ball.
4-8 finally balled yarn and started sock 3. After over half a year and several color projects, I can now do two handed knitting. Yay progress.
4-9 reached heel. Spit-joined the white once so far.
4-10 doing colorwork two handed while purling is a bear and a half. So awkward! I think I prefer slip stitch method for this section.
4-12 need to back out a row or two, the garter edge is a little loose on one row. May need to start and stop each edge stitching with my dominant knitting style. I can knit and purl continental but not as neatly, and in context of in the round knitting much better than flat knitting.
4-13 picked up gusset stitches. Starting decreases. Trying to make this a 3/4 year sock not a year sock! It's ridiculous how much I learned between sock 1, 2 and 3. I'Ve learned several new casts on methods, switched to mostly lever knitting from English, can knit colorwork with Contiental yarn in left hand and Lever in right, learned several methods of weave in as you go to handle ends and joins, learned the FLK heel, how to place beads with a crochet hook… Did I pick up traveling loop in the last year? Too bad me and magic loop are still enemies. DPN for life!
4-15 okay. I have to laugh or I will cry. I was doublechecking my stripe patterns on sock 2, and realized sock 3 looked a bit… Different? Oh, yeah, it's like half an inch wider and taller. Son of a bitch. After learning all these tricks and techniques, I didn't think to check my gauge for sock 3. Apparently my knitting has loosened up substantially over the last 9 months. Or maybe it was washing the yarn first. Either way, I should have gone down a needle size for sock 3 and didn't. Damned if I do a sock 4! I am buying a LARGE sock blocker and stretching sock 1 on it, damn it, and it will be Good Enough.
Maybe, some day, I will do this pattern again and do both socks at the same time with two sets of DPN.
6-24-15
Finally finished the toe on the 3rd sock. Weave in ends, wash and block and done.
6-26-2015 I finally finished the weaving in! Oh dear goodness me, it's actually done?! What will I do with myself?
Former Rep. Allen West (R-Fla.) said on Friday that Americans are tiring of President Obama's calls for gun control in the wake of recent mass shootings.
“A good leader waits and takes in the facts bit by bit before making any proclamations,” West wrote in a post on his blog published that morning.
ADVERTISEMENT
“Sadly, President Obama could not restrain himself and went into his normal rant before all the facts were in,” he said of Thursday's massacre at Umpqua Community College in Roseburg, Ore.
“This is not about new ‘gun safety' laws,” West added. "Guns have a safety mechanism on them. And for responsible gun owners, there are gun safety courses that advance individual firearm confidence and proficiency.”
West then argued that Obama is wrong for politicizing incidents like the one a day earlier in Oregon that killed 10 students and wounded 7 more.
“It's not that we've become numb to these shootings and incidents – we are numb to your cherry-picking and ideological bent on every issue,” he wrote of Obama.
“Mr. President, please no more speeches,” West said. "Maybe instead of rants about gun safety laws, we should assess how we eliminate gun free zones where human safety is placed at a disadvantage.”
Obama raged against Congressional gridlock on gun control during a tense press conference late Thursday.
“This is a political choice we make, to allow this to happen every few months in America,” he told reporters. "We collectively are answerable to those families who lose their loved ones because of our inaction.”
“Somehow this has become routine,” Obama added. "The reporting is routine, my response here at this podium ends up being routine. And what becomes routine is the response from those who oppose any sort of gun control legislation.”
Former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani (R) then criticized the president's understanding of firearms use Friday morning.
“I think the president has very little knowledge of what causes crime or how to reduce crime,” he said on Fox News.
“The reality is gun control laws control the behavior of legitimate people,” Giuliani said. "People who rob stores, people who rob banks and people who are insane and want to go ahead and murder people don't follow the gun control laws.”
Chris Harper Mercer, 26, allegedly opened fire on UCC students Thursday afternoon after asking which religion they practiced.
Mercer then reportedly died after exchanging fire with responding law enforcement officials during the incident.
Multiple outlets have since profiled the accused shooter as an isolated, anti-social man with a troubled family background and admiration for the Irish Republican Army.
It's certainly a cozy thing to be an American feminist. You nestle yourself into trouble-free zones to discuss the oppression of the female sex, while not actually risking anything. How very noble and genuine, the struggle for women's “rights” (in a country which affords you everything) isn't.
I am thoroughly frustrated by feminism in general, and its false premise that the sexes should be “equal.” (Hint: They never will be.) But even more exasperating than the endless screeching over myths like the 77-cents-per-every-dollar-a-man-makes, is the very idea that the ultimate fight for females should occur within the United States. What arrogant notions that, firstly, we as American females have a rough go of it, and secondly, that our voices should be heard above others living in actual oppression.
You don't have to look far to realize that victimhood is the flavor of the moment in America. Deeming oneself a victim delivers an afforded reverence, especially if said victimhood is biologically based. We see it in social media driven parades which brandish the cry that “all men are potential rapists.” These pits sex against sex and drives the spotlight away from the real issue, respect vs disrespect, regardless of who is on either side. Currently, radical social objectives such as subsidized birth control, and the concerted push to deflate masculinity, have piggybacked off of the question for equivalency, and a new strain of civil rights-like fighting continues. The focus of American feminists is biological equality, which they've molded into an entire movement against oppression. They fail to accept that nature discriminates from day one, and develop a fanatical resistance to their natural state.
In a recent article on The Nation entitled ‘Does Feminism Have a Class Problem?', feminists themselves discuss the obvious inequality of their own fight for…equality:
“Too often, discussions about so-called culture problems like abortion access and domestic violence lack the economic context necessary to appreciate their true causes and repercussions. When topics such as the pay gap or workplace discrimination come up, coverage is often superficial and focused on the experiences of a tiny elite.”
The tiny elite. In all actuality, this is how American feminists should be categorized. They are the elite in terms of having everything, yet rabidly seeking to demonstrate they still lack. The truth? They lack nothing. Ask a feminist about the opportunities she has not been granted in the United States of America, and her only retort will be “We're still not equal.” She will be unable to catalog opportunities that are denied to American women, in direct opposition to those such as Malala Yousafzai. This brave, young Pakistani girl was shot in the head by the Taliban in response to resisting their tyranny related to her passionate fight for the education of females. Or stories from India and Pakistan, which chronicle the brutal treatment of women who are gang-raped, killed, and hung, where “a lawmaker from Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's ruling party described rape as a social crime, saying ‘sometimes it's right, sometimes it's wrong.' ”
Meanwhile, American feminists themselves wonder :
“What happened? The wave of feminism starting in the 60′s and 70′s was so full of promise. How could we possibly have become — or become know as — a group working largely for the interests of elite white women?”
Allow me to answer that, dear, pondering feminists. Your group, which you reference with nostalgia, moved from the promise of its inception and entrenched itself in social progressivism long before present time. The commitment you romanticize found its life on August 18, 1920 with the ratification of the 19th Amendment, guaranteeing you, your sisters, and even myself, the right to vote.
Iraqi women after voting. (AFP/Getty Images/Newscome/file)
Feminists in the USA, blinded by an ideology that forces them to see everything through the lens of gender, see a land overflowing with plenty, and question why there are not additional entitlements. Females in developing countries seek fundamentals, and understand what it is like to have their natural rights, like the freedom to pursue their own happiness, denied to them. In America, we enjoy 2014. The environments of those countries still seeking freedom (or having just newly discovered it) for female voices, are back at the starting line American suffragettes passed almost 94 years ago. Their struggle for a voice is undoubtedly overpowered by the louder, more prominent voices of American feminists who seek neither the fundamental nor the fair, in favor of a militant thirst for the superfluous.
American feminists, YOU are the tiny elite — bellowing about your faux victimhood while dwelling in freedom. Those American women who laudably fought for basic civil rights (such as voting) are long gone, and you revere a leftist wave of feminism and call it sacred.
Denial is cozy, is it not?
Nathan Hale has long been enshrined as a patriotic American icon for his last words before his hanging by the British, “I only regret that I have but one life to lose for my country.” M. William Phelps, who is the author of the new book The Life and Death of America's First Spy: Nathan Hale, believes Hale never uttered those exact words. But in Phelps's view, that wouldn't in any way take away from the significance and importance of Hale's legacy. One of the defining projects of any Hale biographer would be to make an attempt at separating the folk-lore from reality, and Phelps does a fine job in this account.
Phelps also focuses on how defining Hale's Christian faith was in his brief life asserting “even at a young age, he put Christian values before all else.” Phelps describes Hale as a man who enjoyed his scholarly pursuits and friendships at Yale. The picture that is drawn of Hale is a young man who is committed to his faith, to his family, and serving others. In fact, after his graduation from Yale he went on to serve as a teacher in order to better prepare young minds for the world. One of the many moving accounts of Phelps's book is the wonderful things people say about Hale as a teacher, as a Christian, and as a man of character. An acquaintance noted, “His capacity as a teacher, and the mildness of his mode of instruction, was highly appreciated by Parents & Pupils; his appearance, manners, & temper secured the purest affections of those to whom he was known.” Phelps also makes note of how he impressed people with his ability to express and explain the importance of liberty, and the oppression of the English Crown. His words were magnified even more because he chose them carefully and spoke from the heart.
Hale decided to take a leave of absence from teaching to join Washington's Army. He was commissioned a lieutenant, and he wrote to his father to say, “A sense of duty urged me to sacrifice everything for my country.” Hale's father already had five of his eight sons taking up arms against the British. Hale distinguished himself on the battlefield just as he did as a teacher by being focused on sacrifice, service, and his commitment to being a professional officer.
With Washington's Army in New York, more information was needed about the British troops in the area. Hale enthusiastically volunteered to go undercover to obtain the necessary information. Fellow officers tried to talk him out of it declaring the mission a “death sentence,” and declared that spying was unbecoming of the character of an army officer. Phelps notes:
I.W. Stuart described a spy as a ‘companion of darkness.' There was no way of dressing the job up to appear less dishonest than it was. ‘If he moved in the light,' Stuart wrote, ‘it is behind walls, in the shadow of trees, in the loneliness of clefts, under the cover of hills . . . skulking with the owl, the mole, or the Indian.' One of the problems Nathan faced as a spy was that, on his best day, Nathan Hale was none of those. He embodied the spirit of that compassionate man Asher Wright described: the one who knelt by the bedside of a fellow, a devoted Christian who prayed for a soldier dying next to him in the marsh. He was not an impostor, an actor. However, Nathan's commitment to the cause overrode any of the hazards. He had made a decision and saw it as his duty as an American soldier to follow through with it.
Phelps in his account also reinforces the fact that a well educated man was needed for the mission in order to procure the proper sketches and notes for General Washington. Hale went behind enemy lines disguised as a Dutch school teacher in farm clothes.
Phelps tries to put to rest the often cited account that Hale was spotted and turned in by a loyalist cousin named Samuel Hale, arguing instead new evidence favors that he was tricked into admitting his spying by a ruthless and savvier British Colonel, named Robert Rogers. In any event, on his way back to the American line, Hale was caught and disclosed the details of his mission and was sentenced to death by hanging the next morning for espionage. Hale was refused the presence of a chaplain and a bible before execution, which he had asked to be granted to him. Several British accounts testify to the immense courage Hale displayed and faced even with the certainty of his earthly demise. He warned the onlookers “to be prepared to meet death in whatever shape it may appear.” A captain in the Continental Army, Hale was only twenty-one when he was executed. Phelps declared of Hale:
Nathan accepted his sentence. He stood proudly, head tilted skyward, posture firm, hands tied behind his back. Then, in a phrase that has been misquoted throughout the centuries and turned into a slogan for patriotism, he said, ‘I am so satisfied with the cause in which I have engaged that my only regret is that I have not more lives than one to offer in its service.' This is perhaps the most often misremembered moment in the Nathan Hale story: What did he say moments before he was executed? The line attributed to him – ‘I only regret that I have but one life to lose for my country' – is only a paraphrase of what Nathan actually said, which was reported in the Independent Chronicle on May 17, 1781, as part of an article many believed William Hull narrated to the reporter. But contemporary scholars and historians have said the apocryphal quote was derived from the popular Revolutionary War play Cato. This poetic line fit with the heroism being created around Nathan's legacy at the time it became popular decades after his death. His peers wanted him to be remembered not as a failed spy, but as a hero who spoke with patriotic self-worth at the moment of his death. In contrast, the Essex Journal, on February 2, 1777, reported Nathan's final words as ‘You are shedding the blood of the innocent. If I had ten thousand lives, I would lay them all down, if called to do it, in defence of my injured, bleeding country.'
Hale was left to hang for three days, then cut down and buried in a shallow unmarked grave somewhere “near present-day Third Avenue, between Forty-sixth and Sixty-sixth streets,” according to Phelps. His body was never recovered.
Phelps has crafted a story that helps to make Hale's life remarkable outside of what he is most assuredly known for, his heroic death. His life confidently testifies to devotion to his Savior first, his country, and liberty. Phelps movingly concludes his biography by asserting:
Sesame Street's newest muppet, Julia, brings autism awareness to fans around the world
Posted
Meet Julia. She's small, orange, and she has autism — she's Sesame Street's newest muppet.
Key points: Julia makes her TV debut on Sesame Street in a bid to reduce stigma surrounding autism
In the US one in 68 children is diagnosed with autism spectrum disorder
The show's developers say bringing Julia to life has required years of consultation
The long-running American children's show is hoping her inclusion will help children better understand the condition.
Rather than being treated like an outsider, which often is the plight of kids on the spectrum, the muppet youngster is one of the gang.
In an upcoming scene, Julia is about to play a game with Oscar, Abby and Grover.
The muppet chums have been challenged to spot objects shaped like squares or circles or triangles.
"You're lucky," Abby says to Grover. "You have Julia on your team, and she is really good at finding shapes!"
For more than a year, Julia has existed in print and digital illustrations as the centrepiece of a multifaceted initiative by Sesame Workshop called Sesame Street and Autism: See Amazing in All Children.
She has been the subject of a storybook released along with videos, e-books, an app and website.
The goal is to promote a better understanding of what the Autism Speaks advocacy group describes as "a range of conditions characterised by challenges with social skills, repetitive behaviours, speech and nonverbal communication, as well as by unique strengths and differences".
Now Julia has been brought to life as a muppet.
She makes her TV debut on Sesame Street in the upcoming Meet Julia episode.
Years of research went into new character
Developing Julia and all the other components of this campaign has required years of consultation with organisations, experts and families within the autism community, according to Jeanette Betancourt, Sesame Workshop's senior vice-president of US social impact.
"In the US one in 68 children is diagnosed with autism spectrum disorder," she said.
"We wanted to promote a better understanding and reduce the stigma often found around these children.
"We're modelling the way both children and adults can look at autism from a strength-based perspective: finding things that all children share."
It was with keen interest that puppeteer Stacey Gordon first learned of Julia more than a year ago.
"I said, 'If she's ever a puppet, I want to be Julia!'"
Ms Gordon has a son with autism and, before she started her family, was a therapist to youngsters on the spectrum.
"The Meet Julia episode is something that I wish my son's friends had been able to see when they were small," Ms Gordon said.
"I remember him having meltdowns and his classmates not understanding how to react."
In the introductory segment, Julia is having fun with Abby and Elmo when Big Bird walks up.
He wants to be her new friend, but she doesn't speak to him. He thinks she doesn't like him.
"She does things just a little differently, in a Julia sort of way," Abby informs him.
Julia, chuckling, then displays a different but fun way of playing tag and everyone joins in.
AP
Topics: autism-spectrum-disorder, arts-and-entertainment, television, family-and-children, children---toddlers, children---preschoolers, united-states
Someone is pissed they stole his alien movie pitch. The original V series creator Kenneth Johnson is not very happy with ABC for forcing his alien invasion back onto the telly without his blessing. The weird part is what he wrote on his website.On Johnson's site he writes:
When projects that bore Kenny's original creative stamp and control have been taken on by other people, audiences have seen the results: earlier attempts at reviving V, as well as The Incredible Hulk movies and the recently reimagined Bionic Woman all proved to be serious misfires which unfortunately failed with the critics and with the public. Though ABC is again considering the possibility of developing a TV pilot project, it is a script development deal only and does not in any way affect Kenny's ongoing efforts to remake his original classic as a major motion picture.
Advertisement
Sounds like sour grapes, but why the strange use of the third person to talk about himself? What I read from this is he's pissed because his script, V: The Second Generation didn't fit the bill for Hollywood or they decided to go "another direction" entirely. I understand his pain because he probably spent some amount of time writing it. But let's call a spade a spade — V was a ridiculous melodrama (which I loved). We're not rewriting Shakespeare here, people. I say do them all: The more face-ripping lizard aliens having sex and enslaving our race the better. [Kenneth Johnson]
Sharing the link will drive traffic to the site (i.e., when someone reading your content clicks the link, it will take them to the site and boost the site's traffic). Sharing the link will give the site a boost in search engine rankings.
Links (i.e., URLs) are what makes the web great. We love them, use them regularly, and depend on them for all sorts of things. But once in awhile, we run into problems with our use of links. There are two problems associated with sharing a link to a site you do not wish to promote on your blog or social media accounts (e.g., Twitter, Facebook), both of which are solvable with a little effort:You know that homeopathy website you like to mock? Each time you share a link to it on Twitter, you are contributing to its search engine rank. And you know that awful creationist site you like to use as an example of how evangelical fundamentalist Christianity can rot the mind? When you link to it on Facebook, you are giving it a boost in the search engines. Fortunately, it doesn't have to be this way.Bloggers already have an ingenious way around the second of these problems in the form of the NOFOLLOW attribute . Links containing this tag will not contribute to the site's search engine ranking. However, even links using this tag will drive visitors to the site (problem #1). In many cases, this is fine. We are perfectly willing to send people to the site if they want to go; we just don't want to give them a Google bump while doing so.For those few times when you really don't want to send traffic to a particular site, a service like Freezepage might be worth considering. Freezepage and similar services let you save a web page so you can then link to the saved version on Freezepage instead of the actual page. This solves both our problems in that the site from where the content originated does not benefit in any way. It can also be handy if you want to save the page because you think the owner is likely to change it in some way.When you share links via Twitter or Facebook, you run into the same problems noted above. For #1, services like Freezepage remain worthwhile. But since NOFOLLOW tags are not viable here, we need an alternative solution for #2. And yes, all those links to FtB you have been sharing on your Twitter account are contributing to their search engine rankings.(Skeptical Software Tools) brings news of a tool that sounds like it will be extremely useful for anyone who shares links to sources they do not want to promote on social media: Donotlink.com . Those of you who want to tweet links to blogs or websites you do not wish to promote now have a way to do so without contributing to their search engine rank (although it will still drive traffic to the site in question).Thanks, Tim! Donotlink.com sounds like a great option, and I will certainly give it a try the next time I find myself tempted to link to someone I'd rather not support via social media.As of 2016, it appears that Donotlink.com is dead. The website is blank, and the author is no longer on Twitter.
Over the weekend, Czech voters gave a resounding victory to billionaire Andrej Babis and his ANO party, handing the nationalist party 78 seats in the 200-seat Parliament. Babis, the Czech Republic's second-wealthiest man, will now try to form a government coalition with some of the other eight parties that won seats. The surprise second-place finisher, the Civic Democrats (25 seats), similarly don't want the country to adopt the euro currency, but have ruled out governing in coalition with ANO. In third place, with 22 seats each, are the Pirate party and the anti-Muslim far-right SPD party. The former ruling Social Democrats and the Communist are in sixth place, with 15 votes each.
The results are seen as another blow to the European Union, after recent gains by far-right parties in Austria and Germany, and nationalist toeholds elsewhere in Europe. "This has become a general trend — we've seen it in the Dutch elections, in France, in Germany," Vit Dostal, director of the AMO think tank AMO in Prague, tells Bloomberg. "This phenomenon, the rise of anti-establishment parties, shows that there's a widening gap between the winners and losers of globalization. And that in turn generates negative sentiment toward the EU, which is seen as the embodiment of globalization."
Babis, who was charged with criminal fraud before the vote (and now has parliamentary immunity), isn't expected to be as virulently anti-EU as some other of the new nationalist leaders. "He knows how important the EU is for the Czech economy," says Judy Dempsey at Carnegie Europe. "It wouldn't serve his interests." Peter Weber
By Casey Baseel, SoraNews24
Although he was one of the youngest performers ever to win a lead actor Academy Award, in recent years Nicolas Cage's reputation has been more zany B-movie star than serious thespian. Add in his widely known financial woes and resume of Japanese pachinko commercial appearances, and the idea of Cage becoming the face of a Japanese snack food sub-brand wasn't too far-fetched.
So when photos of the Nicolastick, puffed corn Umaibo sticks in special packages bearing Cage's likeness, appeared earlier this month, plenty of people laughed, but few of them were genuinely shocked. But it turns out the development of the Nicolastick, a marketing move for the delayed Japanese release of Cage's comedy "Army of One" (or "Bin Laden is My Prey," as it's called in Japan), is something that was planned and pulled off without Cage's knowledge.
FilmNation Entertainment, the U.S.-based company in charge of international licensing for "Army of One," has issued an apology for its edible endorsement end run, saying:
“Mr Cage had no prior knowledge that the product was being created, nor did he grant permission to use his likeness in this way…All parties responsible for the creation and announcement of this promotional product sincerely apologize for the use of Mr Cage's image in this manner and any harm that may have been caused to him and his image and reputation.”
FilmNation also went on to reaffirm that the Nicolastick was only ever intended to be a promotional item for "Army of One's" Japanese release, and was never planned for commercial release (as our previous article on the snack stated).
The Nicolasticks were originally intended to be given out with advance tickets to the movie, which go on sale Friday in Japan. FilmNation's apology doesn't explicitly say the promotion has been cancelled, but in light of the statement it seems unlikely that pre-purchasers are actually going to get their Cage-themed snacks. However, since the Nicolastick was supposed to begin distribution today, it's almost a certainty that a large quantity has already been produced, and if anyone in the distribution chain managed to snag one, they're now in possession of a very strange piece of movie memorabilia.
Source: The Wrap via Otakomu
Read more stories from SoraNews24.
-- Star-struck American otaku run into Nicolas Cage while shopping for anime in L.A.
-- Japanese idol placed in safe house after rape threat, official website still lists bust size
-- Fukuoka amusement park draws anger for skating atop 5,000 sea creatures frozen in ice
External Link
https://en.rocketnews24.com/2017/10/12/nicolas-cage-had-no-idea-he-was-being-turned-into-a-snack-food-in-japan/
© SoraNews24
Although we might be seeing some improvements for women behind and in front of the camera, it's important to remember that our job is no where near done.
Women and Hollywood, who have continuously worked to spotlight women and hold the industry accountable, have released an awesome remix of Trooko, K'naan, Snow Tha Product, Riz MC and Residente's great track on The Hamilton Mixtape “Immigrants (We Get the Job Done)” titled “Hollywood (Our Work Isn't Done)” in preparation for the Oscars. In addition to being incredibly catchy, the women in the video rap about the gendered struggles of working in the film industry from confronting the male gaze, to giving punchlines away to costars, to the fact that actresses got not even a third of words in scripts. There are special shoutouts to Hidden Figures, 13th, Moana, and callouts toward Casey Affleck, justice for Amber Heard, and Avengers.
Written and directed by Jo Chiang, who also performs, the video includes the talents of BPQ, Rachel Chung, Anuradha Golder, Bella Pori, Chris Canales, Nora Rose, Thomas Caley, Finley Robins, and Adam Butensky. The sound designer was Ebony P. Donnley, the DP Natalia Bougadellis, 1st AC Martin Blanco, and production manager Daphne Liu.
What did you think about Women and Hollywood's music video?
(featured image via screencap)
Want more stories like this? Become a subscriber and support the site!
—The Mary Sue has a strict comment policy that forbids, but is not limited to, personal insults toward anyone, hate speech, and trolling.—
Follow The Mary Sue on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest, & Google+.
Given the title, I dove into Mark Landler's How Hillary Clinton Became a Hawk prepared for fury – mine. How, I wondered, can the New York Times, which endorsed her, feature such an article on the eve of five – count 'em – important primaries in the east? But titles can be deceiving. They are meant to draw. I have been advised many times that my titles are not snappy enough, but it's hard to evoke snap when you have also been advised that titles lacking Hillary's full name are less likely to be gathered by internet crawlers that aggregate news about her. If you want the traffic, you have to dull it down to mundane Google-bait.
In the flurry of interviews that preceded the New York primary, there was one – and I forget which one now – in which Hillary was asked if she is a hawk. She responded very carefully by differentiating hawkishness from support of the military and emphasizing that she is running to be commander-in-chief, a position that presupposes support of the military. Judging from the title of Landler's piece I was prepared for a polemic asserting her hawkishness. What I found instead was a chronological analysis of her core attitude toward the military. It is fascinating, enlightening, and endearing.
Landler provides behind-the-scenes glimpses into military questions that played out partially in the public eye on the news and largely behind the secure walls of the Situation Room and other recesses of state. To know that Hillary, as a Senator, took the time and trouble to visit every military base in New York state and assess the impact on the wider civilian population of closing any of them is testament to her gritty approach to any work we, as her constituents, assign her.
While the article focuses on Hillary's relationship with the military, its implications are wider in scope. Her style as a leader leaps from the page. She is a go-getter. She gets the the people, the information, and the materials and briefs she needs to decide a position and then to make her case. This is how she operates, and it is impressive.
If you love Hillary – or think you do – from what you know now, you will love her even more when she goes to Fort Drum, home of the Army's 10th Mountain Division (where my dad trained), takes off her shoes, puts her feet on the coffee table and asks a General where a gal can get a cold beer. That is my commander-in-chief! That's our Hillary!
So I strongly recommend, even though we all have a load of work to do over the next few days, that you plan to take a quiet break at some point, put your feet up, and read this article. You will be glad for the information it provides, ammo for the battles we face, and for the pleasure of the read.
IS Hillary Clinton a hawk? This sentence says it all, and we have heard her say this in town halls when asked: “She would look at military force as another realistic option, but only where there is no other option.”
Hillary Clinton sat in the hideaway study off her ceremonial office in the State Department, sipping tea and taking stock of her first year on the job. The study was more like a den — cozy and wood-paneled, lined with bookshelves that displayed mementos from Clinton's three decades in the public eye: a statue of her heroine, Eleanor Roosevelt; a baseball signed by the Chicago Cubs star Ernie Banks; a carved wooden figure of a pregnant African woman. The intimate setting lent itself to a less-formal interview than the usual locale, her imposing outer office, with its marble fireplace, heavy drapes, crystal chandelier and ornate wall sconces. On the morning of Feb. 26, 2010, however, Clinton was talking about something more sensitive than mere foreign affairs: her relationship with Barack Obama. To say she chose her words carefully doesn't do justice to the delicacy of the exercise. She was like a bomb-squad technician, deciding which color wire to snip without blowing up her relationship with the White House. Read more >>>>
Because of Ebola concerns, several cruise lines with voyages that stop along the West African coast have chosen to steer clear of the region, even, in some cases, avoiding bordering countries where no outbreak has been reported.
Holland America canceled stops at ports in Ghana, Gambia and Senegal (so far, there has been just one case reported in Senegal and none in Ghana and Gambia) during a 35-day “African Explorer” voyage on the Rotterdam planned for November and December.
Those ports have been replaced with overnight calls in Cape Town, South Africa and Mindelo in the Cape Verde Islands and a stop in Tangier, Morocco. Seabourn Cruise Lines, Fred. Olsen and Regent Seven Seas have made similar changes to itineraries.
The Cape Verde Islands off the coast of Senegal have imposed a ban on tourists traveling there within 30 days of visiting a West African country. As the islands are an integral part of Fred. Olsen's voyages, the company thought it prudent to omit the West African mainland from its itineraries for the time being, Wendy Jeffreys, a spokeswoman for the cruise line, said.
Very few cruise lines actually visit the region where Ebola cases are originating, Cruise Lines International Association, of which Regent is a member, said in a statement. Nevertheless, all CLIA members have been made aware of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's travel heath notices involving West African countries, the company said.
“For many years, cruise lines have observed and questioned embarking passengers about their health before boarding a ship, including recent or current illnesses and symptoms,” the statement continued. “A passenger exhibiting signs of any illness prior to boarding a ship is checked by health and medical staff who determine if the passenger will be allowed to board or declined and referred to landside medical care.”
With regard to cargo ships entering United States. ports, the Coast Guard's Advance Notice of Vessel Arrival procedures require all inbound vessels to report any sick passengers aboard, as well as the last five port calls made by the ship, among other protocols, Chief Warrant Officer Chad Saylor, a Coast Guard spokesman, said.
The agency is working closely with the C.D.C., Customs and Border Protection and partners in each port, and there is certainly a “heightened awareness” throughout the organization, he said, with regard to the issues involved and making sure everyone is speaking up and reporting incidences.
In August, the Coast Guard issued a nationwide bulletin on behalf of the C.D.C., reminding all vessels of their requirement to report any passengers who had become sick or died aboard the vessel in the 15 days prior to entering a U.S. port.
Earlier this week, the Long Island Sound Coast Guard sector, which includes parts of New York State and Connecticut, issued its own statement saying that it would proactively contact ships that listed a country affected by Ebola among its last five port calls in order to determine if anyone aboard was exhibiting symptoms of the virus.
If eating great street food in Hanoi isn't one of the top reasons why you're thinking about visiting Vietnam's capital, you're in for some mouthwatering surprises once you touch down in Vietnam.
A casual stroll down any of Hanoi's bustling streets and alleyways will offer a number of titillating street food options, but the way to enjoy an authentic Vietnamese meal like a Hanoi city slicker is to know the best places to go.
To give you a definitive list of must-try dishes and where to get them is our very own Travel Specialist and self-professed foodie, Truong Thu Lan.
Bun – Obama's favorite street food in Hanoi
Bun is a noodle dish served with meat, fish or even crab. There are more than ten kinds of bun: bun cha, bun rieu cua, bun bo nam bo, bun moc, bun thang, and the list goes on…Bun cha is my favorite lunch dish, and it's popular among both locals and foreigners. You might even remember US President Obama and celebrity chef Anthony Bourdain sitting down to a bun cha lunch while visiting Hanoi recently!
For the best bun cha in town, go to 34 Hang Thanh Street. Their pork patties and slices of pork belly are grilled over hot coals and served with fish sauce, tangy vinegar, sugar and lime, which, when combined, creates a kind of barbecue soup that is heaven to eat with rice vermicelli and fresh herbs.
Mien Luon Xoa – good street food for a lunch in Hanoi
Mien luon xao makes for a great, quick lunch or dinner. The fried eel with noodles (with or without soup) is best eaten at a street-side vendor. My favorite is at 87 Hàng Điếu, Hoàn Kiếm. They have great, quick service, as well as a tasty local ice tea to balance out the spiciness of the chili.
Bun ca – sweet and sour street food
Bun ca, a noodle soup with deep-fried pork and fish rolls, has a tomato base paired with a kind of garlic shoot. The bold, garlic flavor of the soup really sets it apart from other soup dishes you'll encounter in the city. Depending on the restaurant, you may also find a piece of pineapple in the soup!
I'm not the biggest fan of fruit in my soup, but for bun ca I'm willing to make an exception. The sweet of the fruit and the sour of the soup perfectly pair with the star of the show—the crispy fish. You can find bun ca on many Hanoi alleys, however I think 105 Quan Thanh is the best.
Com binh dan – the working class street dish
Com binh dan, commonly known as “working class rice,” is also sometimes called cơm bụi, or “dust rice.” These terms refer to the unpretentious and inexpensive eateries that serve middle-class Vietnamese. The dishes served in any given place can vary wildly.
These are essentially the roadside diners of Vietnam. In fact, they are called “dust rice” for their ubiquity on busy roads with seats spilling over right onto the pavement. You can easily find com binh dan down any street in Hanoi.
Pho – the legendary street food in Hanoi
Pho is Vietnam's most famous dish. A rice noodle soup served with fresh herbs, it's become popular all over the world, but my favorite pho restaurants in Hanoi are located at 49 Bat Dan Street for beef and 7 Nam Ngu for chicken. Because pho is traditionally served at breakfast, you'll find pho vendors all over town from before dawn to mid-morning.
The ingredients can vary, but we locals prefer two variations: pho ga (with chicken) and pho bo (with beef). Every bowl is customizable to your tastes with a side of bean sprouts, chilies, hoisin sauce and fresh Vietnamese herbs.
Xoi – the street food to get quickly stuffed
Xoi is a kind of sticky rice for people who want to get stuffed, fast. Ladies with giant baskets of warm sticky rice haunt many Hanoi alleys. Locals love it as a daily breakfast (like pho). The rice is topped with lotus root, roasted garlic and whatever meat or fish happens to be on hand.
A Hanoi ‘institution' is Xoi Yen, located at 35N Nguyen Huu Huan, Hoan Kiem.
Banh cuon – the famous Hanoi street food dish
Banh cuon is a famous Hanoi dish. These rice-flour rolls wrapped around minced mushrooms and pork are a warm, wonderful way to start the day. Skillful chefs always put on a big show to display how this scrumptious dish is prepared.
I love going to the beautiful Hanoi Old Quarter for some top-notch bahn cuon at 14 Hang Ga Street, which has been serving this dish for generations.
Street food in Hanoi on a map
So, ready to pound the pavement of Hanoi in search of scrumptious street food? Let our insiders show you where to go on our 5-day Hanoi Culture and Cuisine tour, which features a traditional Vietnamese opera or chamber music performance, a tai chi class in the botanical gardens, and a sumptuous dinner with the descendent of a famous Vietnamese cook of the 1930s!
Or, if you'd like to ask Thu Lan a question on Vietnamese cuisine, just contact her directly. Happy eating!
DreamHost, a Los Angeles-based web hosting provider and domain name registrar, says the Department of Justice (DOJ) wants them to hand over an 1.3 million visitor IP (internet protocol) addresses. This request would include “contact information, email content and photos of thousands of people” who might have been involved in organizing protests against President Donald J. Trump back on Inauguration Day.
DreamHost says in a blog post: “At the center of the requests is disruptj20.org, a website that organized participants of political protests against the current United States administration. While we have no insight into the affidavit for the search warrant (those records are sealed), the DOJ has recently asked DreamHost to provide all information available to us about this website, its owner, and, more importantly, its visitors.”
This could be used to identify any protesters who used disruptj20.org to exercise and express First Amendment-protected political speech.
DreamHost is challenging the request in court.
“In essence, the Search Warrant not only aims to identify the political dissidents of the current administration,” says Chris Ghazarian, general counsel for DreamHost, “but attempts to identify and understand what content each of these dissidents viewed on the website.”
DreamHost published links to documents filed by the DOJ and arguments from DreamHost as to why this invasion of privacy would chill free speech.
The DOJ's argument begins: “The United States of America, by and through its attorney, the United States attorney for the District of Columbia, hereby moves the court to order DreamHost, Inc. to show cause why DreamHost should not be compelled to comply with a warrant issued by this court….”
It is common for companies like Google, Facebook, Verizon and so on to get warrants from courts requiring them to provide information on individuals accused of a crime, but this is a wholesale effort to obtain information on protesters. It is also much broader than a case now underway, also by the DOJ, to force Glassdoor, an online job-review website, to give up the personal information of people who anonymously reviewed a company the DOJ is investigating. (I wrote about this case here.)
As government is now interested in whether you criticized a company they might be investigating or even if you organized a protest, keeping your privacy and therefore freedom increasingly means knowing how to safeguard it online.
There are actually several easy ways to hide your IP address as you navigate the Web. The best way is with a Virtual Private Network (VPN). A VPN allows you to connect to another network, which means your computer uses the IP address from the VPN provider. If you login in via a VPN all the traffic from your computer goes through the VPN network.
Setting up a VPN depends on the system you're using, but it isn't hard. Actually, there are a lot of companies out there already vying for your business.
Another way is to use Tor. The Tor Browser is a free software program you download. When you use it your signal is sent through thousands of relays that wipes out your IP address. This is basically the Dark Web.
Another simple way to hide your IP address is to login through a coffee shop's free WiFi. You shouldn't do private things like online banking on these open networks, but if you want to organize or check out a coming political rally that you don't want Big Brother to tie you to then you could do so over a public WiFi, as your IP address doesn't travel with your computer.
Miniter's new book, Kill Big Brother, is now available on Amazon.
author: Michael Cheng
Automakers are currently rushing to acquire experience (in the form of time and autonomous miles driven) on public roads for their driverless cars. Like Waymo, developers could use the results to ease the concerns of regulators and buyers, while honing their autonomous platform for commercial markets. To help diversify the conditions that self-driving vehicles are exposed to, federal officials are allowing states to propose various "testing grounds" for pilot programs.
So far this year, most car manufacturers have selected very predictable locations, such as San Francisco, Austin and Las Vegas, to deploy their driverless vessels. The Maryland Department of Transportation (MDOT) aims to break this trend by proposing a new region for testing - I-95 between the University of Maryland to the south and Aberdeen Proving Ground to the north.
New Opportunities
The proposed location will be included in the list of testing areas, which will be announced in early 2017. Should federal officials move forward with setting up programs on the busy interstate that supports major junctions at Daytona Beach, Florida (I-4); New York City, New York (I-87); Philadelphia, Pennsylvania (I-76); and Richmond, Virginia (I-64); Maryland could be a hotspot for driverless car manufacturers.
A closer look at the proposed I-95 corridor route suggests that mature autonomous systems may be needed to safely navigate around the location. Self-driving vehicles would be required to pass through iconic establishments, such as the Helen Delich Bentley Port of Baltimore and BWI Airport – heavily congested areas that are filled with travelers, commuters and major obstructions.
"Self-driving vehicles have the potential to transform how we live and work, and while we are open for business and eager to realize the life-saving and economic benefits of this innovative technology, we will always ensure safety comes first," said Christine E. Nizer, MDOT's motor vehicle administrator.
Automating Industrial Processes
A very unique aspect of testing in Maryland includes industrial applications for driverless vessels. In the state's proposal, officials specifically want to apply the technology to streamline freight transportation to and from the port. Furthermore, local groups intend to use autonomous pods to shuttle travelers to and from BWI airport. If selected, Maryland-based researchers could also use this opportunity to understand how driverless vehicles perform around tolling systems on I-95 and the ICC.
"We are in the process of developing clear policies and procedures for companies eager to test AV technologies on public roads in Maryland," explained Nizer.
In other locations around the US, state transportation organizations are already participating in pilot programs. Earlier this year, the US Army Tank Automotive Research, Development and Engineering Center (TARDEC) and the Michigan Department of Transportation (MDOT) announced that it will be testing a fleet of classified vehicles on I-69 in Michigan's St. Clair and Lapeer counties. During testing, military developers focused on driverless radio communication protocols, such as V2V and V2I. To facilitate the convoy, the Army installed six radio units along the highway (five temporary locations and one permanent). Based on the setup, the group could also be gathering data for tank or truck platooning.
Dom Wolf, born in London to German parents, hits bureaucratic wall trying to apply for British passport after Brexit vote
A man born in London to German parents has been told he cannot get a British passport unless he takes a UK citizenship test because he cannot prove his mother was legally in the country when she gave birth.
Dom Wolf, 32, said he felt betrayed by the country in which he was born and has written to Theresa May in the hope she can intervene.
Wolf's parents came to Britain in 1974 with his mother working for the University of London as a lecturer and his father being self-employed. He has been told by authorities he needs to provide proof they were here legally, even though they were entitled to live and work in Britain under EU law.
Scrap insurance rule for stay-at-home parents from EU, says Tory MP Read more
In his letter to the prime minister, Wolf explained that his parents gave him a German passport as a reminder of his heritage when he was born and he never considered applying for a British one until the Brexit referendum because it was never necessary.
“Holding a British birth certificate and having had my parents live, work and raise four boys in the UK for over 42 years, I made the devastating assumption that this would be an easy process. Oh boy was I wrong,” he told her.
In the letter, Wolf said he had been told by the Passport Office his birth certificate was not enough and he had to provide tax or employment records for his mother.
The University of London does not have records from 1982, when Wolf's mother was working there before his birth, so she made a subject access request for all the historic data from Revenue & Customs offices. HMRC told her it did not have records, resulting in Wolf being told he would be treated like an immigrant seeking naturalisation.
“I'm advised to apply for residency in the UK – is this a bad joke? Residency in a country I was born in!” he wrote in his letter.
He said it was absurd that someone in his position should have to sit an English-language proficiency test or be questioned on the history or culture of Britain.
“In accordance with the beloved Passport Office I need to pay £1,121 and undergo a ‘Welcome to your new life in the UK' test, to prove I can speak English, know who Queen Lizzy is and can sing Candle in the Wind. Madness.
“I feel I am stuck in the middle of … hopeless bureaucracy,” said Wolf, an economics graduate working in the City of London. “I have incurred a student loan of £30k in the UK and I pay a rather large chunk of my wages into the tax pot. I feel offended and let down by the country of my birth and might just move to a nice offshore location and start paying into their tax system instead. Why should I pay money to become a formal ‘resident' or be forced to go back to a country I have never lived in?” he wrote.
“I hold an EU German passport. An unwanted residue from my parents, to remind me of their heritage. They moved to the UK in 1974 and lived here accordingly for the majority of their lives (over 42 years to date). I was born in Westminster, London, and have never lived in any country other than the UK. I went to school and university in the UK and I speak fairly intolerable German and Spanish (a product of our education system),” he said.
Wolf has not yet received a reply from the prime minister.
He also expressed his frustration that the Passport Office, which he said was “very sympathetic”, could not correspond with HMRC to get supporting documentation.
“I'd pay £200 extra just to have the Passport Office picks up the phone and ask HMRC for their records. Every time you ask HMRC something it takes 40 days to get a response and then it's ‘we don't have a record', and then you have to write again,” Wolf told the Guardian.
German neuroscientist also told to leave UK after residency rejection Read more
After an intervention by John Glen, the Conservative MP for Wolf's constituency of Salisbury and South Wiltshire, the office of the immigration minister, Robert Goodwill, responded to say Wolf should try to get records from his father's side.
Wolf said he could not get records of his father's business and was looking at joining the queue of EU citizens applying for citizenship in order to guarantee their rights post-Brexit. “I don't know what is going on, it just seems impossible to get records from 32 years ago,” he said.
The letter from Goodwill's office made it plain that the problem was Wolf's to solve.
“Nationality is a matter of law and not something over which HM Passport Office has any discretion,” said the letter, signed by Jen Hawkins of the parliamentary correspondence unit.
Glenn told Wolf the citizenship process “would be wholly inappropriate, expensive and time-consuming for someone in your position: raised, educated and working in the UK.”
The Home Office said that “at no point has Mr Wolf been asked to take a Life in the UK test”. He was advised to contact the visa and immigration office “to discuss citizenship options” should he not be able to find the evidence required by the Passport Office.
Wolf's case is just one of a number that have come to light in recent weeks showing the struggles EU citizens settled in Britain are having to assert their rights to remain in the country.
Since the referendum, tens of thousands of EU citizens have decided to apply for a document confirming they have permanent residency rights, a prerequisite for citizenship. Many are being failed by the bureaucracy even though they have lived in the country for decades.
In one case, a Dutch woman, who has two British children and has lived in the country for 24 years, was not only rejected but received a letter advising her to make preparations to leave the country.
Long-time residents left in limbo by Brexit vote | Letters Read more
The rejection was over a technicality as she had provided a solicitor-certified copy of her passport instead of the original, but the Home Office, instead of requesting the original, issued its standard “prepare to leave” letter.
At least a dozen other EU citizens have told the Guardian they have received the same letter, including the German neuroscientist Sam Schwarzkopf and the aerospace executive Lars Graefe.
In another case, a British man fears his Dutch wife of 30 years and the mother of their children is at risk following the Brexit vote because she has not had private health insurance, which EU citizens are required to have if they are not working.
His MP, Sarah Wollaston, an influential Tory backbencher, has called for the little-known requirement for comprehensive sickness insurance to be scrapped as it could jeopardise the rights of stay-at-home parents, other homemakers, students, disabled people and carers.
• This story was amended on 5 January 2017 to make clear that Dom Wolf's mother was working for the University of London.
A news release from the Michigan State Police Cyber Command Center said it began an investigation after being contacted by staff at Adrian College.
ADRIAN — A woman who made history on the “Jeopardy!” television game show has been charged with accessing co-workers' email accounts at Adrian College.
Stephanie June Jass, 47, of Tecumseh was arraigned Tuesday morning in Lenawee County District Court on two felony counts: one of unauthorized access to a computer, computer program or network; and another of using a computer to commit a crime. The charge of using a computer to commit a crime is punishable by up to seven years in prison, a $5,000 fine and being ordered to pay the cost of prosecution. The unauthorized access charge is punishable by up to five years in prison, a $10,000 fine and the cost of prosecution.
A news release from the Michigan State Police Cyber Command Center said it began an investigation after being contacted by staff at Adrian College, who alleged Jass may have accessed several Adrian College accounts without authorization. The release said the charges were authorized after a forensic examination of the digital evidence.
The arrest warrant said the activity happened on April 25.
Jass was in court with her attorney, Raymond Correll of Farmington Hills. She waived a reading of the charges, and Judge Laura J. Schaedler scheduled a preliminary hearing for Dec. 12. A personal recognizance or $20,000 bond was continued.
Schaedler told Correll that she is “acquainted tangentially” with Jass, who performed at the Croswell Opera House while Schaedler was on the Croswell's board of trustees. She said she has also had a connection with her through a career education program and “a recent situation in Tecumseh” where they were both present.
Correll told Schaedler they were OK with her presiding over the case while it's in district court.
Jass gained fame in 2012 when she set the record for longest winning by streak a woman on “Jeopardy!” at seven games before losing her eighth. She is no longer the record-holder for longest winning streak by a woman. Julia Collins won 20 games in 2014.
Jass performed a cabaret-style show at the Croswell in 2014 that combined songs with stories about being on “Jeopardy!”. She also performs in a singing group.
A statement from Adrian College referred to Jass as a “former faculty member.” She was a history professor at the college.
“Adrian College wants to sincerely thank the Michigan State Police and the Lenawee County Prosecutor's Office for their thorough investigation and for ultimately bringing charges in this crime,” the college's statement said. “Privacy rights are a fundamental principle of our American democracy, and Adrian College stands with those who protect these rights.”
A message was left with Correll seeking comment on the case.
Almost 40 years and a half-dozen movies later, even fans of the Alien franchise may have trouble pinpointing exactly what they need to know going into Ridley Scott's Alien: Covenant.
The film takes place about 10 years after 2012's Prometheus, and about 18 years before 1979's Alien. For many viewers, the only films that really matter are Alien and James Cameron's 1986 Aliens, but the new film (which is receiving strong reviews) heavily draws from Prometheus, and even weaves in mythology from some of the less well-regarded installments.
Below, Heat Vision has assembled a refresher course on what you truly need to know before seeing Alien: Covenant.
Engineers made Alien Xenomorphs to be used as biological weapons.
It has been quite a few years since Prometheus hit the big screen. So here's a refresher: Most of the movie dealt with the crew of the spaceship Prometheus trying to communicate with an alien group we call the Engineers. We are led to believe that these engineers brought life to Earth, and as the movie unfolds, we learn they have created biological weapons to take that life away. Fortunately for us, they never made it back to Earth.
Little is known about the parasitic life forms the Engineers created, but most of the creatures are connected to a mysterious black goo. Many different species who want nothing more than to infect another biological life form live in the goo, but the goo itself is also able to cause mutations.
The survivors of the Prometheus went off to find the Engineers at the end of the film.
Let's go back even further, and look at how Prometheus began: After coordinates to a distant planet were discovered in cave paintings around the world, the voyage of Prometheus was commissioned by the elderly and terminally ill Peter Weyland (Guy Pearce), in a attempt to speak to his creators, and as a last-ditch effort to learn the secret to immortality. Weyland failed, and he and entire crew of Prometheus were killed, except for Elizabeth Shaw (Noomi Rapace) and the severely damaged android, David (Michael Fassender) — whom, by the way, Weyland himself created. After learning the Engineer's plan, Shaw and David set off in a spaceship for the Engineer's home world in an attempt to understand why they wanted to destroy the human race that they themselves had created.
Different types of Aliens are created after cross-species infections.
Not until the closing moments of Prometheus did we even understand how the events from the film tied into the Alien universe. David, an android with mysterious motivations, inexplicably infects shipmate Charlie (Logan Marshall-Green) with a small drop of the black goo in his drink (it seems David, an artificial creation, has an interest in becoming a creator himself). After Charlie makes love to his wife Elizabeth, he unknowingly passes on an infection of a squid-like alien. In a horrifically memorable scene, Elizabeth is forced to have an automated Cesarean section to remove it (without anesthesia). Later in the film, a squid alien (officially known as a Trilobite) has grown considerably larger than the Engineer it captures, and ends up parasitically infecting the Engineer as well. In the closing moments of the film, we see a new alien burst from the Engineer's chest. The surprise is, this alien, spawned from a single drop of black goo, cross-infected by two human hosts, a squid alien and an Engineer, looks more like the Alien Xenomorphs that we're already familiar with from the Alien franchise.
Alien facehuggers don't exclusively infect humans.
Throughout the entire franchise, we've seen alien facehuggers infect humans, creating the Xenomorph that we are so accustomed to. There are actually more infection possibilities than just humans, as seen in 1992's Alien 3, when we see a face hugger infect a dog. This alien Xenomorph was faster than most, and ran on all fours, taking some traits from its canine host. In the directors cut of Alien 3, we see a Xenomorph spawned from a bull. The only other time we have seen the series experiment with different types of Xenomorphs was with a “Predalien” in Alien vs Predator: Requiem, but it is better if we just forget about that movie all together. But keep all of this in mind when seeing Covenant.
Xenomorphs behave differently if they are in proximity to their queen.
In Alien, we get a lone-wolf Xenomorph stalking the crew of a spaceship on its return to Earth. In the sequel, Aliens, we witness more of the "hive mind experience." In this movie, we see Xenomorphs capture the young character Newt (Carrie Henn), in order to take her back to the queen for infection. In films featuring no queen, the Xenomorphs have only one goal: kill everything. Our point: it's important to remember that yes, depending on who they are around, a Xenomorph may act differently.
Alien: Covenant opens Friday. Stay tuned to Heat Vision for much more.
History Edit
Occurrence Edit
Chemistry Edit
Natural production Edit Natural vanillin is extracted from the seed pods of Vanilla planifolia, a vining orchid native to Mexico, but now grown in tropical areas around the globe. Madagascar is presently the largest producer of natural vanillin. As harvested, the green seed pods contain vanillin in the form of its β-D-glucoside; the green pods do not have the flavor or odor of vanilla.[24]
β-D-glucoside of vanillin β-D-glucoside of vanillin After being harvested, their flavor is developed by a months-long curing process, the details of which vary among vanilla-producing regions, but in broad terms it proceeds as follows: First, the seed pods are blanched in hot water, to arrest the processes of the living plant tissues. Then, for 1–2 weeks, the pods are alternately sunned and sweated: during the day they are laid out in the sun, and each night wrapped in cloth and packed in airtight boxes to sweat. During this process, the pods become dark brown, and enzymes in the pod release vanillin as the free molecule. Finally, the pods are dried and further aged for several months, during which time their flavors further develop. Several methods have been described for curing vanilla in days rather than months, although they have not been widely developed in the natural vanilla industry,[25] with its focus on producing a premium product by established methods, rather than on innovations that might alter the product's flavor profile. Biosynthesis Edit Some of the proposed routes of vanillin biosynthesis While the exact route of vanillin biosynthesis in V. planifolia is currently unknown, several pathways are proposed for its biosynthesis. Vanillin biosynthesis is generally agreed to be part of the phenylpropanoid pathway starting with L-phenylalanine,[26] which is deaminated by phenylalanine ammonia lyase (PAL) to form t-cinnamic acid. The para position of the ring is then hydroxylated by the cytochrome P450 enzyme cinnamate 4-hydroxylase (C4H/P450) to create p-coumaric acid.[27] Then, in the proposed ferulate pathway, 4-hydroxycinnamoyl-CoA ligase (4CL) attaches p-coumaric acid to coenzyme A (CoA) to create p-coumaroyl CoA. Hydroxycinnamoyl transferase (HCT) then converts p-coumaroyl CoA to 4-coumaroyl shikimate/quinate. This subsequently undergoes oxidation by the P450 enzyme coumaroyl ester 3'-hydroxylase (C3'H/P450) to give caffeoyl shikimate/quinate. HCT then exchanges the shikimate/quinate for CoA to create caffeoyl CoA, and 4CL removes CoA to afford caffeic acid. Caffeic acid then undergoes methylation by caffeic acid O-methyltransferase (COMT) to give ferulic acid. Finally, vanillin synthase hydratase/lyase (vp/VAN) catalyzes hydration of the double bond in ferulic acid followed by a retro-aldol elimination to afford vanillin.[27] Vanillin can also be produced from vanilla glycoside with the additional final step of deglycosylation.[28] In the past p-hydroxybenzaldehyde was speculated to be a precursor for vanillin biosynthesis. However, recently it was demonstrated by radiolabelled precursor studies that p-hydroxybenzaldehyde do not synthesis vanillin or vanillin glucoside in the vanilla orchids.[27] Chemical synthesis Edit The demand for vanilla flavoring has long exceeded the supply of vanilla beans. As of 2001 , the annual demand for vanillin was 12,000 tons, but only 1,800 tons of natural vanillin were produced.[29] The remainder was produced by chemical synthesis. Vanillin was first synthesized from eugenol (found in oil of clove) in 1874–75, less than 20 years after it was first identified and isolated. Vanillin was commercially produced from eugenol until the 1920s.[30] Later it was synthesized from lignin-containing "brown liquor", a byproduct of the sulfite process for making wood pulp.[9] Counterintuitively, though it uses waste materials, the lignin process is no longer popular because of environmental concerns, and today most vanillin is produced from the petrochemical raw material guaiacol.[9] Several routes exist for synthesizing vanillin from guaiacol.[31] At present, the most significant of these is the two-step process practiced by Rhodia since the 1970s, in which guaiacol (1) reacts with glyoxylic acid by electrophilic aromatic substitution.[32] The resulting vanillylmandelic acid (2) is then converted via 4-Hydroxy-3-methoxyphenylglyoxylic acid (3) to vanillin (4) by oxidative decarboxylation.[4] Biochemistry Edit Several studies have suggested that vanillin can affect the performance of antibiotics in laboratory conditions.[33][34]
Uses Edit
Adverse effects Edit
Vanillin can trigger allergic reactions,[38] as well as migraine headaches in a small fraction of the people who experience migraines.[39]
Ecology Edit
Scolytus multistriatus, one of the vectors of the Dutch elm disease, uses vanillin as a signal to find a host tree during oviposition.[40]
See also Edit
References Edit
The wonderful thing about the Internet is that it lets people who love to do insane things instantly show off their creations to the rest of the world. One such person is Jeff Keacher, who has written at The Kernel about his experience hooking up his ancient 1986 Macintosh Plus up to the modern Internet via an incredibly lengthy and comically intricate process that involved installing the old-timey MacWeb 2.0 browser, hooking the computer up to a home network through a Raspberry Pi, and using a potpourri of archaic software and code tweaks to actually get the machine to properly render HTTP.
FROM EARLIER: No one is safe: All 4 major web browsers hacked at Pwn2Own
The bottom line is, this crazy patchwork system somehow worked and was able to bring the Internet to an extremely old computer. And how did it look, you ask?
“It even looked surprisingly decent, almost like a mobile browser,” Keacher informs us. “Sure, it was slow as hell, but it worked! Data loaded, pages rendered, and links were clickable. Even forms sort of worked. Did I mention it was slow? It was slow. Soooo sloooow. Slow slow slow. Like, minutes to read and render a page slow.”
In other words, Keacher put a ridiculous amount of work into completing a project of questionable utility to achieve a result that delivered an extremely frustrating and subpar user experience. And Keacher is proud to have done it anyway. This really is why we love the Internet.
To get a look at how webpages look on a 1986 Mac Plus, check out Keacher's full article by clicking here.
The Mosul operation has made the predominant Turkmen city of Tal Afar the latest focus of Turkey and Iran's sectarian struggle for influence in post-Islamic State Iraq. Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan has warned against allowing Iran-backed Shiite militias to liberate the city. He deployed troops to the Iraqi border to back up his words. Erdoğan's interest in Tal Afar is an extension of a domestic agenda to further consolidate his powers under an executive presidential system. The Turkish president knows that Iraq's Turkmen are crucial to his political future – both for mobilizing nationalist sentiment at home and for burnishing his image as patron of Sunni Muslims abroad.
Iraq's Turkmen are the remnants of centuries of Turkic migration to the region, particularly after the area came under the Ottoman Empire in the 16th century. Post-Ottoman, republican Turkey considered the Mosul area part of the Turkish “homeland” until 1926, when it agreed it would be part of British-controlled Iraq in return for part of its oil revenues. More recently, Erdoğan fanned the flames of irredentism by floating the idea of a “Greater Turkey” including Mosul and other neighboring territories.
Iraq's Turkmen are estimated to number anywhere between 500,000 to 3 million, making them the country's third-largest ethnic group – comprising 1.3 to 7.8 percent of the population – after Arabs and Kurds. Like the Arabs (and to a lesser extent Kurds), the country's Turkmen are religiously diverse: Roughly six in 10 are Sunni and the rest Shia. On top of that layer, local and tribal alliances have formed, cutting across sectarian lines. None of the major Turkmen organizations in Iraq, including the Turkmen Rescue Foundation – an advocacy group – and the Iraqi Turkmen Front – a political umbrella organization – represents a particular sect exclusively.
Turkmen ties with Ankara are complicated. While some welcome Ankara's recent aid and cooperation, others cling to the belief that Turkey has abandoned them for decades. Ankara was relatively silent during the murder of thousands of Turkmen under Saddam Hussein's rule and after. More recently, Turkey issued only a muted response to the Islamic State seizing Iraqi-Turkmen towns and committing massacres in Tal Afar, Amirli, and villages south of Kirkuk in June 2014. Thus, despite their linguistic and ancestral kinship with Turkey, most Iraqi Turkmen consider themselves part of Iraq.
Nonetheless, Ankara has refused to withdraw the hundreds of soldiers it has placed near Mosul since last year to trainSunni fighters against the Islamic State, despite calls from Baghdad to do just that. Erdoğan fears a refugee flow to Turkish borders: Despite his brazen use of Syrian refugees as a bargaining chip with the European Union, the Turkish president is feeling the economic and security pressures of hosting almost 3 million refugees from Syria and Iraq. More important, Ankara is worried about the growing presence of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) in nearby Sinjar, as well as increased Iranian influence along its border in northern Iraq. Ultimately though, Erdoğan casts himself as the protector of Turkey's ethno-cultural relatives, the Turkmen – as well as Sunnis generally – across the region. He has even demanded that only “Sunni Arabs, Turkmen and Sunni Kurds” remain in Mosul, conveniently glossing over the sectarian divisions among the Turkmen themselves.
Most Iraqi Turkmen are alarmed by Turkey's sectarian rhetoric. On October 3, the Turkmen Rescue Foundation published a scathing response to Erdoğan's vows to defend Tal Afar's Turkmen against Shiite militias, demanding he “respect Iraqi diversity” and condemning him for interfering in its affairs. Asked recently whether he is Sunni or Shia, the leader of the nationalist Turkmen Hak Party responded simply, “I am Turkmen.” Another Iraqi-Turkmen representative lamented that other Iraqis “see Turkmens as one and the same with Turkey,” and that the Turkmen, therefore, tend to pay the price for Erdoğan's bluster.
Some Iraqi Turkmen also feel Turkey's strong political and economic ties with Iraq's Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) have come at their expense, and that Ankara has sided with the country's Kurds against them. Turkmen feel mistreated by the Kurds, a reality that they say Ankara has done little to alleviate despite its political influence on the KRG President Masoud Barzani in Erbil. This sentiment is particularly pronounced among the Turkmen of Kirkuk, a city contested by both Kurds and Turkmen. Ankara's policies have actually hurt the Turkmen, community leaders say. “For Turkey economic politics come first, Sunni [politics] come second and we are third,” one Iraqi Turkmen politician said.
Despite the rhetoric, Erdoğan is clearly less concerned about Iraqi Turkmen than about his own domestic agenda: the consolidation of power in a centralized presidential system. Seen in that vein, the Turkish president's firebrand rhetoric on the Turkmen paradoxically helps him solidify the nationalist vote at home, helping him cement the majority necessary for a constitutional referendum to bolster the power of the presidency.
Ankara's treatment of the Turkmen is unfortunate on many levels. Perhaps the worst fallout of this policy, however, has been its denial of an alternative role for the Turkmen – one in which they could present a secular civic model of unity in a fractured and embattled Iraq. As the country's third largest minority with a professed commitment to the national unity with all of Iraq's ethnic and religious diversity, the Turkmen – with the encouragement of an ecumenical Turkish policy – could have offered a viable post-sectarian model to their fellow citizens.
Iraqi Turkmen are between a rock and a hard place. Indeed, they are stuck between Erdoğan's domestic objective of one-man rule and his regional policy of Sunni sectarianism. Both agendas have turned out to be disastrous for the Turkmen so far, and there is scant reason to expect their fortunes to improve any time soon.
Aykan Erdemir is a senior fellow at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies, where Merve Tahiroglu is a research analyst. Follow them on Twitter @aykan_erdemir and @MerveTahiroglu
Jimmy Kimmel choked up in an emotional response to the deadly attack, while Seth Meyers had a pointed message for Congress.
Late-night hosts dedicated a portion of their Monday night shows to speaking out about gun violence in the wake of the tragic events that unfolded in Las Vegas on Sunday night.
The deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history left at least 59 people dead and 527 more injured after a gunman opened fire on an outdoor country music festival from the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay Hotel on the Las Vegas Strip.
Nevada native Jimmy Kimmel opened Monday night's Live! with an emotional response to the shooting, choking up as he addressed the news at the start of the show.
"Here we are again in the aftermath of another terrible, inexplicable, shocking and painful tragedy — this time in Las Vegas, which happens to be my hometown," he said, holding back tears. "And, of course, we pray for the victims — and for their families and friends, and we wonder why, even though there's probably no way to ever know why a human being would do something like this to other human beings who were at a concert having fun, listening to music."
Kimmel continued, "And, as a result of that this morning, we have children without parents and fathers without sons, mothers without daughters.... It's the kind of thing that makes you want to throw up. Or give up. It's too much to even process."
Singling out "our so-called leaders" and questioning why they continue to allow these deadly acts of violence to happen, he asked, "Or maybe a better question — why do we continue to let them allow it to happen?"
The host noted that his stance wasn't about gun control but about "common sense."
"Common sense says no good will ever come from allowing a person to have weapons that can take down 527 Americans at a concert," he said. "Common sense says you don't let those who suffer from mental illness buy guns."
Kimmel also addressed White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders' comments earlier that day, when she said it was "not the time" for political debate: "Well, thank you, Sarah, but we have 58 innocent people dead — and it wasn't their time either — so now is the time for political debate."
Kimmel urged viewers to take action and "tell your congresspeople to do something. It's not enough to send your love and prayers."
Late Night host Seth Meyers began his show by sending his condolences to the families of the victims and commending the first responders and heroic residents who "risked their lives to save strangers."
"It always seems like the worst displays of humanity in this country are immediately followed by the best, and then, sadly, that is followed by no action at all. And then it repeats itself," Meyers said, before sending a pointed message to Congress.
"I would just like to say — are there no steps we can take as a nation to prevent gun violence? Or is this just how it is, and how it's going to continue to be?"
He questioned Congress' reasoning for repeatedly insisting "now is not the time" to talk about gun violence, adding, "What you really mean is, there is never a time to talk about it."
Meyers ended his message with a plea for transparency: "If you're not willing to do anything, just be honest and tell us. ... If it's going to be thoughts and prayers from here on out, the least you can do is be honest about that."
Trevor Noah similarly tackled the taboo subject of gun control in America on The Daily Show.
"What's particularly heartbreaking is other than the lives lost, I feel like people are becoming more accustomed to this type of news," he said. "I almost know how it's going to play out. We're shocked, we're sad, thoughts and prayers — and then almost on cue, people are going to come out saying, 'Whatever you do, when speaking about the shootings, don't talk about guns.' "
Noah noted that the country has run through every possible excuse to avoid talking about guns.
"I've never been to a country where people are as afraid to speak about guns. Every time there's a shooting you go to look at something else. Is it Muslims? Is it there religion? Is that what it is? Is it the blacks? Is it mentally ill people? Is it white nationalists? Every time it's a different question. Now, after this incident in Las Vegas, we're asking a new question. Is it hotels?" he said.
Noah concluded his segment with an apology to the victims and their loved ones.
"To the people of Las Vegas, I can't give you thoughts and prayers. I can only say that I'm sorry," Noah said. "I'm sorry we live in a world where people will put a gun before your lives."
Conan O'Brien spoke about the "terrible and numbing" tragedy, telling his audience, "When I began in 1993, occasions like this were extremely rare. For me, or any TV comedy host, to come out and need to address a mass shooting spree was practically unheard of. ... Things have changed."
Noting the numerous mass shootings that have occurred over the past decade, he asked, "When did this become a ritual, and what does it say about us that it has?"
"I'm not the most political of our comics, but I will repeat what I said not long ago, after Orlando — I don't think it should be so easy for one demented person to kill so many people so quickly," O'Brien added, before concluding, "Something needs to change."
James Corden also addressed the mass shooting during his opening monologue, somberly urging the need for gun control in the country.
“Last night was the biggest mass shooting in the United States history. That is a record that has been set twice in just the two and a half years that I've been living in America,” Corden said to the camera. “Here's another statistic, 11,660 people have died from gun violence in the last 275 days in this country. Now I come from a place where we don't have shootings at this frequency so it's hard for me to fathom. But it should be hard for everyone to fathom, “ Corden explained.
Further adding, “Gun violence should not be a staple of American life. Some say it's too early to talk about gun control. For those victims last night, it's far too late.”
Corden then responded to comments that shootings to this caliber cannot be prevented.
“Forgive me, because I'm just a foreigner here and some of you feel I have no place to say this but how does every developed country do a better job of preventing these attacks? We can't be surprised that gun crime will always occur where there is such wide availability of guns,” Corden said.
Corden then referred to a quote from Robert Kennedy that states, “Tragedy is a tool for the living to gain wisdom, not a guide by which to live.” Now is the time for gaining that wisdom.”
After expressing his sorrow for the victims and families, Stephen Colbert took jabs at President Trump during his opening remarks Monday night, urging Trump to be the president to make a difference.
“Today, the president called this an ‘act of pure evil.' And I think he's right,” Colbert began. “So what, then are we willing to do to combat ‘pure evil?' The answer can't be anything.”
Colbert expressed frustration but hope that with just a little effort, members of Congress can be heroic.
“The bar is so low right now that Congress can be heroes by doing literally anything. Universal background checks or come up with a better answer,” Colbert urged. “Enforce Obama's executive order that denied the mentally ill gun purchases or a better answer, reinstate the semi-automatic weapons ban. Anything but nothing. Doing nothing is cowardice. Doing something will take courage.”
Further pressing Congress for action, Colbert referred to the Las Vegas victims, loved ones and city, still reeling from the aftermath of the mass shooting, but doing so with courage.
“It took courage for the people at that concert last night to help each other as bullets flew and courage for the first responders to rush and do their jobs," Colbert said. "It took courage for people in Las Vegas to simply to about their day today.
“President Trump, you've said you want to be a transformative president who doesn't care about the way things have always been done in Washington. This is your chance to prove it. You don't owe the Republicans anything. You know the Republicans tried to stop you from being president. Screw 'em,” Colbert said.
“You want to make America great again? Do something the last two Presidents haven't been able to do. Pass any kind of common sense gun control legislation that the vast majority of Americans want. Think about what you need to do and pray for the courage to do it.”
BIRMINGHAM, Ala. - The Alabama Power Foundation has committed $500,000 to the UAB Athletic Foundation's campaign to raise $15 million in support of the proposed Football Operations Building expected to house office space, meeting and film rooms, athletic training facilities, locker rooms, and a weight room.
"We join with the many organizations getting behind this project because it has broad implications in expanding UAB's growing economic and cultural contributions to our region," said Myla Calhoun, Alabama Power's vice president for Charitable Giving. "UAB has been central to Birmingham's resurgence, and UAB Athletics is seizing an opportunity to build excellence across its programs that will be felt in very positive ways across our city."
The Football Operations Building campaign is gaining momentum quickly. On March 25, Birmingham-based Protective Life announced a commitment of $500,000, the campaign's first corporate contribution, and the UAB Athletic Foundation fundraising committee is finalizing other major corporate and individual gifts.
"We are all very excited about the broad interest this project has generated in a relatively short time," said UAB Director of Athletics Mark Ingram. "And we will be announcing many other exciting gifts in the coming days and weeks. It is clear that leaders in Birmingham believe in the importance of UAB and UAB Football."
If planning and fundraising remain on schedule, Ingram is optimistic UAB could break ground on construction this summer. UAB Football will return to competition in 2017, and Ingram says it is the department's goal to have the Football Operations Building functional by that time.
"We have a lot of work to do, and additional steps toward full approval of the project remain," Ingram said. "But we are approaching this project aggressively, and the unprecedented fan and financial support we have seen of late continues to grow. Respected business and community leaders like Alabama Power and Protective Life seeing the value in this project sends a clear message to other potential donors, and we are grateful for their vote of confidence."
The University of Alabama System Board of Trustees expedited the first two stages of the necessary approvals in February. Since that time, UAB Athletics has been advancing the building design with architects and soliciting private donations to support the project. After the design and financing plan are completed and receive Board approval, the construction bid process will be initiated.
UAB Football coach Bill Clark, who signed a top Conference USA recruiting class in February and recently completed 2016 spring practice, says the importance of this facility to the future of UAB Football cannot be overstated.
"We already have excitement in and around the program and are working hard toward 2017," Clark said. "Watching shovels hit the dirt and steel come out of the ground will boost the energy even more -- in our recruiting, on the practice field, in the meeting room and in the weight room. Our return is very real, and this facility is a tangible symbol that we are coming back to be stronger than ever."
Alabama Power and the Alabama Power Foundation are longtime supporters of UAB, having contributed for many years to the institution's growth through initiatives that bolster scholarships and learning opportunities, capital campaigns, research projects, and other priorities that advance UAB's impact in education, research, health care, economic development and community service.
The UAB Athletics Foundation is a 501(c)3 organization that supports the Department of Athletics in fostering excellence in all programs by building loyalty and support to promote intercollegiate athletic success. The foundation encourages generous support of UAB Athletics including contributions to scholarship funding for student-athletes, as well as the construction, improvement and renovation of first class, high-quality athletic facilities.
There is a look that comes over mens' faces right before they are about to say something horrible to you.
By the age of 14, Jessica Valenti could spot the look from a few blocks away. In her new memoir, Sex Object, the Guardian columnist paints a portrait of the “contemporary female experience” as it stands to her, navigating daily sexism on public transit, in school and throughout her relationships. On her subway rides from Queens, N.Y., Valenti describes hopping train cars to avoid flashers and gropers, until one day she comes home to find a stranger's semen on her back pocket (she is in Grade 8). By high school she has sprouted a C-cup, which doesn't go unnoticed by a beer-bellied teacher who corners Valenti for a hug for “a good grade.” In college, a jilted boyfriend scrawls “whore” on her dorm-room door, taping a used condom below it for good measure. As an adult, Valenti helps pioneer the feminist movement online, where her breasts are again noted, this time by a female Politico blogger who strafes Valenti for posing next to Bill Clinton in a tight sweater.
Sex Object is a dark and often revolting play-by-play of a lifetime of indignities, its author resolute not to gloss over what actually went down. In its chapters, organized loosely by life stages (“Measurements,” “Boys,” “College”), the memoir explores what routine sexual harassment does to a woman's psyche. Valenti questions why modern feminists are told to “buck up” in the face of daily sexism, that their mothers and grandmothers (not to mention women in non-Western countries) survived far worse plights. The author argues that today's feminists aren't a wimpier breed than their predecessors – they're just fed up. Valenti spoke to The Globe and Mail from Washington.
In the past month we read about a 16-year-old Brazilian girl who survived a gang rape only to be shamed and doubted for it; we've seen actress Amber Heard accused of fabricating domestic-assault allegations (and bruises) to extract some money from her ex, actor Johnny Depp; and we learned about a Stanford swimmer who got a slim six-month jail term for sexually assaulting an unconscious woman behind a garbage dumpster – or what his father memorably termed “20 minutes of action.” As these stories come to light every week, feminists react vocally online. In turn, they are often criticized for “being obsessed with victimhood,” as you put it. Why is that?
People are uncomfortable with the truth of how far we still have to go. There is a myth of incredible progress for women on these issues. While we have made changes legislatively, culturally we still have a long way to go. That feels difficult for some people. It feels safer to believe that these things don't happen that often, or that it only happens to bad people, or if you're out late or dress a certain way or choose a bad boyfriend. People want to believe that bad things happen to women because of a set of choices they make, rather than that this is part of the world we live in.
Why do you think third-wave feminists have taken on abuse, harassment and assault – on the street, at work and in their relationships – much more loudly than their predecessors?
I don't know that we have. It may feel that way because of online culture. Feminists have been talking about these issues for decades but they weren't as much a part of the national conversation as they are now. Today, we're also taking more heat.
What do you say to those who criticize modern-day feminists for being too fragile?
We're in this feminist moment where everything is about “empowerment.” We've developed an allergy to ideas about victimhood. But in fact, people are being victimized. What was so powerful about the Stanford rape victim's statement was that she was not letting go. She didn't want to pass over the fact that she was victimized. She demanded that we listen and really consider it. If we're able to vocalize these things without tremendous consequences then I think that we should. People need to hear it.
At the same time, some older feminists complain that young feminists take the struggles of the past for granted. That advocacy on issues such as voting and the pay gap has been replaced by a more individualized protest against “daily sexism”: the catcalls and manspreading on our commutes to work, the mansplaining when we arrive at the office. Is today's feminism a navel-gazing feminism?
I don't think that's true at all. There are issues that tend to get the most media play but I talk to young feminists and see the activism that they're undertaking. It's absolutely on a huge swath of issues: the pay gap, abortion rights, racism, economic issues – and everyday sexism as well. Some younger women do come to feminism because of the personal first. The personal resonates with them, they can track their experiences with what feminists are talking about, and then it broadens out to the political.
These issues are so often thought about as private and individual issues but they are things happening on the street, in transit, at work, in schools, at universities. This is also a public-space issue. What does it mean when you can't walk through the world with the same freedom as another person?
Despite the realities you describe, critics of young feminists suggest they toughen up. Is “bucking up” a cousin of that other trait we expect in women – people-pleasing?
It is. When I was being harassed online I had this habit of responding with a funny GIF or making fun of the person as a way of making it feel like it was rolling off my back. That's strategic. You want to be the accessible feminist: You can be angry but not too angry, strident but not too strident.
But it's exhausting and it's not fully honest. On a broader cultural path, I wonder about what message we're sending when we gloss over what exactly it does to us, the everyday toll, the cumulative impact of sexism.
You ask that interesting question in your memoir: “What diagnosis do you give to the shaking hands you get after a stranger whispers ‘pussy' in your ear on your way to work? What medicine can you take to stop being afraid that the cab driver is not actually taking you home?” Are there long-term effects here?
We do know that there are tangible, psychological impacts for women who have increased anxiety and depression. Researchers have linked that to the ways that women are sexually objectified and harassed. It doesn't take a rocket scientist to understand that being treated as less than in various ways is going to take a toll not just on your general health and well-being but on the way you develop as a person. Whether it's severe harassment or a teacher making a comment at school, these all add up to something.
There's a lot of discussion currently about “perfect victims.” In your book you introduce us to Carl, a guy you were sleeping with who once had sex with you while you were unconscious. You were upset but had him order you a grilled-cheese sandwich and fries afterward, then took his cab money and went home. You write that the experience didn't have a lasting impact but that you feel “strange” about your own reaction. Can you tell me about that?
As a feminist it was important for me to include that essay because we have a misconception that if you are feminist and you write about these issues, you're an expert, and that you always have the “right” or “perfect” reaction to a thing. That's never true for any woman. You're privy to the same cultural messages as everyone else is. That's why it was also important to include the story about my mother telling me about her abortion. The first reaction in my head was, “But she's such a good mom.” I was a feminist at this point. I knew that good moms had abortions. I knew what abortion stigma was, but still that was the immediate place that my head went. All of us are messy. There's no such thing as a perfect reaction to any of this.
You remark that unlike women's pain, “Men's pain and existential angst are the stuff of myth and legends.” Again, this brought to mind the Stanford case, the rapist's father mourning for his “broken” son and his tragic loss of appetite for steak. Is there a disparity in how we treat male and female suffering?
At a very base level, not everyone sees women as fully realized people and it's hard to envision “a thing” having pain. There's a reason that perpetrators get empathy, that the Stanford rapist was described as an “all-American swimmer” rather than a guy who raped an unconscious woman behind a dumpster.
When men tell their stories it's often considered brave truth-telling about a universal experience. When women do it, it's self-indulgent, navel-gazing, superficial bullshit. We're told that our experiences are frivolous. That has to change.
You write, “We still have no name for what happens to women living in a culture that hates them.” Are you coming closer to naming it?
I thought, there must be a German word for it! But I have been thinking about this a lot because I have a five-year-old daughter. I talk to her about sexism and explain things to her in the most age-appropriate ways possible. But I don't have a language to describe the cumulative impact. I wish that I did. I want to be able to prepare her and arm her. I do worry about what I will say to her as she gets older.
Beyond that old line, “What if it happened to your mother/sister/daughter,” how do you build empathy in people who don't deal with sexism much?
It's hard: Who wants to think about that sort of thing everyday? It's a lot to ask of people. But I think the way stories are being shared online now allows for some opting in to the conversation. You can choose to click on a link and read someone's story. You can choose to share or engage. I think it's helpful.
You believe that modern feminists who call out daily objectification are actually optimistic people. How so?
For me it means that I want things to change. Complaining about these issues, hammering them home and not letting things go, I do this because I believe that we have the capacity for change.
This interview has been edited and condensed.
!
Report Typo/Error
IT WAS the great Australian all-rounder Keith Miller who waved off the pressure of Test cricket by contending that "pressure is a Messerschmitt up your arse''.
A member of the 1948 Invincibles team, Miller was referring to his time as a fighter pilot with the RAF 69 Squadron flying over Europe during World War II.
It is a sentiment that resonates with Victorian leg-spinner Fawad Ahmed.
Ahmed's application for Australian citizenship was approved during the week - the culmination of a four-year struggle that began in Pakistan's north-western frontier provence, near the Afghanistan border.
During 2009, extremists had assailed Ahmed with death threats for his perceived promotion of western values, partly because he had played 10 first-class matches and was coaching other cricketers.
Moreso for helping a non-government organisation that championed women's education, health and vaccinations.
"I got seriously threatened by those people,'' Ahmed said.
''I don't want to say their name but they are terrorists. Terrorists in the eyes of every single human being.
"They terrorised me, they made death threats to me.
"They don't like to educate women. They want the people in the dark so that they can dominate them easily.''
TO LIVE in an environment where the Taliban and other extremists had begun to cast a sinister shadow was distressing to a young man who had grown up a reverent Muslim, the son of a Pakistan army officer.
His father, Ahmed Shah, died of a heart attack when Fawad was about 18 months old, leaving his mother, Rahat, to raise four children on an army pension.
The Swabi district where the family lived was a relatively peaceful and highly educated region, and ''being a normal kid in Pakistan I was crazy about the cricket. My mother was always angry because I was playing cricket or watching cricket. She was saying study, study, study''.
Fawad and his elder brother, Sajjad, played cricket against the neighbourhood kids on the dusty streets near their home.
''We used a taped tennis ball,'' he said.
"The bat, we just made it from a piece of wood at the furniture shop, told the man can he make us something.''
Ahmed would ''bowl off-spin, leg-spin or fast, but I was mostly a wicketkeeper''.
What he began to notice was the flood of Afghan refugees escaping the conflict between the Soviet-led forces and the Mujahideen.
And as he grew older, he began to become aware of the threat of terrorism.
"It was safe when I was a child, there was nothing like that, but since 9/11 things are going from worse to worse, especially in the past five or six years,'' Ahmed said.
"Things have become extremely bad. People are suffering and especially the poor people. People dying for nothing. Car bomb blasts, target killing, insurgencies. Especially where I was living. Those areas are now the ones in the red zone.''
Cricket remained his refuge. One of his fondest childhood memories came at the age of 10 when Pakistan lifted the 1992 World Cup after defeating England at the MCG.
At the age of 17 he was handed a leather cricket ball for the first time, proceeding to impress the school selectors by sharply turning a few leg breaks in the nets.
"The pitch was just cement,'' he recalled. "it was really hard to turn the ball on there.''
The school's cricket kit, with its pads and gloves, was a source of wonderment.
''I didn't even have cricket shoes.''
Ahmed studied hard at the Government Degree College and gradually carved out a professional cricket career.
At age 23 he made his first-class debut with Abbottabad, and over the next four years he eked out 23 wickets across 10 matches. He began to coach women cricketers.
That is when the threats started to come.
"The terrorists would come straight to my face and say, 'Step down from what you are doing otherwise you will see a serious problem later on','' he said.
"I got an opportunity to play for my state in Islamabad, but they still keep following me, keep threatening me, texting me and saying, 'You are still helping those people and when we find you we will seriously harm you'.
"When it comes to these threats on your life you don't have options.''
The one option he did have been to flee Pakistan. The opportunity to do so came when a friend suggested he could organise a short-stay visa to play club cricket in Australia.
Ahmed took up the offer at the start of 2010, but arrived at the club in central New South Wales towards the end of the summer. With two matches remaining he was ineligible to play in the finals.
He moved to Melbourne, where he knew several people from Pakistan, and met Adnan Khawaja, a Port Melbourne cricketer who invited him to play for the Western Warriors, a Sunday team comprised of sub-continental cricketers.
Khawaja also steered Ahmed to Victorian Turf Cricket Association club, Hoppers Crossing, where he took a club-record 90 wickets in 24 games at an average of 11.74 runs apiece.
Beginning to understand the state's cricket pathway, Ahmed also gained permission to play some Twenty20 matches for Premier Cricket club Melbourne University. Club president Derek Bennett said Ahmed immediately impressed with his quietly spoken determination and willingness to learn.
"But I can assure you he was living a very, very hand-to-mouth existence,'' Bennett said.
''He was living with a whole lot of other asylum seekers in a hostel in Yarraville provided by a charity.
"When he first arrived in the city he didn't have two bob to his name, he didn't know anybody, he didn't know how to catch a train. But he always made it his business to find out how things worked. He was always asking questions, trying to find out how things worked, how our society operates.''
All along the way Ahmed remained on a bridging visa, applying for refugee status. His first application was rejected in late 2010, while his subsequent appeal took a further 18 months to reach the tribunal.
During that time Ahmed was only permitted to work only 15 hours a week. He picked fruit in Bendigo and studied to get a forklift licence.
''The first two years were really really tough, but then I got a good job working in the K-Mart warehouse for a year,'' Ahmed said.
His friend, Khawaja, later explained that this dream job involved waking at 4am and quite a deal of heavy lifting.
Cricket remained both a passion and a welcome release from Ahmed's often discouraging pursuit of asylum.
He made a habit of bowling 15 overs every day and undertook a Cricket Victoria coaching accreditation course.
Bennett recalled: ``Part of that program involved going to watch the Victorian Bushrangers train. So he grabbed the bloke running the course and asked if he could have a bowl.
''(Test opener) Rob Quiney was batting and the first ball he bowled him through the gate, the next one he got a wrong'un past him. He bowled for an hour and the coaches asked him to keep coming back as a net bowler.''
IN OCTOBER 2011 Ahmed received the most brutal of reminders about what was at risk should he be forced to return to Pakistan.
He read a report about Nauman Habib, a seam bowler from his home state who had just taken seven wickets for Peshawar in the opening round of the Quaid-e-Azam Trophy.
The next day Habib disappeared on his way between home and the gym.
"We were from the same state but from different regions,'' Ahmed said.
''We played together and he was a good friend of mine over 10 years.
"They kidnapped him.
"After a few days somebody found him in a bag in pieces.
"He was a handsome guy, such a nice human being. Forget about the cricket, he was such a nice human being, and I was so upset after that.
"Still nobody knows what happened to him, why he has been killed.''
Habib had been repeatedly hit with a blunt instrument; his body carried the marks of torture.
That horrible episode helps to contextualise Ahmed's distress when he learned last September that his claim for asylum had been rejected for a third time. An immigration official insisted he get his paperwork in order for immediate deportation.
"I was really upset,'' Ahmed said.
''That was the worst moment for me.
"I went through really stressed times. Nightmares. I couldn't sleep.''
Now playing cricket for Melbourne University, he missed the start of the next match ``because I was awake all night worrying and when it was time to go to the ground I had fallen asleep''.
"Life was going really bad for me. There was no hope, you know? But the good thing was I had made so many good friends here. So I never gave up, I fought and fought and fought. The only thing I knew was never give up. At any stage in any life you must never give up.''
Khawaja recalled those dark days: ``You can't believe how stressed he was. He called me some time after midnight because he'd had another refusal about his visa. I had to give him some encouragement and tell him everything would be all right.''
Ahmed raised his plight at the cricket club.
"We had 14 or 20 days to do something or he was on a plane home,'' Bennett said.
"It wasn't about him thinking, 'I'll never get a chance to play for Victoria' it was about, 'I'm going to die. I'm going to get dumped back in Pakistan and they'll find me'. He was in a really bad way.
"What we found was that the only real option available to him was to appeal directly to the Federal Immigration Minister.''
Melbourne Uni found a young lawyer playing in its third XI: ''Tony Pick. His nickname became pro bono,'' Bennett chuckled.
"He kept saying, 'DB, you know I'm not an immigration lawyer' and we'd just tell him, 'Don't worry, you're going beautifully'. In the end we made a submission with 40 letters of support.''
Among those was one from former Uni opening bowler and now Cricket Australia chief executive James Sutherland.
"For us it was always about Fawad not having to go back to where he had been and to end up with a bullet in his head,'' Bennett said.
"For me the essence of the story is that at no point did anyone from Cricket Australia ask whether he was any good. It wasn't a matter of doing this because he was going to be Australia's next great leg-spinner, it was always just about trying to help a refugee who was a cricketer.''
In other words, this was not about Ahmed becoming the next Shane Warne. It was about him not becoming the next Nauman Habib.
IT WAS while waiting to hear from then Immigration Minister Chris Bowen that Bennett received a welcome phone call from an unexpected source.
"The key moment came when (Test batsman) Ed Cowan rang,'' Bennett said.
The Australians, preparing for the first Test of the summer against South Africa, were looking for a net bowler whose action resembled Proteas leg-spinner Imran Tahir. Cowan recalled seeing just such an action when Ahmed was bowling in the MCG nets.
"And then Ed said, 'Do you reckon Fawad could come up and bowl to us?'.''
Knowing full well that the assignment could help generate some timely publicity, Bennett had no hesitation in agreeing on Ahmed's behalf.
After several days having his face and story plastered across the nation's media, Ahmed found his application for permanent residency status granted by the Minister.
"Of all the things that have happened to me, the best moment for me knew I could stay,'' Ahmed said.
Since that time, it has been his bowling rather than his residency that has made headlines.
Last summer he played in Victoria's final three Shield matches, taking 16 wickets at 28.37, including a seven-wicket haul against Queensland. His form in limited-overs cricket has been even more impressive.
He was selected in two Australia A match in Belfast and Bristol last month, where he performed moderately, struggling with the unfamiliar British conditions.
Upon return to Melbourne he discovered that his application for Australian citizenship had been approved. All that remained was a citizenship ceremony, most likely this week before he leaves on Sunday for the upcoming Australia A tour of Zimbabwe and South Africa.
Khawaja is delighted for his friend: ''I've never seen him smile the way he is now. I said to him the other day, 'This is the best smile I've seen in three years'.''
Now, much is being made about the prospect of Ahmed being elevated to Test ranks.
Yet, as much as he dreams about it, this most remarkable Australian might not get to bowl in this Ashes series.
He might not even ever get the chance to play under a Baggy Green cap.
But if that chance never comes, don't expect him to lose any sleep over it.
"I came here for a safe life, not for the cricket,'' he said.
"To play for Victoria or Australia was far away from the dream. I just came here to just live as a normal human being, as a safe human being.''
Originally published as From terrorist target to Test cusp
WASHINGTON, D.C. -- Green Party leaders said today that Democrats and their supporters in the media have launched a Russia-baiting campaign to smear Dr. Jill Stein and the Green Party with baseless accusations and insinuations that the latter colluded with Russia during the 2016 election.
Greens said that the request from the Republican-dominated Senate Select Committee on Intelligence for documents from Dr. Stein is not proof of collusion or anything else and called such assumptions ("She was questioned by the Senate committee, therefore she must be guilty") an exercise in McCarthyism and political intimidation.
Green Party of the United States
http://www.gp.org
@GreenPartyUS
For Immediate Release:
Wednesday, December 20, 2017
Contact:
Scott McLarty, Media Director, 202-904-7614, scott@gp.org
Greens call anti-Green intimidation an attempt by the two-party establishment to eliminate political competition and silence alternative voices and ideas
Petition: We Stand for Election Integrity!
Dr. Stein has responded to the committee and says she will comply with the committee's request for documents. The Green Party stands behind Dr. Stein's words and her integrity.
"The demand from Republicans on the Senate committee and the flood of tweets against Dr. Stein from Democratic operatives show a patent attempt to discredit an alternative party. Democrats are using 'Russia, Russia, Russia' as an excuse to eliminate election competition and silence genuine progressive voices and ideas. Republicans want to shift public suspicions regarding 'Russia, Russia, Russia' away from Trump," said Jody Grage, secretary of the Green Party of the United States.
"Allegations linking Dr. Stein with Russia are based solely on Internet rumors magnified in the social media 'echo chamber.' Democrats are clearly motivated by revenge against Greens for having participated as an independent alternative party in the 2016 presidential race, instead of endorsing Hillary Clinton. The Green Party runs its own candidates for public office. We don't support nominees from the two parties of war and Wall Street," said Ms. Grage.
The Senate Select Committee on Intelligence reportedly based its inclusion of Dr. Stein in the investigation on the fact that she has been interviewed by RT, a Russia-owned U.S.-based news media company. Dr. Stein and other Greens, as well as leaders and candidates from other political parties, have participated in interviews with a variety of print, broadcast, and online news media, including RT.
"Accusations of collusion with a foreign power merely for being interviewed by a foreign news service are a dangerous attack on the freedom of the press -- freedom for those covered in the press as well as the press itself," said Ajamu Baraka, the Green Party's 2016 nominee for Vice President and National Organizer of Black Alliance for Peace.
"This is even more troubling because it's happening at the same time as a general assault on the public's access to news, information, and ideas -- the FCC's repeal of Net Neutrality laws, prosecution and vilification of whistle-blowers, Google's decision to restrict access to news and opinion sites that offer exposés and dissenting points of view. To this list we can add the vicious denunciations on some opinion pages and web sites of anyone who criticized Ms. Clinton, her campaign, or the DNC during the 2016 election," said Mr. Baraka.
Jill Stein's accusers have noted her 2015 visit to Russia and a photograph of her at a dinner table with Vladimir Putin. Dr. Stein, who traveled to Moscow (on her own dime) to speak at an event on foreign policy and averting military conflict, has discussed the visit in numerous interviews and public statements (examples: https://theintercept.com/2017/06/07/intercepted-podcast-the-woman-democrats-love-to-hate and http://www.jill2016.com/jill_stein_russian_environmentalists and http://www.jill2016.com/stein_in_russia_calls_for_principled_collaboration ).
In her own statement published on Dec. 18, Dr. Stein said "We strongly support legitimate inquiry into any illegal activity in our elections -- including quid pro quo deals, money laundering, corruption and violation of campaign finance laws. At the same time, we caution against the politicization, sensationalism and collapse of journalistic standards that has plagued media coverage of the investigation."
"In the current climate of attacks on our civil liberties, with the emergence of censorship in social media and the press, criminalization of protest, militarization of police and massive expansion of the surveillance state, we must guard against the potential for these investigations to be used to intimidate and silence principled opposition to the political establishment." ( http://www.gp.org/stein_senate_request )
See also:
Jill Stein Denounces Probe over 'Collusion with Russians'
The Real News Network, December 19, 2017
Broadcast Exclusive: Jill Stein Says Senate Request for Docs on Russia Probe is "New McCarthyism" (interview)
Democracy Now!, December 20, 2017
Jill Stein on the Senate Intelligence Committee's Investigation of Her Campaign for Russian Collusion: 'There Is No There There'
By Max Blumenthal, Alternet, December 19, 2017
Updated Green results from Election Day
Green Party victories and highlights on Nov. 7
Press release: Nov. 10
MORE INFORMATION
Green Party of the United States http://www.gp.org
202-319-7191
@GreenPartyUS
Green candidate database and campaign information
News Center
Ballot Access
Videos
Green Papers
Google+
Twitter
Livestream
YouTube
Facebook
Green merchandise
Green Pages: The official publication of record of the Green Party of the United States
http://www.greenpagesnews.org
~ END ~
What's in season in February 2019, and other timely information:
Harvest Calendar for California
Click here for typical crop availability / harvest dates in Northern California and here for Southern California
We also have a page with links to our own simple instructions on canning, freezing and drying many fruits and vegetables, such as how to make jam, apple butter, applesauce, spaghetti sauce, salsa, pickles, ketchup or freezing corn.
Ripening Dates for Fruits and Vegetables in California
Please note that actual dates may vary by as much as two or three weeks due to weather conditions, geographical location of the farm, and other factors. And since new varieties are always being developed, and farms may plant different varieties, it is always advisable to call a farm earlier than the expected beginning of a season to verify on the status of the product you are interested in. This is a general guide only!
Southern and Central California is below, Northern California is farther down the page.
South and Central California
(all but the southern 1/4, the northern 1/4 and the coastal area)
Jan Feb Mar Apr May June July August Sept Oct Nov Dec Apricots Arugula
Avocado Beans - string Beans - Fava Beans - Lima Beans - Yellow Wax Beets Blackberries Boysenberries Ollallieberries
Bok Choy
Broccoli Cabbage Carrots
Caulifllower Celery
Chard
Cilantro Cucumbers Cucumbers - Pickling Eggplant Fennel
Grapefruit Kale Kohlrabi Leeks Lemons Lettuce Mandarins
Nectarines Okra Onions - Sweet Orange - Navel
Orange - Valencia Parsley Peaches Peas - Blackeye Peas - English Peas - Snap Peppers Plums Potatoes Potatoes - Sweet Pumpkins Radishes Raspberries
Spinach
Squash - Summer Strawberries Tomatoes
Turnips
After two years of debate and a marathon meeting, the Fairfax County School Board has voted in favor of changing the name of J.E.B. High School. News4's Shomari Stone reports. (Published Friday, July 28, 2017)
The Fairfax County School Board has voted in favor of changing the name of J.E.B. Stuart High School, after two years of debate about the school named for a slaveholding Confederate general.
The approved measure requests that the school in Falls Church, Virginia, be called "Stuart High School." The change will take effect by fall of 2019.
Supporters and opponents packed into the Thursday night meeting and listened to board members' opinions for hours.
When the final vote was announced, supporters cheered and clapped. Many of them wore blue t-shirts emblazoned with "Change The Name."
For two years, the board has hemmed and hawed over a request to change the name from those who believe it's wrong for Fairfax County to continue to honor Stuart, who was mortally wounded in an 1864 battle.
A year ago, the board pawned off the decision to a task force that it hoped would find a compromise. Instead, the task force fractured so badly it issued two separate reports - one in favor of changing the name, one opposed. The reports delved into the age-old thicket of whether slavery was the Civil War's primary cause.
Stuart High, as it's more commonly known, opened in 1959. The school board chose the name in 1958, during the years in which Virginia was embroiled in what became known as Massive Resistance to federal desegregation efforts. There's dispute as to whether the Stuart name was picked as a subtle jab at integration, or whether they simply chose to honor Stuart, a native Virginian who at the school site once famously fooled the Union Army into inaction by displaying so-called Quaker cannons - tree trunks that from a distance looked like an array of imposing artillery.
Today, Stuart is one of the most diverse schools in Fairfax County, which hosts the 10th largest school district in the nation and one of the wealthiest. Fairfax County has grown into a sprawling suburb of the nation's capital, and while some families have lived in the area for generations with firmly planted Virginia roots, students at Stuart are more likely to come from India or Somalia or Vietnam than from a multigenerational Virginia family.
The debate over the school name comes as the national question of how to honor Confederate heroes, if at all, is flaring up again. In Virginia, Republican Corey Stewart nearly pulled off an upset in last month's GOP gubernatorial primary by making defense of a Robert E. Lee statue in Charlottesville that had been targeted for removal a top issue in his campaign. In New Orleans, Richmond and elsewhere, civic leaders have weighed removal of Confederate monuments.
The debate over the Stuart name change kicked off in earnest in 2015 when actress Julianne Moore, who attended Stuart in the `70s, and Hollywood producer Bruce Cohen, a Stuart alumnus, launched a petition demanding the name change.
Proponents of a change say it's especially hurtful for students of color to have to attend a school named for a defender of the Confederacy.
Bill Ratliff's mother, Debbie Ratliff, said opposition to the change shows that the Old South lives on, even in booming Fairfax County.
"It's the old Lost Cause arguments,'' she said, referring to the school of thought that casts the Confederacy in heroic terms. "This is still Virginia, and this debate more than anything brings that home.''
Opponents had cited estimates indicating it would cost $600,000 to $900,000 to change the name removing Stuart from the school facade, a stone monument, athletic turf, scoreboards, team uniforms and everything else, though name-change supporters have questioned whether the figure is inflated.
Opponents also cited surveys indicating students and alumni are split or ambivalent on the issue.
Some see it as an attack on Southern heritage. Chica Brunsvold wore her daughter's `80s vintage letter jacket to the board's work session and said students take pride in the Stuart name.
"The Civil War is long over. This is punishing the South. Abraham Lincoln didn't want to punish the South,'' she said. "Just because a couple Hollywood types say we should change - give me a break!''
Another complication: What will the board do about another Fairfax County school, Robert E. Lee High in nearby Springfield? Board members say there appears to be no appetite in the Lee community for a name change, and several questioned whether pulling Stuart but leaving Lee will leave them open to charges of hypocrisy.
Member Ryan McElveen previously suggested renaming the school for portraitist Gilbert Stuart, so the Stuart name could continue without honoring a Confederate.
Numerous members lamented the difficulties of finding a compromise and worried that a close 6-5 vote will feed the divisiveness that the issue has exposed.
"I understand now why some districts just call their schools P.S. 143,'' board member Megan McLaughlin said.
NEW YORK — Colin Powell has never been known to walk in lockstep with the Republican Party. However, one email called for a political “revolution,” which, he contended, “will begin with the GOP crashing and burning up its current form.”
The correspondence was contained in an email from Powell's Gmail account, which was hacked by DCLeaks and accessed by Breitbart News via a password provided to this reporter by the hacking group.
Powell's June 11, 2016 email, written to a British diplomat and friend, stated:
We all need to start voting for America and not our parties. Trump is taking on water. He doesn't have a GOP philosophy or even a Conservative philosophy. We need a revolution and it will begin with the GOP crashing and burning up its current form.
Aaron Klein is Breitbart's Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter. He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program, “Aaron Klein Investigative Radio.” Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow. Follow him on Facebook.
With research by Joshua Klein.
To enjoy the CBBC Newsround website at its best you will need to have JavaScript turned on. Watch Ricky's report on Britain's response to the growing number of migrants and refugees trying to reach Europe.
The Prime Minister David Cameron has announced that Britain will take in 20,000 refugees as part of the response to the growing migrant crisis in Europe.
He said the refugees will come from camps bordering Syria rather than those who are already in Europe.
To enjoy the CBBC Newsround website at its best you will need to have JavaScript turned on. Watch Newsround's report on the crisis
Pressure on the government to allow more refugees to come to the UK has intensified in recent weeks as questions about what to do with the huge numbers of migrants and refugees coming into Europe.
It's after tens of thousands of people, from places like Syria, Afghanistan, and parts of Africa, have come to Europe in the hope of a better future.
In a speech to the House of Commons Mr Cameron said Britain had a duty to help people in need.
EPA More than 10,000 people arrived in Germany over the weekend
Around 20,000 asylum seekers arrived in Germany over the weekend.
To enjoy the CBBC Newsround website at its best you will need to have JavaScript turned on. BBC reporter Jenny Hill was at the train station...
European leaders are trying to find a way to deal with the huge numbers of people arriving from other parts of the world.
Whale Song, pen on paper, 57 x 62 cm, 2014
After discovering his impossibly detailed pen and ink drawings, doodles I could get lost in for hours, I'm incredibly excited to introduce Olivier. His intricate layers of disproportionately sized wildlife weave together into the masterpieces you can see below. Though this website is never going to do his pictures justice, the playful twist on an environmental theme seemed perfect. I'll hope you'll enjoy getting to know the artist a little better as much as I have.
Some details...
Were you creative as a child? I've been drawing ever since I can remember due to the enthusiasm of my mum and the encouragement she showed me as an infant to pick up a pencil and paintbrush to draw or paint. Like everybody you go through phases of doing other things but drawing has always been around with me. At what point did you decide you wanted to become an artist? I'm not sure I decided I wanted to 'be an artist'. I think I just chose to do it because it was what I felt I was best at, at the time. It was either that or I wanted to leave school and work on the slopes in France teaching snowboarding. I made the choice of doing Art, though I sometimes wonder how the other would have turned out. I think my spoken French might have been better if I chose the latter.
I first fell in love with your psychedelic underwater illustrations. Why have you decided to base your workaround animals and the natural world? Thinking back retrospectively, it was a result of inadvertently doodling the things that were on my mind at the time. Notably the growing effects of humans on the natural world. As I drew more animals, I decided research their physiology and their habitats. The more I learnt the more fascinating I found animals and the natural world to be, and so I carried on drawing them. I quite like giving animals their own ecosystems and geology, as if the animal were a living planet.
Rhinoceros Doodle pen and ink on paper, 43 x 52 cm
Some details...
Can you draw a distinction between art and illustration? Where would you place yourself on that scale? I think Art is an umbrella term that covers a multiplicity of disciplines. Illustration is one of those disciplines for which I like the dictionary definition: [mass noun] the action or fact of illustrating something: by way of illustration, I refer to the following case. • an illustrative example: this accident is a graphic illustration of the disaster that's waiting to happen. The drawings I produce probably aren't illustrations because I have no brief to work to, but I'm sure someone could argue otherwise. I just think of them of detailed pen and ink drawings. The more detail the better!
DRAGONFLY DOODLE pen on paper, 30 x 18 cm
Sitting Woman with Legs Drawn Up, Egon Shiele, 1917 Are there any artists or illustrators you particularly admire or who have influenced your work? I've always liked Egon Shiele. Alfred Kubin, Hieronymus Bosch. I was shown Henry Moore's bunker drawings last week and I really liked them as well. Durer, Dali and Klimt would be in there as well.
Rhino Mountain Planet, 33 x 27cm, pen and ink washes on paper
You have a pretty interesting heritage, is there anywhere in the world you feel a special affinity with? I'd like to go and live in Canada for a while. Vancouver is close enough to both the ocean and mountains, so it would be great for nature, walking, climbing and snow.
Wolf Doodle pen and ink on paper, 10.2 x 14 cm
Now you live in Loughborough, what does your work space look like? Like a mess most of the time and a studio some of the time. lol Do you listen to music while you draw? What might we find on your playlist? Depends on my mood. Literally anything goes! I quite often listen to documentaries in a vein attempt to boost my knowledge haha.
Tortue Geniale, pen and ink on paper, 120 x 70 cm
Where should we look out for your work in the future? Lots of shows this year so far! Although some dates may vary slightly: May 1-2 Belper Art Trail in Belper, Derbyshire
Belper Art Trail in Belper, April 6-10 The Other Art Fair in Victoria House, London
The Other Art Fair in Victoria House, July 9-10 The Urban Art Fair in Brixton, London
The Urban Art Fair in Brixton, July 22-24 The Other Art Fair in Arnolfini, Bristol
The Other Art Fair in Arnolfini, Sept 1-30 Solo Show, Art Pistol Gallery, Glasgow
Solo Show, Art Pistol Gallery, July 16– Oct 1 Solo Show at New Walk Museum, Leicester
Solo Show at New Walk Museum, Oct 6-9 The Other Art Fair, Truman Brewery, London
The Other Art Fair, Truman Brewery, Oct 13– Nov 19 Solo Show at Sock Gallery, Loughborough
Former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn was paid $45,00o to appear at a Russian gala by Kremlin-funded media outlet RT, according to documents released byRep. Elijah Cummings Thursday.
Cummings, a Maryland Democrat and member of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, sent a letter to the White House along with the documents inquiring into whether the payments were fully disclosed when Flynn was hired.
Flynn was fired less than month into the president's term after it was revealed that he misled the Vice President Pence about his communications with the Russian ambassador before the inauguration.
"I cannot recall any time in our nation's history when the President selected as his National Security Advisor someone who violated the Constitution by accepting tens of thousands of dollars from an agent of a global adversary that attacked our democracy," Cummings wrote. "I also cannot recall a time when the President and his top advisers seemed so disinterested in the truth about that individual's work on behalf of foreign nations—whether due to willful ignorance or knowing indifference."
Cummings suggests that the payments may have violated the Constitution's Emoluments Clause.
Photo by Mario Tama/Getty Images
Gunmen stormed a mosque in northeastern Nigeria on Sunday and killed 44 worshipers, a day after 12 people were shot dead in a nearby village, officials said Monday. The weekend attacks were believed to have been acts of vengeance against citizens who cooperated with the military in its campaign against the Islamist extremist group Boko Haram, a senior government official said. Gunmen believed to be Boko Haram members attacked the mosque in Konduga, 22 miles outside Maiduguri, the capital of Nigeria's Borno State, the official said. Gunmen also suspected of being Boko Haram members attacked the nearby village of Ngom and killed 12 people on Saturday night, a local official said. Some Konduga residents said the attackers wore army uniforms, a tactic gunmen have used in the past to disguise themselves.
Mushkin is a brand that's particularly known for its memory products and storage solutions, but the company is planning to widen its assortment and step into the booming gaming peripheral market. Its first gaming-branded product will be the Mushkin Carbon KB-001, a colorful mechanical keyboard.
The design of the KB-001 is quite striking and sleek, featuring a frameless steel aesthetic. The top side of the enclosure is made out of aircraft grade CNC anodized aluminum. The keys of the mechanical keyboard are being supported by a double layer PCB of fiberglass. At the front of the Carbon KB-001, Mushin has integrated a fixed, inclining base for wrist support.
The mechanical keyboard uses the Kailh Brown switches and has full RGB-support. At the moment, it is unclear if the Carbon KB-001 will also be made available with other switches.
You can adjust the colors with Mushkin's included software and colors are programmable for the whole keyboard or per key. According to Mushkin, the keyboard features full n-key rollover, a Windows key lock, anti-ghosting technology and a durable, braided cable.
The price point of the Mushkin Carbon KB-001 would be set at around $70 USD. Although Mushkin plans to release the keyboard soon, a more specific release date hasn't been given yet.
ANALYSIS/OPINION:
With the “Russian scandal” continuing to roil the nation's capital, Democrats and the media appear almost giddy with the prospect of inflicting permanent injury on the Trump presidency.
What set off the newest round of speculation about the Trump team's Putin connection was the leak that Donald Trump, Jr., set up a meeting last June with a Russian lawyer after he had been informed that she had information proving Hillary Clinton had engaged in criminal conduct. Jared Kushner, Trump Sr.'s son-in-law, and Paul Manafort, then Trump Sr.'s campaign manager, were also in attendance and, as a result, are now in the cross-hairs of the Justice Department's special counsel and various congressional committees.
But the Democrats and the media aren't the only folks in high dudgeon. Charles Krauthammer and Andrew McCarthy, major stars in the conservative firmament, have joined in, accusing the Trump forces of having clearly “colluded” with Russian agents in this supposedly nefarious get-together, a word that the relentlessly anti-Trump Washington Post lovingly highlighted when posting their columns.
In my Webster's New World Dictionary, Third Edition, the main definition says “collusion” is “a secret agreement for fraudulent or illegal purpose, conspiracy.” Similar definitions pop up in a host of major online dictionaries.
Yet Mr. Krauthammer and Mr. McCarthy admit there's no evidence, none — at least so far — that any of the three engaged in fraud or illegal activity at the meeting or that the effort to gather opposition research — which was never produced — was a crime. So why then did these highly literate wordsmiths feel compelled to use a toxic term that so pleased President Trump's enemies and instantly invokes evil or criminal conduct? Mr. McCarthy even vaguely hints that if it can be proved that the Trump campaign “covertly” acted with a foreign government “against U.S. interests” — how vague is that phrase? — impeachment might well be in order.
Based on the available evidence — though we never know what shoe is going to drop next — the meeting seemed neither fraudulent nor illegal nor even immoral.
Consider this: If you were a top adviser to a presidential campaign and someone close to President Putin promised to give you documents that showed the main opponent of your candidate had committed criminal conduct, wouldn't you feel compelled to seek this information out? Even if that person had an unsavory reputation? Or had ties to an unfriendly foreign government? Wouldn't you be derelict in your duty to spurn the chance to see the incriminating stuff that, if verified, could turn an election around?
Few condemned Sen. John McCain, Arizona Republican, for securing extremely damaging information contained in that now famous anti-Trump dossier based largely on Russian sources. Mr. McCain has no reason to like Mr. Trump: not only because of his rancid attack against the senator's war record, but his multiple pro-Putin statements and Mr. Trump's controversial belief that he has the moxie to carve out various deals with the Russian dictator.
Though Mr. Trump's reading of the Russian oligarch may have merit, that's a conceit many folks across the ideological spectrum find not only dubious but dangerous.
Thus Mr. McCain, fueled by his deep distrust of both Mr. Trump and Mr. Putin, decided to seek out the nature of this material, not caring where it came from and even though current and ex-Russian intelligence officials and the FSB (formerly the KGB), provided some of the document's most damning contents.
Mr. McCain also had reason to believe that much of the dossier was accurate. The material, reportedly paid for by an opposition research group linked to both Hillary backers and “Never Trumpers,” was assembled by Christopher Steele, a Russian expert who had long held key positions in MI6 (Britain's CIA) and was head of the Russian desk from 2004-2009.
Moreover, as Vanity Fair tells us, Mr. McCain and David J. Kramer, who works for a McCain foreign policy institute, were briefed on the dossier by Sir Andrew Wood, the ex-British ambassador to Moscow, while the pair were attending the Halifax International Security Forum in Nova Scotia.
As a result, Mr. Kramer flew to London, met up with Mr. Steele and returned to Washington, D.C., with Mr. Steele's report, handing it to Mr. McCain. Mr. McCain, in turn, gave it to FBI director James Comey in December of last year. BuzzFeed then either posted Mr. Steele's finished document online, or, as some believe, one of its drafts, for all the world to see.
The dossier, some 35 pages, contained dozens of highly inflammatory “findings” from current and ex-Russian intelligence officials alleging shady business dealings by both Mr. Trump and his aides and Mr. Trump's purported scandalous sexual conduct. Furthermore, according to the dossier, a “former top intelligence official” said that the FSB “has compromised Trump through his activities in Moscow sufficiently to be able to blackmail him.”
Surely, this was worth scrutiny, even though the dossier is now viewed as discredited and Mr. Steele himself has walked back his findings, excoriating BuzzFeed for publishing what Mr. Steele concedes are unproven charges.
The president and his team can be sharply criticized for many things, but if John McCain acted in a patriotic manner by securing opposition research on Mr. Trump from Putin-friendly sources, why should Mr. Trump's people be faulted for attempting to do the same thing when it came to Hillary?
• Allan Ryskind was a longtime editor and owner of Human Events. His latest book is “Hollywood Traitors.”
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
CINCINNATI -- Procter & Gamble's board of directors was quick to respond to a shareholder activist's 75-page list of complaints about the CEO's leadership of the consumer goods giant.
The board late Thursday restated its support for CEO Bob McDonald, despite demands he be replaced from William Ackman, a hedge fund manager who recently took a 1% stake in P&G.
McDonald and Ackman met face-to-face for the first time Sept. 4, when Ackman submitted his lengthy list of complaints, including his disappointment about subpar returns for P&G shareholders.
Board members James McNerney, CEO of aircraft maker Boeing, and Kenneth Chenault, CEO of financial services firm American Express, attended the meeting, according to a report in The Wall Street Journal.
A P&G spokesman confirmed Thursday that Ackman, who manages hedge funds at Pershing Square Capital Management, and McDonald recently met in person. The spokesman declined to discuss details.
In a statement, McNerney said: "I, along with the entire board, have reviewed and support P&G's restructuring, refocus plan which appears to be off to a good start. The board also wholeheartedly supports Bob McDonald as he leads its implementation."
Shareholders of Cincinnati-based P&G have expressed impatience in recent years with a stock price that has hovered between $60 to $65 a share. The maker of Tide, Pampers and other well-known consumer brands twice missed profit projections in the past year as it battled a weak global economy and puny revenue growth in its mature markets.
In recent weeks, P&G's share price has risen to the high $60s. Friday, the last trading day of the third quarter, the stock closed at $69.34, up 15 cents a share. Analysts credit the stock's recent rally to fourth-quarter results that beat estimates and reports of Ackman's investment.
Ackman's reputation as a change agent precedes him, says Matt McCormick, a portfolio manager at Cincinnati-based Bahl & Gaynor Investment Counsel. He is known for taking large stakes in sputtering stocks, including Kraft Foods, J.C. Penney and Target, and then demanding that CEOs and boards change to improve a company's performance and shareholder returns.
His results have been mixed, but management at the companies he has invested in are quick to note when he takes a substantial stake, McCormick says.
P&G says it remains committed to a restructuring plan that aims to cut $10 billion in costs by 2016. The restructuring, which includes a 10% cut in non-manufacturing jobs, or 4,100 layoffs by June 2013, is ahead of schedule, McDonald told analysts in August.
The job cuts, most of which are happening via employee buyouts, are expected to be complete by December.
"The board will actively oversee the plan's implementation to ensure its effectiveness," McNerney said in his statement Thursday.
McDonald has acknowledged that P&G's results are "not as strong as we'd like." The chief executive took a 6.1% pay cut for the fiscal year that ended June 30 for not hitting performance goals, according to a P&G's financial results filing with securities regulators.
Still, McDonald has noted that the company has grown since he took over the CEO post three years ago. The company also has increased its dividend each of those years, at an annual average of about 8%.
Ali Dibadj, an analyst with New York-based Bernstein Research, said Ackman's move comes as no surprise.
"We certainly expected that Ackman was going to make some proposal to P&G, as he always does with companies that he invests in," Dibadj said."There is opportunity for management to improve, and everything else is up to the board."
Shareholders will get a chance to hear firsthand from McDonald about the company's progress during P&G's annual meeting, slated for Oct. 9.
Shareholders can ask questions of management, but the floor will not be open to any other presentations, said Jennifer Chelune, a company spokeswoman.
Whether Ackman will show at the meeting is anyone's guess, analysts said Thursday. Ackman and Pershing did not return phone calls Thursday.
With just 1% of P&G's stock, Ackman doesn't have enough power to launch a surprise proxy battle. He would likely need to buy more shares or gain the support of other large shareholders.
Still, P&G's recent announcement that it is now planning a stock buyback program after stating earlier this year that it wouldn't pursue one, "was a direct result of Ackman's agitation," McCormick said.
"Ackman represents one side, and McDonald has the other. They both think their ideas are right, and they're each vying for votes," said McCormick, whose firm manages roughly $5 million in P&G shares. Ultimately, this is going to come down to results and which side has the best vision to get the stock higher."
Is Hillary Clinton in trouble, now that Donald Trump is set to be the next president of the United States? Fortune reports that the former presidential hopeful may not be out of the woods in regards to the investigations in which she's become embroiled. In fact, Rudy Giuliani has dropped a bombshell that may make the former First Lady's supporters uncomfortable.
During Trump's campaign, he garnered a lot of attention when he threatened to prosecute and imprison Clinton, in association with her use of a private email server — among other allegations. Even though FBI Director James Comey has stated that no criminal charges are to be brought against Clinton, that hasn't stopped Trump from declaring his intentions with her. Now that he's been elected to be the next POTUS, is it possible that he may carry-through with his threats against her?
Rudy Giuliani: Donald Trump might still prosecute Hillary Clinton https://t.co/gsSP6KAeN7 — TIME (@TIME) November 13, 2016
Former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani is now the vice-chairman of Trump's transition team. In an interview with ABC News, he revealed that Donald Trump may still prosecute Hillary Clinton — therefore possibly carrying out his threats of “locking her up.” When asked if Giuliani thinks Trump will appoint someone to specifically investigate Clinton's alleged wrongdoings, he was vague.
“I guess the next attorney general is going to have to figure that out. I don't know if that will be me or not, but the next attorney general would have to figure that out.”
If Donald Trump does decide to go after Hillary Clinton, it will be the first time a sitting president has had a political rival prosecuted, in recent history. Could this spell trouble for others in the political arena?
Folks on social media are reacting in a number of ways to the bombshell Rudy Giuliani dropped in his recent interview with ABC News. While a lot of people appear to be disgusted at the idea of Trump using federal power to prosecute his rivals, others are rejoicing at the thought. The hashtag #LockHerUp, is a trending topic on Twitter, with numerous people expressing hope that Donald Trump will have Hillary Clinton imprisoned. The hashtag #JAILCLINTON is also being used by people discussing the potential of Clinton being investigated.
Trump Says He'll Immediately Deport Or Imprison Up To 3 Million Undocumented Immigrants https://t.co/HamzMRAkCo #ImpeachTrump — The99%ers (@The99Percenters) November 13, 2016
Many of Trump's supporters on social media want the next POTUS to not only go after Hillary Clinton, but to go after her during his first 100 days in office. Meanwhile, people who are disappointed in the results of the election want to find ways to have Donald Trump impeached before he has even been inaugurated. The hashtag #ImpeachTrump, along with #NotMyPresident, is attracting the comments of those who are angry that Donald Trump won the election.
@realDonaldTrump @Smart3DWeb don't forget to #lockherup with Chelsea too. She is a crook and I don't want to see a congresswoman Chelsea pic.twitter.com/MSx9onfS1U — Ronald A. Tomo (@rtomo) November 13, 2016
Do you think Donald Trump is going to carry-through on these threats to have Hillary Clinton prosecuted? Are you among those who are in support of such an idea, or do you think Trump should leave her alone? Regardless of what Trump decides in the end, it's safe to say that this election cycle has been absolutely trying for people across the country.
[Featured Image by JStone/Shutterstock]
The Canadian Armed Forces are preparing to lodge hundreds of refugees at bases in Ontario and Quebec on a temporary basis as the government prepares to resettle 25,000 refugees by year's end.
The government has yet to say how it intends to meet its goal of resettling thousands in a limited timeframe, but an announcement is expected soon.
"The Canadian Armed Forces (CAF) is currently planning on providing interim lodging at bases in Quebec and Ontario as a priority," said Dominique Tessier, a media relations officer with the Department of National Defence, in an email to CBC News.
"Other bases and locations may be used if requested by government of Canada planners."
Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale was asked on Wednesday about plans to resettle 1,000 refugees at CFB Trenton in Ontario and 500 refugees at CFB Valcartier in Quebec as early as Dec. 1.
The Canadian Armed Forces are preparing to lodge hundreds of refugees at bases in Quebec and Ontario 1:39
"We recognize the urgency. We want to release the details as rapidly as possible," said Goodale, adding that the specifics would be announced by the immigration minister in the coming days.
Goodale and Immigration Minister John McCallum met with two of Quebec's ministers today to discuss the government's "ambitious" plan.
"We reiterated our commitment to respond swiftly to the ongoing crisis, and also to ensure that the health and security of the arriving refugees – and of all Canadians – remains paramount, and is not compromised in any way," said McCallum in a written statement issued Thursday night.
While municipal and provincial officials wait for a formal announcement, plans are afoot across various federal departments to assist the government with the herculean task of resettling a large number of refugees in a short period of time.
Immigration officials are working with the departments of health, public safety, and national defence to meet the government's self-imposed deadline.
$1.5M to winterize CFB Valcartier houses
With winter on the doorstep, the military is also making plans to winterize some of its training bases to accommodate refugees.
A call for tenders went out on Thursday to winterize 10 buildings that normally house cadets during summer training at the Canadian Forces Base Valcartier in Quebec.
The $1.5 million project for "the supply of labour, material, supervision and equipment necessary to winterize 10 houses at the Cadet Camp" would have to be completed within "a very short timeline" of Dec. 30, according to the notice posted online Thursday.
The work includes the installation of a heating and venting system, the construction of new exterior walls, the installation of exterior doors, floor and roof insulation as well as fireproof curtains.
Contractors have until Nov. 24 to make a bid for the defence contract.
Winter housing search ramps up
Preparation by the military is also underway to winterize at least two other training bases in Ontario.
"CFB Meaford and Borden are two locations that will require winterization of accommodations and preparation is currently underway," said Tessier, a spokesperson with national defence, in an email to CBC on Thursday.
The military is also moving Canadian Forces members who are in military bases in Quebec and Edmonton on temporary assignments to other wings or rental units to free up space "for possible refugee accommodation," she said.
While no directive has gone out asking Canadian Forces members to cancel their vacation time, Tessier said "the requirement for some to work over the Christmas period has not been discounted."
A separate call for tenders was issued by the Department of Public Services and Procurement today for companies that could lease out winterized lodging and other services in Ontario and Quebec.
"The government of Canada is seeking interested companies that have the capacity, capability and availability to provide leasing, management and servicing of temporary winterized lodgings for groups of 500-3000 people by early December 2015 at sites to be confirmed," said the online posting without mention of refugees.
Housing units would be needed for both "individuals and large families."
Interested suppliers have until Friday to make a submission.
Malcolm X was born 80 years ago today, on 19 May 1925. But amid the commemorations, controversy is brewing. Some black activists are enraged by suggestions that their hero might have been gay - or at least bisexual. The controversy has been stirring since the publication of Bruce Perry's acclaimed biography, Malcolm: The Life of a Man Who Changed Black America (Station Hill, New York) in 1991. Based on interviews with Malcolm's closest boyhood and adult friends, Perry suggests that the US black nationalist leader was not as robustly heterosexual as his Nation of Islam (NoI) colleagues have always insisted.
Malcolm X, real name Malcolm Little, joined the militant Muslim NoI in 1949, attracted by its teaching that Allah would deliver black people from white bondage. By the 1960s, Malcolm had developed NoI ideology in new directions, becoming America's leading spokesperson for black consciousness, pride and self-help. Sexual freedom was not, however, part of his agenda.
Yet Perry's book documents Malcolm X's many gay experiences. A schoolmate, Bob Bebee, recalls the day they stumbled on a local boy jerking off. Malcolm, Bebee recalled, ordered the youth to masturbate him, and subsequently boasted he had given him oral sex. Later, from the age of 20, Malcolm had sex with men for money - as hinted at in Spike Lee's 1992 biopic - and he had at least one sustained sexual liaison with a man. While living in Flint, Michigan, his roommate noticed that instead of sleeping in the room they were sharing, Malcolm sneaked down the hall to spend the night with a gay transvestite named Willie Mae.
In New York, two of Malcolm's friends from Michigan remember bumping into him at the YMCA, where Malcolm bragged he earned money servicing "queers". Later, Malcolm worked as a butler to a wealthy Boston bachelor, William Paul Lennon. According to Malcolm's sidekick Malcolm Jarvis, he was paid to sprinkle Lennon with talcum powder and bring him to orgasm. Perry suggests that Malcolm's gay encounters may not have been entirely financially motivated. His masculine insecurities and ambivalence towards women fit the archetype of a repressed gay man and point to latent homosexuality.
After the death of his father, when Malcolm was six, he lacked male role models and was dominated by strong women - in particular, his tyrannical mother. He feared women and his early sexual experiences with girls were mostly unsatisfactory. Far from macho, Malcolm hated fighting and got beaten by other men. His passionate assertion that the need to feel masculine is a man's "greatest urge" indicates someone doubtful of his own manliness.
As for his sporadic gay hustling, as Perry notes, "there were other ways he could have earned money". Dope-dealing, thieving and pimping were sources of income he had pursued with success. There was no imperative to sell his body. Why, then, did he prostitute himself? Misogyny and repressed homosexuality might be the answer. According to Perry: "His male-to-male encounters, which rendered it unnecessary for him to compete for women, afforded him an opportunity for sexual release without the attendant risk of dependence on women."
Was Malcolm X gay? Bisexual? In his schooldays, he was apparently a passive participant. Others masturbated or fellated him. Later, while working as a male prostitute, he took a more hands-on role in sex, especially with Lennon. This part-time whoring may have been pecuniary. There is, however, plentiful research suggesting that many guys who have sex with men for payment are in denial about their homosexuality. They tell themselves they are doing it for the money. This is their way of coping with same-sex desires that they are unable to accept. Was this Malcolm's excuse? Surely there must have been some degree of queer desire to enable Malcolm to sustain his sexual experiences with men over a period of 10 years? If this desire was within him from adolescence to early adulthood, could he have erased it completely in later life?
Sexuality is not like a newspaper - read today and discarded tomorrow. Established desires can be sublimated or repressed, but never eliminated. If people have a homosexual capacity, it stays with them for life - even if they never act on it. Was Malcolm an exception? There is no evidence that his same-sex dalliances continued once he joined the NoI; he married and had children, and, with all the fervour of a zealous convert, he embraced the NoI's fiercely puritanical Muslim sexual morality.
Had he not been assassinated in 1965, almost certainly at the hands of NoI rivals, Malcolm might have eventually, like Huey Newton of the Black Panthers, welcomed the gay liberation movement as part of the struggle for human emancipation. Instead, to serve its homophobic political agenda, for 50 years the NoI has suppressed knowledge of Malcolm's gay past.
Now it is time to blow the whistle. There is not a single world-famous black person who is openly gay. Young black lesbians and gays need role models. Who better than Malcolm X, one of the inspirations of my activism and one of the great modern heroes of black liberation?
Last episode saw me slowly building up towards setting the case for a pygo interpreter: a python interpreter in Go .
Still following the Python interpreter written in Python blueprints, let me first do (yet another!) little detour: let me build a tiny ( python -like) interpreter.
A Tiny Interpreter
This tiny interpreter will understand three instructions:
LOAD_VALUE
ADD_TWO_VALUES
PRINT_ANSWER
As stated before, my interpreter doesn't care about lexing, parsing nor compiling. It has just, somehow, got the instructions from somewhere.
So, let's say I want to interpret:
7 + 5
The instruction set to interpret it would look like:
code := Code{ Prog: []Instruction{ OpLoadValue, 0, // load first number OpLoadValue, 1, // load second number OpAdd, OpPrint, }, Numbers: []int{7, 5}, } var interp Interpreter interp.Run(code)
The astute reader will probably notice I have slightly departed from AOSA's python code. In the book, each instruction is actually a 2-tuple (Opcode, Value) . Here, an instruction is just a stream of “integers”, being (implicitly) either an Opcode or an operand.
The CPython interpreter is a stack machine. Its instruction set reflects that implementation detail and thus, our tiny interpreter implementation will have to cater for this aspect too:
type Interpreter struct { stack stack } type stack struct { stk []int }
Now, the interpreter has to actually run the code, iterating over each instruction, pushing/popping values to/from the stack, according to the current instruction. That's done in the Run(code Code) method:
func (interp *Interpreter) Run(code Code) { prog := code.Prog for pc := 0; pc < len(prog); pc++ { op := prog[pc].(Opcode) switch op { case OpLoadValue: pc++ val := code.Numbers[prog[pc].(int)] interp.stack.push(val) case OpAdd: lhs := interp.stack.pop() rhs := interp.stack.pop() sum := lhs + rhs interp.stack.push(sum) case OpPrint: val := interp.stack.pop() fmt.Println(val) } } }
And, yes, sure enough, running this:
func main() { code := Code{ Prog: []Instruction{ OpLoadValue, 0, // load first number OpLoadValue, 1, // load second number OpAdd, OpPrint, }, Numbers: []int{7, 5}, } var interp Interpreter interp.Run(code) }
outputs:
$> go run ./cmd/tiny-interpreter/main.go 12
The full code is here: github.com/sbinet/pygo/cmd/tiny-interp.
Variables
The AOSA article sharply notices that, even though this tiny-interp interpreter is quite limited, its overall architecture and modus operandi are quite comparable to how the real python interpreter works.
Save for variables. tiny-interp doesn't do variables. Let's fix that.
Consider this code fragment:
a = 1 b = 2 print(a+b)
tiny-interp needs to be modified so that:
values can be associated to name (variables), and
new Opcodes need to be added to describe these associations.
Under these new considerations, the above code fragment would be compiled down to the following program:
func main() { code := Code{ Prog: []Instruction{ OpLoadValue, 0, OpStoreName, 0, OpLoadValue, 1, OpStoreName, 1, OpLoadName, 0, OpLoadName, 1, OpAdd, OpPrint, }, Numbers: []int{1, 2}, Names: []string{"a", "b"}, } interp := New() interp.Run(code) }
The new opcodes OpStoreName and OpLoadName respectively store the current value on the stack with some variable name (the index into the Names slice) and load the value (push it on the stack) associated with the current variable.
The Interpreter now looks like:
type Interpreter struct { stack stack env map[string]int }
where env is the association of variable names with their current value.
The Run method is then modified to handle OpLoadName and OpStoreName :
func (interp *Interpreter) Run(code Code) { @@ -63,6 +79,16 @@ func (interp *Interpreter) Run(code Code) { case OpPrint: val := interp.stack.pop() fmt.Println(val) + case OpLoadName: + pc++ + name := code.Names[prog[pc].(int)] + val := interp.env[name] + interp.stack.push(val) + case OpStoreName: + pc++ + name := code.Names[prog[pc].(int)] + val := interp.stack.pop() + interp.env[name] = val } } }
At this point, tiny-interp correctly handles variables:
$> tiny-interp 3
which is indeed the expected result.
The complete code is here: github.com/sbinet/pygo/cmd/tiny-interp
Control flow && function calls
tiny-interp is already quite great. I think. But there is at least one glaring defect. Consider:
def cond(): x = 3 if x < 5: return "yes" else: return "no"
tiny-interp doesn't handle conditionals. It's also completely ignorant about loops and can't actually call (nor define) functions. In a nutshell, there is no control flow in tiny-interp . Yet.
To properly implement function calls, though, tiny-interp will need to grow a new concept: activation records, also known as Frames .
Stay tuned…
High schools in North Carolina and Kentucky were placed on lockdowns after two separate shooting incidents that left one student injured at each school.
Police and SWAT teams flooded into Fern Creek High School in Louisville, Kentucky after reports of shots fired Tuesday afternoon. At least one student was injured and taken to the hospital, and the parents have been notified, police said.
The injuries are not life-threatening, and the student has been transported to nearby University Hospital, a Louisville Metro Police Department spokesperson reported. Another student told his mother that he saw a single gunman aim and shoot the victim in the stomach, according WLKY.
Parents telling @WHAS11Renee that texts from Fern Creek High School students reveal someone was shot in the stomach and the leg. @WHAS11 — Brooke Hasch (@WHAS11Hasch) September 30, 2014
“The shooter most likely fled scene immediately after,” LMPD Sgt. Bill Russell told reporters. Police are still searching the building. “It will take time to secure building and ensure everyone is safe,” he added.
“The parents and the victim have been united in the hospital,” Jefferson County Public Schools spokesman Ben Jackey told reporters. “If you have not heard from JCPS, it is safe to assume that your child is okay.”
Students are being evacuated from the school class-by-class, with their hands above their heads, until they arrive at the baseball stadium behind the building or at Fern Creek Park, about a half mile away.
Fern Creek High School students with hands on head. Screen grab from @whas11 mobile livestream http://t.co/INtWrSII4Ypic.twitter.com/opDOhbbSSR — Matt Stone (@mattstonephotog) September 30, 2014
“It is senseless, it is unacceptable and it cannot happen in our schools,” Jackey said.
The American Red Cross has arrived with one of its emergency relief vehicles, WLKY's helicopter pilot reported.
Shortly after staff became aware there was a gunman on the premises around 1 p.m. local time, the school went on a Level 5 lockdown, with students and teachers sheltering in place until they were evacuated by police, Jackey said.
There are 1,400 students enrolled at FCHS, and Fern Creek Elementary School, located next door to the high school, is also on lockdown. The schools are about 10 miles south of downtown Louisville.
The school and police are asking parents to meet their students at Fern Creek Park. “Parents must bring an ID to identify themselves as the guardian of the student,” Jackey said. If a parent arrives without identification, “we will figure something out."
Students are texting their parents, and some are still in classes because they believe the gunman is still on the loose, WLKY's Anne Bowdan reported.
Photo: Students evacuated with hands over heads from Fern Creek High School in Louisville after shots fired on campus pic.twitter.com/G3pp9NFmb0 — NBC Nightly News (@NBCNightlyNews) September 30, 2014
Tuesday morning, an argument between two male students outside Albemarle High School in Albemarle, North Carolina ended with one of them shooting the other before classes began, police said. The suspected shooter ‒ who was not identified ‒ surrendered to police, Police Chief William Halliburton said. The town is about 40 miles northeast of Charlotte.
Welcome to Today's edition of “Top Shelf Prospects”. Over the last 6 weeks we have featured a team-by-team look at the top prospects in the NHL, going team by team throughout the league. You can find all the articles here. You can also look at my extensive NHL Draft preview for more on many of these prospects. For those wondering, the cut-off for what is or isn't a prospect is typically about 50 NHL games played or being 25 years old. These are not hard or fast rules though, and I may make some exceptions depending on the circumstances (especially due to the fact that the latest NHL season was only 48 games). Today we start the organizational rankings, looking at each team in countdown style from 30-21. For more information on each team, you can click on the team name which will take you to the article on their system.
30. San Jose Sharks – The Sharks system has been hurt by trading away recent picks, and top prospects like Charlie Coyle and Michael Sgarbossa. College free agent pickups like Matt Tennyson and Travis Oleksuk certainly help to build depth, but it just isn't enough. When we look at the San Jose system, we see a lack of blue chip elite talent. We like Tomas Hertl, and Mirco Mueller was a nice addition, but neither is an elite “near sure thing” blue chip prospect, and overall the depth lacks compared to the rest of the NHL.
29. New Jersey Devils – The graduations of Adam Larsson, Jacob Josefsson, and Adam Henrique over the last few years along with the trading of multiple draft picks (the Devils only had 5 picks this year) has left the Devils prospect pipeline lacking in depth. Meanwhile, questions surrounding Jon Merrill, and Stefan Matteau who quit on his QMJHL team during the playoffs, have raised concerns about the character of two of the team's most high profile prospects. As a result the Devils group just doesn't match up when compared to other NHL clubs. With the Devils 2014 first round pick set to be forfeited, GM Lou Lamoriello will have his work cut out for him replenishing the Devils system. A solid season from Reid Boucher is the only thing keeping the Devils out of the 30th spot.
28. Philadelphia Flyers – The Flyers prospect system is considered amongst the weakest in the NHL. While Scott Laughton, Samuel Morin, and Robert Hagg are good prospects, I don't see a true game changer here, and overall the system lacks players who project as top 6 forwards, or top 4 defencemen. Two things have happened to get the Flyers system into the state it is in. Firstly the team spent many years trading high draft picks, and prospects for immediate help for the NHL side. Secondly, when the Flyers have made trades to get younger, players like Brayden Schenn, and Sean Couturier have immediately gone to the NHL. The Flyers have a number of young players already at the NHL level, and so this lack of depth in the system shouldn't hurt too much.
27. New York Rangers – The Rangers prospect pool is quite shallow right now. We've seen them graduate numerous prospects to the NHL in recent years such as Derek Stepan, Carl Hagelin, Ryan McDonagh, and others. We've also seen them move picks and young players, such as in the Rick Nash trade. As a result, they have really put a strain on their system and will need to build it back up in the coming years. A disappointing season from Chris Kreider also hurts the ranking along with the slow development of Dylan McIlrath. A look at the system in general sees a team where depth is lacking. This isn't unusual though, as it is often the case for a team with a win now mentality like the Rangers have.
26. Los Angeles Kings – In Tyler Toffoli, Tanner Pearson, Valentin Zykov and others the Kings have good depth on the wings. Meanwhile the defence also has depth with Derek Forbot, and Kevin Gravel leading the way. However, even with depth, there is little in the way of potential first line talent or top 2 defencemen here. There is also a real lack of depth at centre or in goal. The Kings are a team in win now mode though. They have an outstanding young team and are reaping the rewards of having one of hockey's best systems for years. These things work in cycles, and the Kings are in win now mode, not building up the system as they were about 5 years ago. The way the team has been run should be an example to other NHL clubs.
25. Carolina Hurricanes – Overall the Canes system is a little shallow for a team that hasn't made the playoffs much lately. The trade to acquire Jordan Staal is one factor. The quickness with which players like Jeff Skinner and Justin Faulk progressed into NHL players and graduated is another factor. A third is seeing a highly rated prospect like Zach Boychuk bust out. The Canes hit the trifecta of what makes a prospect group shallow (trading picks/prospects, the good news of quick graduations, and the bad news of busts). While Elias Lindholm, and Ryan Murphy are real top propects, and there are a few other good prospects like Victor Rask, Zac Dalpe, Phil DiGiuseppe, Keegan Lowe, and Danny Biega, there are definitely some areas the group is lacking. Overall the Canes need to improve their depth on the wings, and there is not much in the goalie prospect pipeline, where almost all hopes rest on Daniel Altshuller.
24. Vancouver Canucks – The Canucks prospect pool was quite thin but they did a pretty decent job of strengthening it, especially at forward in the NHL Draft. Bo Horvat and Hunter Shinkaruk immediately become the team's two best prospects. While Frankie Corrado will push for a spot on defence sooner rather than later. Nick Jensen is also a nice prospect who the Canucks can be patient with. On the other end of the spectrum, time is running out for players like Eddie Lack, and Jordan Schroeder. The time for these two to make an NHL impression is now.
23. Toronto Maple Leafs – The strength of the Leafs prospect pool is certainly in defence. Morgan Rielly is a top notch defensive prospect, while Matt Finn, Jesse Blacker, Stuart Percy and others give real depth here. Meanwhile the graduation of Nazem Kadri, and the trade of Matt Frattin, leaves the Leafs a little short in terms of forwards. Joe Colborne should get a great opportunity to make the team this season, but given his inability to truly dominate offensively in the AHL, he is likely a bottom 6 centres. New draft pick Frederik Gauthier has top 6 potential, but his ceiling is likely a responsible two way players on the second line. Past that players like Tyler Biggs and Brad Ross have questions about their ability to play in the top 6, and their most talented forward may be Josh Leivo, who will be a project. In goal, it seems the future is already in Toronto as Garrett Sparks is the best prospect they have, and is also a project. A serious injection of forward talent must be on Dave Nonis' future agenda.
22. Washington Capitals – In Evgeni Kuznetsov the Capitals have an outstanding top end talent, in fact he might be the best prospect in hockey. However the depth of the system is lacking. Other forwards include Tom Wilson, who has questions as to whether he can be a top 6 forward or he is a third liner, 2013 draftee Andre Burakovsky, who has questions on his consistency; along with Zach Sanford and Riley Barber, a pair of projects likely playing NCAA hockey this year. Meanwhile, Stanislav Galiev really struggled in his first pro season and couldn't adjust to the AHL, and ended up in the ECHL. There are some decent prospects, but no forward can really provide immediate help to the Capitals. On the defence Tom Kundratek will push for a full-time NHL spot this season and Madison Bowey was a good pick, but again there is a lack of depth. The reason for the Capitals lack of depth is the number of young players who have graduated in recent years including Karl Alzner, John Carlson, Nicklas Backstrom, Dmitri Orlov, Marcus Johansson, Braden Holtby and others making impacts at the NHL level. When that happens, and so many young players make the big squad early, it's not a bad thing for the NHL team, but it makes the prospect pool lack depth as a result. Caps fans shouldn't be too concerned about the future of the team, even if they land a lower spot in the final team rankings.
21. Colorado Avalanche – For a team that has limited success since the 2004-05 lockout, you'd expect that the Avalanche would have amassed a better prospect pool than they have. While this year's draft was a big boost to them of course with Nathan MacKinnon being a gem, and Chris Bigras, Spencer Martin, Mason Geertsen all having solid potential; the fact that there is only a few real high-end talents in the system outside of the 2013 draftees should be concerning to most teams. However when we look at the young NHL team in Colorado with guys like Gabriel Landeskog, Matt Duchene, Ryan O'Reilly and a young goalie in Semyon Varlamov already making major contributors to the team, this is an example where a prospect system may look to be on the weak end, but its an illusion because of the high quality young talent that has already been graduated to the NHL team. As far as the forwards are concerned, the future is bright in Colorado. It's now a matter of shoring up the backend, but even there, in Stefan Elliott, Tyson Barrie, Duncan Siemens, and Bigras, they have a good head start.
Check back tomorrow for rankings 20-11.
Thanks for reading. You can follow me on Twitter – @lastwordBKerr. Please also give our Hockey Department a follow-on Twitter – @crimsonskorpion, @TheHockeyMitch, @LastWordBigMick, @CMS_74_, @dasimonetta, @Larry_Scotti, @ddmatthews, @evan_lacey, @thetq21, @CanuckPuckHead, and @LastWordOnNHL, and follow the site @lastwordonsport.
Interested in writing for LastWordOnSports? If so, check out our “Join Our Team” page to find out how.
Tesla is inviting institutional investors for a joy ride in the Model 3 12:45 PM ET Fri, 10 Nov 2017 | 00:45
Tesla is inviting institutional investors to take a joy ride in the Model 3 this weekend.
An invitation, which was viewed by CNBC, was sent to clients and prospective clients of UBS. It says drivers at the closed-door event will be accompanied by Tesla representatives and barred from taking photos or videos.
The event will take place at Tesla's Red Hook showroom and service center on Saturday. A Tesla spokesperson didn't respond to a request for comment.
Earlier this week, Tesla also hosted Wall Street analysts at various events. Teams from RBC Capital Markets and Goldman Sachs, for example, were permitted to drive the Model 3 (at least for a few blocks) accompanied by representatives from Tesla investor relations.
Firms including Goldman and RBC issued favorable reviews of the Model 3 in updated notes on Tesla this week. However, the Model 3 has yet to be tested by the most influential car critics and auto trade publications.
Tesla has been beset by production delays for its Model 3 sedans, attributing the problems to suppliers. The Model 3 concept was first announced by CEO Elon Musk in March 2016. Musk said in July that Tesla would probably be making 20,000 Model 3s per month by December.
But Tesla now expects its production rate for Model 3s to hit 5,000 units a week by the end of March. As of its latest earnings report, Tesla said it had only produced 260 Model 3s.
Would-be owners put down a refundable $1,000 deposit to preorder the car. They may not be eligible to recoup a $7,500 federal tax credit for electric vehicles if production is delayed too long, according to Greentech Media.
Nomura Instinet's Romit Shah has given the car a test drive. He reiterated a buy rating on Tesla and compared the brand to Apple. Tesla holds so much sway with consumers that he expects them to forgive reasonable delays and buy the company's cars with or without EV tax credits.
Tesla reported losses of $1.66 billion in the first three quarters of the year, and some investors are now questioning if the company has enough cash and credit to hit its Model 3 goals and more.
Protesters take part in a protest denouncing South Korean President Park Geun-hye over a recent influence-peddling scandal in central Seoul, South Korea, October 29, 2016. The banner reads, "Call for Park Geun-hye to step down". REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji
SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korean President Park Geun-hye has accepted the resignations of her top presidential aides, including the chief of staff, the presidential office said on Sunday, amid a deepening political crisis.
The departure of the top presidential officials comes as Park is grappling with a recent influence-peddling scandal involving an old friend, Choi Soon-sil.
Choi returned to South Korea from Germany on Sunday as the political crisis engulfed Park over allegations that she allowed Choi to use her friendship to exert improper influence and benefit personally.
Jeong Yeon-guk, a spokesman for the presidential office, announced on Sunday that three long-time Park aides had also stepped down.
Kathy Jackson used union settlement with Peter Mac cancer hospital to set up slush fund, court hears
Updated
Former Health Services Union (HSU) national secretary Kathy Jackson set up a slush fund with the proceeds of a union settlement with Melbourne cancer hospital Peter MacCallum, a court has heard.
The union is suing Ms Jackson in the Federal Court and she is accused of misappropriating more than $1.3 million of union funds on personal expenses.
The civil trial is proceeding despite Ms Jackson failing to attend court and her lawyer withdrawing from the case last week after she declared bankruptcy, leaving her without legal counsel.
Ms Jackson denies any wrongdoing.
Lawyers for the HSU outlined to the court an alleged slush fund, called the National Health Development Account (NHDA), they claimed Ms Jackson set up, in order to siphon union money out for her own benefit.
The court heard Ms Jackson claimed that all HSU branches contributed to the fund for research and campaign purposes, but HSU counsel Mark Irving said there was no evidence that occurred, and the claims were false.
It's simply Ms Jackson taking the money for her own personal expenses. That's all that's occurred. Mark Irving, HSU counsel
Mr Irving said the only source of funds for the account came from Ms Jackson's HSU East branch.
He said Ms Jackson continued to make significant withdrawals from the account after she lost her union authority when administrators moved in to take over the HSU in 2012.
Mr Irving told the court financial records showed Ms Jackson would withdraw several thousand dollars from the fund at a time before depositing the same or a similar amount into her own bank accounts, including a mortgage account, within several days.
He said the withdrawals from the fund were conducted under the guise of union donations, and in some cases, recorded as "loan interest".
He said such actions breached many union rules.
"If you are going to give the money of the union away for nothing ... you need explicit approval," Mr Irving said.
"The money, once it left the union account, arrived in the NHDA ... then it became Ms Jackson's money."
Cash withdrawals, luxury goods and fine dining
Mr Irving cited one example, in which he alleged Ms Jackson took $8,000 out of the account, gave 10 people at a HSU meeting $100 each, and pocketed the rest.
"She offered no explanation," Mr Irving told the court.
He said Ms Jackson claimed she was entitled to $55,000 in entitlements each year when she was a national secretary of the HSU, on top of her six-figure salary, but "we say there was no evidence of those things".
"It's not for some union or industrial purpose," Mr Irving said of Ms Jackson's withdrawals.
"It's simply Ms Jackson taking the money for her own personal expenses. That's all that's occurred."
The court also heard details of Ms Jackson's alleged cash withdrawals of $6,500, when she was in the United States.
Cash had been taken out of union accounts in Las Vegas, San Francisco, Washington as well as Heathrow Airport in London, the court heard.
The court heard Ms Jackson is also accused of spending union funds at a gourmet butcher and on luxury leather goods.
She is accused of using union funds to pay for extensive travel, fine dining, food, wine and entertainment in the $2.5 million lawsuit, including a single $14,000 dinner bill for exclusive Melbourne restaurant Fenix.
Ms Jackson was never elected to any of the positions she held in the HSU, and was instead always appointed, the court heard.
Ms Jackson succeeded Craig Thomson as national secretary, when he entered Parliament as a federal Labor MP for the NSW central coast.
Her failure to attend the trial follows the path of Mr Thomson, who did not attend or defend his own civil trial in the court earlier this year.
Ms Jackson is also facing the prospect of potential criminal charges after appearing at the Royal Commission into Trade Union Corruption and Governance.
The royal commission recommended prosecutors investigate her conduct.
The trial continues.
Topics: courts-and-trials, law-crime-and-justice, unions, melbourne-3000
First posted
Posted by Heading Out on June 2, 2013 - 4:54am
There is often quite a debate in the Peak Oil community over the difference between a reserve and a resource. Simplistically a resource is, for the sake of discussion, the amount of oil that is in the ground in a certain country, while the reserve is the amount of oil that can be both technically and economically recovered from that resource. The numbers can differ quite markedly, and the judgment as to whether a certain body is a reserve is finally made when a well is drilled down, and production (or not) begins.
Just having the reserve available is not, however, within the global discussion of Peak Oil, an adequate sufficiency. Because oil well flow declines over time, it is important that the rate of oil production from that reservoir, and the timeliness of its arrival within the supply chain, be considered. This is particularly true in discussions about the help that the reserve will provide in ensuring that there is an adequate supply available when the global demand needs it. Normally, as noted, the decisions about production are made on geologic and economic grounds, but it would be foolish not to recognize that there are other factors. Consider the case of Iraq. It is a common the assumption that Iraqi oil production will rise considerably, with some suggesting it will reach the levels currently only achieved by Russia and Saudi Arabia, although there are some who project it might even rise to as much as 13 mbd, given that there are contracts in place, which if fulfilled on time, would raise Iraqi production four-fold to 12 mbd by 2017.
In their Special Report on Iraq last year, the IEA noted that the country is already the world's third-largest oil exporter, with the potential and intent to increase production much further. And, as the EIA notes, Iraq became the second largest oil producer in OPEC when it passed Iran at the end of last year.
Figure 1. Iraqi production of oil since 1990. (EIA)
Iraq is currently producing around 3.1 mbd of crude and thus the potential production levels, and their contribution to reserves and to the daily global need for supply, still has a way to go. With so much oil potentially available, and yet with considerable question over the rate at which it will arrive, it is worth examining the conclusions that the IEA came to, before the current increase in violence occurred. This new spate of attacks comes after an interval when violence was decreasing in the country, and may prove a further impediment to significant growth in production.
Man jailed for cutting off girlfriend's tongue
Updated
A man has been sentenced to eight-and-a-half years' jail for severing a woman's tongue.
Mohammed Tasleem Tahir was in a relationship with a woman in Adelaide, and when she moved to the Gold Coast, he followed her.
The Southport District Court heard in November 2010, the then 21-year-old attacked her in her apartment.
The Crown prosecutor told the court Tahir smashed an empty bottle over the 20-year-old's head several times, fracturing her eye socket.
Tahir then dragged a knife across her face, cutting her mouth and severing her tongue, the court heard.
Judge Katherine McGinness sentenced Tahir to eight-and-a-half years' jail.
She ordered he is eligible for parole after serving a third of his sentence.
A woman in the public gallery gasped when the judge explained that, due to time already served, Tahir could be released in September next year.
Topics: courts-and-trials, law-crime-and-justice, assault, southport-4215
First posted
CLEVELAND — Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE Jr. is sparking chatter here about his own political future after his time in the spotlight at the Republican National Convention.
Hours after casting the decisive votes on behalf of the New York delegation to make the senior Trump's nomination for president official, he delivered a prime-time speech Tuesday night that even impressed his father's critics.
ADVERTISEMENT
Trump Jr. stoked the buzz further on Wednesday as he expressed interest in a potential run for office.
“Maybe when the kids get out of school, I would consider it,” he said at an event sponsored by The Wall Street Journal.
Trump Jr., a 38-year-old father of five children, added that he still has ”a lot to do in my own career."
His speech Tuesday night was one of the best-received in the convention hall as he touted his father's business success in an effort to humanize the polarizing real estate mogul.
“I've seen it time and time again — that look in his eyes when someone says it can't be done,” Trump Jr. said. “I saw that look a little over a year ago when he was told he couldn't possibly succeed in politics.”
“His unrelenting determination is why he's going to become the next president,” he added. “And why I know when my father says he's going to fix the country, he means it."
Renowned GOP pollster Frank Luntz surveyed a focus group of undecided voters on Sean Hannity's Fox News show shortly after Trump Jr. spoke. Sixteen of the 19 participants agreed: They'd like to see Trump Jr. run for office.
The voters in the focus group didn't hold whatever misgivings they hold about Donald Trump against his son.
“The father should take lessons from the son. He didn't tear anybody down,” one participant said.
Trump Jr., notably, retweeted a Fox News link detailing the results of Luntz's focus group.
Rep. Chris Collins (R-N.Y.), the first member of Congress to endorse Trump, told The Hill that he saw Trump Jr.'s political potential after they both appeared at a recent National Rifle Association event.
“You know, I think you could be a solid candidate against Sen. [Charles] Schumer someday,” Collins jokingly told Trump Jr., who laughed off the suggestion.
Of course, it would be extraordinarily difficult for any Republican to unseat Schumer, the likely next Senate Democratic leader, in deep-blue New York. But Collins said his impression of Trump Jr. was a preview of what the nation saw Tuesday night.
“He is such a natural, my goodness,” Collins said.
Members of Trump's family are slated to speak every night of the GOP convention. His third and current wife, Melania, spoke on the opening night; Donald Jr. and daughter Tiffany both spoke on Tuesday; his son Eric on Wednesday night; and Ivanka will introduce her father when he formally accepts the GOP nomination on Thursday.
Trump Jr. has been one of his father's most influential advisers throughout the campaign and is an executive vice president of the Trump Organization. He also served as a New York delegate in Cleveland.
Ralph Mohr, a New York delegate from Buffalo, expressed enthusiasm for the idea of Trump Jr. launching a bid for public office.
“We can use Republican representatives out of Manhattan in New York. He would be a good candidate, I believe,” Mohr told The Hill in an interview near the Quicken Loans Arena, where Trump Jr. had electrified the crowd the night before.
“The family hasn't been in politics before. Maybe this is something that they'll enjoy and be able to get going into to become involved in politics and maybe run for office,” Mohr said.
Even conservative commentator Erick Erickson found himself praising Trump Jr. despite his disdain for the party's 2016 presidential nominee.
“If he were running for President, he sounds like a guy I could support. But alas he is not. His dad is,” Erickson wrote in a blog post titled “Donald Trump, Jr. For President.”
“He knows his audience. This guy could have a future in politics,” he concluded.
Wiseacre Brewing will not move into the Mid-South Coliseum (at least for now) and a local grassroots group said the move won't stop “the momentum to reopen the landmark.”City officials announced Monday that the company said it was not ready to move into the long-vacant building but will still consider it an option.Last year, the Memphis brewery was given an option to lease the building from the city government. Memphis City Council members approved a lease on the building for the company and gave Wiseacre officials six months to determine whether or not the Coliseum fit its expansion needs.“At the conclusion of its period of exclusive study late last week, Wiseacre Brewing Company informed us that it is not positioned to move forward with a lease of the Mid-South Coliseum,” Doug McGowen, the city's chief operating officer, said in a statement. “Wiseacre has not eliminated it as an option, but all parties now understand that the exclusive period has passed. We thank Wiseacre for its interest and we continue to encourage its growth in our city.”The grassroots Coliseum Coalition, too, thanked Wiseacre “for the love and attention they brought” to the Coliseum.“Although many of us are disappointed that they won't be expanding their operations in the building, Wiseacre's efforts show that the Coliseum is a building of the future,” Coliation president Roy Barnes. “We won't lose the energy and imagination that this great company has put into this great building as we move forward to that future.”McGowan said the next steps for the building will be to convene stakeholders of the Mid-South Fairgrounds around the Urban Land Use Institute study from 2015. He said the group will work to submit a Tourism Development Zone (TDZ) application to state officials by this fall.“Our group will view the entire Fairgrounds and surrounding area and will include for consideration all of the previous public input and development ideas that were gathered in earlier discussions,” McGowen said.Charles “Chooch” Pickard, the Coalition's vice president, the Coliseum “is in excellent shape” and can meet the necessary challenges to re-open it. But Pickard said any process to re-open the Coliseum must be done with with patience and in public.“We cannot afford a first-come, first-serve approach to these great public spaces,” Pickard said. The Fairgrounds and Coliseum deserve the best. Memphis deserves that.”Last month, Wiseacre officials said they are simply out of space to brew any more beer at their Broad Avenue brewery and taproom.
Moving Average Convergence Divergence (MACD) is one of the most popular technical indicators used by traders.
It is a flexible indicator that can be used for determining the strength and direction of a trend. It has three distinct features and in this first post we are going to do a high-level analysis of one of those features, the MACD Line.
We will compare three of the most common MACD Line settings on the EUR/USD using daily bars over the past few years to determine whether or not there is a historical pattern that can be exploited.
What is the MACD Line?
The MACD Line was the first feature developed in the MACD indicator. It was developed around 1977 by Gerald Appel. The other two features are the MACD Signal Line, a smoothed average of the MACD Line, and the MACD Histogram, which is the difference between the Signal Line and the MACD Line.
The MACD Line is composed of a fast and slow moving average. The value of the MACD Line is the difference between the two moving averages. The default settings for the two moving averages are typically 12-period (fast) and 26-period (slow) exponential moving averages and are generally calculated off of the close price of an asset. Using the MACD Line is the exact same as using a moving average cross. If you subtract the price of a fast-period moving average from the price of a slow-period moving average, you will get the value of the MACD Line. Gerald Appel also commonly uses default periods of 19- and 39-period EMAs while Tom Aspray, who added the histogram feature and studied the MACD in the 1980s commonly uses 10- and 20-period EMAs.
Gerald Appel claims, “As a general rule of thumb, the market climate is most unfavorable when the MACD is falling and below zero.” We'll take the latter part of his rule of thumb to form our hypothesis; it is unfavorable to go long when the MACD Line is below 0 and it is unfavorable to go short when the MACD Line is above 0.
Using TRAIDE we can test exactly how favorable and unfavorable the market is when the MACD Line is above and below zero; We will try to find values of the MACD Line that lead to bullish and bearish moves the following day by looking at every trading day between August 1st, 2012 and March 24, 2015.
MACD Line (12, 26-Period EMAs) Analysis
TRAIDE automatically generates a histogram of the empirical data to display the distribution of the MACD Line values over our date range. The histogram will show how many of the next days' bars closed up and how many closed down for every MACD Line value over our date range.
To create the histogram, we will first select the asset we want to analyze, the timeframe and date range. We then select the MACD Line feature under the MACD indicator group in the middle column of TRAIDE's Strategy Creation page. We can ignore the “Signal Moving Average Type” and “Signal Period” in the indicator settings because we are not using the MACD Signal feature.
Let's click analyze and look at the distribution.
y-axis: The number of trades, or trading days, between 08/01/2012 and 03/24/2015.
The number of trades, or trading days, between 08/01/2012 and 03/24/2015. x-axis: The values of the MACD Line, ranging from -0.026 to 0.018.
The values of the MACD Line, ranging from -0.026 to 0.018. Dividing lines on x-axis: This is the width of a “bin”. There are 10 bins and the edges of the bins are labeled. For example, -0.022 to -0.018 is one bin.
This is the width of a “bin”. There are 10 bins and the edges of the bins are labeled. For example, -0.022 to -0.018 is one bin. Red bars: The height of red bars represents the number of trading days where the following day was bearish, or the close was lower than the open, in any particular bin.
The height of red bars represents the number of trading days where the following day was bearish, or the close was lower than the open, in any particular bin. Green bars: The height of green bars represents the number trading days where the following day was bullish, or the close was higher than the open. in any particular bin.
The height of green bars represents the number trading days where the following day was bullish, or the close was higher than the open. in any particular bin. Shading of the bars: We won't be using the shading, but this is the strength of signal for that bin. Darker green means that the algorithms found strong signals to go long and darker red bars means that TRAIDE's algorithms found strong signals for going short.
Using our distribution, let's test our hypothesis.
The first step is to remove the ambiguous information. The red and green bars in bin -0.002 (-20 pips) to 0.002 (20 pips) straddle the zero line; we don't know whether the next day closed up or down since we cannot distinguish between the trades that occurred right around zero.
The next step is to click all of the green bars above 0.002 and all of the red bars below -0.002 and see what the accuracy is in our statistics table for each case. When we select the green bars, we are going long for all positive values of the MACD Line above 0.002 and going short for all negative values below -0.002. We want to see if just this simple rule will lead to over 50% of our trades being correct.
What we find is that when the MACD Line is positive, the price on the next day tends to close higher than the previous bar's close and when the MACD Line is negative, the price on the following day tends to close below the current day's close. There were 640 trades in our sample.
It turns out that our hypothesis is true. There is a historical pattern; when the MACD Line is negative (less than -0.002), the next day is bearish 52% of the time and presents an unfavorable condition to go long. When the MACD Line is positive (greater than 0.002), the next day is bullish 54% of the time, presenting an unfavorable condition for going short.
Let's dive in a little bit deeper and see if we can refine our MACD Line values. From the distribution, it looks like the tail ends of the histograms don't present a clear historical pattern while the histogram bars on either side of the -0.002 to 0.002 bin appear to have a clear pattern.
Finding the Best Values for Long or Short (MACD Line (12, 26))
On the days where the MACD Line is greater than 0.002, but less than 0.006, the next day was bullish 58% of the time with 183 total trades. In other words, when the 12-period EMA is between 20 and 60 pips above the 26-period EMA the next day closed up 58% of the time. On the days where the MACD Line was less than -0.002 but greater than -0.006, the next day was bearish 52% of the time. We went from a sample size of 640 trades to 380.
You can use this information to not go long when the MACD Line is between 0.002 and 0.006 or if you are going long, check to see if the MACD Line is within that range. The same goes for going short but with the negative MACD Line values. You could also use this information for the basis of a strategy. Waiting for the MACD Line, with 12- and 26-period EMAs, to be between 0.002 and 0.006 would be a good first filter for going long. I would recommend adding a couple other indicators that you like using. Let's take a look at the other commonly used settings.
MACD Line (19, 39-Period EMAs) Analysis
Changing the defaults to use 19- and 39-period EMAs in TRAIDE:
Once I hit analyze, the distribution will load on the Dashboard:
The two longer EMAs have caused a slight skew left. Let's apply the same logic that we did in with the 12- and 26-period EMAs to do our analysis. Let's remove the ambiguous data where the bin could be positive or negative. This takes out the bin -0.0021 to 0.0021. Then let's select all the green bars to the right of 0.0021 and all the red bars to the left of -0.0021.
Again what we find is that our hypothesis holds to be true; when the MACD Line is positive (above 0.0021), the following day had a 53% chance of closing higher than the previous day's close. When the MACD Line is negative, the EUR/USD had a 52% chance of closing lower than the previous day's close.
Looking at the histogram, there appears to be a very similar pattern to our 12- and 26-period settings so let's take a look and see if we can refine the MACD Line values.
Finding the Best Values for Long or Short (MACD Line (19, 39))
If we click just the bars on either side of the -0.0021 to 0.0021 bin, we can see that 53% of the time, the following day closed lower than the previous day's close when the MACD Line was negative (below -0.0021) while 54% of the time the next day's close was higher than the previous day's close when the MACD Line is positive (above 0.0021).
We found similar results, but the 12- and 26-period EMAs found a stronger pattern for going long, while the 19- and 39-period EMAs led to a slightly strong pattern for going short. Now let's take a look at our final MACD Line settings; the 10 and 20-period EMAs.
MACD Line (10, 20-Period EMAs) Analysis
We find something very similar when we use 10 and 20-period EMAs. 54% of the time, when the MACD Line is positive (above 0.0017) the following day closed above the previous day's close. 52% of the time, when the MACD Line is negative (below -0.0017) the following day closed below the previous day's close. Our sample size is 630.
Applying the same process as the other two MACD Line parameters, we will see if the values that are just positive and just negative lead to a stronger historical pattern.
Finding the Best Values for Long or Short (MACD Line (10, 20))
It appears so! Once again, selecting the bin to go short where the MACD Line is less than -0.0017 but greater than -0.0051 gave us 177 days where the following day closed lower than the previous day's close 57% of the time. Selecting the bin to go long, where the MACD Line is greater than 0.0017 but less than 0.0051 gave us 194 days where the following day closed high than the previous day's close. 54% of the time.
Summary
The MACD Line, using commonly used settings, is a reliable feature of the MACD indicator for determining whether or not it is favorable to go long or short on the EUR/USD using 1-day bars. I would suggest combining this feature with other indicators, using the MACD Line as a filter, or using it to confirm your trading decision. If you are applying this to other currency pairs or timeframes, make sure you study the MACD Line over those charts. Difference pairs and timeframes are going to behave in their own way.
A table of our results with the percent correct with each of the indicator settings:
EMA: 12,26 EMA: 19,39 EMA: 10,20 MACD Line Positive 54% Bullish 53% Bullish 54% Bullish MACD Line Negative 52% Bearish 52% Bearish 52% Bearish
We can also conclude that the different period settings that we tested do not have a significant impact on whether or not the MACD Line can be used to determine whether or not the market is favorable or unfavorable for going long or short. What did have a significant impact was removing the tail ends of our histograms. Instead, when the MACD Line was just positive or just negative, our accuracy went of significantly for both long and short.
For all three indicator settings, it was better when we refined our parameters by selecting the bins where the MACD Line was just positive or just negative:
A table of our results with the percent correct with each of the indicator settings:
EMA: 12,26 EMA: 19,39 EMA: 10,20 MACD Line Positive 58% Bullish 54% Bullish 57% Bullish MACD Line Negative 52% Bearish 53% Bearish 54% Bearish
It appears that the shorter EMAs, 10 and 20-period, returned the highest accuracy.
This high-level analysis on the empirical data of the EUR/USD using 1-day bars provides a good starting point for incorporating the MACD into your trading. The MACD Line is a reliable feature of the MACD indicator where we can find clear historical patterns.
You can generate these histograms in TRAIDE for any major currency on 1-hour, 4-hour, 6-hour, or 1-day bars since January 1st, 2012.
Following prolonged negotiations, TNT has renewed Rizzoli & Isles.
The cop drama starring Angie Harmon and Sasha Alexander based on the novels by Tess Gerritsen will return for a sixth season, The Hollywood Reporter has learned. The run will consist of 18 episodes — the show's largest single-season order to date.
The series, which tapped Jan Nash to take over for creator and showrunner Janet Tamaro in season five, will return in early 2015 for its three remaining episodes of the season. Nash will return as showrunner in season six, which will again return in the summer.
Thus far, season five is averaging 7.6 million total viewers when factoring in seven days of DVR viewing, ranking Rizzoli & Isles as the second-most-watched show in TNT history behind The Closer. The drama is one of basic cable's top five series every year among total viewers and was the top show on basic cable this past summer.
See more Faces of Fall 2014
The renewal delay for the series, which begins airing in syndication in fall 2015, came after TNT and TBS programming president Michael Wright exited the Turner-owned networks. Sources tell THR that Wright was in the midst of renegotiating a new licensing deal with producers Warner Horizon Television for a two-season renewal that also included salary bumps for leads Harmon and Alexander, who are said to have negotiated together.
That changed, sources said, during negotiations after former Fox topper Kevin Reilly took over for Wright. Sources said the renewal also came after the USA Network expressed interest in picking up the series if a deal could not be reached with TNT. TNT denied that there was any sort of stalemate or that the show could have landed elsewhere.
Meanwhile, Reilly is said to be looking for edgier fare as Turner continues to clean house at both TNT and TBS, canceling dramas Franklin and Bash, Dallas, Perception and comedy Sullivan and Son.
Rizzoli joins a roster of new and returning dramas at TNT that includes Falling Skies, The Last Ship, Major Crimes, Legends, Murder in the First, The Librarians, Public Morals, Proof, Agent X and Transporter: The Series.
On the pilot side, TNT also has DC Comics take Titans, Jerry Bruckheimer/Michael Bay's drug trade drama, Lumen and supernatural crime entry Breed.
Rizzoli is also executive produced by Bill Haber's Ostar Productions.
Email: Lesley.Goldberg@THR.com
Twitter: @Snoodit
Federal Court awards Indigenous group right to trade over NT town of Borroloola
Posted
The Federal Court has handed down a determination giving Indigenous people the right to trade over the township of Borroloola in a first for the Northern Territory.
Key points: NT Government and Commonwealth fought first right to trade decision
Claim group successfully argued historic trade with the Indonesian Macassans
Indigenous clans can now claim compensation for extinguishment of their rights where there are businesses and government facilities
The Northern Land Council successfully argued on behalf of the Rrumburriya Borroloola claim group, against opposition from the Northern Territory and Commonwealth Governments that Indigenous people living in the area had historically practiced commerce with Macassan traders from Indonesia.
The determination, handed down by Justice John Mansfield at a ceremony in the Gulf of Carpentaria mining service and tourism town, gives the Rrumburriya group exclusive native title rights and the right to trade over the majority of 2797 acres within the township boundary of Borroloola, on land where there is not already businesses and government infrastructure.
The successful claimants have gained non-exclusive native title, and right to trade, rights over the parts of Borroloola where there is already infrastructure.
The Rrumburriya group now have the right to negotiate compensation for the extinguishment of their rights over that land, roads, the police station and part of the air strip.
The Northern Land Council chief executive Joe Morrison praised Indigenous clan leaders assembled at the ceremony for carrying on their fight to regain their rights.
"This is a first in the Northern Territory. I congratulate you for having kept your culture against the odds," he said.
"I say against the odds, because the invasion of your lands by white settlers was the start of a long attack against your culture.
"Worse, the invasions brought horrific bloodshed and caused the deaths of many of your ancestors."
Rrumburriya group awarded same property rights as residents, business owners
The determination gives the Rrumburriya claim group the same property rights as residents and business owners, who own their land in a city like Darwin.
But, unlike rights given by the Northern Territory land rights act, the indigenous group does not have a total veto over mining projects such as fracking.
The right to trade gives the claimant group the right to use the land they have gained exclusive rights to for any commercial purpose, and the right to take and use natural resources for any purpose including commercial trade.
The natural resources in the Borroloola township area include timber such as ironwood, bloodwood and pine, ochres used in painting, and bush tucker and medicinal plants, which include a native sandalwood and white plum.
The resources also include fish, turtles and water from the McArthur river where it passes Borroloola, and the rocky creek.
Trading commenced before Australia's sovereignty: judge
The Northern Territory and Commonwealth Governments had argued against the right to trade, telling the Federal Court that resources were only taken and traded by Aboriginal people for substance living and their personal and communal use.
But Justice Mansfield rejected their argument.
"I accept that the trepang industry had commenced in the Sir Edward Pellew group of islands [off Borroloola] at least several years prior to sovereignty," he said.
"In my view it is also appropriate to accept that the provision of goods by the Macassan to Aboriginal people was not random, and that it was in return for access to their land and waters and the resources.
"The Macassans needed access to land to cook and cure the trepang taken. Processing the trepang involved the Macassans having to obtain access to stone and a supply of firewood."
Other native title determinations over towns in the Northern Territory include those in Alice springs and Timber Creek.
In Western Australia, the native title determination in favour of the Noongar people over Perth resulted in a settlement with the State Government of $1.3 billion.
Mr Morrison also paid tribute to Justice Mansfield's work on the Northern Territory's native title cases, before the judge retires at the end of this month.
"He's been a great administrator in the way he's managed the native title cases he's had to deal with in the territory," Mr Morrison said.
"He's always encouraged parties to settle rather than have a drawn out battle in the courtroom."
Well-known Borroloola singer and Yunyuwa woman Shellie Morris performed at the ceremony.
Topics: borroloola-0854
Friends & Family, as you all have guessed our dearest friend, Blake Wilkey, has gotten himself into trouble. Even though he could have choosen to not post it & avoid the hassle, as always he decided to share the fun with us all! Let's show him our gratitude, not just for the video but for being such an amazing genuine friend & kind hearted person. He inspires people on a daily bases to live life to the fullest. So now it's our turn to encourage him to keep living his life to the fullest & not get discouraged by these charges, but to live & learn see what he come sup with next.
Although we can not fight the charges, we can help him pay for it. A little goes a long way.
Deputies who were looking for an illegal marijuana grow operation in the foothills east of San Jose's Alum Rock Park on Friday morning are now looking for two men who fled when they encountered officers, authorities said. Damian Trujillo reports. (Published Friday, July 17, 2015)
Deputies who were looking for an illegal marijuana grow operation in the foothills east of San Jose's Alum Rock Park on Friday morning are now looking for two men who fled when they encountered officers, authorities said.
A third suspect, who was armed, was bitten by a K-9 and arrested, a sheriff's spokesman said.
Alum Rock Park was evacuated as an "extreme precaution," authorities said. It was reopened Saturday morning.
At least one of the suspects who remained at large was armed, according to police. Deputies said they called off the search around noon out of concern for officers' safety because some areas were out of radio range.
Authorities described the outstanding suspects as two shirtless men in their 20s.
Two semi-automatic handguns were found near the illegal grow, sheriff's Sgt. James Jensen said. Deputies are in the process of removing the marijuana from the illegal grow site by helicopter, he said.
Authorities said they found about 7,500 marijuana plants with an estimated street value of $16 million.
A Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority bus was called to transport children and counselors at a summer camp at the park, Jensen said.
The children, whose parents have been notified of the incident, were taken to Emma Prusch Farm Park at 647 S. King Road, according to city officials.
Bay City News contributed to this report.
Scientists have developed a new material that could give future robots shape-shifting capabilities akin to the T-1000 robot in Terminator 2: Put that in your cigar and chew on it for a while, Arnold Schwarzenegger.
The 3D-printed, phase-changing material is actually a combination of polyurethane foam and wax. The developers — Massachusetts Institute of Technology Professor Anette Hosoi, her former graduate student Nadia Cheng, researchers at the Max Planck Institute for Dynamics and Self-Organization and Stony Brook University — figured out how to saturate the foam in wax and then heat and cool specific parts to transform them from rigid to soft and pliable and then back to rigid and hard again.
The applications are fairly obvious. A robot made of such material could soften up when it needs to move into a small space, but then regain its original shape and rigidity when it needs to, say move or lift an object.
For their research, Hosoi and Cheng were trying to build a snake-like robot that could squeeze through a one-centimeter hole, emerge on the other side and still be able to move around. MIT researchers liken this capability to the way mice can squeeze though pencil-sized holes, but still come out looking and functioning like mice on the other side.
Soft robotics is nothing new, but the ability to — through electric current that generates heat — shift between two states, especially at such a low cost, is new. And the combination of foam and wax is unusual. Cheng did tell us that Harvard's Whitesides Research Group is working on wax-infused fabric that could also lead to self-healing robots.
When Mashable asked Cheng, who now works on squishy robots for Empire Robotics, why the team used foam and wax, she said there really wasn't a "eureka" moment.
"We wanted to produce something that would produce significant volume change, but something that could still be useful, support payloads and enforce payloads on the environment," Cheng said. The solution could not be something that's "completely squishy and floppy."
Foam can change volume in three dimensions; it's widely available, and anyone can play with it. It has the added benefit of not conducting heat too widely. So, even as the team used copper wire coiled around the wax-infused foam to heat the robot, the heat would stay contained to one small area and dissipate as soon as the current was turned off.
Two 3D-printed soft, flexible scaffolds: the one on the left is maintained in a rigid, bent position via a cooled, rigid wax coating, while the one on the right is uncoated and remains compliant (here, it collapses under a wrench). Image: MIT
The selection of wax came only after the rejection of the more Terminator 2-like solder. It too can change form based on heat — from hard solid to liquid and back again — and even offers higher stiffness and rigidity than wax. Unfortunately, foam really can't absorb it in the same way.
With the materials settled, Hosoi and Cheng went to the craft shop for foam and Batik wax. However, they soon found that 3D printing the polyurethane foam gave them far greater control over the foam's struts and pores, which makes the entire structure more tunable.
That tuning happens through heating specific portions of the wax-infused foam. A larger robot built of such material might have just a forearm heated and softened so it could squeeze it into small area. The hand, perhaps made of the same material, would also soften for the trip, but stiffen (by cooling to room temperature) so it can grab something in the open space.
For now, though, the largest shape-shifting robot the team produced was only a few centimeters in size. Not to mention there are other hurdles to clear: The wax still takes a few seconds to heat and cool and, Cheng told us, they could not figure out how to contain the wax within the robot.
Guess Mr. Schwarzenegger is safe, for now.
Huddersfield's Scott Grix on his way to score his second try against Wakefield in Super League
The Rugby Football League is working with Australia's National Rugby League on a review of the interchange rules aimed at making the sport safer and more exciting.
A panel of health experts and academics have been commissioned to consider the number of interchanges and the composition of the substitutes bench using statistical data gathered in both Super League and the NRL over the last decade.
The number of replacements was lowered from 12 to 10 in 2008 and could now be cut further in an attempt to reduce the number of potentially dangerous collisions on the field.
The RFL's chief operating Officer Ralph Rimmer said: "Rugby league is a sport that has continually evolved throughout its 120-year history, both on and off the pitch, and its rules have always reflected the way in which the game is played.
"Modern rugby league players are outstanding physical athletes who are stronger, fitter and faster than ever before. Consequently, we believe that collisions are more powerful, which impacts on the health and welfare of our players.
"Both the RFL and the NRL recognise our responsibilities to not just deliver a fantastic, free-flowing spectacle but to protect the well-being of our players in an era when the use of the interchange bench means matches are more structured than ever before.
"We recognise that changes to the interchange rules could reduce the risk of injury by putting more emphasis on skill rather than power and size and that may become more clear from the findings of the joint review."
The review will take place over the next two months during which time there will be consultation with coaches, club representatives, players' associations, fans and the two governing bodies, with any changes to be brought in ahead of the 2016 season.
Twenty years ago one of the world's the greatest comedians passed away. His name was William Melvin Hicks, Bill Hicks.
I discovered him after reading John Lahr's profile in The New Yorker, “The Goat Boy Rises”. It recounts the story of how Hicks was cut after taping his 12th appearance on The David Letterman show in October of 1993. He had 11 appearances on NBC, this was to be his first since Letterman had moved to CBS.
In the article, Hicks tells Lahr some of the jokes he did for the taping (that had been approved by the producers and network sensors). As I read them, I was awestruck at how brilliant the jokes were and how he seemed to hit every atom of humor I had in my body. The jokes were unlike anything I had ever heard (or read, as it would take another three years to find a Hicks CD).
I've been traveling a lot lately. I was over in Australia during Easter. It was interesting to note they celebrate Easter the same way we do—commemorating the death and resurrection of Jesus by telling our children a giant bunny rabbit . . . left chocolate eggs in the night.
Gee, I wonder why we're so messed up as a race. You know, I've read the Bible. Can't find the words “bunny” or “chocolate” in the whole book.
It was as near a religious experience as I can fathom.
For whatever reason, a decision was made in between the taping and the actual broadcast to cut the routine out. Unknown to everyone at the time, Bill Hicks had inoperable pancreatic cancer. He was dying. Only his family and a few select friends new about his condition but make no mistake, he knew that was going to be his last television appearance.
He died three months later, February 26, 1994.
Finishing the Lahr article, I quickly became a Bil Hicks disciple and made it my mission to seek out and absorb everything I possibly could. As my awakening predated the Internet revolution, my task was daunting, to say the least.
Eventually, I found a Hicks CD, Rant in E Minor, in Knoxville, TN. To finally be able to listen to a fully realized Bill Hicks album was like finding a 20 dollar bill in your pocket when you're broke.
Between the record store and my friend's place I suddenly got nervous. My only real reference point was the Lahr article. I didn't know anything else by him. What if the album sucked? What if he wasn't funny? What if I had been wrong?
I wasn't wrong. It was hysterical. It still is.
Here in the U.S. Bill Hicks was always a comedians comedian, and was never able to translate his tremendous talent to real success here. I'm not going to be that guy who says he was ahead of his time, because I honestly don't know. I think a statement like that is simply too puerile.
I will say I don't think the United States was ready for him. We're probably still not.
Conversely, in the UK, he had a large and rabid following. He would sell out multiple dates in theaters and even had a talk show in development, Counts of the Netherworld, during his last year. Inexplicably, he just couldn't break through to Americans.
Over the past 20 years, the gospel according to Bill Hicks has spread and his disciples have grown. But with that comes the inevitable backlash. Hicks fans have been called comedy snobs and elitists, telling us to get over it, he wasn't that great…shit like that. I find most Hicks fans to be protective of his legacy and the people who are behind the backlash are just cynical and jaded twats who are completely missing the message and the humor. Their loss.
His estate, managed by his family, keeps a close and measured eye on the Hicks material that gets released so there's never been a real threat of Bill Hicks getting over exposed. Thankfully.
It's hard to explain what makes Bill Hicks so significant to comedy. It wasn't just that Bill Hicks was a stand-up comedian, he was also a social satirist and philosopher without equal. It was a couple of steps beyond comedy.
Certainly, being dead helps.
His comedy was beyond prescient, if such a thing can possibly exist. Listening to Bill Hicks in the early to mid-aughts I found his jokes, while ten years old, were just as timely and relevant not only because they were good but also because it was literally the same people, Bush (albeit a different one), Rumsfeld, Cheney and Saddam Hussein.
I think it's interesting how people act on their beliefs. A lot of Christians, for instance, wear crosses around their necks. Nice sentiment, but do you think when Jesus comes back, he's really going to want to look at a cross?
Maybe that's why he hasn't shown up yet. “I'm not going, Dad. No, they're still wearing crosses—they totally missed the point. When they start wearing fishes, I might go back again. . . No, I'm not going.
Hicks was a modern Mark Twain…with dick jokes.
Like a sponge over the past 20 years, I have absorbed anything and everything I could find about the man. Going so far in the late 90's to purchase videos from the UK and have them converted so I could actually see him perform. Fortunately today, for the uninitiated and interested, there are books, CD's, YouTube, even a full-fledged Bill Hicks documentary!
As a dead comedian comedian, it's pretty easy to lift or tweak material. And I'm sure that has happened to every comedian, alive or dead, but if someone rips something off, virtually verbatim, there is nothing wrong with calling them out on it (Bill Maher).
There has also been a lot of discussion over the years about whether Denis Leary lifted Hicks material. An argument could be made for some similar jokes about subject matter, but I would never say it was verbatim. Besides, at this point, the subject is moot. Leary has proven to be a gifted producer, writer and actor and that counts for something.
Whether Bill Hicks is a comedic deity or just a tragic hero is a question for which there is no answer. Of this we can be certain, in the comedy Pantheon, Bill Hicks stands with Lenny Bruce and Richard Pryor as one of the most influential comedians in the last 50 years.
I could include a bunch of links to a treasure trove of Bill Hicks material that is available online but I'm gonna be a shitty disciple and not do that. If you're interested, seek it out. You can lead a horse to water, but you can't make him drink. Besides, it will resonate more if you find it on your own. I promise.
If you clear your mind and open your heart, you'll discover some of the most insightful commentary from one of the sharpest minds of the 20th century.
Even as I listen to him today, in between the laughter, my heart sinks a little because he's gone. However, knowing he existed and that there is a record of that for all eternity is enough to make me feel marginally better.
On February 26, 1994 we may have lost Bill Hicks voice, but he'll never be silenced.
“I left in love, in laughter, and in truth, and wherever truth, love and laughter abide , I am there in spirit.”
– Bill Hicks
15 years after he was cut out of that Letterman show in October of 1993, David Letterman invited Bill Hicks mother, Mary Hicks, on to apologize and air the unedited Bill Hicks routine. Whatever Letterman's reasons for having her on, he took responsibility, and a scolding from Mrs. Hicks. For fans, it was a nice conclusion to actually be able to see it.
_____________________________________
SIGN UP TO RECEIVE BLOG POSTS
A couple of weeks ago I bought my first film camera on a whim in an eBay auction. The story of my progression with photography is not unlike many newer photographers' in that I'd only ever shot a digital camera. I'm not sure exactly what prompted my purchase (probably an image I saw on /r/itookapicture), but I'd always felt regret in that I didn't take photography in high school, where I could have learned to shoot and develop film. When I learned that Canon made film cameras with the EOS mount, meaning I could use all of my lenses on one, it was pretty easy to narrow down the selection. Note: all of the photographs in this post were taken with the Sigma 35mm f1.4 Art, with the exception of the one below, which was taken with the 6D and 85mm f1.8.
The Elan 7e debuted in 2000 for $800. I picked one up 16 years later for $45 in like-new condition. I'm calling that a steal. The Elan 7e has auto-focus, aperture/shutter priority and many of the other modern features you'd find on any new DSLR, other than an LCD. This made for a relatively seamless adjustment in shooting-familiarity. It's a modern trend to emulate the look of classic films [read: Instagram]. I emulate the look of Kodak Ektar 100 in nearly all my portrait photography having never actually shot a roll of Ektar 100. My other favorite films that I've never actually used include Agfa Vista 100, Kodak Gold 200, Kodak Portra 400 and Fujifilm Velvia 50. My knowledge of film-emulations made the shopping experience a lot easier. I picked up a 4-pack of Fujifilm Superia 400 (because it is cheap — $10.40) and started shooting.
If you're doing the math, we're about $55 invested. Shooting film becomes expensive as things develop (see what I did there?). It doesn't have to be, however. You can develop B&W and C-41 color film at home pretty affordably, but I'm not at that point yet. Remember 1-hour photo development? Yeah, that doesn't exist anymore. I paid $16 and it took eight days. Eight days…for 24 exposures. I could shorten the turnaround time to 3-4 days by shipping out my rolls to online-based film labs for web-upload. I figure on a 24-exposure roll of film, it costs me about $1.10 per exposure.
The truth is, there is nothing* that a film camera can do that a modern full frame DSLR can't. With film emulators like VSCO, you could emulate Superia 400 to near perfection. There is still something special about shooting film, however. There is something magical that happens in the moment after you click the shutter and know that magic just happened — at least that's how I feel about it. *It forces you to slow down. With modern technology, you could shoot a portrait session at 14 frames per second if you wanted to. You can take several shots of a landscape before you get the exposure just right. You can delete a frame when it doesn't come out exactly the way you want. When you're shooting film, “you've only got one shot, or one opportunity to seize everything you ever wanted.” – Eminem 2002
Sorry about the Eminem reference. My hope is that shooting film will make me a better photographer and to be honest — I feel it already has. Earlier this week I went out in downtown Glens Falls with my Canon 6D + 17-40mm f4L and took this photo in exactly one total exposure. I can't remember the last time I went out and took one photo. Granted, my battery was about to die, but the practice of slowing down is present.
In fact, if I'm counting, I would call 20/24 of my exposures a keeper. As in, the focus is sharp, the exposure is right and the subject or content is interesting. That is an exceptionally high keeper-rate for me. Especially if you consider the older auto-focus technology and my obsession with wide apertures. On digital, my keeper rate is much lower.
I won't be using my Elan 7e for any professional work, but for personal use and for the therapeutic process. If you'd like to see more of my photography, be sure to follow me on Instagram and Facebook. Also, if you'd like to see some more modern day film photography, I recommend checking out /r/analog.
Thanks for reading,
Jason
Maher al-Assad, Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's brother, is being accused of involvement in Syria's recent chemical weapons attack, the Guardian reported on Saturday.
Not seen for a year, Maher has remained in the shadows commanding Syria's most formidable military division, while his brother has been in the public eye.
According to the Guardian, the question on the lips of many Syrians is to what extent has Maher played a role in the most recent atrocity witnessed in Syria.
The 4th Armored Division that Maher commands has been a chief protagonist on behalf of the regime. He has allegedly acted as division commander since 2000, and at the same time leads Syria's other premier fighting force, the Republican Guards.
The unit was active last week as loyalist forces launched their biggest operation yet to root out rebel groups from the capital.
The 4th division has remained relatively unaffected by desertions and defections that plagued other divisions in the first 18 months of the war.
Maher's last public appearance was several weeks before an explosion in a meeting room in central Damascus killed security chief, and the Assads' brother-in-law, Assef Shawkat.
Last Update: Sunday, 25 August 2013 KSA 15:18 - GMT 12:18
The woman who claimed to be “best buddies” with Rob Ford in rehab prior to her getting arrested at the wheel of the Toronto mayor's luxury SUV says Ford was still in contact with an alleged drug dealer while in rehab.
LeeAnne McRobb, told the Toronto Sun, that Sandro Lisi, the mayor's friend who is awaiting trial on drug charges, gave her directions so she could pick up Ford's Escalade in early May. She was arrested and charged with impaired driving in May and her lawyer said she plans to plead not guilty.
McRobb said she met with Councillor Doug Ford, the mayor's brother and campaign manager, and the two brothers fought over her friendship with the mayor.
“When Rob and I were becoming friends, it was really odd. Doug and Rob didn't talk for a bit. It was all because of me because Doug [answering] this anonymous call that I was after Rob's wallet. Rob said, ‘Go f–k yourself' and he didn't talk to him for three weeks,” she said.
Mayor Ford refused to answer any questions about the rehab allegations again Thursday. On Wednesday, Mayor Ford also refused to comment on a Toronto Star story that said he was abusive and disruptive in rehab and was kicked out of group therapy.
“I can't talk about anything in rehab,” he said.
Councillor Ford called McRobb a liar, although he qualified that he was trusting his brother's word on certain aspects of her story.
“Doug Ford says she's a liar,” Councillor Ford told reporters Thursday. “Never met her and outside of what you guys say or report, she's lying.
“I don't know Lisi, I've never met the guy and I wouldn't know this LeeAnne girl if she walked right in front of me right now. I'm saying she's lying, unequivocally, 100%.”
Councillor Ford said he trusts his brother when he says he has ended his relationship with Lisi, who in addition to drug charges is faced with an extortion charge for an alleged attempt to get the original crack video back.
“He doesn't talk to Lisi…He's ended relationships with Lisi. That's what he said. That's what he told me,” he said.
Mayor Ford has yet to fully explain his relationship with McRobb, although he did admit in a television interview that he gave her his keys.
McRobb, 36, claims that she has spoken with the mayor since she was discharged from GreeneStone Muskoka rehab facility on May 15 and that they are just friends.
“People say I was sexual with the mayor and others there, but it is not even remotely close to the truth. Hell no. Rob and I were close buds and that is it. Nothing more,” she told the Sun.
With files from Richard Warnica, National Post
To escape the drab monotony of every day life, alcohol and other drugs are apparently just as enticing to animals as they are to humans. A number of animals regularly go for a big slug of hard liquor or hard drugs such as opiates. "Some animals are potheads, others boozers," says biologist Mario Ludwig.
The scientist has made it his specialty to look at the quirkier and lesser known phenomena from the animal kingdom and to give them a popular science treatment. He has published 20 books on these quirky matters.
Reindeer love eating fly agarics and as they contain hallucinogens, the animals end up swaying by the time they've finished their meal. In Tasmania drugs are big among some animals, too. Kangaroos regularly invade opium poppy fields, eat the flowers' seed pots, get high on the morphine they contain, and then madly run around in circles, says Ludwig.
Young guys having a joint
But nothing beats the bottle nosed dolphins. "They use another animal as a recreational drug – pufferfish,"Ludwig says. When stressed the fish excrete tetradoxin, a potent neurotoxin. The dolphins have been filmed harassing a puffer fish and passing it around much like a joint. "But for some reason only young male dolphins seemed to be involved," Ludwig adds.
Booze problem
For British hedgehogs raiding beer traps in flower beds is their idea of going to the local pub.
Alcohol consumption in the form of fermented berries and fruit have been observed in many animals. But hedgehogs in the UK have a significant alcohol problem, the scientist remarks. The reason is that many of the island's hobby gardeners have put up beer traps to protect their flowers and vegetables from slugs. Slugs happen to be the hedgehog's favorite food, and so they raid the cups containing the slug'n'beer-mix. The hedgehogs end up so drunk that they fall asleep in garden hedges where they are relatively unprotected.
Finally, the Guenons on St. Kitts in the Caribbean are even less reserved about getting what they want. "They drink up the tourists' cocktails and then pass out right on the beach."
Past performance is supposed to predict future results. In politics, this should mean that winning over constituents in your home state makes you an immediate national figure, the kind of person who's talked about as a potential president, and whose every appearance outside the borders of one's home state sets tongues wagging.
This was supposed to be Chris Christie's calling card. The New Jersey governor boasted a 74 percent approval rating in his strongly Democratic state only a year ago. His supporters said once the rest of the nation came to know Christie like Jersey did, he would see similar numbers everywhere.
They could point to past performance for proof: George W. Bush boasted of a 76 percent approval rating two years before he began running for president. And the previous two governors to win their party's nominations—Bill Clinton and Michael Dukakis—similarly boasted high approvals back home.
And so we can hardly wait for the 2016 presidential contest between Indiana's Mike Pence and Arkansas' Mike Beebe.
Why? Because the Indiana Republican boasts a 63 percent approval rating, higher than any of his fellow Republican governors, according to a polling average analysis by The Daily Beast. And the Arkansas Democrat, despite presiding over a state that is trending Republican, gets the nod of approval from 66 percent of Arkansas voters, the highest among any of his fellow Democrats. Meanwhile, Montana Democratic Governor Steve Bullock sports the lowest disapproval rating of any state executive, with a mere 14 percent of voters in his state voicing displeasure with his tenure. The Republican with the lowest disapproval rating is Nathan Deal of Georgia, with an average of only 24 percent, a figure that is likely to rise after he botched the clean-up from a recent snowstorm.
None of the four, however, are mentioned in any conversations about becoming the next president of the United States, and aren't even considered likely to run. If anyone, Pence's name may get tossed around, but only if it's quickly followed by the phrase “dark horse.”
Indeed, one would have to toggle a third of the way down our list of the 36 most popular governors (recent polling data didn't include 14 governors) in order to find the first governor getting ready for 2016, and that would be Rick Perry of Texas, who after forgetting about the existence of the Department of Energy when he ran for president in 2012, is something of a dark horse himself this time around.
Still, Governor Oops boasts a 55 percent approval average, with just 33 percent disapproval, putting him 22 points in the black.
That puts Perry over other supposed '16 hopefuls like New York Democrat Andrew Cuomo (58.5% approve/37 percent disapprove), Ohio Republican John Kasich (51.5/34.5), Maryland Democrat Martin O'Malley (55/39) and Colorado Democrat John Hickenlooper (50/42.5.)
Those four, however, are considered to be on the fence—at best—about a '16 bid. ‘O'Malley and Hickenlooper would likely step aside if Hillary Clinton runs, as expected, and Cuomo certainly would too, rather than challenge a beloved figure in his home state. Despite his decent overall number, Kasich is considered too low-wattage to be a serious contender for the crown, especially when there are other, more high profile contenders vying for it.
But that's the thing about maintaining a high profile, and keeping yourself in the national conversation: It has a tendency not to wear well on the home front. Take Scott Walker, the Wisconsin Republican who is considered a top tier presidential contender after besting the Badger State's public sector unions in a 2011 showdown. He has just a six percent net approval rating.
In New Jersey meanwhile, just four percent more voters approve of the job Chris Christie is doing than disapprove, a number that could sink further as he tries to slough off his GW Bridgegate scandal.
But there is no better argument for tending to your present job than Bobby Jindal. The Republican Governor of Louisiana was heralded as the new face of the party practically since he was first elected in 2007. He flirted with running for president in 2012, and is making all the moves for 2016.
All the moves, that is, except managing his state properly—at least according to Bayou voters. Jindal has a 35/53 approval/disapproval number, putting him 18 points underwater, a figure only better than Illinois' Pat Quinn and Rhode Island's Lincoln Chafee, who are not seeking re-election.
Back home, Jindal has faced widespread backlash in his own party from lawmakers who either don't like his tax plans or his education initiatives. According to another recent poll, a majority of Louisiana voters do not want Jindal to seek the presidency in 2016, and he trails former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee in early polls.
Should Jindal run, and win the nomination, he could be the first nominee for either party to lose his home state in the primary.
Jindal meanwhile found himself in more hot water on Monday. He was at the National Governor's Association annual meeting in Washington, rubbing shoulders with his fellow chief executives and his fellow '16 hopefuls, and he broke from the usual bi-partisan script by accusing President Barack Obama of waving “the white flag of surrender” on job growth. One of his fellow governors, Dan Malloy of Connecticut, who, it should be noted has an even 47/47 record, and is not on anyone's short list for president, took to the microphone and called it “the most insane statement I have ever heard.
With Brandy Zadrozny reporting
(Last Updated On: January 8, 2019)
Introduction
In my previous post I talked about various database identifier strategies, you need to be aware of when designing the database model. We concluded that database sequences are very convenient because they are both flexible and efficient for most use cases.
But even with cached sequences, the application requires a database round-trip for every new the sequence value. If your applications demand a high number of insert operations per transaction, the sequence allocation may be optimized with a hi/lo algorithm.
The hi/lo algorithm
The hi/lo algorithms split the sequences domain into “hi” groups. A “hi” value is assigned synchronously. Every “hi” group is given a maximum number of “lo” entries, that can by assigned off-line without worrying about concurrent duplicate entries.
The “hi” token is assigned by the database, and two concurrent calls are guaranteed to see unique consecutive values Once a “hi” token is retrieved we only need the “incrementSize” (the number of “lo” entries) The identifiers range is given by the following formula: and the “lo” value will be taken from: starting from When all “lo” values are used, a new “hi” value is fetched and the cycle continues
Here you can have an example of two concurrent transactions, each one inserting multiple entities:
Testing the theory
If we have the following entity:
@Entity public class Hilo { @GeneratedValue(strategy = GenerationType.SEQUENCE, generator = "hilo_sequence_generator") @GenericGenerator( name = "hilo_sequence_generator", strategy = "org.hibernate.id.enhanced.SequenceStyleGenerator", parameters = { @Parameter(name = "sequence_name", value = "hilo_seqeunce"), @Parameter(name = "initial_value", value = "1"), @Parameter(name = "increment_size", value = "3"), @Parameter(name = "optimizer", value = "hilo") }) @Id private Long id; }
We can check how many database sequence round-trips are issued when inserting multiple entities:
@Test public void testHiloIdentifierGenerator() { doInTransaction(new TransactionCallable<Void>() { @Override public Void execute(Session session) { for(int i = 0; i < 8; i++) { Hilo hilo = new Hilo(); session.persist(hilo); session.flush(); } return null; } }); }
Which end-ups generating the following SQL queries:
Query:{[call next value for hilo_seqeunce][]} Query:{[insert into Hilo (id) values (?)][1]} Query:{[insert into Hilo (id) values (?)][2]} Query:{[insert into Hilo (id) values (?)][3]} Query:{[call next value for hilo_seqeunce][]} Query:{[insert into Hilo (id) values (?)][4]} Query:{[insert into Hilo (id) values (?)][5]} Query:{[insert into Hilo (id) values (?)][6]} Query:{[call next value for hilo_seqeunce][]} Query:{[insert into Hilo (id) values (?)][7]} Query:{[insert into Hilo (id) values (?)][8]}
If you enjoyed this article, I bet you are going to love my Book and Video Courses as well.
As you can see we have only 3 sequence calls for 8 inserted entities. The more entity inserts a transaction will we require the better the performance gain we'll obtain from reducing the database sequence round-trips.
Download free ebook sample
Share this: Tweet
Let photographer Robert Sijka introduce you to Maine Coons - domesticated big cat breed that sure will leave you in awe. These fluffy cats are basically the closest thing to a lynx that you can share your home with, without worrying too much about your well-being.
Sijka always saw Maine Coon cats as majestic, almost mythical, not overly cute cats and now he came up with a way to share that image with the rest of us: "My passions are cats and photography, I do my best to combine these two things as good as possible," the photographer shares on his website. And he managed to combine those passions perfectly in his royal-like Maine Coon cat photo series.
He got the inspiration from a "photo of Dolce Vita and De La Loo - two of the most majestic black Maine Coon kittens photographed beautifully on a simple black background," Robert told Cat Behaviourist. And ever since that moment, he was creating these mesmerizing portraits himself.
More info: Facebook | Instagram
(h/t: iizcat)
Donald Trump claimed on Tuesday that the harassment accusations against him were a Democratic conspiracy as he lashed out at a prominent female senator with what she quickly dubbed a “sexist smear”.
The sexual misconduct allegations against Donald Trump – the full list Read more
“Lightweight Senator Kirsten Gillibrand, a total flunky for Chuck Schumer and someone who would come to my office ‘begging' for campaign contributions not so long ago (and would do anything for them), is now in the ring fighting against Trump,” the president tweeted.
Gillibrand – who along with three male Democratic senators has called on Trump to resign over the numerous sexual misconduct accusations against him – responded on Twitter minutes later. “You cannot silence me or the millions of women who have gotten off the sidelines to speak out about the unfitness and shame you have brought to the Oval Office,” the New York senator wrote.
Hours later, Gillibrand told reporters on Capitol Hill that Trump's post was “a sexist smear attempting to silence my voice. It's part of the president's effort at name-calling.”
She added: “I will not be silenced on this issue. Neither will the women who stood up to the president yesterday, and neither will the millions of women who have been marching since the women's march [in January] to stand up against policies they do not agree with.”
Trump singled out Gillibrand while ignoring the male senators who have also called on him to step down: the Vermont senator Bernie Sanders, the New Jersey senator Cory Booker and the Oregon senator Jeff Merkley.
The White House press secretary, Sarah Sanders, denied there were any sexual implications behind Trump's tweet, telling reporters: “Only if your mind is in the gutter would you have read it that way.
“This is the same sentiment the president has expressed many times before when he has exposed corruption of the entire political system,” Sanders said. “This isn't a new sentiment. This isn't new terminology.
“He's not alleging anything,” she added. “There's no way that this is sexist at all.”
But the tweet drew swift condemnation from Democrats for its provocative innuendo, particularly against the backdrop of a national dialogue around sexual harassment against women.
Elizabeth Warren, a Democratic senator from Massachusetts, accused Trump of trying to “slut-shame” Gillibrand.
“Are you really trying to bully, intimidate and slut-shame @SenGillibrand?” Warren wrote on Twitter. “Do you know who you're picking a fight with? Good luck with that, @realDonaldTrump.”
Play Video 1:56 Women who accuse Trump of sexual misconduct call for Congress investigation – video
Warren later characterized Trump's tweet as “disgusting”, telling reporters on Capitol Hill: “It was clear what he was getting at. He is disgusting.”
House minority leader Nancy Pelosi also condemned Trump's attack, saying it was “disgusting and disgraceful, and of course obviously not true”.
Trump's comments came a day after three women who previously accused Trump of sexual harassment shared their stories in an interview on NBC and at a press conference in New York. While the White House has expressed a desire not to relitigate the accusations, the president's outburst placed the conversation squarely back on his treatment of women.
The women who retold their stories on Monday – Jessica Leeds, Samantha Holvey and Rachel Crooks – urged Congress to investigate Trump's behavior.
A fourth accuser, Melinda McGillivray, appeared on NBC Tuesday morning to speak about her own sexual misconduct allegation against Trump.
McGillivray, who like the other women had initially shared her story during the 2016 campaign, accused Trump of groping her in 2003 at his Mar-a-Lago hotel in West Palm Beach, Florida. McGillivray said she was 23 at the time and photographing a concert at Trump's property.
“The next thing I know, I feel a grab on my right side … to my surprise, it's Donald,” McGillivray said on Megyn Kelly Today.
“He's standing a foot and a half away from me, so he had to reach out and touch me. I stand there and I'm stunned. I don't even know what to do with myself in that moment.”
Donald Trump's accusers demand Congress investigate sexual misconduct claims Read more
At least 16 women have accused Trump of sexual assault. In many cases, the behavior they describe mirrors what Trump himself bragged about doing in a 2005 Access Hollywood tape leaked months before the November election. In the tape, Trump boasted of kissing and groping women without their consent.
Trump dismissed the claims in a tweet on Tuesday morning, suggesting – without evidence – that they were part by of a coordinated effort by Democrats to undermine his presidency.
But while Trump claimed not to know the women alleging misconduct, there was some photographic evidence to the contrary. Footage from the Apprentice shows Trump sitting across the table from Summer Zervos, a former contestant who said he groped her. Natasha Stoynoff, a former correspondent for People Magazine, was photographed with Trump at Mar-a-Lago on the same day she alleges he forcibly kissed her. Another photograph shows Trump and Jill Harth, who opened up to the Guardian last year about filing a lawsuit against him for “attempted rape” in 1997.
With the issue of sexual misconduct under a national spotlight, nearly 60 female lawmakers have formally requested a congressional investigation into Trump. In a letter, 56 female Democrats wrote to the House committee on oversight and government reform requesting an investigation. “We cannot ignore the multitude of women who have come forward with accusations against Mr Trump,” the Democratic Women's Working Group wrote.
At a press conference Tuesday, the lawmakers lamented that while other powerful men from entertainment, media and politics had been held accountable for allegations of sexual misconduct, the complaints of Trump's accusers had “fallen on deaf ears”.
“The #MeToo movement has arrived and sexual abuse will not be tolerated, whether it's by a Hollywood producer, the chef of a restaurant, a member of Congress or the president of the United States,” said Lois Frankel, a representative from Florida who is the head of the working group.
Gillibrand's office said she met with Trump once in 2010 and that his daughter, Ivanka, was also present for the meeting.
According to federal records, Trump donated $7,950 to Gillibrand's House and Senate campaigns between 2007 and 2010. Ivanka Trump separately donated $2,000 to Gillibrand in 2014.
Baltimore Police say multiple people have been shot in east Baltimore, including a young girl. The shooting happened around 8:30 p.m. Saturday night at Greenmount Avenue and East Preston Street, near Greenmount Cemetary.
Baltimore Police say 8 people have shot and taken to local hospitals. One of those shot is reported to be a father and his 3-year-old daughter.
Baltimore Police Commissioner Kevin Davis tells WJZ that “this was a planned, premeditated act of retaliatory violence.”
Police said that were three shooters, with one coming up an alley and two coming up the street, all who shot at group of people, with a father and young daughter standing some feet away.
“Two of the shooters were armed with handguns, and one of the shooters we believe was armed with a long gun of some sort, we believe was a shotgun,” said Commissioner Davis.
Six adult men, one adult woman, and the 3-year-old girl were all shot.
Police say all three suspects fled the scene on foot. No suspects have been identified at this time, but anyone with information is asked to contact authorities.
Police say they believe this shooting may be linked to another incident from over Labor Day weekend, where a man was killed and two other were wounded. Two women were charged in that case.
Also on Saturday evening, at around 6:30 p.m., police say an 8-year-old girl was shot in the foot as a result of a shooting, where a dozen shots were fired on S. Smallwood Street.
Police say all injuries are non-life threatening.
Police say they have received some anonymous tips but still need help to catch these suspects.
Anyone with information is asked to contact police, or Metro Crime Stoppers at 1-866-7-lockup
Follow @CBSBaltimore on Twitter and like WJZ-TV | CBS Baltimore on Facebook
You have to give the NHL credit. The league has been all about the big idea during the past decade. From its aggressive early adoption of social media to flashy concepts like the Winter Classic or the involvement with HBO's 24/7 series, the NHL has proved to be the most creative and flexible pro sports league in North America.
But now the NBA is thinking about doing it one better.
NBA Commissioner Adam Silver revealed recently that the league's Board of Governors is considering a mid-season tournament to add some zest to the schedule.
“As one of our general managers said at the meeting, there are very few things that you can win in the NBA,” Silver said. “I mean, when you think about European soccer, for example, they have the FA Cup and they have other tournaments throughout the season.”
The creation of a significant season prize to complement a playoff championship? Now that's bold.
At this point the NBA is strictly in the exploratory phase, asking questions via its fan forum and weighing a wide variety of blue-sky options. None of this talk means the league is going to travel down that road any time soon, if ever. But when you're trying to stake your claim to a bigger slice of an overcrowded sports marketplace, you've got to be receptive to new ideas. And the NBA has a beauty here, the best pro sports concept since the NHL decided to take its game outdoors. Maybe even better.
So, what would it look like? At this point, everything is up in the air as the NBA tries to massage the idea into a manageable concept, but these are among the possibilities the league is considering:
* It would take place in January or February.
* The format would be a single-elimination, March Madness-style tournament that could be scheduled over several weeks, or played over a short, defined period.
* The winner could earn, among other prizes, a guaranteed spot in the playoffs, a seeding reward such as home court advantage, or a bonus cash award for the team and its players.
* It could involve the entire league, the top or bottom 16 teams, or any other permutation. They're also entertaining the thought of inviting top international teams.
The NHL could use or discard any of those elements, but that last one seems like the real hook for a sport that's always loved some international intrigue. A Boston-Montreal single-elimination game would make for brilliant TV, but think of the marketing possibilities that would go along with involving the top clubs from Russia, Sweden, Finland or Germany. Imagine a match-up of Ilya Kovalchuk and SKA St. Petersburg and the New Jersey Devils. Or the Maple Leafs against William Nylander and MoDo. Or Teemu Selanne's Jokerit against the Anaheim Ducks.
That last one requires a bit more speculative elasticity than the others, but you get the idea.
Of course, they'd have to offer something more than another piece of hardware (maybe a re-purposed Victoria Cup?) to hoist in order to really grease the wheels. The NBA's playoff idea should be left on the brainstorming white board, but what about granting the winner a boost up the draft order by, say, five or 10 places? Or how about a bonus pick at the end of the first round? If all else fails to impress, just make the reward what everyone's looking for: a nice fat bonus check.
And it should be easy to write a few of those. Imagine what TSN, shut out of NHL hockey by the recent Rogers Communications deal, might ante up for premium programming like this? It not only adds must-watch flair to the dog days of the season, it puts more money into the hockey related revenue pot.
That should make it a pretty easy sell to owners and players. Sure, there'd be significant hurdles to leap. Scheduling, for instance. The regular season's already too long in the eyes of most, but as the 2014 Olympics proved, the league can be surprisingly flexible when there's a compelling marketing opportunity to accommodate.
The proposed time frame already features the All-Star Game, and while some fans/media/hockey people wouldn't mind seeing that tired showcase put to bed, it's one tough bird to kill. It serves as the league's premier opportunity to schmooze its corporate sponsors and it's a plum to franchises that are looking to energize a fan base. But maybe the weekend becomes a bit more compelling if the tournament final is held in conjunction with the All-Star Game. Or maybe the All-Star Game is left as is and the tournament climax creates another destination weekend. Think the 17,500 seat MGM-AEG arena currently under construction in Las Vegas might work as the annual home for a Final Four-style event?
There'll be the usual concerns about injuries and exhaustion, but financial interests have always trumped them in the past. And they will again. Executed properly, this could create a massive revenue influx. And not just TV money, either. Think special Victoria Cup jerseys—with ads, maybe?—and all the other ancillary marketing opportunities. Together, they might generate enough to convince the league to scratch a game or two off the regular season schedule.
Ultimately, a tournament concept would come down to whether the inconveniences are outweighed by the opportunity to grow the business. And Gary Bettman rarely whiffs on those.
"Our objective was, and always is, to make a great game even greater, to give our fans the best sports experience and entertainment possible and the best opportunities to connect with our game," Bettman said during the 2014 Stanley Cup Final. "Our plan is to continue to find innovative ways to further increase our game's growth and momentum."
You want innovative? Here it is.
Their names can be hard to pronounce, and even harder for many North American fans to distinguish between.
Adlan Amagov. Rustam Khabilov. Albert Tumenov. Khabib Nurmagomedov. Omari Ahkmedov.
To many MMA fans, they all get lumped together in one easy category: Russians.
Only that doesn't tell the whole story, and it certainly doesn't explain why the ranks of both the UFC and Bellator MMA seem to be flooded with fighters from a very specific region of late. But the fact that much of the MMA world seems content to paint them all with the same brush is nothing too surprising for Murat Keshtov, who runs the K Dojo Warrior Tribe gym in Fairfield, N.J.
“I know how it is,” Keshtov told MMAjunkie in a recent phone interview. “Me, when I came here, every time I would be working somewhere, my co-workers would call me ‘The Russian guy.' I'd say, ‘I'm not Russian!' I'd explain to them where I was from and how it was different, and they'd listen to me. Then at the end, still, I'm the Russian guy. It made no difference.”
It's the same for many of the fighters Keshtov trains, few of whom actually consider themselves Russian. Instead they are Dagestani or Chechnyan, Circassian or Ossetian. They might use Russian as the lingua franca among themselves since even small republics in the North Caucasus region, where most of these fighters come from, might make use of upward of 30 different languages. But according to Keshtov, they would never identify themselves as Russian, and are often quick to correct others who do.
Keshtov knows all about it. Although he admits he's “Americanized” now, the 40-year-old fight trainer was born in Cherkessk, the capital of the tiny Karachai-Cherkessia Republic, where he grew up with a love for wrestling. Back then, he said, many Eastern forms of martial arts such as karate or taekwondo were banned under the Soviet Union. But once “perestroika” gave way to an influx of action films, not the least of which was the work of Bruce Lee, the already-combat-sport-minded youth in his little region between the Black and Caspian Seas grew even hungrier to learn new fighting styles.
Keshtov first came to the U.S. in the mid-90s, he said, while traveling with various Russian national martial arts teams. In 1995, after a trip with the Russian judo squad, he decided to stay and open up his own martial arts gym in New Jersey. The more acquainted he got with the local fighting scene, and the more he saw of the developing sport of MMA, the more he became convinced that athletes from his home region had a real opportunity in MMA.
“I remember watching [New Jersey-based MMA promotion] Ring of Combat,” Keshtov said. “I was always thinking, ‘Man, I wish my guys were here. They would win easily.' In my head, it was always this idea to make a team coming from our state.”
But when Keshtov says “our state,” he doesn't mean Russia, a nation of 143 million people with a landmass nearly twice the size of the U.S. Instead he's thinking of the much smaller, yet in some ways much more complicated, region of the North Caucasus.
“That's predominately where most of these fighters come from, probably 90 percent,” Keshtov said. “The new wave of fighters in UFC and Bellator comes from the south part of Russia, the North Caucasus. It's kind of an autonomous state. It's like a little country within a country, but it's officially part of Russia.”
The North Caucasus is home to small republics like Dagestan, where UFC standouts like Nurmagomedov and Khabilov hail from. It's also one of the most heterogenous regions on the globe, with a multitude of different ethnic groups spread out across several small republics.
Its geographic position as a dividing line between Europe and Asia has also made it into a place that's gotten used to seeing conquerors and armies come and go over the centuries, which may have helped create a local culture where a variety of combat sports with diverse influences are the preferred pastime, according to Keshtov.
“Wrestling, judo, sambo, anything to do with combat is very popular there,” Keshtov said. “It's been that way for hundreds of years. Eventually it becomes part of your culture without you realizing. If you're a man there, especially, you have to be a fighter.”
For similar reasons, political instability in North Caucasus regions like the Chechen Republic have probably also played a role. As noted trainer Mike Winkeljohn explained recently, he wasn't sure what to make of it the first time he cornered Chechen fighter Amagov for a UFC bout. In the locker room before the fight, Amagov was so relaxed he looked nearly catatonic, Winkeljohn told MMAjunkie.
“I asked if he was always like this before a fight, if this was normal for him,” Winkeljohn said. “He said [via a translator], ‘I lived in a tent for seven years with Russians shooting at us from helicopters. In the cage, it's just a man.' That was kind of like, wow, there's some perspective.”
According to American Kickboxing Academy head coach Javier Mendez, who's become the stateside trainer for the unbeaten Nurmagomedov, one of the things that makes fighters from the region stand out is a difference in attitude.
“Hunger is the big thing,” Mendez said. “These guys are just so hungry, and super dedicated. What comes to my mind is a loyal, trained, dedicated soldier. It's just, ‘Yes, coach.' All the time. They don't tell you no.”
According to Keshtov, that attitude permeates the MMA scene back home in more ways than one, and not always with positive results.
“Here, for example, fighters are smarter (about their careers) in some ways,” Keshtov said. “They're savvy. They look at the situation and say, ‘Should I fight this guy? Does it make sense for me? He's 10-0 and I'm 1-0, so no way I'm going to fight him.' Especially you see this on the regional level. But over there, they fight anybody. You have two camps trying to negotiate a fight, and if one doesn't take it, that's an embarrassment. Everyone will look down on him, like it's shameful. You disgraced our clan, our family, because you didn't fight him.”
That can also lead to some difficulties once the fighters try to get signed with North American promotions. Some don't have spectacular records because they were overmatched early on. Others might have tons of combat sambo experience, but little in the way of officially recognized MMA bouts. That's one of the challenges Keshtov faces, he said, is convincing matchmakers like the UFC's Joe Silva that his fighters are worth taking a look at.
As if that weren't enough of an obstacle, there's also the travel visa situation, which has only gotten tougher after political upheaval in nearby Ukraine and the Crimean peninsula.
“It's really getting tougher to get those guys over here,” said AKA's Mendez, who noted that Nurmagomedov is due to begin a training camp in San Jose soon. “Especially lately, it's getting really, really tough.”
It doesn't seem to faze Keshtov or K Dojo, however. Importing fighters from the North Caucasus region remains as much a passion as it is a vision for him, and the success those fighters have had in the big leagues of MMA so far suggests he might be on to something.
“I knew this could happen,” Keshtov said. “For us, MMA was like, we have an opportunity to do this for a living? Hell yeah. That's our middle name. Now, back there, MMA has taken over. You're going to see a lot more of us.”
(Pictured: Khabib Nurmagomedov and Adlan Amagov)
FREDERICTON, N.B. – A group of Fredericton students protesting against their high school's dress code have been suspended.
Sorcha Beirne, 17, says she and others involved in last Friday's walk out were told they are being suspended for entering the school when they were told not to by the principal.
The group of Fredericton High students, called Fredericton Youth Feminists, say the dress code singles out female students and encourages the idea that sexual assault can be blamed on women.
They were protesting this issue outside their school during school hours last Friday.
READ MORE: Fredericton High students protest school's dress code
Beirne told Global News they were locked out of the school during the protest and told not to enter.
But at the end of the school day, when the doors were opened to allow the other student to leave, the group entered the school and went to the office to express their concerns over how the protest was handled.
“We are very disappointed because it is a very clear message that the school is not willing to listen to students who stand up or voice their opinion,” she said. “It's an attempt to silence students which I think is inappropriate.”
Students are suspended from school for three days and banned from extra-curricular activities for the remainder of the school year.
The superintendent of the school district, David McTimoney, said in an email it would be inappropriate for him to comment on a school's handling of individual students.
Group met with school district
McTimoney, and the school's principal, Shane Thomas, did meet with the group Monday.
“We had an hour and a half long meeting where they listened to our concerns and planned to meet again,” Beirne said. “We thought it had gone really smoothly so we were very surprised to hear about consequences as they were not mentioned at the meeting.”
The 17-year-old said there was no mention at that time that the school was going to take disciplinary action against the students.
“Hopefully we can meet with the superintendent again to express how inappropriate we think this punishment is.”
Previously, we released information that implicated Benson in a scheme to game his Kickstarter launch as well as control the comments section with false-positive comments. Upon request we've decided to release further evidence of these claims (included screen shots at the bottom).
The main reason that someone would want to inflate sales like this is to catch the eye of the media and to gain a “Staff Pick” badge. Although this isn't illegal behavior, it certainly isn't honest, and what's worse is that once again Benson has been caught lying.
When this information was originally released Benson categorically denied all such claims and said publicly on April 29th:
Some of you have come to many conclusions due to rumors, speculation, and some so-called source information. They are easy to believe in as you are quite frustrated with misleading information that was not provided by us. But I am confused as to why some of you will find it believable. For example:
.
1) Launch Party. Yep, we hosted one and friends and family came to show their support. They are all real pledges, and no refunds were made. Kickstarter already assumes you will do your own promotions to increase exposure.
Well folks, here is some additional evidence pulled from a private WhatsApp group chat proving, at very least, Benson shouldn't be trusted.
Comments
comments
2. Hongkiat. Design, technology and inspiration – if this is what you are looking for, then Hongikat.com is the right blog for you. Since 2007, it has been popular among designers, bloggers, developers, technicians and readers. This blog is a qualitative source for articles, recommended tools, tips and tricks, and tutorials. You will learn more about Photoshop, HTML/CSS, WordPress or even Facebook.
One of their most popular posts of 2015 includes 20+ Tools to Create Your Own Infographics | by Kay Tan.
3. Design Shack. Design Shack was established in 2003. This blog wants to teach you how to succeed by providing inspiring examples in all areas of design, but also in related subjects like business and freelancing. They also offer resources and accompanying articles about new techniques. This makes it easier to create your own designs.
A great 2015 post worth checking out on Design Shack is What's a Logo Grid, and Why Should You Use One? | by Carrie Cousins.
4. Fudgegraphics. Fudgegraphics was founded in April 2008 and can be described as a design inspirational blog. It is a source of freebies such as Photoshop brushes, textures and vectors. The blog provides free high quality resources within a design community.
Their most popular tutorial is: How to make retro/futuristic curves in 10 Steps | by Franz Jeitz.
5. Monster Post. More than a decade ago, MonsterPost was launched, and since then has consistently covered all topics concerning the industry through daily posts. This blog makes sure that you stay updated on news. However, we suggest you scour the reviews and check out the site's many useful tools. By taking advantage of the tutorials you can teach yourself new skills and stay on track.
The site's most shared post of 2015 was Growth Hacking – an Outlaw of Marketing or Efficient Strategy for a Start Up..? | by Helga Moreno.
6. Design Instruct. Design Instruct collects ideas of passionate contributors. At the heart of this blog is the love to share knowledge and insights about the variety of creative arts. It shows in-depth tutorials about web development; offers professional advices for web designers, and provides easy-to-read round-ups of inspiration. Designers, photographers, illustrators, painters and everyone in between are kindly invited to show them what they got!
If you're in the market for a job, 10 Free Clean and Minimal Résumé Templates to Help You get the Job might be just what you're looking for.
7. 1stWebdesigner. The team behind this blog loves the power of the digital world. So they want to share common ideas, goals and same passions with their community. In return, they benefit from shared knowledge of experts. The blog is designed in a simple and minimalistic way. It features posts on everything from CSS templates and UX trends to WordPress theme reviews and font collections.
99 Jokes Only Web Designers Will Understand was their top shared post in 2015.
8. Site Point. To every web developer with the passion for creating incredible things on the internet: this is the right page to share and collect precious experiences within a rich and engaged community. Since 1999, SitePoint has become a central hub for web professionals. It focuses on all forms of web-related fields including design, development, programming, product creation, SEO and entrepreneurship.
The blog also offers a premium membership. There you get access to thousands of video tutorials plus every book published by SitePoint.
Best post: 3 UX Mistakes That Are Killing Your Design | by Jerry Cao.
9. Treehouse. Treehouse believes in affordable education for all – especially technical education. They believe, that currently there are too many barriers, economical and physical, standing in people's way. The students visiting this blog learn at their own pace. With the help of this very useful site they can easily reach the next step in their career: getting a job – at a fraction of the cost.
Here you can gain insight on how Treehouse implements their way of education: Mindset: Developer vs. Developer by Andrew Chalkley.
10. iBrand. Launched in June 2010, iBrand became a place where ideas and inspiration are drafted out into tutorials and freebies, rounded out by the best links about brand design.
The tutorials cover brand design, graphic design and web design processes in Photoshop mockups. In the weekly column, called inspiration, iBrand shares their favorite posts, design inspirations and resources with the readers.
50 Simple Ways to Boost Your Brand by Eko S. was the most shared article this year.
11. Bittbox. Their goal is to create a positive vibe around Bittbox freebies. This blog is passionate about supporting the exchange of knowledge and experience – giving and getting back in return. Bittbox relies on user support to keep the site operational. Check it out and see if you're like many others and identify this site as a go-to resource.
Latest popular article: 8 Quick User Experience Tips to Keep Visitors Around Longer | by Zac Johnson.
12. Webdesign TUTS+. Design guru or just a rookie in this field? TUTS+ has everything you need: hands-on learning and resources to help people apply their creative skills. Besides a great wealth of web design-related articles and tutorials, they also offer hundreds of video courses on HTML, CSS, Photoshop, UI and more. They even offer a fun web design learning guide designed for kids!
Have a look at their most popular post: 10 Drawing Myths That Block Your Progress | by Monika Zagrobelna.
Movie Review Blood Simple A Movie Review Blood Simple A A Blood Simple Director Joel (and Ethan) Coen Runtime 96 minutes Rating R Cast John Getz, Frances McDormand, Dan Hedaya, M. Emmet Walsh Availability Select theaters July 1; Criterion Blu-ray September 20
Every 16 years (at least so far), the Coen brothers' 1984 debut, Blood Simple, gets a theatrical re-release. Back in 2000, the marketing hook was a so-called “director's cut,” though Joel and Ethan had encountered no interference regarding the original release; they were just a bit embarrassed, in retrospect, by what they perceived as their amateurish touch in certain spots, and re-edited the film in order to obscure or remove those alleged infelicities. Whether artists should ever “improve” work they presented as complete many years earlier is a contentious subject—see, for example, The People Vs. George Lucas—but the Coens have clearly decided to stick with their revised cut, as that's what's rolling back into theaters this week, showcasing a new 4K restoration. (It'll also be the sole version included in a forthcoming Criterion Blu-ray edition.) While purists may grumble—and astute readers may detect a grumbling subtext to this very paragraph—any excuse to see the Coens' magnificently moody neo-noir on the big screen is welcome.
Advertisement
As is often the case in film noir, neo- or otherwise, infidelity sets the plot in motion. Weary of Marty (Dan Hedaya), her abusive husband, Abby (Frances McDormand, in her screen debut) has been carrying on an affair with Ray (John Getz), one of the bartenders at a tavern Marty owns. Unbeknownst to Abby and Ray, however, Marty suspects their relationship, and hires a private detective, Loren Visser (M. Emmet Walsh), to confirm it. Visser subsequently agrees to kill the cheating lovers, and provides photographic evidence that the deed is done. Unbeknownst to Marty, however, the photos Visser shows him have been carefully doctored, and Abby and Ray are still very much alive. Several more permutations of “unbeknownst to X, however” then follow, as all four of the characters confidently make decisions based on false information and/or mistaken assumptions. Most thrillers keep viewers in the dark about certain details for a while, in order to create mystery or suspense. Blood Simple, by contrast, reserves various elements of surprise for the increasingly hapless folks on screen. Only the audience has a clear picture of what's really going down.
Decades later, the Coens would employ that same basic idea to comic effect in Burn After Reading. Here, their sense of humor comes through in extremely bitter irony—the movie's final line is priceless—and a few knowing visual jokes, like a shot in which the camera, traveling the length of Marty's bar at drink level, finds its path blocked by the head of a passed-out patron and serenely glides up and over the obstacle, continuing on its way. (Cinematographer Barry Sonnenfeld later became a notable director in his own right, best known for helming the Men In Black franchise.) The brothers instantly demonstrate their knack for coaxing beautifully offbeat performances from their actors, too; Walsh in particular is delectably sleazy, speaking his lines in a sneering Texas drawl that makes every word sound as if it's turned rancid. And then there's Carter Burwell's score—his very first—which lacks the grandeur of his orchestral work in later Coen films like Fargo, but manages to evoke a palpable sense of dread with a simple piano theme. Insofar as their name signifies an aesthetic, the Coen brothers were fully formed right from the get-go.
That makes it all the more maddening, for the purists (grumble grumble), that it remains impossible to see Blood Simple as originally released, unless one can somehow watch one of the 35mm prints struck in 1984. Due to home-video licensing issues, the VHS and laserdisc releases substitute a truly lame version of “I'm A Believer” for the Four Tops' “It's The Same Old Song,” heard several times during the film. That was corrected in the 2000 re-release (which is what's currently available on DVD and Blu-ray), but at the cost of Joel and Ethan's retroactive cosmetic surgery, visible again in this latest incarnation. The changes themselves are quite minor, scarcely detectable to anyone who hasn't committed Blood Simple to memory, and they do improve the movie a bit, honestly; their main effect is to significantly reduce the screen time of an actor named Samm-Art Williams, who's definitely the weak link in the cast (and hasn't acted since 1991, according to the IMDB). Still, it's the principle of the thing. Artists sprucing up their work many years later, merely out of vanity—as opposed to a genuine director's cut that restores alterations imposed by a studio—is the equivalent of digitally altering old photos to make yourself look less dorky. Blood Simple didn't need that sort of hindsight tweaking. It's a trailblazing masterpiece in any form.
Director: Gil Kenan Run Time: 91 min. Format: DCP Rating: PG
Starring: Catherine O'Hara, Fred Willard, Kathleen Turner, Kevin James, Maggie Gyllenhaal, Nick Cannon, Ryan Newman, Sam Lerner, Spencer Locke, Steve Buscemi, Jason Lee, Mitchel Musso
Three friends discover that their neighbor's house is really a living, breathing, scary monster in our children-friendly Halloween screening of MONSTER HOUSE!
Even for a 12-year old, D.J. Walters has a particularly overactive imagination. He is convinced that his haggard and crabby neighbor Horace Nebbercracker, who terrorizes all the neighborhood kids, is responsible for Mrs. Nebbercracker's mysterious disappearance. Any toy that touches Nebbercracker's property, promptly disappears, swallowed up by the cavernous house in which Horace lives. D.J. has seen it with his own eyes! But no one believes him, not even his best friend, Chowder. What everyone does not know is D.J. is not imagining things. Everything he's seen is absolutely true and it's about to get much worse than anything D.J could have imagined.
Part of Nitehawk's kid-friendly Halloween screenings in October.
Justice RM Lodha said that when he served as the CJI, he took several initiatives in this regard. But several technical reasons put forward by the Bar Council of India came in the way. The former Chief Justice also called on the judges to be honest and unbiased. (PTI)
Retired Chief Justice of India Rajendra Mal Lodha is off the view that the number of cases pending before the Indian courts is huge, and therefore, the judiciary should work round the year without break.
In an exclusive conversation with ETV News Head Jagdeesh Chandra, Justice Lodha said, “The number of cases pending in the courts is huge and to ensure that people get justice in time, people related to judiciary should work non-stop 365 days.”
Justice Lodha said that when he served as the CJI, he took several initiatives in this regard. But several technical reasons put forward by the Bar Council of India came in the way. The former Chief Justice also called on the judges to be honest and unbiased.
“The issue of appointment of judges is a tough job not only in India but in the world at large. Like India, differences between the governments of the respective countries and judicial appointment organizations are being witnessed,” he said.
“Despite these differences, it is important is that who would be appointed as judge should be honest and impartial. Executive, legislature and judiciary should make their dignity. The ex-Chief Justice further said improvement is required in the work process of police of the country.
“Judicial reform is not possible until the police won't be modernized, equipped with technology, provide proper training and their work pressure is reduced,” he said.
Toronto police announced "the largest single seizure" of powder cocaine in the city Thursday, after a six-week investigation that has resulted in multiple charges against a Toronto man.
Acting Insp. Steve Watts of the force's drug squad announced the drug seizure and arrest at Toronto Police Services headquarters Thursday morning.
Police seized 73 kilograms of powder cocaine, 12 kilograms of crystal methamphetamine and eight kilograms of MDMA, or ecstasy, Watts said.
The street value of all the drugs is just under $9 million, Watts said. That's $7.3 million in cocaine, $1.2 million in crystal meth and just under $500,000 in MDMA.
"This is the largest single seizure of powder cocaine" in the city, Watts told reporters.
Police found some of the drugs while conducting a search warrant at the accused's residence in the McCowan and Ellesemere roads area on Wednesday, he said.
A search of the man's car, which had a "trap," or a custom-built hidden compartment behind a seat, turned up the rest of the drugs, he said, adding that the accused was pulled over while driving, but would not say where.
Watts would not say what led police to launch their investigation, or the specific investigative techniques they used before executing their search warrant. He did say that the accused does not have a criminal record.
He also said that it is "rare" for so much product to be found with one person.
"In the drug business, in the drug culture, if you are entrusted with this amount of product or this amount of controlled substances, then you are at a very high level due to the financial and the nature of the substance," Watts said.
He would not say whether the accused is part of a larger drug organization, but said that typically, large drug seizures are connected to a wider criminal conspiracy.
The drugs were not headed to the east or west coasts, according to Watts, but were intended for the Toronto market.
4 drug charges
Police arrested and charged Nicholas Shouldice, 32, of Toronto with:
Two counts of possession for the purpose of trafficking for cocaine.
Possession for the purpose of trafficking for MDMA.
Possession for the purpose of trafficking for crystal meth.
He was scheduled to appear in court at Old City Hall on Thursday morning.
According to Watts, the investigation is ongoing, but he would not say whether police have identified more suspects in this case.
New York-based WORK Architecture Company has unveiled a design for Landsbanki Bank Headquarters that consists of a series of green-roofed steps rising up from a ground-level city park. The striking proposal is designed to visually connect the historic old town of Reykjavik with the newer, more modern scale of the buildings on the edge of town. Courtyards and a narrow floor layout provide occupants with plenty of daylighting and access to the outdoors in Iceland's capital city.
WORKac was one of five teams invited to propose a new Headquarters for Landsbanki Bank in Reykjavik, Iceland. Reykjavik's historic old town is skirted by a number of more contemporary buildings, which creates a dramatic dichotomy between the old fabric of the city center and the new developments at the city's edge. WORKac's facade for the Landsbanki Bank, which serves as both structure and fenestration, was inspired by the interwoven patterns of Icelandic art.
The proposal calls for a series of programmatic strips that are stacked to create strategic voids and shared elevated gardens. The strips feature narrow floorplans that allow for maximum flexibility in office layout and permit daylight to suffuse the interior spaces. The shared gardens are protected from the cold northern winds by the exterior of the building, and the green roof acts as an extension of the courtyards and the nearby park.
Interest in joining the State Department's elite ranks of Foreign Service officers has tumbled in the early months of the Trump administration, triggering worries among former officials about the long-run risks to U.S. diplomatic power.
This June, the number of Americans who took the Foreign Service exam to start the process of joining the prestigious State Department ranks fell 26 percent from the same month a year earlier to 2,730, according to data obtained by POLITICO. The June tally marked the lowest number of test-takers in nearly a decade.
Story Continued Below
The drop in interest threatens to constrict the State Department's pipeline for skilled diplomats representing U.S. interests around the world. It comes in the wake of President Donald Trump's proposal to slash the department's budget by a third, and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson's push to overhaul State's overall structure. The nearly 14,000 Foreign Service employees carry out U.S. diplomacy around the world, interacting with people from other countries while helping Americans overseas.
“The Foreign Service is like the military — if you don't bring in lieutenants now, you don't have the majors you need in 10 years and don't have the colonels you need in 20,” said Ronald E. Neumann, president of the American Academy of Diplomacy who served in a number of top diplomatic posts including as U.S. ambassador to Afghanistan from 2005 to 2007.
Trump's comments on Thursday thanking Russian President Vladimir Putin for expelling American diplomats from Russia because it would save the U.S. “a lot of money” stunned and disappointed the State Department rank-and-file and could further dissuade people from joining the diplomatic corps, though Trump said Friday he was "absolutely" being sarcastic with the remark.
Some people who had previously been considering joining the Foreign Service, the backbone of the U.S. diplomatic corps, cited proposed cutbacks at the State Department and a perception that the new president is less interested in diplomacy.
The most reliable politics newsletter. Sign up for POLITICO Playbook and get the latest news, every morning — in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
“I feel like this is a time when more people should be trying to join State and trying to change the dynamic there right now,” said one grad student who had considered pursuing the Foreign Service but no longer is actively applying to State. The Trump administration doesn't “treat the State Department with as much respect as they should.”
She's now looking at private-sector opportunities, such as consulting, to gain experience and “wait out the administration.”
Devika Ranjan, president of the student Academic Council of the Georgetown School of Foreign Service this past year, said many of her recent fellow graduates, who earlier would have followed a storied tradition of the school's grads going into State, are choosing to focus their attention instead on think tanks, nonprofits and further education. “They're concerned about representing the United States abroad when they don't necessarily agree with the decisions of the administration,” she said.
There are still more than enough applications to fill the limited number of open slots in the Foreign Service, an intensely competitive program in which only 1.8% of Foreign Service applicants get hired. The State Department expects to hire 222 new Foreign Service officers by the end of fiscal year 2017, according to a State Department official. Since 9/11, annual hiring for FSOs has ranged from about 300 to just above 700.
The exam is usually given three times a year. The number of applicants spiked to almost 9,000 in June 2009 and was mostly around 4,000 to 7,000 for tests during the Obama years.
Some current and former diplomats worry the U.S. is missing out on talented people who choose not to apply to State during the Trump administration, limiting the quality of Foreign Service officers ultimately hired to represent the U.S. abroad.
The data appears to be “a clear reaction to the actions taken by the current administration against the Foreign Service, and uncertainty about career prospects for new grads and other exam-takers,” said W. Robert Pearson, who was director general of the U.S. Foreign Service from 2003 to 2006.
State Department spokesperson Heather Nauert said there was “continued strong interest in serving in the Foreign Service” and that the Foreign Service pipelines were “robust” with more than 750 candidates now being considered.
“The general trend of Foreign Service applicants has been on a decline” since the 2013 fiscal year, she said in a statement. “While there are regular seasonal variations, it's clear that Foreign Service Officer Test (FSOT) applications overall move in the same direction as unemployment rates and with sustained, historically low unemployment rates, the Department is not surprised or concerned about a reduction in FSOT applications.”
Some conservatives have defended what the Trump administration is doing to the State Department and say it's not surprising to see ebbs and flows of people interested in government service.
James Roberts, a research fellow at the Heritage Foundation, said employment at the State Department has climbed since 9/11.
“There are a lot more people working there now than there were 10 years ago and the overall budget of the international affairs operation of the federal government has more than doubled the past 12 years,” he said. “So if there's a proposal to take a cut, it's on the basis of having expanded dramatically in the last decade. And of course that will affect decisions about hiring and personnel and retirement.”
Regardless of Trump being in office, many younger Americans say they're still interested in joining the Foreign Service because they want to serve their country and travel the world with a career in the State Department.
“Despite the fact that Trump is trying to gut the State Department right now, I still would like to work there [even though] it seems to be on fire,” said one master's student in international affairs, who recently passed the test.
“Right now is when we need good people the most, because things aren't functioning properly and we need people who can pick up the pieces,” she said. “If people decide to stop trying it's only going to get worse and the image of the U.S. will continue to go down overseas.”
Observers said the administration's proposed budget cuts, for instance, sends a signal to Americans interested in foreign policy and international relations.
“There is a lot of talent inside that can choose and has chosen to go elsewhere,” said a former ambassador. “The new talent has choices, too.”
Tillerson “needs us more than we need him, and it will take our country a very long time to rebuild this very modest but valuable asset,” the former ambassador said.
Top grad schools for international affairs that typically funnel graduates to the State Department also report a drop-off in interest. Information sessions for students who wanted to learn more about life as a Foreign Service officer at one leading university regularly drew at least 20 to 25 people. At one recent session, only three people showed up, according to a career services official at that university.
Adding to the uncertainty for potential recruits is what the State Department, and by extension the Foreign Service, will look like by the end of Trump's tenure. Tillerson, the secretary of state, has already suspended the use of prestigious fellowship programs and otherwise severely restricted hiring as he ponders ways to reorganize the department, a process that could take many more months to complete. The vast majority of undersecretary and assistant secretary positions have not been filled, leaving various bureaus headed by someone appointed on an acting basis.
The Trump administration's approach to diplomacy has also sparked concern on Capitol Hill, where Republicans and Democrats lawmakers are trying to prevent the proposed Trump cuts to the State Department.
“Diplomacy — the Foreign Service — is part of our national security,” said Sen. Ben Cardin (D-Md.), ranking member on the Senate Foreign Affairs Committee, who said a hobbled diplomatic corps would hurt the U.S. ability to project its power across the globe. “There has already been damage. It will take significant time to rebuild that capacity.”
In a grisly tale, The New York Times reports Takahiro Shiraishi, 27, was arrested in Zama prefecture, Japan, 30 miles outside of Tokyo, after police found nine severed heads in coolers in his apartment. Shiraishi reportedly used Twitter to find women who'd expressed suicidal thoughts over the service, murdering and decapitating them. Shiraishi has also admitted to sexually assaulting some of the women.
Eight of Shiraishi's victims were women; the lone male was the boyfriend of a victim who went to Shiraishi's apartment looking for her. Shiraishi didn't resist when police arrived to question him, reportedly replying “[she's] in that cooler” when asked for information about one of the missing women.
Advertisement
Though investigations are still early, suicidal tendencies seem to be the connecting thread among Shiraishi's victims. Police first encountered him while investigating the disappearance of a 23-year-old woman. Reported missing on October 24th by her brother, the woman appeared on security footage from a train station speaking to Shiraishi the night before. On Twitter, she wrote she was “looking for someone who will die with me.” Shiraishi replied to the woman's tweet, telling her “Let's die together.”
Japan has the third highest suicide rate among developed nations. The federal government now monitors suicide-related messaging boards and also subsidizes suicide-prevention campaigns throughout the country.
If you or someone you know is having suicidal thoughts, call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 800-273-8255.
Advertisement
[New York Times]
"We have a cabal in this government that literally controls our foreign policy ... Syria is a country with 3 million Christians," he said. "It was just admitted by Clinton that our government's been supporting Saudi Arabia which she admits was supporting ISIS. The lady should be getting the electric chair, being charged with treason."
ADVERTISEMENT
He added that Clinton knew that Saudi Arabia was supporting the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria "and she told it secretly to Goldman Sachs in her emails, but she didn't tell the public."
Duke's comments come after the debate moderator questioned him about a blog post on his website criticizing "CNN Jews."
"There is a problem in America with a very strong, powerful tribal group that dominates our media, dominates our international banking," Duke said. "I'm not opposed to all Jews."
(CBS) As the Bears departed from Halas Hall on Friday afternoon, a familiar face entered the locker room. In came receiver Cameron Meredith, walking without crutches or a boot nearly three months after surgery to repair a torn ACL.
Meredith is progressing well in his recovery, working steadily out of the Bears' rehab facilities at Halas Hall. The expected prognosis brings hopes that he can return for OTAs in May.
“It's going great,” Meredith said of his rehab during an interview on the Bernstein and Goff Show. “I'm steadily making progress. You got to take it one day at a time.”
The injury to Meredith occurred during the third preseason game in August, with Meredith's left leg buckling in a gruesome fashion. An MRI days later revealed that it was only the ACL that was damaged.
Meredith said that he realized right away that it was a season-ending injury. The Bears are 3-6 on the season and have missed their leading receiver from 2016, when Meredith hauled in 66 catches for 888 yards and four touchdowns.
Meredith's days begin early and include a tight schedule with rehab, workouts, light swimming and good meals.
“Of course it's a bummer not being out there and taking part in that,” Meredith said. “I'm more bummed out that I can't play a whole season and losing out on that camaraderie with my teammates, competing out there and getting better as a player. I'm right now focused on rebuilding myself. That's where I got to go from here.
“I try to make the most of every day and not take one day for granted, because every day is progress in different areas. Every small amount helps.”
Chris Emma covers the Bears, Chicago's sports scene and more for CBSChicago.com. Follow him on Twitter @CEmma670 and like his Facebook page.
Today's lesson will look at GDP Per Capita, and economic data point that helps keep things in perspective.
The most common statistic used to measure the size and growth rate of a nation's economy is Gross Domestic Product (GDP). However, GDP as most commonly used can be a flawed measurement if one tries to infer that the size or growth of economic activity is well correlated to the prosperity of its people.
Consider China and the United States for example. The U.S. has a GDP of approximately $16.5 trillion and a population of roughly 325 million while China has a GDP of nearly $11 trillion and a population of approximately 1.4 billion. One could say that China's economy is about two-thirds the size of the U.S. economy. However, when one considers how that activity is spread amongst the citizens, China's economy is only one-seventh that of the U.S. Accordingly, Chinese citizens are clearly less productive and prosperous than U.S. citizens.
GDP per capita (per citizen), as demonstrated above, is a valid way to measure the efficiency of one nation's economic output versus another and is also an important statistic to gauge the productivity and prosperity trends in one country. We have frequently shown the declining trend in secular GDP growth in charts like those shown below.
Above, GDP is plotted on an absolute basis and does not take into account the amount of economic activity or economic growth per person. Below, we show the ten-year growth rate of U.S. GDP per capita.
Sign up for our FREE newsletter and receive our best trading ideas and research Leave this field empty if you're human:
As one easily notices GDP per capita is more worrisome than when viewed on a total basis as in the first two graphs. The economic growth rate per person is currently below one half of one percent. More concerning, it is below levels seen during the great financial crisis in 2008 and it is still trending lower.
This graph confirms our macroeconomic concerns and helps explain, in part, why so many U.S. citizens feel like they are being left behind. Factor in that many of the economic spoils are not evenly distributed, as assumed in this analysis, but are largely accruing to the wealthy, and the problem only worsens. As such, the growing social anxiety and trend towards populism, be it conservative or liberal leaning, will not likely dissipate if the aforementioned economic trends continue.
Thanks for reading.
Twitter: @michaellebowitz
Any opinions expressed herein are solely those of the author, and do not in any way represent the views or opinions of any other person or entity.
A reevaluation of the objectives and actions of Tar Heel "Reds" from the 1920s to the 1960s Based on oral histories, archival sources, and previously unpublished documents of the Communist International, The History of the North Carolina Communist Party is the first comprehensive narrative account of the Tar Heel State's Communist Party during its half century of existence. Gregory S. Taylor's chronicle of the Party's sustained efforts in North Carolina draws extensively from Comintern files that, after decades of secrecy, have only recently been made available for historical examination. Although others have studied isolated moments of Communist activity within the state, Taylor ties those moments together, linking them with previously unexamined Communist efforts and demonstrating remarkable continuity of activity in North Carolina. As Taylor notes, the North Carolina Communist Party was a vibrant, socially conscious activist group as well as a political party, and the first organization of its kind in a Southern state. In the 1920s North Carolina saw prolonged and violent struggles between the owners and hired protectors of industrial enterprises and the laborers who worked the mills and factories. From 1929 to 1956 the Party took a leading role to implement change: it unionized tobacco and textile industries, pushed for legislation to benefit the unemployed, demanded civil rights for the disenfranchised, called for peaceful foreign policy, sought judicial and prison reforms, and opposed segregation and what the Party considered "creeping fascism." In recounting Party activities from this era, Taylor shows that the main objective was to organize and aid the economically, politically, and culturally downtrodden through social reform rather than through Communist revolution. He reveals Party members to be conscientious North Carolinians, and by extension he challenges long-held assumptions about the Communist presence throughout the United States. Although decimated in the 1960s by internal dissension, FBI infiltration, and cold-war politics, the North Carolina Communist Party left a reform-minded legacy that continues to influence the state. Taylor's study shows that North Carolina Communists were not dangerous threats to national security as they were often depicted. They were not beholden to the Soviet Union, nor did they try to overthrow the democratic process. In hindsight it becomes clear that their goals were not inherently anti-American, considering that much of what they advocated—such as civil rights, unionization, and unemployment insurance—has since become part of the national consensus. Gregory S. Taylor is an assistant professor of history at Chowan University in Murfreesboro, North Carolina. "Gregory S. Taylor's History of the Communist Party in North Carolina is an engaging interpretation of the party's history in one southern state. Taylor traces the ebb and flow of party activity from the late 1920s through the 1950s with a keen eye for how organizers and rank-and-file members engaged in the everyday struggles of the socially and economically disenfranchised. He argues that party activists were not the revolutionary bomb throwers depicted by the press, but reform-minded citizens who sided with the most marginalized people against the ruling elite. This work gives us a spirited history that raises important questions about the suppression of North Carolina's radical impulse."—Robert Korstad, Kevin D. Gorter Associate Professor of Public Policy Studies and History, Duke University "Gregory S. Taylor's History of the Communist Party in North Carolina offers a comprehensive look at CPUSA activity in a vital corner of Dixie. The book covers the movement from the Daily Worker's first Tar Heel subscription drive in 1926, through the state organization's quiet suffocation in 1960. Unfortunately most studies of the party—whether at the international level, the national, or closer to home—have dealt with only a single (and often brief) time span. Future state and local historians interested in Communism would do well to follow Taylor's fine example of breadth in this regard."—James G. Ryan, author of Earl Browder: The Failure of American Communism
CLOSE A brief overview of the roughly 6,000 untested rape kits in Wisconsin and why authorities say the evidence wasn't sent to crime labs. Wochit
Rape kit in laboratory. (Photo11: AP)
MADISON, Wis. — A groundbreaking study in 2014 revealed that police agencies from 173 Wisconsin communities had never submitted sexual assault evidence to crime labs, leaving the material scattered in local storage rooms and its potential value kept a mystery.
But the number of communities touched by the mountain of untested evidence, which state authorities are now pushing to address with grant funding, is actually much larger, according to USA TODAY NETWORK-Wisconsin's review of a new state study.
The list of communities now includes Racine, Superior, Waupun, Wisconsin Dells and dozens of other cities with municipal police departments, as well as Fond du Lac, Marathon, Milwaukee and 14 other counties where sheriff's offices didn't submit evidence.
Police agencies from the newly identified communities reported having in storage nearly 1,200 packages of untested evidence, known colloquially as rape kits, which contain biological samples taken after allegations of sexual assault. The evidence can be used to help identify suspects or corroborate witness statements.
Wisconsin's first study of untested rape kits found more than 6,000 packages in police storage rooms. Although nearly 1,200 additional kits were found in the second study, the statewide total hasn't changed significantly because some kits have been tested or destroyed since the first study. Also, some police agencies have revised their tallies of kits due to previous reporting errors.
Both studies were by driven by the state Department of Justice. The first narrowly sought to estimate how much evidence hadn't been sent to crime labs for DNA analysis. The second, required by new grant funding, sought an updated count under stricter definitions, and officials asked agencies to explain why evidence wasn't tested.
Law enforcement authorities in Wisconsin and across the nation have become increasingly interested in testing rape kits with advances in DNA technology and the prospect of using evidence to help identify serial rapists. Wisconsin has received $5.1 million in grants since 2015 to study its kits and to have many tested.
Neither effort has been swift, however. Key details from the state's second study, such as empirical data explaining why kits weren't submitted by police agencies to crime labs, still haven't been released. Testing finally began this year and is expected to continue through next summer. The state estimates 3,800 to 4,000 kits will be tested.
DOCUMENTS: Results of 2014 and 2017 untested rape kit studies
The number of kits reported by some police agencies has shifted dramatically since 2014.
Milwaukee police reported having more than 2,600 untested rape kits in storage as part of Wisconsin's first study, but the department now reports having fewer than 900 on hand. Police in Wausau and Sheboygan also reported dozens fewer kits in the new study than were previously counted.
Milwaukee and Wausau police officials attributed the decline to confusion over how kits were supposed to be counted in the first study. Milwaukee police said some kits were counted twice, while Wausau police said they counted all kits on hand in 2014, including some that were tested.
Read more:
Other police officials said some kits previously counted have been destroyed. Appleton police reported destroying 43 kits between 2014 and 2015. Sheboygan Police Chief Christopher Domagalski said some kits stored by his agency were destroyed while others have been turned over the state or tested in crime labs.
Appleton police Sgt. Dave Lund said kits can be destroyed after a variety of events, including a completed investigation that determines allegations are unfounded, expiring statute of limitations, and suspects being arrested, found guilty, sentenced or discharged from custody.
Dane County and Racine agencies have reported the largest increases in untested kits. State records show Madison police estimated having 400 kits in 2014 and have since counted more than twice that number; it's unclear why. Racine police didn't participate in the first study and counted 246 kits for the new study.
Fond du Lac police reported having 125 untested kits for the new study, up from 70 three years ago. Capt. Aaron Goldstein said the old number was an estimate based on an internal database of stored evidence. But not all evidence is tracked in the database, he said. When the agency completed a hand-count for the new study, dozens more kits were found.
Aside from newly discovered kits at police agencies, the state's second study also found about 200 more kits stored by hospitals and rape crisis centers across the state. Most of those kits were reported by Aurora hospitals in Milwaukee and West Allis. Aurora representatives did not provide an explanation.
YOU MIGHT ALSO BE INTERESTED IN:
Follow Keegan Kyle on Twitter: @keegankyle
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2nD7s4N
Getty Images
Trading the first pick in the 2016 NFL Draft two weeks before it begins was a huge move.
But the Titans might not be done making them.
In discussing his new haul of draft picks after trading the top spot to the Rams, Titans General Manager Jon Robinson hinted at further deals.
“This move does not knock us out of any player, except one,'' Robinson said, via Jim Wyatt of the team's official website. “We now have the ammunition to work the draft and acquire players that are going to be good for this football team.”
In getting the Rams' first-rounder, two seconds and a third (along with first- and third-rounders in 2017), the Titans have six of the top 76 picks.
They're currently looking at the 15th, 33rd, 43rd, 45th, 64th and 76th choices, which is enough to convince them to give up this year's first, fourth and sixth.
“Being able to acquire six players in the top 76 this year, along with next year when you factor that into it — I am assuming five in the top three rounds — that is 11 players that we can add to this football team that should not only increase our depth, but give us good quality players at all those positions,'' Robinson said. “In the end we thought it was a decision that was best for this football team. It made sense for us to do it, and that's why we moved on it.
“We talked to several teams about the pick. There was interest in the pick, and in the end we thought this was the option that made the most sense for us. We think we can really bolster this roster with the picks that we now have.”
They can also use the next two weeks to fashion deals to move around, in case they don't want to wait until the middle of the first round to start adding.
Ode to Hacky Code a guest Sep 19th, 2014 3,756 Never a guest3,756Never
Not a member of Pastebin yet? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features!
rawdownloadcloneembedreportprintdiff text 0.25 KB Little time to go before the Code will be shipped out the door But there's a bug I cannot fix Defying all my clever tricks I must commit a heinous sin Although I shudder in my skin, for Future devs, or when I'm back I leave a warning: // DIRTY HACK
RAW Paste Data
Little time to go before the Code will be shipped out the door But there's a bug I cannot fix Defying all my clever tricks I must commit a heinous sin Although I shudder in my skin, for Future devs, or when I'm back I leave a warning: // DIRTY HACK
CHANDIGARH: Harmanpreet Kaur is the toast of the nation after her breathtaking 171 not out against Australia in the semifinals of the ongoing ICC Women's Cricket World Cup. For the girl from Moga in Punjab, the rewards and awards are duly pouring in, and will continue after the Lord's final. The Indian cricket board ( BCCI ) on Saturday also announced a cash award of Rs 50 lakh for each member of the Indian team.Everyone wants a pie of Harmanpreet's success now. But, it was not like this for her always.In 2010-11, when she was in dire need of a job, the Punjab government snubbed her application for a job in the Punjab Police . She had already been playing for two years for the national team at that time."We had approached the Punjab Police and requested them to employ her. She had already represented India and was a regular bymember of the national team. We were told that there is no provision for employment in Punjab Police for female cricketers."That time a senior official in Punjab Police had told us that 'she isn't a Harbhajan Singh that we will give her a DSP post'. She wasn't even granted the post of an inspector. We even met the chief minister, but to no avail," said her coach Yadwinder Sodhi. "Not a single political party or their representative has ever visited our home since 2009, when Harmanpreet began to win laurels for the country. The least the last Akali Dal government or Congress government could have done is given Harmanpreet a job," father Harmandar Singh Bhullar added.Harmanpreet, at present, is an employee of the Western Railways. After this she got a job in Western Railways four years ago on the recommendation of Sachin Tendulkar One of the members of the Supreme Court-appointed Committee of Administrators (CoA), Diana Eduljee , had advocated Harmanpreet's cause to Tendulkar.Sachin Tendulkar, who is a member of Parliament, had also written to the then Railway minister endorsing Harmanpreet's plea for the job.
GOP frontrunner Donald Trump speaking in Alabama (Screenshot)
GOP presidential frontrunner Donald Trump took his road show to Alabama Friday night, appearing at Ladd–Peebles Stadium before a crowd estimated at 20,000, many of whom matter-of-factly shared their racist views with visiting reporters.
As Trump spoke to to his assembled fans and curiosity seekers, one man could be heard yelling “white power!” (see video below) in between breaks in Trump's stump speech.
Wearing what is becoming his trademark campaign speech golf hat reading “Make America great again,” Trump hit many of his familiar themes, including bashing “illegals” whom he says are are destroying the U.S.
Trump again pitched building a wall between Mexico and the U.S. saying, “we're going to build it” while stating Congress could end the guarantee of citizenship for children born to immigrants in the U.S.
“The 14th Amendment — I was right on it. You can do something with it, and you can do something fast,” Trump said. “In the case of other countries, including Mexcio, they don't do that. It doesn't work that way. … We're the only place just about that's stupid enough to do it.”
Trump comments found favor with many in the cheering crowd with one local man, Jim Sherotta, 53, telling a reporter from AL.com, he'd like to see bounties placed upon the heads of undocumented workers coming over the border.
“Hopefully, he's going to sit there and say, ‘When I become elected president, what we're going to do is we're going to make the border a vacation spot, it's going to cost you $25 for a permit, and then you get $50 for every confirmed kill,'” Sherota explained. “That'd be one nice thing.”
Sherrota later stated that he was just kidding.
Speaking with the Washington Post, Cheryl Burns — who was visiting from California — told reporters she left behind a devastated state and that Trump is telling the truth about undocumented workers ravaging the country.
“There is no more California,” Burns said. “It's now international, lawless territory. Everything is up for grabs. Illegal aliens are murdering people there. People are being raped. Trump isn't lying about anything — the rest of the country just hasn't found out yet.”
Washington Post reporter Dave Weigel, who is shadowing the campaign sarcastically noted this morning that his interviews with citizens of Alabama are “going well so far,” with a local farmer telling him: “You probably think we're prejudiced, but my whole life we had n****rs work for us in the field. And they were n****rs. My daddy called them n****rs. I'm not ignorant. That's just the way I was raised. There's black people and there's n****rs. You live around here, you know the difference.”
Watch the video below uploaded to YouTube by KillerGuy:
The DIY Space Grade PCB is the first of 5 projects that comprise my entry to the 2016 Hackaday Prize. The ultimate goal for this very involved project is to demonstrate my solution to one of the most difficult problems in all engineering, that of producing a fully functional and field operational Neural Interposer, Gibson's Cyberspace Deck, aka Brain Machine Interface, not surprisingly it also makes a very capable device for Molecular Biology.
Project 1 outlines the ceramic PCB process.
Frequently I find that the problems I like to work on require very complex PCBs with buried and hidden vias and even vias in pads. With vias in pads comes 3 mil lines. Just for fun lets make it a 12 layer board. To find a manufacture of such a board my choices are now reduced from hundreds perhaps thousands of board shops around the world to a countable handful. The cost of a single prototype went from a few $ per square inch to many hundreds of $. I could expect to pay several thousand $ for just a few boards with a lead time of several weeks. Well, one thing is certain, I'm not going to pay a board shop thousands of $ for something I can do myself!
OK, if it's so great why isn't it used more often? The answer is shrinkage. When ceramics are fired there dimensions change. There are ways to keep the shrinkage under control but they are uneconomical and expensive in volume so typically 99.9999% of the time FR4 will do.
At least for now, I'm content to know that the technology of LTCC can provide the boards I need. I don't expect to get to the highest levels of performance immediately, but I know they are obtainable. That's why it's called the art of the hack.
The ability to fabricate circuitry with high tolerance is limited by the precision of the mechanical components of the system, the stiffness of the structures, vibration control, step size of the stepper motors, pitch of the screws, and many 2nd order effects.
To reach the goal of producing multilayer PCBs it's first necessary to place vias in the material, deposit ink within the holes, and lay down as many layers of silver ink as necessary to reach the desired conductivity.
Rather than use multiple machines for these operations I've elected to build one machine. I call it a 3-D fabricator.
My 3-D Fabricator is a big project. It sucks up money, time, and resources like a black hole. I even remodelled a room in the house just to hold it.
3D FABRICATOR
Except for the instrument rack that I've had for decades the other major pieces of hardware, like the laser on the left side and the X and Y traverses have all come from EBay. Just below the slotted bed on the left you can see an air exhaust hose and on the right, a water pump and radiator for cooling the laser, the blue container is the water reservoir for the cooling system. Just above the slotted bed is the X axis traverse with a multifunction tool head that has a laser focus assembly, and ink jet printer head, camera and Z axis traverse along with an Arduino and a BeagleBone Black. This assembly is called the short bed. The plywood above that is a mechanical mock-up that duplicates the basic mechanical dimensions of the "long bed" that weighs several hundred pounds.
A closer view of the laser/printer head. The plastic hose supplies a constant source of air or an inert gas for protecting the optics. In the center is the print head assembly and further to the right the camera hidden from view along with the Arduino. The Beaglebone Black is dismounted.
For illustrating scale, here is a stack of "green tape", the ceramic material of interest. The material is from Hereaus. Each sheet costs about a dollar per square inch. The ink comes from ElectronInks.
This is the working end of the laser articulation. It takes 8 mirrors to get the beam down to the work. The assemly to the left is another stepper that controls the Z-axis elevation of the laser so that it tracks the z-position of the main tool head located on the short bed.
This machine is so big that it...
President Donald Trump's comments about the Civil War in a recent interview, in which he diminished the impact of slavery ahead of the war and praised former President Andrew Jackson, echo sentiments of white nationalist media and signify yet another instance of intermingling between Trump and his nativist fans.
During a May 1 interview with the Washington Examiner, Trump claimed that “had Andrew Jackson been a little later you wouldn't have had the Civil War,” adding that Jackson “was a very tough person but he had a big heart. He was really angry that he saw with regard to the Civil War.” Trump went on to say, “People don't ask that question, but why was there the Civil War? Why could that one not have been worked out?”
As Jamelle Bouie, then of The American Prospect wrote, "Civil War historians disagree on many things, but there is a general consensus surrounding the reasons for the war, and slavery is at the top of the list." Tony Horowitz of The Atlantic stated, "The Civil War today is generally seen as a necessary and ennobling sacrifice, redeemed by the liberation of four million slaves." And, as noted by Ta-Nehisi Coates, the Civil War "ended slavery, and birthed both modern American, and modern black America."
Trump's remarks were largely panned for being “puzzling” and “fact-free.” But as historians warned would happen, white nationalist media figures praised his comments, saying that Trump was “right about the UnCivil War” and that “none of the modern wars have advanced the White race and our shared civilization.”
By questioning the cause of the Civil War, Trump was blowing a dog whistle to white nationalist media figures and neo-Confederates, tacitly supporting the revisionist history they promote. The white nationalist website VDare, for example, has claimed that the idea that the Civil War was meant to “preserve the Union and free the slaves” is a “lie.” White nationalists have also attempted to dismiss the traumas of slavery, writing that it “wasn't as bad as you were taught.” So when Trump suggested that the war could have been avoided or that the cause was unknown, he was echoing the sentiments of white nationalists by diminishing the impact slavery had in the United States.
Additionally, Trump's repeated praise for Jackson has drawn support of white nationalist media figures who are similarly drawn to Jackson. White nationalist websites like The Daily Stormer have praised Jackson for kicking Native Americans off their land, writing, “They were killing kids, raping and killing women – it was a horrorshow (sic) with these tree-monkeys (sic).” The white nationalist website Infostormer called Jackson “a legitimate bad ass,” writing, “He fought in duels, won the Battle of New Orleans and abolished the Second Bank of the United States,” which Jackson had said was an elitist institution that lacked proper oversight.
When Trump praises Jackson, white nationalists take note. After Trump hung a portrait of the late president in the Oval Office, Infostormer said it was “great news” because “there is a good chance Trump plans on shaping his presidency to be in the same vein as Jackson['s].” When Trump visited Jackson's tomb, Infostormer lauded Trump for “recognizing the greatness that was Andrew Jackson.”
Trump has had a long history of interacting with white nationalist media figures. His latest comments are yet another wink and nod to his nativist supporters.
Graphic by Dayanita Ramesh
On Christmas Eve, US President Donald Trump took calls from children, asking them what they wanted most from Santa, and revealing what was on his own wish list.
One boy wanted building blocks. Another wished for his grandma to get out of the hospital. And as for Trump – who has sent a series of combative tweets since arriving at his Florida vacation home – he said he wants “peace for the country.”
“We've got prosperity – now we want peace,” Trump told a child named Ryan, who called the North American Aerospace Defense Command (NORAD) to check on Santa's progress.
Every year on Christmas eve NORAD purports to track the flight of Santa and his reindeer-pulled sleigh, a tradition since 1955 when a department store misprinted a phone number, sending a flood of calls to a NORAD colonel, who played along.
Sitting in a gold chair beside first lady Melania Trump in an ornate, tapestried great room, the president enthusiastically chatted with youngsters and their parents. Reporters in the room could hear only the president's side of the conversation.
In his trademark brash style honed during a career in the New York real estate world, Trump predicted the kids would have the greatest Christmas ever.
“I'll make a prediction – Santa is going to treat you well. Really well. The best he's ever treated you,” he told one child from Mississippi, throwing in an invitation to come to the Oval Office sometime.
“The Pioneer of Hasidic Literature.”
“The most important Zionist (at the first Zionist Congress).”
“An undiscovered genius.”
“Defender of Kabbalah and the Masorah.”
Yes, a single man was called all of these things. Ahron Marcus, whose 101st Yahrtzeit is observed today, might be the most interesting man of the turn of the 19th century you've never heard of. He was truly a man of paradoxes: never ordained, but often called rabbi; a Hasid who supported Herzl; a student of archaeology and the ancient world who vehemently opposed the documentary hypothesis; a devout adherent of Hasidism who simultaneously provided historical and psychological analyses of his religious world.
Ahron Marcus (1843-1916) was born in Hamburg and recognized in the German Jewish community as a prodigious illuy in learning at a young age, studying with students of the famed Rabbi Isaac Bernays. Aside from his traditional learning, in his teenage years he was educated as an enlightened maskil, becoming well-versed in philosophy, history, and foreign languages. The details are somewhat murky, but on his sister's account he suffered a crisis of faith at that time, and was subsequently spurred to join a Hasidic yeshiva, where he remained for several years, later marrying into a Hasidic family. He immersed himself in various Hasidic courts, finally joining the Tiferet Shlomo, R. Shlomo Rabinowitz of Radomsk, and settling in Krakow. It is important to note how unique this trajectory is, as it was extremely uncommon for intellectually oriented Jews to shift into a Hasidic lifestyle and worldview at that time.
As noted, Marcus' accomplishments over the course of his life were manifold. He was a prolific author across many fields (sometimes writing under the alias Verus, meaning Truth). He wrote a book on psychological and philosophical matters in Hasidut based on Eduard von Hartmann's psychological work on the conscious and subconscious (Vienna, 1888). Among his findings (which were discussed in this recent article by Prof. Shalom Rosenberg), he argued that miracles can be understood on the basis of the power of suggestion. His training in history and ancient languages supported his study of the ancient period and Judaism, as he published several works, including a series on Flavius Josephus und seine Zeit, studying the great Jewish historian Josephus in historical context, and Kadmoniyot (Krakow, 1896-97) on Mesopotamian archeology and its ramifications on biblical and rabbinic Judaism, where he used the Tel el-Amarna letters to support the biblical account of the situation in Egypt and Canaan. Fusing his philosophical/psychological and historical/linguistic interests, Marcus also wrote a work on the history and psychology of language entitled Barzilai, or Language as the Writing of the Soul (Berlin 1905f.; Heb. 1983), which includes questions in comparative Semitics and the development of the Hebrew language (including the claim that the Semitic root is originally bilateral), but also more traditional and psychological perspectives.
Marcus' scope of writing was not limited to the adventurous, however. He also authored several traditional Torah studies, including an extended commentary on the Bible and the Mishnah entitled Keset ha-Sofer (Krakow 1912f.), which was mostly lost in the ravages of the Holocaust. Additionally, he published an edition of R. Jacob ha-Levy's Shu”t min ha-Shamayim, providing his own substantive introduction and commentary, also entitled Keset ha-Sofer (1895). In addition, Marcus published numerous monographs, on topics as varied as Darwinism and biblical criticism (which he vehemently opposed). He wrote on political matters as well, founding the monthly Krakauer Jüdische Zeitung in 1898 and writing prolifically for that journal, primarily on Zionist issues.
Indeed, Marcus was very active in the early Zionist movement. Joshua Shanes's article, “Ahron Marcus: Portrait of a Zionist Hasid,” lays out his fascinating trajectory in that movement, which is presented here. Marcus was first drawn to Religious Zionism in 1882, joining the Hibbat Zion movement and establishing the Rosh Pina society that supported the Jewish settlement in the Holy Land. In doing so he followed the Ruzhiner and Belzer Hasidic courts, as he did in dialing back his support in the wake of the Shemita controversy of 1888. Along with Nathan Birnbaum, he was the first chairman of the local Chovevei Eretz Yisrael society.
However, Marcus' Zionism reached its peak, in a sense, upon his reading Theodor Herzl's Der Judenstaat in 1896, on which he lectured on the following year. Breaking with Mahzikei ha-Dat, the Orthodox communal organization, Marcus spent the next four years in lengthy correspondence and personal friendship with Herzl, discussing theoretical matters but, most importantly, the possibility of bringing Eastern European traditionalists into alliance with the Zionist movement. Among Marcus' attempts to convince his Orthodox confreres of the value of Zionism were his assertions that Herzl would not set up a secular state (despite Herzl's clear assertions that he was opposed to establishing a theocracy). He offered robust praise of Herzl asserting that “The wisdom of God is with Dr. Herzl.” Marcus spent significant energies endeavoring to forge an alliance between his Rebbe at the time, David Moshe Friedmann, the Czortkower Rebbe, and Herzl's Zionist movement, toiling in vain to set up a personal meeting between the two.
Ideologically, he combined a certain messianic view idealizing the potential restoration of the Jewish homeland with a down-to-earth position focused on uniting European Jewry around pragmatic alliances. Zionist nationalism should be uncontroversial, Marcus argued, because nationalistic loyalty is simply based on the extension of familial ties, and the ties of the Jewish family are strong. He drafted in support of Zionism both predictable leaders like the avowed Zionist R. Shmuel Mohilever but also the Tosafot Yom Tov (R. Yom Tov Lipmann Heller), building upon his position that the Temple may be built prior to the messianic era. Marcus attributed significance to the Land of Israel, but also saw the Land playing a pragmatic role, offering a means of solving the “Jewish Problem” in Europe. He even supported the possibility of a Jewish State in Cyprus when it seemed the Land of Israel was not on the table.
Unfortunately, the Hasidic-Zionist alliance was not meant to be. The meeting between Herzl and the Czortkower Rebbe never took place. By 1900 several Hasidic leaders explicitly opposed Herzl and his project, Marcus despaired of his great plan, and in 1912 was among the founders of Agudat Yisrael. The road was not travelled, and today a Hasidic ideological Zionism may sound oxymoronic to some.
Ahron Marcus' contribution for which he is the best known came neither in the realm of ancient history nor Zionist activism but in his role as the first historian of Hasidut. His book Der Chassidismus, the first academic work on Hasidism, which treated its various schools, is a well-cited work within both academic and traditional settings.
The book was groundbreaking, in several senses. Most significantly, it was the first systematic work written about Hasidut. While many Hasidic works had been published since the emergence of the Ba'al Shem Tov in early 18th century, this was the first scholarly treatment of the phenomenon. Furthermore, this was no naïve encomium to Hasidism; the book presented the historical development of the various schools, including drawing distinctions between them and considering their various contexts. This was a work of fairly critical scholarship, especially given the era of its publication. There is even a helpful introductory chapter on Kabbalah, as well as studies on pre-Hasidic thinkers such as R. Moshe Taku.
It set the stage by discussing and critically evaluating the various Hasidic groups, as well as by passing on various stories of Hasidic lore, many of which were picked up by later scholars of Hasidism. Der Chassidismus is often the first scholarly authority noted when considering the history of scholarship on a matter of Hasidic import. Although much literature has followed Marcus' most famous book, and despite some of the challenges made as to the accuracy of some of the depictions, Der Chassidismus clearly was the founding text of the field of study of Hasidut, which served to crown Marcus as “the pioneer of Hasidic literature.”
Why have not so many people heard of Ahron Marcus? Part of the reason may relate to the limited available secondary material on his work. Given its position as the founding document in the study of Hasidut, Der Chassidismus has seen the greatest treatment among Marcus' work enjoying multiple publications in Hebrew translation as well as scholarly treatments ranging from fairly early in the study of Hasidut (Moses Tsinovitsh, “R. Aaron Marcus – the Pioneer of Hasidic Literature,” 1933 and Gershom Scholem, “Aharon Marcus ve-ha-Hasidut,” 1954) to contemporary times as well (e.g., Moshe Idel, “Transfers of Categories: The German-Jewish Experience and Beyond,” 2015). Unfortunately, the Hebrew translation (Ha-Hasidut, trans. Moshe Shenfeld, 1980) is organized differently than the original, and censors several passages that had appeared in earlier edition (where Marcus was critical of particular Hasidic groups). This book has somehow not been translated into English, despite its significance as an early treatment of Hasidut, one that is informative of both its subject matter and its author. If someone decided to translate this work, including the censored passages, it would go a long way in opening up Marcus' work to a larger audience.
Marcus' non-Hasidic publications have received even less attention. Several of his works have not been translated into either Hebrew or English, and many have not seen discussion in scholarly literature. Two recent exceptional treatments of his work are the study by Shanes on Marcus' Zionism discussed above and a recent essay in Modern Judaism by Daniel Reiser, “The Encounter in Vienna: Modern Psychotherapy, Guided Imagery, and Hasidism Post-World War I” (2016) on psychological aspects of Marcus' oeuvre (and that of other Hasidic thinkers).
The degree to which this revolutionary figure, replete with paradoxes, has been overlooked by contemporary scholarship is surprising. In a world where scholarship on Hasidut is flourishing, where absolute barriers blocking Haredim from academia are falling, and where Hasidut is often adopted by adolescents with secular educations, the story of Ahron Marcus becomes ever more prescient. Maybe this Hasidic Zionist promoter, first researcher of Hasidut, and Haredi scholar of ancient Judaism – a true polymath – will receive his due in the 102nd year since his passing.
Yehi Zikhro Barukh.
Pork supposedly tastes like human flesh ---Add on to the above comment--- While working for CDS Energy, I flew frequently to Paraguray. During one particular, fateful, flight, when just over Bolivia, the pilot announced that we were going to hit turbulence. I didn't think anything of it as I had been on thousands of flights and little bumps and jumps never bothered me. The seat belt light came on and I had only just buckled up when I heard a loud boom. I pushed open my window shade only to see a fire-encased engine. The plane lost altitude rapidly and we crashed into a dense rain forest. Most of the people on the plane were killed instantly except for myself and a few others. I, along with most of the other survivors, had minor scrapes and bruises. The most serious was a young man with a badly broken leg. The front of the plane had been destroyed, so there was no chance of using the radio for help. We were going to have to walk out of the jungle. A few of the survivors made a stretcher out of materials from the plane and jungle. On the fourth day of walking, we encountered people native to the area. They were too simple to understand our more complex language, but they liked the look of different trinkets we each wore. After some bartering, we seemed to reach an agreement for them to lead us out of the jungle. Later that day, we came upon their encampment. To our horror, discarded bones could be seen lying on the ground in small piles. I realized that the bones belonged not only to different jungle animals, but to human beings as well. That night, they killed and ate the man with the broken leg. We could do nothing but watch with screams of abject terror as they cooked him alive in an open fire in the middle of a clearing. Over the next few weeks, one by one, survivors were taken to meet their grizzly end. Eventually, only three remained. We decided that no matter the risk, we must attempt escape or we would most certainly be killed. One night, we managed to overpower the guards as they came to feed us. I ran into the hut from which they had retrieved our food. I thought that perhaps they would have some sort of primitive cutting tool that I could attempt to use as a weapon. My comrades in arms scattered with the same objective in mind. To my horror, I found the cooked corpse of the last victim. She had bits and pieces missing from her body. I realized then that the food they had been feeding us for weeks was human flesh. Horrified, I ran into the jungle alone. As I was making my way through the jungle, I lost my footing and fell down a steep incline, only to end up in a fast flowing river. I managed to grab a sturdy piece of wood and floated down the river. Eventually, I was able to catch the attention of some fishermen. They rescued me and took me to their small village. I was going to be alright.
Anyway, human flesh does in fact taste like pork, but it's a bit more sweet.
24 people found this useful
Close
Just last month, Sen. Charles Schumer (D-N.Y.) warned that the United States may see a rise in cases of chikungunya and urged health authorities to issue an alert that would facilitate the identification and treatment of the disease.
Chikungunya, a disease transmitted by mosquitoes to humans, seldom occurs in the U.S. as mosquitoes that carry the virus that cause the disease are not commonly found in the continental U.S. Individuals who contract the illness are often those who were bitten by infected mosquitoes while traveling abroad such as in Brazil, Africa and Asia, where chikungunya is prevalent. Cases of the disease were also recently identified in the Caribbean islands early this year.
The mosquito-borne disease, which is marked by fever, muscle pain, rash, joint pain and inflammation, is not fatal in most cases but its symptoms can be long-lasting, depending on the patient's age. Younger patients are more likely to recover faster than older patients. It is an arbovirus, the same type of disease as the West Nile virus spread by mosquitoes.
It appears that it pays to take heed of the senator's warning, as health officials have just confirmed new cases of the chikungunya virus.
A Boston Public Health Commission official confirmed on Saturday that there were four individuals in the Boston area who were diagnosed with chikungunya. The four individuals travelled to the Caribbean islands recently where they likely contracted the disease.
The Boston Public Health Commission has already sent an alert advisory to health service providers so they will be aware of the symptoms, as the disease does not typically occur in Boston. Health officials, however, assured that there is no public health threat because the disease does not spread between humans.
The chikungunya virus is transmitted to people by the same mosquitoes responsible for transmitting dengue fever, the Aedes aegypti and Aedes albopictus mosquitoes. While the virus could theoretically be transmitted through blood transfusion, no such case has yet been reported.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) said that following recent chikungunya outbreaks in the Caribbean and the Pacific, there will likely be an increase in chikungunya cases in the U.S.
"With the recent outbreaks in the Caribbean and the Pacific, the number of chikungunya cases among travelers visiting or returning to the United States from affected areas will likely increase," the CDC said. "These imported cases could result in local spread of the virus in the continental United States."
And while transmission of the chikungunya virus doesn't yet occur in the United States, the CDC and the Pan American Health Organization say the risk for its introduction into local vector mosquito populations is higher than had previously been thought, especially in tropical and subtropical areas where the Ae. aegypti mosquito is common.
That, combined with the general population's lack of exposure to the virus, could raise the risk factors for the introduction and spread of the virus. The agencies have produced guidelines (PDF) to deal with the spread of the virus in the Americas.
ⓒ 2018 TECHTIMES.com All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.
Selectively blacking out the internet to curtail political unrest and organizing is the new normal
Parts of Cameroon are now entering their tenth day without internet access due to a government-ordered blackout that began the night of January 17-18, part of a wider crackdown in the country's Northwest and Southwest provinces, impacting about 5 million people.
Unlike most of Francophone Cameroon, these provinces are predominantly Anglophone, a point that's become a bone of contention as the central government tries to quash talk of federalism, which it regards as illegal separatist agitation, and curtail protests and strike actions by local residents as part of a larger crackdown that has seen mass arrests and civilian casualties since last year.
Activists have dubbed the latest action as “digital apartheid,” as both officials and service providers are staying fairly quiet about the specifics of the blackout. Since internet penetration is so limited in the country, just 11 percent, the focus of the effort is on mobile users: 80% of the population has a cellphone. As such, the government is also sending out mass alerts to people's phones that still have internet access warning them not to spread disinformation or face fines and jail time:
You incur 6 months to 2 years imprisonment, and 5 to 10 million fine if you spread on the social media, information that you can't prove. — MINPOSTEL (@minpostel2035) January 22, 2017
The government also seeks to hinder activists who are organizing strike actions online. (Radio stations have also been shut down for this reason.)
These disruptions have become increasingly common worldwide, as Geektime reported on The Gambia in December, when the now-exiled president, Yahya Jammeh, shut down the internet ahead of an election he lost and, facing a UN-backed military intervention, eventually accepted the results of.
According to The Wire, governments shut down internet access – in part or in full – at least 50 times in 2016, and the tactic will surely gain in popularity this year, too.
In a letter to the Minister of Post and Telecommunication, the director of the state telecommunications company, CAMTEL, wrote that teams were sent to the port cities of Douala, Kribi and Limbé on the night of January 17-18 to enforce the policy. These are the locations housing access points for Cameroon's SAT-3 marine cable, so this mobilization was to ensure that Cameroon's other mobile and internet providers – namely Vodafone-Afrimax, MTN Cameroon, Creolink, Orange Cameroon, and Viettel-Nexttel – would adhere to the government directive, since GAMTEL owns all of Cameroon's fiber-optic infrastructure and the other telcos just lease it.
Large outage in #Cameroon as reports suggest govt-directed blackout following political arrestshttps://t.co/Pbh5TjoqOr pic.twitter.com/M6lH4qJ6qZ — Dyn Research (@DynResearch) January 17, 2017
Over the next few hours, the government temporarily cut all internet traffic nationwide, but then restored it, except for the two restive Anglophone provinces. Julie Owono of Internet Without Borders told Quartz that rather than enforce a nationwide cutoff once the point was made to the telcos, the government employed third party software it had purchased to carry out selective provincial blackouts.
MTN, the largest mobile operator in Cameroon with 57% market share, was one of the companies forced to suspend service, and was also reportedly asked to provide additional information on its customers by the Cameroonian government, but did not.
Vodafone-Afrimax, in contrast, told Internet Without Borders it did not receive any such demands from the government.
By blocking people from email, social media, and banking services the government hopes to make apparent the price for protests. “Some banks, micro-finance houses, ENEO, the lone power utility company, cybercafés, even scammers and other private businesses are feeling the crunch of the Internet famine,” reported the Cameroon Postline, forcing people to travel to neighboring provinces for access.
Additionally, much of Cameroon's digital economy is located in the Southwest provincial capital, Buea, also known as “Silicon Mountain,” so the country's startups are also hurting for every day lost.
Several of Cameroon's neighbors have employed the tactic, and it has also been most prominently on display in Turkey since last summer, in the face of political unrest and terrorist attacks.
Indian startup Bookmychotu.com has expanded its service portfolio and now provides its customers with a 'helper' to stand in long ATM queues for them. This 'helper' will stand in the queues for Rs. 90 per hour on behalf of the customer. This service has caught the attention of many users since long ATM queues are an everyday affair, thanks to the cash crunch caused by the demonetisation of Rs. 500 and Rs. 1,000 currency notes earlier this month.
The Bookmychotu.com service is currently only available in UP, Haryana, and Delhi. To book a 'helper', the user needs to register online or call on +91-8587028869. Once the user receives confirmation, they can easily direct the helper to stand in the ATM queue for them. Debunking name rumours, the startup informs that there are no children employed by the company, and all 'chotus' are above 18 years of age.
Apart from standing in queues, a 'chotu' can be hired for various domestic chores like shifting, cleaning, grocery shopping, market help, house party help, help in a religious get-together, and more. The company further notes that the helper will not enter the bank, and will just stand in the queue for the customer.
Because of demonetisation, the government has capped bank withdrawal limits and this among other reasons has caused ATMs to go out of cash very quickly. Most ATMs refill money at least twice a day, and really long queues form outside as soon as the money is reloaded. Sometimes it takes hours before a user gets to withdraw from the ATM, consuming a lot of time. Bookmychotu has tried to cash in on this recent pain point by offering helpers to wait in these long queues.
Bookmychotu is a startup co-founded by Satjeet Singh Bedi and Govin Kandhari, and currently offers services through its online portal only. The company has announced that an Android app will be launched soon. Also, it's worth noting that there is no clarity on how these 'chotus' are hired, and trusting them with your valued items is advised at users' own discretion.
Seeking to allay possible concern over the name "chotu", which means "little one" in Hindi, Bookmychotu's site has this to say, "Please Note: "Chotu" is just a name and the same is being used for branding purposes. We have no intentions to hurt anyone's sentiments. All Chotus/Helpers are above the age of 18 and they have no objection with this name."
Except for all the faults we can find with OS X's Finder, there's not all that much wrong with using the Finder, except for the obvious.
The Mac's Finder eliminated full length colored labels. Folders and files don't get sorted the way anyone likes in older macOS versions. And, unless you're using Mavericks or Yosemite, cool things like Finder tabs are taboo. Here's how to improve the Finder experience.
Totally Finder, Dude!
Mac users who find the Finder to be somewhat lacking, anemic, or overlooked by Apple's famed engineers and designers are a growing crowd of those with discriminating tastes.
Apple listens. Or, the aforementioned Apple employed folks think they listen. Still missing are sort options, colored labels, even a handy dual-pane window mode.
Fortunately, a few clever Mac app developers have come to our rescue and responded to our growing laundry list of features and functions that Apple forgot (or, in the alternative, doesn't care about, or, thinks they know better anyway).
At the high end of the utility spectrum is an old favorite called Path Finder. That's what the Finder would be if it had superpowers.
It's also expensive and complicated to use, even though it's a good Finder replacement.
Closer to the wishes of the average Mac user is TotalFinder, which isn't really a total Finder replace, and it doesn't really have everything we want the Finder to have, but it has enough of what we want, and nothing we don't.
For Mac users, TotalFinder brings back the much missed full length colored labels (replacing the much maligned colored dot in Mavericks and Yosemite). Mavericks and earlier users can get folder sorting (though not as extensive as in OS X Yosemite). There's also a dual Finder window pane mode that is to die for, and older OS X versions get Chrome-like window tabs.
Many of these are features that show up in OS X Yosemite, and a few in Mavericks, but older macOS versions will benefit greatly from the list in TotalFinder. The only real problem I see is the price tag. It's less than Path Finder, but not nearly as feature laden, and far too many of the most recent functions also show up in OS X Yosemite.
I'd be willing to pay a few bucks for customizable colored app icons in the Finder's Sidebar, though.
Sound bites are funny things. Just ask a politician who's uttered something stupid in front of a Smartphone, and lived to regret it. But here's a sound bite that grabs your attention: “Oh, Allah, liberate the Al-Aqsa mosque from the filth of the Jews.... Oh, Allah, count them one by one and annihilate them down to the very last one.”
Those words, separated by two sentences, were spoken this month by Ammar Shahin, the imam of the Islamic Center at Davis, California. It represented about two minutes of his 52-minute khutbah, or sermon.
When it went up on the mosque's YouTube page, there was, understandably, vehement denunciation from people who accused him of calling for genocide.
The Al-Aqsa mosque is a holy site for both Jews and Muslims in East Jerusalem.
Hate speech is hate speech. It shouldn't be camouflaged by calls to God to do what, clearly, God wouldn't want us to do.
Earlier this month, after two Israeli soldiers were shot to death near the mosque, Israel installed electronic scanners that visitors were required to pass through. Muslim leaders deemed this an insult to their faith and organized protests. This week, Israel removed the scanners.
Shahin told the Washington Post he was calling for the annihilation only of the Jews who were at Al-Aqsa.
So what? If that isn't hate speech, what is? Would a call to eliminate only Muslims who hate America be acceptable under those rules?
That's when funny things started to happen. Arab scholars claimed that Shahin's words were mistranslated by MEMRI, the Middle East Media Research Institute, a not-for-profit group that tracks hate speech in the Middle East and posts videos on its website.
Bellwether asked an Arabic speaker to listen to Shahin's remarks. The verdict: he called for the death of “the Jews.”
Other apologists said the words had to be put in context. Only two minutes of the khutbah called for people to be annihilated. They also noted that the imam was angry.
Then the capper: as a result of the public outcry about the sermon, Muslims in Davis were afraid they might be targeted for violence.
On Friday, Shahin, sounding like a naughty schoolboy in the principal's office, told a news conference in Davis, “I am deeply sorry for the pain I have caused.”
“Islam gets away with everything,” says Nonie Darwish, who was born Muslim but converted to Christianity after 9/11. Along with her apostasy, her book, "Wholly Different: Why I chose biblical values over Islamic values," won her death threats from Muslims.
She adds: “The preachers who make these statements about Jews try to cover up their meaning by saying they're just using the words of the Prophet Muhammed, and no one can criticize what Muhammed said. And to quote Muhammed is pure Islam. They know that and use it.”
Steven Stalinsky, MEMRI's executive director, says this kind of shell-game hate speech goes on all the time.
“He spoke in English and then he goes into Arabic,” Stalinsky told me about Shahin.
“Then people say, ‘It was in reaction to something Israel did, so that justifies it.' But in the sermon he didn't mention exterminating Israelis. He said Jews.”
Stalinsky also notes that Shahin had delivered a similar sermon a week earlier, also posted on YouTube.
Hate speech is hate speech. It shouldn't be camouflaged by calls to God to do what, clearly, God wouldn't want us to do. And it shouldn't be tolerated by any faith.
DALLAS (Reuters) - Former U.S. President George W. Bush on Tuesday entered the debate over the Trans-Pacific Partnership, hosting a forum at his presidential library extolling his successor's Asian free trade deal.
Former U.S. President George W. Bush speaks on stage during the Symposium on Invisible Wounds at the Invictus Games in Orlando Florida, U.S., May 8, 2016. REUTERS/Carlo Allegri
Bush, who signed several such accords during his two terms in office, met with U.S. Trade Representative Michael Froman before the event to promote the strategic benefits of the agreement.
President Barack Obama is still pushing for Congress to approve the 12-country TPP following the Nov. 8 presidential election, even though both Republican Donald Trump and Democrat Hillary Clinton oppose it.
Bush, who has largely stayed out of the campaign - in which Trump's anti-trade rhetoric fueled his rise to the Republican nomination - did not attend the forum at the George W. Bush Institute in Dallas.
“I'm very grateful for him welcoming me to this institute and having the institute host this important conversation,” Froman told the audience of largely business people after his meeting with Bush. “And I'm very grateful for his support of free trade as well.”
Ken Hersh, director of the Bush Institute, called TPP “a no-brainer on a whole host of fronts.”
The forum followed a similar event on Monday night in Houston where Froman enlisted the help of another Republican free-trader, James Baker, who served the administrations of Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush as secretary of the Treasury and secretary of state, respectively.
“Both major party candidates for the presidency oppose the Trans-Pacific Partnership, or TPP. And guess what? They're both wrong,” Baker, 86, said at the Rice University institute that bears his name.
“I've often found myself in disagreement with President Obama. But on TPP I am with him, and I am with him 100 percent,” Baker added.
In a speech at the Houston event, Froman emphasized the need for TPP as a counterbalance to China's growing economic and political influence in Asia, citing its own regional trade deal and more assertive stance in the South China Sea.
“If we don't act, it will create a vacuum. These economies aren't going to stand still. Beijing will step in to fill the void,” Froman said.
At the Bush Institute, Susan Schwab, who served as George W. Bush's last trade representative, said failure to pass TPP would mark an abdication of U.S. leadership.
“There are countries out there that would dearly love to see the United States fall on its face by not enacting, by not ratifying this deal,” she said.
Share with friends and colleagues on social media
It was November 28, 2016 when I came across an article on TechRepublic which talked about Microsoft's plans for the future of Linux and Bash on Windows 10. The first read made me feel uncomfortable (I can't really say why) but after the second read I started believing that this is in fact a great opportunity. Running Linux binaries natively on Windows … that sounds awesome indeed. However, it's quite unfortunate that Microsoft enabled the wrong Linux (that's my personal opinion) by default within the Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL) and it is time to change it to the real stuff.
If you are one of those people who say: “Wait a second, I'm running SUSE Linux on my desktop / laptop already and I'm not using Windows 10 by any means” then you might want to stop reading now because you are already there. But we cannot neglect the reality that Windows is running on most of those devices and it's hard to have both Windows and Linux truly accessible at the same time. You'd either have to go with a dual boot setup, or you may leverage virtualization and run a Linux VM on Windows (or vice versa), or you might be familiar with Cygwin allowing you to run recompiled Linux binaries on Windows. All of those options have their advantages and disadvantages – so do we need another one?
Yes, we do. But we need one; the integrated one leveraging the green Linux from SUSE. Why SUSE? Well, SUSE knows what they are doing because they have been in the Linux business since 1992. Try to find a Linux “vendor” (or in that sense, distributor) which is older. You won't. There aren't any. OK, enough with the self-praise. Let's get started.
Assuming that you are running Windows 10 already, there are simple steps you have to follow to install a SUSE Linux distribution inside WSL (as always, I'm sure there are easier ways to achieve the same. Feel free to use the comment function to let everyone know how you do it differently). You have currently two options, openSUSE Leap 42.2 and SUSE Linux Enterprise Server 12 SP2. I'll describe the process for openSUSE Leap 42.2 below (it works the same way for SUSE Linux Enterprise Server 12 SP2, just with another archive to download and extract):
Enable the Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL): A great step-by-step guide can be found here: https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/commandline/wsl/install_guide. During the installation you will need to create a non-root user and password. I'll refer to this user as <linux_user> in the next steps.
Download the openSUSE docker userspace: $ wget -O openSUSE-42.2.tar.xz https://github.com/openSUSE/docker-containers-build/blob/openSUSE-42.2/docker/openSUSE-42.2.tar.xz?raw=true
Open the bash shell, which you find in your Windows Start menu under “Bash on Ubuntu on Windows” (click the Windows button, type “bash” and then hit Enter). True, it's still Ubuntu but we only need to run a few commands there before we can replace it.
Extract the openSUSE userspace (ignore any warnings) and exit the bash shell: $ sudo mkdir rootfs $ sudo tar -C rootfs -Jxf openSUSE-42.2.tar.xz $ exit
Backup the old rootfs (Ubuntu) and copy the new openSUSE rootfs. Open a Command Prompt window (Windows key, enter “cmd” and hit Enter) and run the following commands: cd %localappdata%\lxss\ rename rootfs rootfs.ubuntu move .\home\<linux_user>\rootfs .\
The new openSUSE userspace will, of course, not include the user that you created when you installed Bash for Windows, nor does it have things like ‘sudo'. To start just set ‘root' as the default user. While still in the Command Prompt window run the following: lxrun /setdefaultuser root When exiting the command prompt, start bash from the start menu (Windows key, enter “bash” and hit Enter) and you have your openSUSE Leap 42.2 environment running within WSL.
Now let's also change the orange icon to a cool green one. The one I'm using is coming from iconarchive.com and can be found through this link: http://www.iconarchive.com/show/nuoveXT-icons-by-saki/Apps-suse-icon.html
Download the .ico file and copy it to %localappdata%\lxss\. In a command shell execute the commands (or simply use Windows Explorer, whichever suits you best): cd %localappdata%\lxss\ rename bash.ico Ubuntu.ico rename Saki-NuoveXT-Apps-suse.ico bash.ico
Now you're done. Without a reboot, the Windows start menu continues to show the old, orange icon. You could rebuild the start menu index or just wait until your next reboot. If anyone knows how to update the icon which is shown when using the search (Windows button, enter “bash”), let me know.
Last but not least, let's navigate to %AppData%\Microsoft\Windows\Start Menu\Programs and give the entry a proper name. I called the entry “Bash on SUSE on Windows”.
So now that we have – in my opinion – the proper Linux placed inside the WSL, it is time to do a little more with it. Let's take a look into getting the user setup straight with part 2.
Table of contents:
The Nanny States of America want to help you stay focused while driving. Those pesky navigation apps, with their accurate and easy to update maps, voice control and voice guided abilities are just too distracting for drivers.
The Growth America Act would give the Department of Transportation's National Highway Traffic Safety Administration the the ability to regulate how you interact with car navigation devices and apps, according to Reason.
As highlighted in a recent feature by CNN Money, the DOT had this to say:
“Safety is our top priority,” the Department of Transportation said in a statement. “We're working to address all forms of distraction to reduce the amount of deaths and ensure drivers keep their eyes on the road and hands on the wheel.”
While I hope other drivers minimize distraction in the car, I don't foresee regulating driving distractions working. Although what exactly will be regulated (and how) isn't apparent at the moment, the idea that the government can reduce car accidents by preventing driver distractions seems implausible, considering other things they've tried to regulate such as texting and driving laws, security at airports, health care and now, potentially, salt. Making things even more wary, is that it was only about two years ago when Congress' ignorance about the Internet and technology reared it's ugly head with the Stop Online Piracy Act. And there is also the failure that was the Obamacare website. I just don't have a lot of confidence in the government to involve itself with technology (not that it ever should).
It would be great to hear responses from Apple and Google about this new development, but they are mum on the subject, according to the New York Times.
The automobile industry is already on board—they have regulations in place, so they are used to it. And with that in mind, don't look to the auto industry to back you up on why this is a terrible idea—because they aren't your friend either.
From the New York Times:
The measure has the support of automakers, which already mostly comply with voluntary guidelines for built-in navigation systems, but it has run into stiff opposition from technology companies, which say that any such law would be impractical and impossible to enforce. It's another example, they say, of federal regulators trying vainly to keep up with a rapidly changing industry.
And from to the Daily Tech:
Not surprisingly, automobile manufacturers are fully behind the government on this proposal, as many already voluntarily adhere to strict guidelines regarding distracted driving (this is why navigation-equipped vehicles pop up a warning screen when you start of the vehicle, or lock you out from entering in a new destination or changing a waypoint while the vehicle is in motion). Gloria Bergquist, a spokeswoman for the Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers, added, “We believe that if you're looking at a smaller screen, that's less effective than looking at a larger screen on the dashboard.” Auto manufacturers would also love to see the playing field leveled, as more and more drivers are forgoing navigation packages on vehicles — which can run into the thousands of dollars — in favor of their smartphones. And there's also the fact that smartphone navigation apps and maps are updated much more frequently than in-car navigation systems (and who wants to pay $100 for a map update DVD) and provide a greater feature set than even the most advanced in-car systems can muster.
More regulation would definitely stifle technological innovation—and it's no surprise that the auto industry is backing the government for less than pure reasons—to be more competitive. Innovations in technology are what's needed to create safer driving. We are on our way there. Cell phone based technology is much less expensive than the fancy in-car systems or GPS devices in which automobile manufacturers have invested. If I'm driving, I don't need to look away from the road to bring up Siri in order to shoot someone a quick text. There are also cars or devices for cars, which use bluetooth technology to allow people to make or answer hands-free phone calls. But if I am required to use an in-dash navigation system, the car company can charge me thousands extra for the “feature.”
I've used both Google Maps and Apple Maps with the cellphone secure in a car mount. It is less distracting because it's at eye level and I'm not having to hold my phone. I'm also less likely to look at my phone thanks to the turn-by-turn voice navigation. If I do, it's to see how many miles I have to drive or to make sure I'm turning at the right time. But I don't need an expensive, large screen to help with navigation. If messing with maps becomes too complicated, I simply pull over to get my bearings. It's good to have that choice if it's your thing—but ultimately, if I'm concerned about my safety and that of others, I'll do what it takes to avoid distractions.
It's also impossible to eliminate all distractions unless you have a law enforcement officer sitting in the passenger seat to make sure you're not getting distracted. But seriously, what's next? Regulating eating and drinking while driving?
eNews is a bi-monthly newsletter with fun information about SentryOne, tips to help improve your productivity, and much more.
The SQLPerformance.com bi-weekly newsletter keeps you up to speed on the most recent blog posts and forum discussions in the SQL Server community.
So far in this series, I have demonstrated the direct physical impact to the page when upsizing from int to bigint , and then iterated through several of the common blockers to this operation. In this post, I wanted to examine two potential workarounds: one simple, and one incredibly convoluted.
The Easy Way
I was robbed of my thunder a little bit in a comment on my previous post – Keith Monroe suggested that you could just reseed the table to the lower negative bound of the integer data type, doubling your capacity for new values. You can do this with DBCC CHECKIDENT :
DBCC CHECKIDENT ( N'dbo.TableName' , RESEED , - 2147483648 ) ;
This could work, assuming the surrogate values don't have meaning to end users (or, if they do, that users won't be freaked out by suddenly getting negative numbers). I suppose you could fool them with a view:
CREATE VIEW dbo . ViewName AS SELECT ID = CONVERT ( bigint , CASE WHEN ID < 0 THEN ( 2147483648 * 2 ) - 1 + CONVERT ( bigint , ID ) ELSE ID END ) FROM dbo . TableName ;
This means that the user who added ID = -2147483648 would actually see +2147483648 , the user who added ID = -2147483647 would see +2147483649 , and so on. You would have to adjust other code though to be sure to make the reverse calculation when the user passes in that ID , e.g.
ALTER PROCEDURE dbo . GetRowByID @ID bigint AS BEGIN SET NOCOUNT ON ; DECLARE @RealID bigint ; SET @RealID = CASE WHEN @ID > 2147483647 THEN @ID - ( 2147483648 * 2 ) + 1 ELSE @ID END ; SELECT ID , @ID /*, other columns */ FROM dbo . TableName WHERE ID = @RealID ; END GO
I'm not crazy about this obfuscation. At all. It's messy, misleading, and error-prone. And it encourages having visibility into surrogate keys – generally, IDENTITY values should not be exposed to end users, so they really shouldn't care if they are customer 24, 642, -376, or much larger numbers on either side of zero.
This "solution" also assumes that you don't have code anywhere that orders by the IDENTITY column in order to present the most recently inserted rows first, or infers that the highest IDENTITY value must be the newest row. Code that does rely on the sort order of the IDENTITY column, either explicitly or implicitly (which might be more than you think if it's the clustered index), will no longer present the rows in expected order – it will show all the rows created after the RESEED , starting with the first, and then it will show all the rows created before the RESEED , starting with the first.
The primary benefit of this approach is that it doesn't require you to change the data type, and as a result, the RESEED change does not require any changes to indexes, constraints, or inbound foreign keys.
The downside – in addition to the code changes mentioned above, of course – is that this only buys you time in the short term. Eventually you'll exhaust all of the negative integers available, too. And don't think this doubles the useful life of the current version of the table in terms of time – in a lot of cases, data growth is accelerating, not staying constant, so you'll use up the next 2 billion rows a lot faster than the first 2 billion.
A Harder Way
Another approach you could take is to stop using an IDENTITY column altogether; instead you could convert to using a SEQUENCE . You could create a new bigint column, set the default to the next value from a SEQUENCE , update all of those values with the values from the original column (in batches if necessary), drop the original column, and rename the new column. Let's create this fictitious table and insert a single row:
CREATE TABLE dbo . SequenceDemo ( ID int IDENTITY ( 1 , 1 ) , x char ( 1 ) , CONSTRAINT PK_SD_Identity PRIMARY KEY CLUSTERED ( ID ) ) ; GO INSERT dbo . SequenceDemo ( x ) VALUES ( 'x' ) ;
Next, we'll create a SEQUENCE that starts just beyond the upper bound of an int:
CREATE SEQUENCE dbo . BeyondInt AS bigint START WITH 2147483648 INCREMENT BY 1 ;
Next, the changes in the table necessary to switch to using the SEQUENCE for the new column:
BEGIN TRANSACTION ; -- add a new "identity" column: ALTER TABLE dbo . SequenceDemo ADD ID2 bigint ; GO -- set the new column equal to the existing identity values -- for large tables, may need to do this in batches: UPDATE dbo . SequenceDemo SET ID2 = ID ; -- now make it not nullable and add the default from our SEQUENCE: ALTER TABLE dbo . SequenceDemo ALTER COLUMN ID2 bigint NOT NULL ; ALTER TABLE dbo . SequenceDemo ADD CONSTRAINT DF_SD_Identity DEFAULT NEXT VALUE FOR dbo . BeyondInt FOR ID2 ; -- need to drop the existing PK (and any indexes): ALTER TABLE dbo . SequenceDemo DROP CONSTRAINT PK_SD_Identity ; -- drop the old column and rename the new one: ALTER TABLE dbo . SequenceDemo DROP COLUMN ID ; EXEC sys . sp_rename N'dbo.SequenceDemo.ID2' , N'ID' , 'COLUMN' ; -- now put the PK back up: ALTER TABLE dbo . SequenceDemo ADD CONSTRAINT PK_SD_Identity PRIMARY KEY CLUSTERED ( ID ) ; COMMIT TRANSACTION ;
In this case, the next insert would yield the following results (note that SCOPE_IDENTITY() no longer returns a valid value):
INSERT dbo . SequenceDemo ( x ) VALUES ( 'y' ) ; SELECT Si = SCOPE_IDENTITY ( ) ; SELECT ID , x FROM dbo . SequenceDemo ; /* results Si ---- NULL ID x ---------- - 1 x 2147483648 y */
If the table is large and you need to update the new column in batches instead of the above one-shot transaction, as I've described here – allowing users to interact with the table in the meantime – you'll need to have a trigger in place to override the SEQUENCE value for any new rows that are inserted, so that they continue to match what is output to any calling code. (This also assumes that you still have some room in the integer range to continue accepting some updates; otherwise, if you've already exhausted the range, you'll have to take some downtime – or use the easy solution above in the short term.)
Let's drop everything and start over, then just add the new column:
DROP TABLE dbo . SequenceDemo ; DROP SEQUENCE dbo . BeyondInt ; GO CREATE TABLE dbo . SequenceDemo ( ID int IDENTITY ( 1 , 1 ) , x char ( 1 ) , CONSTRAINT PK_SD_Identity PRIMARY KEY CLUSTERED ( ID ) ) ; GO INSERT dbo . SequenceDemo ( x ) VALUES ( 'x' ) ; GO CREATE SEQUENCE dbo . BeyondInt AS bigint START WITH 2147483648 INCREMENT BY 1 ; GO ALTER TABLE dbo . SequenceDemo ADD ID2 bigint ; GO
And here is the trigger we'll add:
CREATE TRIGGER dbo . After_SequenceDemo ON dbo . SequenceDemo AFTER INSERT AS BEGIN UPDATE sd SET sd . ID2 = sd . ID FROM dbo . SequenceDemo AS sd INNER JOIN inserted AS i ON sd . ID = i . ID ; END
This time, the next insert will continue to generate rows in the lower range of integers for both columns, until all of the pre-existing values have been updated and the rest of the changes have been committed:
INSERT dbo . SequenceDemo ( x ) VALUES ( 'y' ) ; SELECT Si = SCOPE_IDENTITY ( ) ; SELECT ID , ID2 , x FROM dbo . SequenceDemo ; /* results Si ---- 2 ID ID2 x ---- ---- -- 1 NULL x 2 2 y */
Now, we can continue updating the existing ID2 values while new rows continue getting inserted within the lower range:
SET NOCOUNT ON ; DECLARE @r INT = 1 ; WHILE @r > 0 BEGIN BEGIN TRANSACTION ; UPDATE TOP ( 10000 ) dbo . SequenceDemo SET ID2 = ID WHERE ID2 IS NULL ; SET @r = @@ROWCOUNT ; COMMIT TRANSACTION ; -- CHECKPOINT; -- if simple -- BACKUP LOG ... -- if full END
Once we have updated all of the existing rows, we can continue with the rest of the changes, and then drop the trigger:
BEGIN TRANSACTION ; ALTER TABLE dbo . SequenceDemo ALTER COLUMN ID2 BIGINT NOT NULL ; ALTER TABLE dbo . SequenceDemo ADD CONSTRAINT DF_SD_Identity DEFAULT NEXT VALUE FOR dbo . BeyondInt FOR ID2 ; ALTER TABLE dbo . SequenceDemo DROP CONSTRAINT PK_SD_Identity ; ALTER TABLE dbo . SequenceDemo DROP COLUMN ID ; EXEC sys . sp_rename N'dbo.SequenceDemo.ID2' , N'ID' , 'COLUMN' ; ALTER TABLE dbo . SequenceDemo ADD CONSTRAINT PK_SD_Identity PRIMARY KEY CLUSTERED ( ID ) ; DROP TRIGGER dbo . InsteadOf_SequenceDemo COMMIT TRANSACTION ;
Now, the next insert will generate these values:
INSERT dbo . SequenceDemo ( x ) VALUES ( 'z' ) ; SELECT Si = SCOPE_IDENTITY ( ) ; SELECT ID , x FROM dbo . SequenceDemo ; /* results Si ---- NULL ID x ---------- - 1 x 2 y 2147483648 z */
If you have code that relies on SCOPE_IDENTITY() , @@IDENTITY , or IDENT_CURRENT() , it would also have to change, as those values are no longer be populated after an insert – though the OUTPUT clause should continue to work correctly in most scenarios. If you need your code to continue believing the table generates an IDENTITY value, then you could use a trigger to fake this out – however it would only be able to populate @@IDENTITY on insert, not SCOPE_IDENTITY() . This may still require changes, because in most cases, you don't want to rely on @@IDENTITY for anything (so, if you're going to make changes, remove all assumptions about an IDENTITY column at all).
CREATE TRIGGER dbo . FakeIdentity ON dbo . SequenceDemo INSTEAD OF INSERT AS BEGIN SET NOCOUNT ON ; DECLARE @lowestID bigint = ( SELECT MIN ( id ) FROM inserted ) ; DECLARE @sql nvarchar ( max ) = N'DECLARE @foo TABLE(ID bigint IDENTITY(' + CONVERT ( varchar ( 32 ) , @lowestID ) + N',1));' ; SELECT @sql += N'INSERT @foo DEFAULT VALUES;' FROM inserted ; EXEC sys . sp_executesql @sql ; INSERT dbo . SequenceDemo ( ID , x ) SELECT ID , x FROM inserted ; END
Now, the next insert will generate these values:
INSERT dbo . SequenceDemo ( x ) VALUES ( 'a' ) ; SELECT Si = SCOPE_IDENTITY ( ) , Ident = @@IDENTITY ; SELECT ID , x FROM dbo . SequenceDemo ; /* results Si Ident ---- ----- NULL 2147483649 ID x ---------- - 1 x 2 y 2147483648 z 2147483649 a */
With this workaround, you would still need to deal with other constraints, indexes, and tables with inbound foreign keys. Local constraints and indexes are pretty straightforward, but I'll deal with the more complex situation with foreign keys in the next part of this series.
One That Won't Work, But I Wish It Would
ALTER TABLE SWITCH can be a very powerful way to make some metadata changes that are difficult to accomplish otherwise. And contrary to popular belief, this doesn't just involve partitioning, and isn't restricted to Enterprise Edition. The following code will work on Express, and is a method people have used to add or remove the IDENTITY property on a table (again, not accounting for foreign keys and all those other pesky blockers).
CREATE TABLE dbo . WithIdentity ( ID int IDENTITY ( 1 , 1 ) NOT NULL ) ; CREATE TABLE dbo . WithoutIdentity ( ID int NOT NULL ) ; ALTER TABLE dbo . WithIdentity SWITCH TO dbo . WithoutIdentity ; GO DROP TABLE dbo . WithIdentity ; EXEC sys . sp_rename N'dbo.WithoutIdentity' , N'dbo.WithIdentity' , 'OBJECT' ;
This works because the data types and nullability match exactly, and no attention is paid to the IDENTITY attribute. Try to mix data types, though, and things don't work so well:
CREATE TABLE dbo . SourceTable ( ID int IDENTITY ( 1 , 1 ) NOT NULL ) ; CREATE TABLE dbo . TrySwitch ( ID bigint IDENTITY ( 1 , 1 ) NOT NULL ) ; ALTER TABLE dbo . SourceTable SWITCH TO dbo . TrySwitch ;
This results in:
Msg 4944, Level 16, State 1
ALTER TABLE SWITCH statement failed because column 'ID' has data type int in source table 'dbo.SourceTable' which is different from its type bigint in target table 'dbo.TrySwitch'.
It would be fantastic if a SWITCH operation could be used in a scenario like this, where the only difference in schema didn't actually *require* any physical changes to accommodate (again, as I showed in part 1, the data is re-written onto new pages, even though there is no need to do so).
Conclusion
This post investigated two potential workarounds to either buy you time before changing your existing IDENTITY column, or abandoning IDENTITY altogether right now in favor of a SEQUENCE . If neither of these workarounds are acceptable to you, please watch for part 4, where we'll tackle this problem head-on.
—
[ Part 1 | Part 2 | Part 3 | Part 4 ]
Today, Friday December 15, musician Jónsi from the world-renowned band Sigur Rós wil open up an inventive and exciting design store with his family, right in the heart of Reykjavík.
The store, which is name Fischer, will, however, be more than just a store and instead it will tread the line between art and design space.
“The people behind the store are my siblings Jónsi, Ingibjörg and Sigurrós and I, along with our parents, spouses and family,” said photographer Lilja Birgisdóttir. “The idea was born, as so many are, over the fourth glass of red wine during a family gathering, but we talked about doing something together for years. When Jónsi moved in part to Los Angeles, his studio on Fischersund stood empty so we decided to just do it.”
Art and commerce
There will be plenty of different items to choose from, so everyone should be able to find something to their liking. But even if you have maxed out the credit card on way to expensive Christmas presents, there is still plenty to enjoy.
“It is basically a store and an art space under the same roof. We put great emphasis on a holistic experience and try to engage with all the senses,” said Lilja. “For instance, we created a special fragrance that fills the sense. We also had many family members, including Jónsi, Sindri Sin Fang, Alex Sommers and Kjartan Holm make music for the space. In reality this is a store you can use even if you don't buy anything.”
Fischer opens with a worthy celebration on Friday December 15, with a showcase of what will possibly become the flagship of design in Reykjavík.
Go Fischer!
Here is a link to the event.
The Civil War Within Syria's Civil War
RAS AL-AYN, Syria — “Quick, run, run,” shouts Kurdish commander Roshna Akeed, as she orders two young female fighters to move toward a brick wall that represents the front line between Kurdish forces and al Qaeda-linked militants in this northern Syrian town.
Six male Kurdish fighters are already guarding this part of the front. They have removed some of the bricks from the five foot-high wall, and their guns peak through small holes toward the enemy, which is positioned in a hamlet roughly one-third of a mile away.
At the moment when the two female fighters arrive, the shooting erupts. One girl sporting a ponytail runs to the right, sticks her Kalashnikov through a hole in the wall and opens fire. Her male colleagues are also firing now. One man shoots through a hole in the wall while sitting on a white plastic chair. On the back of the chair is written in Arabic: “I love you until death.”
As if Syria does not have enough war already, fighting recently broke out in the northeast of the country between Kurdish forces and radical Islamists — both of whom are no friends of President Bashar al-Assad's regime. In Ras al-Ayn, all the country's problems come together: The town not only sits on the front lines of fighting between Kurds and Arabs, it is also located right on the edge of the Syrian-Turkish border. The Kurdish fighters in Syria are separated from Turkey's border troops — traditionally the implacable enemies of any form of Kurdish separatism — by only a 5-centimeter-thick iron gate.
The result is a civil war within a civil war. As the United States prepares for a military intervention in response to what it says was an Aug. 21 chemical weapons attack by the Assad regime on the eastern Damascus suburbs, it is just this sort of divides that could give American policymakers headaches for months and years to come. While U.S. President Barack Obama's administration has signaled that any strike will not aim to topple Assad, deeper U.S. involvement in the country's two-and-a-half-year civil war will mean more than a few Tomahawk missiles lobbed at military installations in Damascus – it will require grappling with the sectarian and ethnic divides that promise to define Syria's future.
For the Kurdish fighters in Ras al-Ayn, there is no doubt which side the United States should support.
“We are fighting America's war on terror right here on the ground,” says Kurdish fighter Dijwar Osman. “Our enemies are those al Qaeda fighters who want to destroy our 4,000-year-old Kurdish culture. These jihadists come from Belgium, Holland, Morocco, Libya, and other countries. Unfortunately, the U.S. and Turkey are on the side of al Qaeda, just like the U.S. was on al Qaeda's side in Afghanistan during the '80's.”
The fights erupted after Syria's 2 million Kurds declared “self-governance” this past June in a region the Kurds call “Western Kurdistan” or “Rojava,” which is Kurdish for “where the sun sets.”
Kurds account for 10 percent of Syria's population, making them the country's largest ethnic minority. And they have turned Rojava, which covers roughly 10 percent of the country, into a de facto Kurdish mini-state: They have their own army and police here, names of towns have been changed from Arabic to Kurdish, and the Kurdish language is being taught in schools — something that was forbidden under the Assad regime.
While the Assad regime and the mainly Islamist Syrian opposition are engaged in a fight to the death elsewhere in the country, they are both staunchly opposed to Kurdish separatist ambitions. Both sides consider the self-governance declaration a first step toward Kurdish independence and a possible break-up of Syria. The move also alarmed the authorities of neighboring country Turkey, which is home to the world's largest Kurdish population and has a long history of violent Kurdish separatism.
The only way to enter Rojava is to sneak in illegally from Turkey or Iraq. We waited in the fields until soldiers weren't on the lookout and then followed a local smuggler across the no-man's land between the countries: We not only jumped a barbed wire fence but also traversed a narrow sand path through a minefield. As we crossed, the smuggler pointed to the area outside the path, saying “boom, boom” by way of warning.
In the town of Rumeilan, about 12 miles from the border with Iraq, you can hear the sound of outgoing mortars. “These go to the Islamists,” says Aras Xani, a teacher at a local school who carries a pistol for protection.
“We Kurds are neutral,” Aras continues. “We aren't with the regime, and we aren't with the rebels. The regime and the opposition are fighting a sectarian war, which can last decades. We don't want to have anything to do with it. We speak of the Kurdish Spring, not the Arabic Spring.”
Although there is not much destruction in Rojava, the situation is far from normal here. In Rumeilan, the main street is barricaded by metal garbage containers — a precaution against Islamist-made car bombs.
Al Qaeda-linked groups have started kidnapping Kurds in the area. Two of Aras's uncles have been taken after Jabhat al-Nusra, the Syrian al Qaeda affiliate, attacked their family home. During our visit, Aras's mother sat expectantly on the floor in the living room next to a green phone, waiting for the latest information about them. Only five miles down the road, heavy fighting continues between Kurds and Islamists for control over the Syria-Iraq border town of Yarubiya.
Despite these problems, Aras is happy and proud of this Kurdish enclave. “I am now a Kurdish teacher in the same school where I as a child was not allowed to speak Kurdish,” he says. “Look, that is what I call victory.”
Aras's brother, Sores, is head of Rumeilan's police force. He meets us at his new office inside the former Syrian state oil complex, wearing a new police uniform. “Not Assad, but the Islamists are now our biggest enemy,” he says. “The Assad regime only oppressed us. The jihadists want to exterminate us.”
According to the police commander, the Kurds did not have a choice when they opted for self-governance. “The war created a vacuum. There was no authority,” he explains, “What we have on the ground is not separatism, but self-administrative areas. We are just filling up this vacuum. We don't want to separate. We want to get our rights and stay within Syria.”
And they have filled this vacuum with alacrity. On the roads through Kurdish territory in Syria, heavily-armed Kurdish defense units (YPG) stand guard over checkpoints every six miles or so. The YPG is the unofficial army of Rojava; most members are local Syrian Kurds, but they have also been joined by Kurds from Iraq and Turkey.
Most of the YPG fighters wear buttons of Abdullah Ocalan, the jailed leader of Turkey's Kurdish Workers Party (PKK), a staunchly secular Kurdish nationalist organization that has long waged a guerilla war against the Turkish state. As a result, it has been designated as a terrorist organization by Turkey, the United States, and the European Union.
“We are not a threat to Syria's unity,” says Sinam Muhammad, a pro-YPG politician and a member of the Higher Kurdish Council in the town of Qamishli, 30 miles west of Rumeilan.
Nor does Muhammad, one of the top leaders within Rojava, believe that the burgeoning Kurdish movement in Syria is a threat to Turkey. “It is in Turkey's interest to have safe borders,” she said. “But until now Turkey is supporting radical fighters, not the Kurds. This I find very strange, because these extremists might turn against Turkey any moment. These Islamists say they want to topple the Assad regime — but Assad is in the heart of each of them.”
At least 40 percent of the YPG fighters are women, and they are organized in units called the YPJ. Kurdish men and women fighters have separate barracks where they prepare for war, but they fight in mixed-gender units on the front lines. Women also command units comprised of men and women throughout the Kurdish areas.
“These al Qaeda guys go crazy when they hear that we are women fighters,” says Roshna Akeed, the YPG commander who leads the Kurds on the frontlines of Ras al-Ayn. She notes that the Islamists benefit from thousands of volunteers from Europe and the Middle East, but the imbalance in numbers does not bother her. “Yes, they have quantity,” she says. “But they are lousy fighters. They are unorganized. It is easy for us to kill them.”
The Kurds, however, have not been successful in beating back the Islamists everywhere. In northern Syrian cities like Aleppo and Raqqa, the Kurds have lost territory. In the countryside around Aleppo, meanwhile, YPG officials say Kurdish towns have been ethnically cleansed by Islamists. Most Kurds in and around Aleppo have fled to the town of Afrin — which is itself partly surrounded by Islamists and is not connected to the main parts of Kurdish territory.
But at least in Ras al-Ayn, the YPG is winning. On July 17 it kicked al Qaeda-linked groups out of the town. “Kurds and Islamists first both controlled it,” remembers YPG spokesman Redur Xelil. “But the Islamists became more and more aggressive. They destroyed places where alcohol was for sale. They started to forbid women to walk on the street without a veil. What kind of revolution is that?”
The Kurdish victory, however, came at a high cost for the town. Most of the civilians of Ras al-Ayn have escaped and now wander the country as refugees. The Sunni Arab population of the town generally went west, to the areas under control of the Free Syrian Army and Islamist groups. The Kurdish civilians of Ras al-Ayn went east, deeper into YPG territory and toward the border with Iraq, where Kurds live in relative safety.
Ras al-Ayn is now a ghost town. Many walls are still covered with Islamist slogans. YPG fighters have erased some of them and added their own: “Kurds and Christians will always be friends” is scrawled next to one church.
During the night, sounds of shooting and shelling between the YPG forces and Jabhat al-Nusra in the neighboring western villages often fills the air. And if there isn't shooting, Ras al-Ayn residents are often woken by the rumble of Turkish tanks.
Everyone is worried about what will happen in this slice of land. Syrian Islamists are concerned that the Kurds will break up Syria and start their own country. Turkey is worried that an independent Kurdistan in Syria will give a new momentum to separatist aspirations among Turkey's own 30 million Kurds. And the Syrian Kurds themselves fear that their tenuous new independence will be obliterated by the powerful forces that surround them. As the United States expands its role in Syria, how it will deal with this war's many complexities remains to be seen.
The breach of data comes from the Australian Red Cross Blood Service and dates back to 2010. Credit:Dallas Kilponen A text message sent to people potentially affected by the Red Cross data breach. Red Cross Blood Service chief executive Shelly Park blamed human error by a contractor running the organisation's website for the breach but said the information was considered to have a low risk of direct misuse in the future. The data was available online since early September and is believed to have been accessed on Monday, October 24. Investigations are continuing and the Australian Federal Police and Australian Cybersecurity Centre have been informed of the breach.
"On October 26, we learnt that a file, containing donor information,which was located on a development website, was left unsecured by a contracted third party who develops and maintains our website," Ms Park said. "The issue occurred due to human error. Consequently, this file was accessed by a person outside of our organisation." Ms Park said the organisation had engaged cybersecurity experts to investigate how it was "caught out" and was in the process of notifying donors affected. Donors affected have been warned there is an increased risk to their online security and that they should be on the lookout for phone and email scams. "We are extremely sorry. We are deeply disappointed to have put our donors in this position," Ms Park said.
Online security blogger Troy Hunt, who runs a data breach notification service, reported the person who gained access to the information had contacted him, revealing Mr Hunt's own personal details and a 1.74GB data file containing the records. His name, email, gender, date of birth, phone number and date of last donation were disclosed in the file. This was also the case with his wife, whose file also contained her blood type and their home address. "The database backup was published to a publicly facing website. This is really the heart of the problem because no way, no how should that ever happen," he wrote in a blog post. Mr Hunt said he had deleted his copy of the information and the person who gave it to him had agreed to do the same. The Red Cross said, to their knowledge, "all known copies of the data have been deleted".
Some exposed data could contain the highly sensitive eligibility questions, including: "In the last 12 months, have you engaged in any at-risk sexual behaviour?" Donors are also asked if they have ever injected recreational drugs, are on antibiotics, if they are under or overweight and if they have undergone any surgical procedures. Australian Privacy Commissioner Timothy Pilgrim announced a probe into the breach on Friday afternoon. "I will be opening an investigation into this matter and will work with the Red Cross to assist them in addressing the issues arising from this incident. "The results of that investigation will be made public at its conclusion," he said in a statement.
"My office encourages voluntary notification of data breaches, particularly where there is a risk to an individual as a result of a breach." Human Rights lawyer George Newhouse said the privacy commissioner had the power to order damages and apologies. Adjunct Professor Newhouse also said his office was considering mounting legal action for those affected. "We're looking into a class action on behalf of those who have had their data unlawfully accessed," he said. "On the basis that they've had their privacy breached."
Even basic personal information could lead to identity fraud but it was worse for anyone who's sexual or medical history had been compromised, he said. "This is highly sensitive personal information that could cause enormous embarrassment to people in their personal and work lives. This incident highlights how vulnerable organisations and individuals are to unauthorised access." A Health Department spokeswoman said she was confident the blood service would recover. "The ARCBS is a long-standing institution who are charged with ensuring a viable donor base, safe collection, processing and distribution of blood and blood products," she said. "We are confident that the ARCBS will be able to recover from this incident, build the confidence of the donor base and ensure that the safety and security of their systems are robust and compliant with privacy and confidentiality requirements."
Corporate conspiracy to keep you sick and diseased
The bigger picture: What are YOU invested in?
Can you pass the investment integrity test?
(NaturalNews) Did you ever wonder how health insurance companies drum up future business? It's easy: Just invest in companies whose products cause chronic degenerative disease, driving people towards more health care needs and therefore more health insurance.And that's exactly what the health insurance industry is doing. A new article published in thereveals that U.S. and Canadian health insurance giants own nearlyworth of stock in fast food giants like McDonald's, Burger King, KFC, Taco Bell and others.So profits made by health insurance companies are reinvested in industries that make people sick and diseased, bringing them back to buy more health insurance down the road. It's a pretty clever business model for an industry that seems focused on the almighty dollar and obviously has no concern whatsoever for the actual health status of its customers. If anything, these health insurance companies hope you get sicker!These unholy alliances among corporate giants that conspire to keep you sick are more common than you think. In addition to health insurance companies owning billions of dollars worth of shares in fast food companies, pharmaceutical companies now own major shares of popular vitamin companies -- the ones that produce the cheap, useless chemical vitamin supplements sold at places like Wal-Mart and Walgreens.Investors in the mainstream media are some of the same companies that own medical imaging equipment manufactures that produce mammography machines and CT scans, too. And did you know that the American Dental Association owns patents on materials used in, which is one of the reasons why the ADA continues to push for installing toxic mercury into the mouths of children? ( http://pnwf.org/Dentistry_Mercury_Columns.pd... This ownership of fast food companies by the health insurance corporate giants demonstrates a deeply disturbing fact about the entire sick-care industry:rather than health. If they can make an extra buck feeding you the very junk foods that arecancer, heart disease, diabetes and strokes, they will absolutely jump on that profit bandwagon no matter what the cost in human lives, pain and suffering.There's an even bigger story to all this, by the way. While it seems altogether contradictory that health insurance companies would invest in fast food chains, the disturbing truth is that many institutional investors hold billions of dollars worth of shares in. Your very own mutual funds may hold large positions in Big Pharma. Even your employer may be investing your pension funds in vaccine-pushing corporations.Right now might be a good time, in fact, to review whatever investments you might have andPersonally, I don't have a single dime invested in any drug company, oil company, junk food company or fast food chain. I prefer to focus on "green" investments that support the things I believe in: Renewable energy, nutrition companies, etc. Did you know that Cyanotech, the Hawaii company that makes spirulina, is a public company? You can actually own stock in Cyanotech (I don't, but only because I don't want a conflict of interest when I write about them). Vitacost.com is also a public company, as are many companies in the natural products space.If you own mutual fund shares, you might be surprised to find out where your money is being invested. You actually have to research it a bit to find out where these mutual funds redirect your money. Most of them invest in Big Pharma in one way or another.Remember that every dollar pumped into the pharmaceutical industry is another dollar that will be used to further expand the medical enslavement of the population through vaccines, medications, chemotherapy and other dangerous chemical treatments. The best way to protect the health of future generations is toby refusing to buy their products or stock shares.It's easy to criticize health insurance companies for investing in fast food chains, but it takes some courage and maturity to reviewinvestments and make sure they're all supporting the right companies.One thing I've learned about people in this world is that some people are so incredibly greedy and selfish that they'll put their money anywhere that makes them the most money, regardless of where it's being invested. Even some people in the natural health industry are that way, I've learned: If they could get a 15% annual return by investing in Big Pharma, they'd do it!So here's something to ask yourself. It's an, actually: If you could make a 5% annual return investing in renewable energy, or a 15% annual return investing in a vaccine-pushing drug company, which one would youchoose to invest in? Consider, too, that your investments are private and no one would really know what you invested in.If you can honestly say you would gladly earnby supporting more natural and health-friendly companies, then you pass the test and you can consider yourself one of the few in our world who truly operate with integrity.ABC NewsAmerican Journal of Public Health
Marcus 'Buchecha' Almeida vs Eliot Marshall
Lyoto Machida vs Jake Shields
Neil Magny vs Ryan Drexler
MusclePharm has partnered with Fight To Win Promotions to throw the event of the summer: F2W / MusclePharm Submit Cancer. The charity event is set for August 13, and features the best-of-the-best from both jiu-jitsu and MMA. The announced fight card for the event, which you can watch exclusively here on FloGrappling, is as follows:Perhaps the most intriguing matchup of the night is Machida vs Shields. Jake Shields needs little introduction to the grappling community -- he's coming off his SUG victory over Chris Lytle and is looking better than ever. Machida isn't thought of as a submission specialist, but he holds a black belt in jiu-jitsu, has two submission victories in MMA and can frequently be seen training with Rener and Ryron Gracie at their academy in Torrance, California.What can we expect from him in a grappling match? Will he shoot for takedowns or look to counter? What kind of guard does he possess? We'll find out in a few short weeks. Still to be announced -- an undercard featuring the best of local talent from the Denver, Co area. Get access to the live stream now. [instagram url="https://www.instagram.com/p/BIn4mA5gqa3/?taken-by=musclepharm" hide_caption="0"][instagram url="https://www.instagram.com/p/BIjKOppgosp/?taken-by=musclepharm" hide_caption="0"]
Florida's Department of Financial Services has confirmed it is investigating travel agencies that sold insurance underwritten by Prime Travel Protection, a Colorado company that filed for bankruptcy protection last month and left thousands of travelers uninsured.
Prime Travel Protection sought to circumvent state regulations by claiming it wasn't insurance. Jerry Watson, the company's president, said Prime Travel Protection's policies were “not an insurance product” and didn't need to be licensed.
Florida authorities disagree. “This product was claimed to be insurance,” said Nina Banister, a spokeswoman for Florida's Department of Financial Services. “It does not appear that Prime Travel Protection was an authorized entity. We're looking for agents who were involved in selling it.”
Under Florida Statutes, any agency or agent selling unauthorized insurance faces fines and a possible suspension of license:
Any person who knowingly transacts insurance or otherwise engages in insurance activities in this state without a license in violation of this section commits a felony of the third degree, punishable as provided in s. 775.082, s. 775.083, or s. 775.084.
Banister says Florida wants to hear from anyone who bought a Prime Travel Protection policy through a travel agency in the United States. She asks that they either call Florida's consumer help line at (877) 693-5236 or (850) 413-3030, or fill out a complaint online.
The investigation, which appears to be in its early stages, could affect hundreds of travel agencies and thousands of travelers.
According to numerous customers, travel agencies falsely represented the Prime Travel Protection product as travel insurance. Travel agents claim that they believed Prime Travel Protection to be legitimate insurance, and that they immediately stopped selling its policies when they learned it was an unlicensed insurance product.
But Florida authorities are conducting a thorough investigation, and are interested in hearing from travelers who bought policies through other defunct travel insurance companies Watson was involved with, including Trip Assured, Vacation Protection Services and Travelers Protection Services. The punishment for travel agencies who sold those insurance policies and then continued to sell Prime Travel Protection could be severe.
“There is no statute of limitation on this,” Banister said.
AM2R has workarounds everywhere. When I get stuck with a problem, there are times when the best way to solve it is to avoid the situation altogether.
This happened with subtractive blend modes. Whenever I used them, the transitions to the map screen broke, and artifacts appeared on the screen. Every once in a while I start to experiment, and I did find a way to solve that problem... a workaround within a workaround.
But what do you want subtractive blend modes? - you might ask.
Among other things, it can be used to create a real, multi-source lighting engine.
The one in confrontation just supports the light emitted by Samus. In a couple of minutes I was able to do some surface magic and come up with a pretty fast lighting engine. With this new tool, I can make some of the existing areas more atmospheric, and change the way certain places are designed.
For example, the lower part of Area 3 was going to be just a vertical shaped breeding grounds area, with a different tile. Now it's a dark and mysterious place, with bio-luminescent plants and insects that light up parts of the area.
Gammas look pretty scary? Try fighting one in the dark, only seeing its electrical attacks.
Now, before you scream "What??? Another feature that's gonna delay the game even moar????!?", it's current implementation involve adding a variable to a room, nothing else. I do have to add a property to the enemies or objects that emit light, but that's pretty simple. I still have to test it in more systems, and optimize it a bit, but for now it's looking really good.
About the rest of the progress... The lower part of Area 3 is being modified to fit better with the dark room motif. The tilesets are being expanded, adding much more variety, and sticking a little more to the overall area design of the rest of the game. The upper part of Area 3 has some small unique mechanics that I'm still tweaking.
It's been a couple of difficult months, and having a small project, even something that goes well, means a lot. Thank you very much for the awesome support you showed, I really appreciate it.
Profit system unleashes misery on young and old
20 October 2011
New reports released this week provide fresh evidence of the mounting social catastrophe confronting American working people, with the deepening economic crisis leaving older workers unable to retire and relegating younger ones to a life of indentured servitude to pay off ballooning student loans.
A report released Tuesday by the US General Accounting Office, “Older Adults and the 2007-2009 Recession,” began by noting that the present economic crisis is “the most severe in this country since the 1930s.”
It added: “While the recession has affected all age groups, older adults—particularly those close to or in retirement—may face a greater burden because they may not have the same opportunities to recover from its effects.”
It pointed to retirement savings sharply diminished by a falling stock market, depreciations in home equity and immense hurdles for laid-off older workers seeking new employment.
Among the study's findings:
* Unemployment rates for workers aged 55 or older have doubled since 2007, with the average period spent jobless tripling from 11 weeks to 31 weeks for workers aged 55 to 64. Nearly 18 percent of jobless workers 55 or older have been without work for 99 weeks or more.
* Household income for workers aged 55 to 64 has fallen 6 percent. Meanwhile, about one third of workers 65 and older are in low-wage jobs paying less than $11 an hour.
* The poverty rate for those aged 55-64 has risen from 8.7 percent in 2007 to 10.1 percent in 2010. The rate is sharply higher when out-of-pocket medical costs are factored in, reaching over 17 percent for those 65 and older. More than a quarter of those between ages 55 and 65 are living on low incomes, below 200 percent of the federal poverty level.
* The number of households with a member age 60 or older depending upon the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (Food Stamps) increased 25 percent between 2006 and 2009 to 2.5 million.
One effect of the crisis is that growing numbers of older workers see no prospect for retirement, either soon, or in many cases, ever.
A survey conducted by Sun Life Financial Inc. found that just 23 percent of the working population say that they are very confident about being able to meet basic living expenses in retirement. This is half of the 46 percent that said so in 2008.
The majority, 54 percent, said that they would continue working past age 65, while 20 percent believed that they would be compelled to work until the day they die. Sixty-one percent of workers said that they were delaying retirement and working for at least three more years.
Sun Life President Wes Thompson described the survey's results as “a tipping point.” The overall index measuring confidence in retirement has fallen from 46 percent in 2008 to 36 percent this year.
On the other end of the age spectrum, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York reported that the dollar amount of student loans taken out last year for the first time topped the $100 billion mark, with total outstanding loans set to rise to over $1 trillion in 2011. According to the Fed report, more is now owed on student loans than in credit card debt.
Meanwhile, the College Board reported that students are now borrowing twice as much as they did a decade ago, even accounting for inflation.
While older workers are forced to postpone or forego entirely their retirement, younger ones find themselves saddled with debts that drain their earnings and leave them without enough to get a home of their own or start a family. The old and the young find themselves pitted against each other in a labor market that is stacked against them, offering fewer jobs at less pay.
In the face of this cascading crisis, there is no support within the American ruling elite or either of its two parties for taking any genuine action to ameliorate conditions for the broad masses of the population. Instead, Democratic President Barack Obama has staged a cynical bus tour, promoting a so-called “jobs bill” that he knows will never be passed. Even if it were, it would at best produce barely one-tenth of the jobs that are needed to bring the unemployment rate to where it was before the financial meltdown of 2008.
The only policy that enjoys bipartisan support is the imposition of trillions of dollars in deficit-reduction, forcing working people to pay for the crisis caused by Wall Street through the decimation of Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, public education and other essential social programs.
The increasingly barbaric social conditions confronting every generation are giving rise to social anger and unrest that have found only their first expression in the anti-Wall Street protests that have spread across the United States and around the world.
Rather than accept a society in which the old are compelled to work themselves to death and the young are denied a future, the American working class will inevitably be drawn into mass struggles of a revolutionary character.
Capitalism has failed in the United States and on a world scale. Only the working class can provide a progressive way out of the crisis that is beings unleashed upon all mankind.
Working people can advance their own program in defense of jobs, decent education, a secure retirement and other basic social rights only by breaking free from the grip of the official trade unions and the Democratic Party, which together defend the interests not of the workers, but of the banks and corporations.
Only through a determined and bold attack on these interests can the working class advance a solution to the present crisis. It requires the expropriation of the multi-billion-dollar fortunes of the ruling financial oligarchy and the taking over of the major banks and corporations so that they can be run to meet the social needs of the majority, rather than the profit interests of the top 1 percent. In short, economic life must be reorganized on a socialist basis.
The decisive issue in carrying forward this struggle is the building of a new, revolutionary leadership in the working class—the Socialist Equality Party.
Bill Van Auken
Bill Van Auken
If you've been waiting to pick up one of the 3.0 play sets, now is the time! While the base pricing is only $5 off at Amazon and Walmart, at Best Buy, Target, and Toys R Us, this week you can get a free 3.0 figure with the purchase of a 3.0 play set. Where this comes in especially handy is TRU, the only vendor where this deal is valid on the newly-posted 3.0 Marvel Battlegrounds preorder figures (and Baloo!), but unfortunately, the BOGO doesn't work with Marvel Battlegrounds play sets.
Speaking of those figures, if you missed our post on the topic earlier this week, we announced that Ant-Man, Baloo, Black Panther, Black Suit Spider-Man, and Vision are all now available for preorder at Amazon, Best Buy, Target, and Toys R Us. Joining that list today is Walmart, leaving only Gamestop as the last member of the big six who doesn't have the new figures posted yet. There's still no word on Marvel Battlegrounds power disc packs, but we're keeping our eyes peeled!
Outside of the free figure with a play set deal, the offers on 3.0 products aren't particularly exciting this week. You can still snag Kylo Ren for $9.99 at Amazon, and Saga Bundles are $66.99 on PS3 and PS4 at Walmart, which is still the best way to pick up ToTR, RAtE, Boba Fett, and a game disc all in one package, but if all you need is Boba Fett, we found out during Infinity NEXT that you can finally get his standalone release a week from Tuesday, on March 15th.
Speaking of which, we don't yet know whether pricing on Marvel Battlegrounds Play Sets will return to the $29.99 price point after release (I think we all hope not!), but in the event that it does, preordering now for $10 off could be your best way to pick it up until the post-release deals start rolling in.
As for 1.0 and 2.0, the deals look pretty familiar there, with a few exceptions, such as individual Hiro figures down to $7.43 at Amazon. I keep saying it, but it keeps being true; 2.0 Toy Box Starters are just absurdly cheap, below $20 on all platforms at Amazon, and as low as $13.68 (!) on Xbox One. Even if you don't own an Xbox One, this is just over half the price of the standalone Merida and Stitch figures, and you get the machine-agnostic Disney Originals toy box game discs.
See any mistakes, price changes, or anything I missed? Drop me a line here or on Reddit and let me know!
Want to compare to last week's deals? Check them out here.
Table of Contents
Best Deals of the Week
Amazon
Best Buy
Gamestop
Target
Toys R Us
Walmart
DI 3.0 PC Trial Characters
DI 2.0 PC Trial Characters
These deals were last updated at 8:21 Central Standard Time, 3-6-2016
Tabs not displaying properly? Click here to see the deals without tabs.
Later this month, Russia's Duma is expected to give final approval to a vaguely worded bill that would ban "homosexual propaganda" accessible to minors.
Despite protests, the bill won nearly unanimous approval in a preliminary vote last January.
Last month, France became the ninth country in Europe to legalize gay marriage. But in Russia, the trend is going in the opposition direction, away from tolerance.
Manny de Guerre, a long-term British resident of Russia, helped organize “Side by Side,” the gay film festival in Moscow.
“The impact of the law is that it creates fear in society,” said de Guerre who attended the festival with her partner. “It gives the green light to Orthodox activists, to nationalists, that it's OK to beat up lesbian and gay people, that it's OK to discriminate against them.”
Putin defiant
With Russia increasingly standing out in isolation to the liberal trends of Western Europe, Russian President Vladimir Putin faced gay protesters when he visited Holland last month.
Back in Moscow, Putin was defiant when asked about European criticism.
"How can they demand that we introduce their standards?” he demanded in a nationally televised call in show. “Or maybe we should demand that they instill our standards in that country? Let's not demand anything from each other. Let's treat each other with respect."
Putin's conservatism is backed by a nationwide Levada poll conducted in February. Two-thirds of respondents backed laws banning "gay propaganda." And large majorities said that gay propaganda could mean banning books, films, protests and parades.
Vladimir Ryzhkov, an opposition politician, says Putin is in step with Russian public opinion.
“It's not like everyone wants a gay parade and Putin is against it,” said Ryzhkov, co-founder of the liberal Republic Party of Russia. “In this case, his point of view is exactly the same as 90 percent of the population.”
'Family values'
At the offices of Young Guard, a Kremlin support group, Ekaterina Stenyakina, gives voice to mainstream Russians' distaste for homosexuality.
“We have traditional religions in which family values are among the most important of all,” said Stenyakina, a leader of the group. “That's why our country, our state, is not ready for this kind of manifestation - gay parades on main squares.”
Oleg Grannikov, a Moscow gay activist, says that in this environment most Russian gays keep their personal lives in the shadows.
“In Moscow, of course, the situation is better than in the regions,” he said during a break at the film festival. “But still, while people may be open with their friends, very few are open with their parents or at their job.”
And Russia's new legislation seems designed to keep Russian gays firmly in the closet for years to come.
When a gay group held a film festival in Moscow in April, there were the usual anti-gay protesters. But this time, there was an unexpected visitor: a policeman armed with a Kalashnikov, checking ID's.
Allen, Texas – The Allen Americans defeated the Ontario Reign on Wednesday night at Allen Event Center by a score of 3-1, to win the series in 7 games, 4-3.
Tyler Ludwig opened the scoring early in the first period with his first of the playoffs, from Justin Baker and Greger Hanson at the 1:18 mark of the first. Allen took a 1-0 lead to the room, but Ontario held a slight advantage in shots 12-7.
The two teams traded goals in the second, with Tristan King tying the game at 16:13 mark with his 7th, and then Gary Steffes scored, what turned out to be the game winner, at the 19:12 mark of the period to give Allen a 2-1 lead.
Both teams had great scoring chances in the third, but both Joe Cannata and Riley Gill stood strong making big save after big save. The Americans would put the game away late in the third, when forward Chris Crane fired home an empty netter to give Allen a 3-1 victory and a trip to the ECHL Finals against South Carolina. The Stingrays won a triple overtime thriller 1-0 over Toledo, to win the series 4-3.
The Americans will open the ECHL Finals at home this Sunday at 4:05 pm against the South Carolina Stingrays. Below is the complete ECHL Kelly Cup Finals schedule. Tickets are on sale at www.ticketmaster.com or call 972-912-1000.
Allen Americans vs. South Carolina Stingrays
Game 1 – Sunday, May 31 @ 4:05 pm at Allen Event Center
Game 2 – Tuesday, June 2 @ 7:05 pm at Allen Event Center
Game 3 – Wednesday, June 3 @ 7:05 pm at Allen Event Center
Game 4 – Sunday, June 7 @ 6:05 pm at North Charleston Coliseum
Game 5 – Tuesday, June 9 @ 6:05 pm at North Charleston Coliseum*
Game 6 – Wednesday, June 10 @ 6:05 pm at North Charleston Coliseum*
Game 7 – Sunday, June 14 @ 4:05 pm at Allen Event Center*
* if necessary
PoliZette Former Congressional Black Caucus Staffer Says Dems Discriminating Against Conyers Angela Rye, now with CNN, asks why Sen. Al Franken hasn't been asked to give up his subcommittee chairmanship
Angela Rye, former executive director of the Congressional Black Caucus, ripped the Democratic Party on Monday for a racial double standard in its treatment of sexual harassment allegations against a pair of lawmakers.
Speaking on CNN, where she now is a commentator, Rye said party leaders have gone softer on Sen. Al Franken (D-Minn.), who is white, than on Rep. John Conyers (D-Mich.), who is black. Conyers, a founding member of the Congressional Black Caucus and the most senior member of the House of Representatives, has agreed to give up his position as ranking Democrat on the House Judiciary Committee.
Advertisement
[lz_jwplayer video=xVusahpr player=zVCyoLJs]
“It's unfortunate that, yet again, we see the hypocrisy in the Democratic Party,” Rye said. “There's no call for Al Franken to resign. He's also a ranking member on a subcommittee on judiciary that's very, very important.”
Rye said Democratic leaders have not pressured Franken to step away as ranking member of Judiciary's Subcommittee on Privacy, Technology and the Law.
“There have just been calls for an ethics investigation on his part,” she said. “And there is literal photo evidence of Al Franken doing the same thing.”
Franken has been on an apology tour of sorts, expressing regret for taking a photo of himself lurking over a radio host — hands over her breasts — when they were on a USO tour together before he became a senator. Franken also has apologized to a woman who says he groped her while he was posing with her for a photo, although he insists he does not remember the incident.
But Franken has insisted he will not resign.
Four of the six ethics probes in the House when Angela Rye worked for the Congressional Black Caucus involved black representatives, she said.
Advertisement
Rye told CNN anchor Kate Bolduan that “political expediency” explains the different treatment of Conyers and Franken.
“This is the problem with the party. This is why people see us as the same as Republicans,” she said. “You have to treat these things fairly. And what I will tell you as the former CBC executive director, is that far too often, our members who are the most senior ranking, our members who have the most desired position in the House, get targeted in very strange ways.”
Rye said four of the six ethics probes in the House when she worked for the Congressional Black Caucus involved black representatives.
“Are you going to tell me that black members are more unethical than white members? I would tell you no,” she said.
Democratic leaders have struggled to come up with a coherent response to the sexual harassment wave that has engulfed their own members. House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) refused on Sunday to say whether Conyers should resign and called him an “icon.”
Advertisement
Democratic strategist Hillary Rosen, who appeared with Rye on CNN, tried to interject. But Rye was just getting started and cut her off.
“I'm not finished,” she said. “I would ask this party to really take a hard look at what is really different here.”
Rye also suggested that Conyers might be innocent, despite reports that he paid to settle a sexual harassment complaint made by a former staffer. Rye said multiple senior staffers who have worked closely with Conyers never experienced anything like this.
“I'm not saying that this woman is wrong,” she said. “But what I am saying is that the Democratic Party needs to take a hard look in the mirror and treat these situations fairly.”
Rosen agreed Franken should step down from his position on the subcommittee.
Advertisement
Related: Dems Zero In on Trump, Only to Find Their Own Guys in Trouble
“What I said is that I don't think that the offense is equal” to the allegation against Conyers, she said. “That's all.”
Rye responded, “And I beg to differ with you, Hillary.”
Rosen said she was deferring to comments by the radio host, Leeann Tweeden, who has said Franken should not lose his seat.
“I do believe that victims' voices are the ones that should lead us here,” she said.
MEMPHIS, Tenn. – On May 21, the Shelby County Commission, in a 9 to 1 vote, agreed to provide $450,000 to help fund programs and housing for people currently experiencing homelessness. This victory for the people of Memphis is due to the hard work of HOPE, Homeless Organizing for Power and Equality. Unlike other organizations that advocate for the homeless, HOPE is made up of and led by people who are experiencing homelessness or who have experienced homelessness in the past.
On May 24, HOPE held a potluck at Manna House, a sanctuary established by Catholic Workers, to celebrate their victory.
John was at the potluck with his young son, August (Auggie) in part because no shelter in the Memphis area will take a single father with a child. John and Auggie lived in his car until it was impounded weeks ago. Since then they've been forced to live in vacant houses, where John worries about Auggie's safety. “You never know what he could step on in a place like that or who could come in,” John said.
Thankfully for John and Auggie, $200,000 of the funds HOPE won this week will go to provide permanent supportive housing for families with disabilities and low-income families.
Between dances, Marian Bacon, an Independent Living Specialist at Memphis Center for Independent Living who once experienced homelessness herself, found time to talk.
“No shelter is free, which is discrimination in itself,” Marian pointed out. Furthermore, there is “only one shelter for women in Memphis but four or five for men.”
Marian went on to discuss how the local shelters discriminate in ways beyond demands for payment. “80 percent are faith-based and if you don't follow their rules, you're out.” Equally distressing is the fact that at “Union Mission, if you have a visible physical disability they won't admit you.”
If you have a cane, or a walker you are turned away, if you have a wheelchair you literally cannot even make it in the front door. Union Mission does not have a wheelchair ramp or any way for someone in a wheelchair to navigate their front steps. Sadly, many of these faith-based shelters require families to be broken up before they will offer assistance. According to Marian, “If you have a boy over 5-6 years old they'll not admit you unless you put your son in foster care.”
Hopefully, some of the prejudice experienced by someone who is currently homeless and physically disabled will be alleviated by the allocation of $250,000 to provide 100 units of housing for “the most vulnerable people on the streets.”
There are those who oppose these additions to the county budget. Wyatt Buckner is reported to have said, “It's not the government's job to give people a handout.”
Mar'Quella Scott pointed out that he said this “to veterans, to pregnant women, to his constituents.” In Mar'Quella's opinion, “the government office is the place for these people to go.” As Steve Mullroy, Shelby County Commissioner, said, “It's a question of priorities, do we think it is important to help out the homeless.”
Between putting out food, answering phone calls, and making sure people had places to stay, Brad Watkins, an Organizing Director at Mid-South Peace and Justice Center, spoke about HOPE's four core values: “Dignity, Mutual Emotional Support, Solidarity, and Self-Determination.”
Since 2009, Brad, with the help of many other people, has been working to organize HOPE into what it is today – a highly effective advocacy and direct action organization made of and led by the community it represents.
As the evening's celebration came to a close, Terrance, a retired Marine who lost two of the fingers on his left hand due to an injury he suffered when his caravan was bombed in Iraq during his third tour, his tenth year at war, put it clearly. “We're good enough to fight for this country, but we're not good enough to get the services we need when we get home.” Terrance says, “HOPE gives us hope for a better tomorrow, [it lets us] speak peace in a world of violence.”
Photo: John and Auggie. James Raines/PW
