Prison inmates can stretch their legs and breathe some fresh air on the covered and secured rooftop (swissinfo.ch)
An imam has been counselling Muslim prisoners for nearly 25 years in several Swiss prisons, long before Islamic terror and radicalisation became widespread issues. Today, they are frequent topics of conversation in his sessions with inmates.
One of the prisons where he works is located in the centre of the Swiss capital city Bern and can accommodate 126 inmates. It is currently at capacity. Most prisoners are awaiting trial, serving a sentence or in detention pending deportation. The women are on the first floor, the men are on the second through fifth floors. Those who stand accused of having committed terrorist offences are also regularly imprisoned here.
Four out of five prisoners are foreigners, and almost a third are Muslim. For the most part, they are able to practice their faith in prison.
“In general we respect the prayer times,” says Monika Kummer, the prison director, who greets visitors and inmates alike with a kind word or smile. “But in urgent situations, for example for interrogations, they have to interrupt prayer.” She points out that such interruptions lie within the guidelines of the faith.
To avoid issues, pork is never on the prison menu, not even for non-Muslims. Today's lunch is lukewarm fish sticks, wheat grains and vegetables with little sauce or seasoning.
Right now, 31 Muslim prisoners are observing Ramadan. Lunch, dinner and breakfast for the following day are all brought to the cell at the same time, in the early evening. Some prisoners wait until nightfall to eat, while others hang cloths in the window to give nightfall a jump-start.
‘I'll never do it again'
Irhad* is observing Ramadan, too – for the first time in his life in prison. The Bosnian lives in Germany but broke the law while in Switzerland. He does not say why, just that he “got in with the wrong crowd”. Life in prison is hard for him, especially being separated from his family. His days involve sleeping, reading, and praying as well as monotonous work for a Swiss watch company sticking dozens of labels on packaging boxes in his cell.
Grateful for any distraction, every Tuesday afternoon Irhad makes use of the prison's Muslim pastoral counselling service with Mustafa Memeti, a Swiss imam with Albanian roots.
“I can tell Memeti everything. When I talk to him, I feel good and can sleep better afterwards,” says the young Muslim who appreciates hearing from a theologian who shares his faith.
Irhad is quick to point out his disgust for terrorists. He saw on television that terrorists had prayed before launching a recent attack on a concert in Manchester, England. But he believes that “men who kill innocent people and even children attending a concert are not Muslims”.
Memeti replies that the terrorists have psychological problems.
“They misinterpret their faith, cannot distinguish between good and bad and always blame others,” he says. The iman tells Irhad that in his difficult situation, “it is very important to question oneself, to think positively and to believe in a future with a job and a family”.
The elderly Muslim cleric tells the young inmate to be aware of the lesson he has learned in prison and what he can take from it.
“I'll never do it again,” Irhad promises. “As soon as I get out, I'm going straight to my wife and children.”
Emotional nurturing
Imam Memeti studied theology in various Arabic countries and has lived in Switzerland since 1993. For 24 years, he has been coming to Bern's prison one afternoon a week to support Muslim inmates who have no contacts or freedom and few prospects.
“Our authority is limited,” he admits. “We may not interfere in the legal process. But we can nurture people emotionally by dissuading them from negative thoughts and motivating them to take their fate back into their own hands”.
Bad thoughts are often based on the feeling of not being accepted, explains Memeti. This could lead to radicalisation.
Religious counselling in Swiss prisons Mustafa Memeti has also been part of the multicultural pastoral counselling team for some years at another Swiss prison called Thorbergexternal link, where 169 prisoners are currently incarcerated and some are serving long-term sentences. There, more than 80% of prisoners are foreigners, and around 40% are Muslims. Currently, no one is serving time for terrorism-related offences at Thorberg.
Memeti's weekly pastoral counselling service is used by five to six prisoners on average and not always by the same individuals, says law enforcement expert Christoph Schmutz. They have had good experiences with the Muslim pastoral counsellor. Memeti is among the more liberal imams who seek a dialogue with other religions.
The danger of radicalisation has received great attention at Thorberg, not only with regard to Islam. In case of signs of radicalisation, the institution gets specialists involved, says Schmutz.
end of infobox
Sometimes he holds pastoral counselling sessions in small groups. “This can be emotionally helpful because the prisoners realise that they are not all alone in a difficult situation,” he says.
Participation in Muslim pastoral counselling is voluntary and not utilised by all Muslims in the prison. But if a prisoner suddenly changes demeanor, no longer listens to music, no longer watches TV, grows out his beard or makes bizarre utterances, Memeti gets involved.
“He can make a difference. I appreciate his presence, his professional competence and his openness”, says prison director Kummer. She rules out the notion that the imam himself could bring radical ideas into the prison, as has happened in other institutions. Memeti is known to the public as a moderate Muslim theologian who believes that the law takes priority over religious views.
Members of the prison staff are also trained to respect freedom of religion and the imam's work, although none of them practice Islam themselves.
“There are training courses on topics such as radicalisation and jihadism,” says Kummer. “Our people acquire this knowledge because they are on the frontline and the first to recognise when someone is acting conspicuously”.
The prison's administration has appreciated Memeti since long before Islamic-motivated terror became a threat, but Kummer says she and her staff “are glad to be able to count on his support during this time”.
(*The full name is known to the editorial department)
Translated from German, swissinfo.ch
Neuer Inhalt Horizontal Line
SWI swissinfo.ch on Instagram SWI swissinfo.ch on Instagram
ATMs in India Are out of Cash After Gov't ‘Demonetization Drive'
In India, a campaign to withdraw legal tender status from certain banknotes has caused economic turmoil for many native Indians. Most recently, this “demonetization drive” is, in certain regions, causing ATMs to run out of cash — resulting in cash shortages in these areas.
Also read: Belgium Gov't Can't Figure out How to Use Bitcoins Seized From Internet Drug Dealer
ATMs Running Out of Money
In the cities of Srikakulam, Vizianagaram and Visakhapatnam people are still feeling the effects of the policy, which was initially rolled out in the beginning of the year. Those living in the 3 cities have had to deal with a constant shortage of cash in both banks and ATMs.
Indeed, sources that have spoken to The Times of India say that 90 percent of ATMs in the region do not have cash. Additionally, nearly 70 percent of 648 ATMs in those 3 cities are completely out of money.
Deputy general manager of the State Bank of India (SBI), Ajoy Kumar Pandit, said the customers are losing confidence in them as a result of the crisis.
“Nearly 70 percent of our 648 ATMs in the three districts are out of cash. The rest will also become dry in the next few days as we do not have cash to refill the machines. We are helpless from our side.”
Many locals have also had problems paying for things as a result. P Srinivasa Rao, a native of the area, said she has been unable to pay for her daughter's tuition because she had no means of doing so without cash. Furthermore, the deadline for payments was April 10th and the school does not have an online payment system.
Fledgling Infrastructure in India Unable to Cope
The Reserve Bank of India, the country's central bank, has siphoned away a large percentage of cash from the southern parts and diverted it to the northern regions. According to The Times of India, this reallocation was the result of recent elections within the country — a decision that has negatively affected the Southern portions of the country.
The reasoning behind the government's actions regarding cash allocation was due, in part, to a belief that it would incentivize smart payments. However, the government overestimated the country's financial infrastructure and its ability to facilitate digital payments.
Despite the country's recent advancement towards digital money, Cash-based payments are still very much popular with India's population of nearly 1.3 billion people. In fact, this is the case for many developing countries. Despite technological advancements and governments promoting digital money use, people have continued to resist a digital transition for cultural and sociological reasons.
Because of the country's large informal economy, India's recent demonetization drive has had a profound impact on its citizens, especially the poor who do not have access to the infrastructure required to deal with the sudden change. Furthermore, the decision was made unilaterally by India's Prime Minister and a few of his close associates.
Thus, the effort was a surprise to most when it was first announced. Apparently, it was even a surprise to banks, which did not have enough of the newly designed banknotes to substitute for the canceled ones. As a result, many sectors of India's economy came to a standstill and endangered the livelihoods of those that depend on the informal cash-based life.
What do you think of India's cash shortages as a result of the demonetization effort? Let's hear your thoughts.
Images via Reserve Bank of India, [email protected]
Back when he was 7, Andre Burakovsky tagged along to watch his father play in a professional hockey game in Sweden. The opposing goalie was none other than Henrik Lundqvist.
Burakovsky, now barely 20 and an NHL rookie with the Washington Capitals, found himself facing Lundqvist, now the goalie for the New York Rangers, and the kid came through in a big way Wednesday night. Burakovsky scored his first two postseason goals and Braden Holtby saved a penalty shot, giving Washington a 2-1 victory over New York for a 3-1 lead in the Eastern Conference semifinals.
The Capitals can close out the Presidents' Trophy-winning Rangers in the best-of-seven series and advance to the conference finals for the first time in Alex Ovechkin's career by taking Game 5 in New York on Friday.
“There's no shock. It's disappointment,” said Lundqvist, who led the Rangers to the Stanley Cup finals last season. “They're nothing really to figure out. We just need to score.”
Burakovsky tied Game 4 in the second period, then put Washington ahead to stay 24 seconds into the third.
“He's been a favorite goalie of (mine) since I grew up,” Burakovsky said about his countryman Lundqvist. “I've been watching him my whole life. It's a pretty special moment.”
Not bad for a guy who scored only nine goals in the regular season — and none since Feb. 15 — and was limited to 53 games with Washington.
Lightning 2, Canadiens 1: Time was running out and the sellout crowd of 19,204 grew impatient, urging the Lightning to take one more crack at Carey Price.
Good idea.
Tyler Johnson's only shot of the night slipped past the Montreal goaltender with 1.1 seconds remaining Wednesday night, giving Tampa Bay a 3-0 lead in the Eastern Confernce semifinals.
“Honestly, I didn't even know it was that close at the buzzer. … I wasn't thinking about the time at all,” Johnson said after his third game-winning goal this postseason.
“It's just a giant weight off the shoulders because overtime is fun,” Johnson added, “but nobody really wants to do it.”
The All-Star center scored his eighth goal of the postseason off a pass from Victor Hedman in a stunning finish for the Canadiens, who tied it midway through the third period on Brendan Gallagher's goal.
Chambers, 43, was raised by an ex-military father in a Southern Baptist home and realized he was attracted to other males at a young age. Most of his early sexual encounters with men were anonymous, which bred in him a deep self-hatred. At 19, he connected with an Exodus-affiliated ministry where he hoped to rid himself of same-sex attraction once and for all.
While the ministry did not make Chambers straight, he claims that it saved his life and many others because it provided a “safe space for many” to talk about their sexuality. At the time, there was no national network for LGBT Christians and most churches were not places of sexual transparency. But, he says, Exodus's emphasis on “change” made it “fatally flawed.”
In 1998, Chambers married his wife, Leslie, with whom he adopted two children. In My Exodus, he recounts his inability to consummate the union for eight months, but he says their sex life is now “good.”
“While many relationships are built on sex, ours just includes sex,” Chambers says. “We love it and value it because we worked hard for it.”
As a former Exodus participant who once lived a “gay lifestyle” but was able to achieve a successful straight marriage, Chambers was the perfect candidate to lead the organization. And by 2001, Exodus needed all the help it could get.
At its peak, Exodus International had an annual operating budget of more than $1 million, had 25 employees, and served as an umbrella organization for more than 400 local ministries across 17 countries. But over the years since its founding in 1976, many of the leaders Exodus' touted as success stories had become cautionary tales instead.
Cofounder Michael Bussee left the group in 1979 and entered a relationship with another Exodus leader, Gary Cooper. Bussee would later admit, “I never saw one of our members or other Exodus leaders or other Exodus members become heterosexual, so deep down I knew that it wasn't true.” Throughout the 1980s and ‘90s, many former Exodus members became vocal critics of the ministry, claiming it had caused them psychological distress. And in September 2000, Exodus's chairman John Paulk was photographed cruising for men at a gay bar in Washington, D.C. He was ousted from his position and later confessed, “I do not believe that reparative therapy changes sexual orientation; in fact, it does great harm to many people.”
The movement traditionalists believed would be their saving grace in the fight against LGBT rights was quickly becoming their Achilles' heel.
Being chosen to lead Exodus in 2001 was like becoming the ex-gay Pope following the Catholic sex-abuse scandals. The ministry's board knew it could not survive another public scandal, so it questioned Chambers rigorously before deciding to hire him. During the interview process, Chambers recalls a board member asking him what success would look like under his leadership. He replied, “It looks like Exodus going out of business because the church is doing its job.”
The likelihood of President Donald Trump facing impeachment could rise, as the seat of the retiring House Judiciary Committee chairman is eyed by at least one Republican who has been more critical of the president.
Four GOP congressmen have emerged as contenders since Bob Goodlatte (R-Virginia) announced last month he will not serve past his term ending in December 2018 as chairman of the committee with jurisdiction over presidential impeachment proceedings. Several Democrats on the committee have pushed for impeaching Trump in light of a probe into possible collusion between his campaign and Russians in the 2016 presidential election.
A Trump supporter, Goodlatte in August said there was no reason for his committee to use “taxpayer dollars to investigate the Trump campaign's connections—or lack thereof—to the Russian government,” according to The News Leader. Instead, he demanded new probes on Hillary Clinton's private email server and alleged ties to foreign governments.
The track record of one contender for Goodlatte's seat, Darrell Issa (R-California), suggests he could be more inclined to move toward impeachment proceedings against Trump. He was the first congressional Republican in February to call for a special prosecutor to investigate Trump's election, and that it should not be Attorney General Jeff Sessions.
“You cannot have somebody—a friend of mine, Jeff Sessions—who was on the campaign and who is an appointee,” Issa told HBO's Bill Maher. “You're going to need to use the special prosecutor's statute and office.”
Though Issa wants the Judiciary chair role, his re-election race will be difficult in a district that is trending Democratic. It also is unclear if House leadership would support his bid after he took the Obama administration to task for bank bailouts and corruption in Afghanistan as House Oversight Committee chairman.
News overnight affirms what I've been saying: we need an independent review and Jeff Sessions should recuse himself https://t.co/iwkkfEdL5A pic.twitter.com/ay4kTJ6jvU — Darrell Issa (@DarrellIssa) March 2, 2017
A strong contender, Trey Gowdy (R-South Carolina), has views on Trump that seem to be on par with Goodlatte's. He is one of three Republicans leading the House Intelligence Committee's probe on Russian interference and collusion with Trump's campaign in the election, but said his committee would not dig into specific allegations of criminal wrongdoing.
“Allegations of criminal or quasi-criminal activity is squarely within Mueller's jurisdiction. We don't investigate crime,” Gowdy said in June. He indicated this month he is after the Judiciary chairman spot.
“If (House Speaker Paul Ryan) came to me and said ‘You can only have one committee, I'm going to take the other three away from you,' as much as I love (Intelligence) and Oversight, I would say ‘give me Judiciary,'” he told The Hill.
A third contender, Steve Chabot (R-Ohio), has flipped between praising and scolding Trump, and his actions have suggested he is neither a confidant nor detractor of the president. Chabot, chairman of the House Small Business Committee, did not seem concerned about investigations into ties between the Trump campaign and Russia, but was baffled by the president's “odd fondness” with Russian President Vladimir Putin.
“I think we're far from any serious consideration of impeachment, and I hope we don't get there because… it's not a pleasant process,” Chabot told Cincinnati.com in April.
The fourth likely contender, Doug Collins (R-Georgia), appears least likely to favor Trump impeachment. On Fox Business Network in May, Collins, who is well-liked among colleagues but less senior than other contenders, tried to distract from the Russia probe.
“We'll investigate and there are five different investigations into Russia,” Collins said. “What we need now is to continue to do what we know we need to do, and that's listen to the American people, provide the businesses relief, the tax reform, and make sure that our agenda is positive and the American people will respond to that.”
The House Judiciary Committee conducted impeachment investigations on former President Richard Nixon before he resigned ahead of the consideration of the resolutions. The body did not carry out its own investigation on President Bill Clinton, but drafted four impeachment articles and voted to send them to the House. Six Democrats have already introduced articles of impeachment against Trump.
No, it's not Carlos Slim, Ricardo Salinas Pliego, Emilio Azcarraga Jean or any other Mexican billionaire underwriting Mexico's former President Felipe Calderón's controversial one-year fellowship at the Harvard Kennedy School, but rather wealthy Greek diplomat Gianna Angelopoulos, who in 2012 created the Angelopoulos Global Public Leaders Fellowship program, “to retain and re-train leaders who have distinguished themselves in service to the public and are now transitioning to another career.”
After a tumultuous six-year term that ended in December 2012, Calderón and his family moved to Cambridge last month to start his tenure as a lecturer and researcher at the top-ranked Ivy League school. How much Angelopoulos is investing in Calderón's fellowship is anyone's guess. “Financial figures on the Fellowship have not been released,” said Doug Gavel, Associate director of Media Relations at the Kennedy School.
Angelopoulos is an Olympic Organizer, Ambassador of the Greek State, lawyer and former Member of Parliament. In 1990, she married Theodore Angelopoulos, a Greek shipping and steel magnate, and resigned her seat in the Parliament to become involved in her husband's international shipping business. Angelopoulos-Daskalaki, as she is also known, is a convening sponsor of the Clinton Global Initiative and Vice-Chairman of the Dean's Council for Harvard's Kennedy School.
In a statement announcing the fellowship, a few days before he left office, the Kennedy School credited Calderón, “with having boosted the nation's economic development as a pro‑business, pro‑free market leader and having made significant reforms to the country's environmental, immigration and health care policies.” The drug war that took place under his watch, the more than 60,000 people who lost their lives and the 25,000 that went missing were not mentioned.
Calderon's fellowship -- which runs from January to December 2013-- generated resentment and disbelief towards Harvard among certain sectors of Mexican society. The day that he began at Harvard, activists from the U.S. and Mexico delivered a petition signed by more than 34,000 to the Kennedy School requesting the withdrawal of his invitation. Marion Lloyd, a graduate of Harvard College, wrote in The Chronicle of Higher Education that in awarding Calderón a high-profile fellowship, “the Kennedy School is telling the world that former leaders, however questionable their leadership, are worthy of recognition. It is an unfortunate and dangerous message.”
But Harvard defended its decision. In a letter to poet-activist Javier Sicilia and political analyst Sergio Aguayo, Kennedy School Dean David Ellwood, argued that the school has a history of welcoming world leaders of varying backgrounds. “It is certainly not our intent to impact, nor do I believe that this fellowship affects, the ability of Mexico or Mexican citizens to address important national issues.”
Sicilia, whose son was kidnapped and killed under the Calderón administration, and Aguayo had told Ellwood in a previous letter that the fellowship was an “insult” and asked him to respond as to whether Calderón meets the ethical codes necessary to lecture at America's oldest institution of higher education. Sicilia and Aguayo delivered the letter addressed to Ellwood at the U.S. Embassy in Mexico.
Kennedy School's Gavel explained by e-mail that Harvard evaluated a number of potential candidates for the Angelopoulos Global Public Leaders Fellowship program, and that the selection was overseen by a faculty committee that made recommendations to Dean Ellwood.
The fellowship for Calderón comes after he privately told guests in the Summer of 2012 that he feared for his life after leaving office, because powerful drug mafias might come after him, and that he was planning to move out of Mexico. Calderón's self-imposed exile was decided three months before he stepped down. On September 26 and 27, 2012, Calderón attended the UN General Assembly and the Clinton Global Initiative annual conference in New York. According to diplomatic sources, Angelopoulos held a private meeting with Calderón and top Harvard officials. At the meeting, which took place at the New York Palace Hotel, where the Mexican President was staying, Angelopoulos agreed to sponsor him. Harvard declined to identify the officials from the school who were present at that meeting. “We do not release the details of private meetings,” said the Kennedy School's Gavel.
Follow me on Twitter: @DoliaEstevez
The Supreme Court of India on Thursday refused to stay None Of The Above (NOTA) option in upcoming Gujarat Rajya Sabha polls on August 8.
The apex court also slammed Congress party for coming in the eleventh hour as EC issued the notification in January 2014.
“Why you are so late in raising the question as EC issued a notification in Jan 2014, the court asked.
“When it suited you, you did not come. You come here on the eve of elections,” a bench of the top court said.
Representing the Congress, senior lawyer Kapil Sibal argued in the court saying that NOTA is a recipe for Corruption.
Earlier on Wednesday, the ruling BJP govt had also approached the Election Commission seeking removal of the None Of The Above (NOTA) option in the upcoming Rajya Sabha election in Gujarat, a day after the Congress made a similar demand.
“It is submitted that use of NOTA in the upcoming poll has become an issue of debate among the political parties and therefore, a proper consensus should be made before the use of NOTA in the election in Rajya Sabha,” the BJP said in a memorandum to the EC.
The NOTA – none of the above – gives voters an additional option to reject all the candidates in fray.
(With PTI inputs)
In Soviet Russia there was a magazine called “Technica Molodezh” which is translated as something like “Technology of the Youth”. And sometimes this magazine's cover featured the vehicles that would possibly be roaming our Earth in the near future.
Some of them are pretty interesting, and basically all were wrong in predicting how the technology would look now, but still we can browse them here:
The edition of December 1938 featured a multi propeller dirigible as a possible vehicle of the future.
This magazine of January and February 1945 featured a picture of the “world after the war”. Later that year, World War 2 was over and editors were already dreaming of the brave new world. Most of the technology of course looks unreal – like this iron shaped double decker Soviet train-tram on the street or the spider looking red car, but the guy on what looks like electric roller skates seems pretty much correct for the year 2015 – I bet your city or town also has some new enthusiasts of electric means of transportation who own similar devices – either electric remotely controlled skateboard or scooter. It is still unclear why is he wearing something looking like a space suit, though.
Then, in April 1946, they published a cover with the headline – “ultra fast car on the sea shore”. Why it was on the beach with palms is still unclear but it looks pretty big!
Later, in July 1948, they featured a “giant underwater tracked tank”. To me it looks a lot like a modern Typhoon class Russian submarine… but on caterpillar tracks, for some reason!
And later still, in January 1949 – an ultra high speed supersonic passenger jet. Almost fifteen years before the original TU-144 launch. People say it looked a lot like an American experimental Bell X-1.
What was next was a giant seaplane that could transport cars and people all together, like the ferries do. This was published in June 1949.
In 1952, five years before the first Sputnik – an artificial Soviet Earth satellite was launched, people already dreamed big about space journeys so they envisioned a giant “spaceport” inside a modern city, with red flags. You see it's launching a dirigible shaped passenger rocket from the top of it.
Ha, now something really cool. In February 1952, a magazine cover had an “advanced way to unload cargo ships”. If you look closer at this picture you can see something like a normal cargo ship that is turned upside down (its name is written upside down which indicates this) and then, through the openings in the side of the structure, all its goodies it was transporting are pouring into the trains passing by. How possible is this?
This thing from the year 1953 was called a “multi-functional underwater gadget”. Don't know much about its purpose, but it looks pretty futuristic!
This blog posts answers two big artifact questions: Can I level my offspec artifact and not fall behind? What is the best artifact path?
Let's start with the first question.
How fast can I get traits in my weapon? Will the offspec put me behind?
If you level fast and do your dailies every day, you'll have at least 20 traits when raids open. (That's assuming raids open 3 weeks after launch). And the good news, placing some points in the offspec barely sacrifices anything… at most 1 day, all the way to your full 54 point artifacts. Yeah, really!
You can take a look at the data yourself, thanks to the work the Kib did on his spreadsheet. Note that this data is the minimum you'll have if you do all activities, as it doesn't account for drops from mobs or rares that give Artifact Power.
Here's a timeline I put together based on his data (click for full size).
What is the best Artifact path?
If you want the best path, you'd have to look through 100 or even 1000 possible paths. So clearly this isn't easily done by a human, so we set Mr. Robot to the task.
He will take your given setup, including all of your gear and talents, then run through every single combination and recommend an Artifact path customized to you.
Backing up a step: let's take a quick look at Artifact Power (AP)
Here is the super-fast, really basic overview:
When you hit level 110: You don't get Artifact Power from quests, but everything you kill has a chance to drop items that reward you with AP. From what I've seen, you might acquire a few thousand Artifact Power from these drops while leveling.
Each day you can gain at least 2,380 Artifact Power. There is also a weekly Mythic dungeon quest reward for 3,500. And every mob has a chance to drop AP rewards.
You get over 10,000 Artifact Power for each faction rank with Suramar.
You can increase the rate at which you gain Artifact Power by increasing your Artifact Knowledge. The Knowledge level acts as a multiplier on AP gained by most sources. This is done with a quest in the class hall, and can increase your Knowledge every 5 days (or sooner if you don't play often as a catch-up mechanism).
You can reset your artifact weapon, for the cost of the NEXT trait.
How fast can I get traits in my weapon?
Once you hit level 110, you can get 4,680 Artifact Power from the end zone quests (Suramar) and the first set of dailies. The first 11 Artifact Traits cost 4,625 AP. Which is why you can get 11 traits when you hit 110.
The 12th and 13th Artifact Traits aren't very expensive and you get get those 1 day after you hit 110.
Once you hit 13 Traits, it will take you about 2-3 days to earn enough Artifact Power to go up 1 rank.
to earn enough Artifact Power to go up 1 rank. Once you hit 19 Artifact Traits, it will take you about 4-5 days to earn enough Artifact Power to go up 1 rank. This holds true all the way to maxing out your artifact, assuming you are diligently doing all of your dailies and increasing your Artifact Knowledge ranks too.
Want to see the data for yourself, check out Kib's spreadsheet.
Questions or Feedback?
If you're still new to the simulator, never fear, we are here to help. First, check out this crash-course video. Full a full list of simulator resources, visit our simulator page which has super short videos like the 1-minute-guide to customizing your character, as well as super in-depth guides like how to compare two different rotations to make an even better rotation.
Hit us up on our forums or on Discord.
A mother from Birmingham, England, has been given a suspended sentence after pleading guilty to six counts of willful abandonment for straight up leaving her six children, ages 3-14, for six weeks while she went on vacation with a dude she met online.
On January 2, this year, the unnamed (for legal reasons) pregnant single mother told her eldest son she was running to the supermarket. But instead of going to the supermarket, she went to Heathrow Airport and hopped on a flight to Australia. When she didn't return home for a few hours, her son called his grandparents, who then alerted police and social services. BBC reports:
The mother, a single parent, ignored messages from her parents and the police, deactivated her social media accounts and refused to fly home until her scheduled return six weeks later, the court heard.
Her children were initially placed in emergency foster care but were then placed in the care of their grandparents. Upon her return, the mother was promptly arrested and slapped with the abandonment charges. After pleading guilty last Thursday, she was given a six month prison sentence, suspended for two years.
John Smitheman, defending the woman, told the court they were thriving academically and unaffected by the experience. He said the woman had been a good mother but had been in an abusive relationship. He said the stress of bringing the children up alone had led to a "very unusual, almost unique circumstance".
Advertisement
Um, children are pretty flexible characters, but I highly doubt they were completely unaffected by their mother lying to them and then leaving for a month-and-a-half even with the support from their grandparents. And while I'm sure plenty of mothers dream about just leaving everything behind and fucking taking off for a nice vacation with a sexy paramour, it takes a real, um, special kind of person to actually do so.
More and more I'm finding that the first 2-3 minutes of a movie are my favorite part of the film. My life is devoted to the beautiful expression of information, which is why film title sequences hold a special place in my heart.
On this episode, I talk with Ian Albinson (Editor-in-Chief and Founder of the kick-ass Art of the Title) and the brilliant Gareth Smith (title sequence designer — along with his wife Jenny Lee — of such films as Juno and Up in the Air) about the benchmarks of film title design and the constraints involved in presenting what is essentially a legal document to a paying audience.
Here is “A Brief History of Title Design” edited by Ian Albinson:
Check this great overview of Saul Bass titles sequences put together by the website Not Coming to a Theater Near You.
It's hard to pick a Saul Bass favorite, but IFC picked Vertigo as the greatest title sequence of all time.
Kyle Cooper is largely considered the new modern master of title sequences. Here's his game changing opener for Se7en:
And if the Cheers title sequence (a favorite of Gareth Smith) doesn't make you happy, then I don't want to know what lurks in that cold, black soul of yours.
OK, team. Let's fill up those comments. What are your favorites? I'm particularly partial to the titles for Catch Me If You Can, which has the stylish audacity of pretty much revealing the entire plot of the movie. Your turn…
A new Instagram feature shows the company is putting work into its desktop offerings, potentially heightening the app's competition with Twitter .
The photo-and-video sharing app on Monday introduced search on Instagram's website for the first time. The new tool lets users search for hashtags, user accounts and locations. The Facebook-owned app is also adding a "Top Posts" feature to web search results for hashtags and locations that will display the most popular results for that search above recent posts.
"Web search is part of a broader commitment to improving discovery across our platforms," an Instagram spokesperson said. "With 70 million photos shared to Instagram each day, if something is happening in the world, it's likely being captured on Instagram."
Instagram's website still lags behind the functionality of its mobile app, but its web traffic isn't insignificant. Last month, web embeds of Instagram content generated about 5.3 billion impressions. Instagram created its site in 2013, about three years after the launch of its mobile app.
The web search tools follow Instagram's push last month to dramatically improve discovery and search on mobile. As part of its revamped Explore tab on mobile, Instagram added a new option to search for places, curated sections within Explore based on trending hashtags and locations, as well as hand-picked collections focused on accounts and places. Most of the new Explore features are not currently available on desktop.
Challenging Twitter
When Instagram announced the new Explore features last month, the company said the tool is intended to make it easier to follow moments, trends and conversations in real-time, which sounds a lot like Twitter.
Instagram's updates to Explore are reminiscent of Twitter's recently revealed plans for Lightning, a project expected to launch this year in which human editors will curate tweets around live events. The update also followed Twitter's roll out of new, highly visual Place Pages for browsing cities or spots to visit.
The social networks already have similar numbers of monthly active users – Twitter has about 302 million, and Instagram has about 300 million. By enhancing its web experience, Instagram is positioning itself to compete with Twitter even more. Instagram has long been on Twitter's radar. Twitter tried to buy the company in 2012, before Instagram sold to Facebook for $1 billion. But Instagram and Twitter have clear differences.
Instagram is an almost entirely visual experience, while Twitter grew its roots through text. The apps also often cater to different use cases. Twitter is known as a source for live events and news, while Instagram is viewed more as a social experience. The services also play to different demographics, with Instagram's users skewing younger than Twitter's.
However, as Twitter becomes more visual and Instagram becomes more event-focused, these differences could become increasingly blurred. Instagram also recently significantly bolstered its ad offerings, which will potentially cause Instagram and Twitter to compete for ad deals as well as eyeballs.
SCOTTISH Nationalists have infiltrated the Labour leadership campaign, it has been claimed, as calls were made for acting leader Harriet Harman to halt the contest until checks on bogus supporters could be made.
A senior Labour insider said: “There is definitely entryism going on; the question is whether or not it is on an industrial scale.”
The source claimed there had been a “direct appeal” by the Jeremy Corbyn camp to SNP supporters to sign up as Labour backers to influence the race in favour of the leftwinger. Asked if some had done so, he replied: “Yes, I believe so.”
Scottish Labour's Neil Findlay, chairman of Mr Corbyn's Scottish campaign, has previously urged leftwingers opposed to austerity and nuclear arms to “put aside differences for a short period” to become a registered supporter for £3 to enable them to participate in the leadership contest.
But the MSP denied he was actively encouraging diehard Nationalists to take part in choosing Ed Miliband's successor; rather, he stressed, he was attempting to get traditional Labour voters in Scotland, who were anti-austerity and anti-Trident and who had abandoned the party at the General Election, to return to the Labour fold.
“Now in the leadership race, we have a candidate who is clearly anti-austerity, who has campaigned for peace and has been opposed to nuclear weapons all his life. This is a great opportunity for the Labour Party to bring back some of those people to our cause and we have to bring them back, if we are going to win elections again,” added Mr Findlay.
An SNP spokesman commented: “Labour's leadership election is entirely a matter for them but, with the SNP providing the only real opposition to the Tories in Westminster, the reality is that more and more former Labour supporters are turning to the SNP. “
Earlier, Alex Salmond, the former party leader, made clear it would be possible for the SNP to “co-operate” with a Corbyn-led Labour Party on key issues like opposing austerity and nuclear weapons.
While the MP for Gordon stressed he did not agree with the London MP on everything, he described him as a substantial politician and denounced the “demonization” of him by the Metropolitan Press.
It has been estimated since the election up to 140,000 people have joined, registered, or associated to Labour, enabling them to vote in the leadership contest.
Labour backbencher John Mann warned the situation was "totally out of control" and demanded the contest be halted.
However, Andy Burnham, the Shadow Health Secretary, who had been the favourite until shock polls put Mr Corbyn ahead by a sizeable margin, branded demands for a pause "unhelpful".
"I'm comfortable with people joining the Labour Party. Of course, there are processes in place to check if somebody is joining for the wrong reasons and the party has got long-established procedures to deal with that, and I don't have any evidence that that is happening on any wide scale."
Mr Corbyn, meantime, stressed he only wanted genuine Labour supporters to participate but also appeared unconcerned, saying the growth in the Labour roster was mainly due to “lots of young people who were hitherto not very excited by politics coming in for the first time".
Commenting on the plight of Scottish Labour, Mr Corbyn said it was "way out of touch with the general ambit of a lot of Scottish public opinion on Trident, on austerity, on housing, on welfare issues”.
He added: “Labour in Scotland is going to grow again; it will rediscover again essentially what its roots are".
Share this article:
Residents of a Lomita condominium complex filed suit Friday against the city of Rancho Palos Verdes and a cemetery, seeking $17 million in damages and a court order to stop rooftop interments that occur within eyesight of the homeowners.
Residents of the Vista Verde complex state in their Los Angeles Superior Court nuisance lawsuit that human remains are interred within the Pacific Terrace Mausoleum at Green Hills Memorial Park, only eight feet away from their property line.
Green Hills' rooftop burials have created “conditions harmful to the physical and mental health and well-being of plaintiffs, in that (they) have had to endure their privacy being invaded by mourners at funerals glaring into their living rooms,” the suit states.
Representatives of the city and Green Hills did not immediately return calls for comment.
The residents say they no longer have the “unencumbered” use of their balconies because of the funerals and the gathering of mourners. They also have lost the views they once had from their balconies, have had to endure noise from the digging of plots, and cannot enjoy the pools and common areas of the complex the way they did before, according to their lawsuit.
Building permits for the Pacific Terrace Mausoleum were issued by the city to Green Hills in February 2012 and construction was finished in September 2013, the suit says.
Soon after the residents complained about the rooftop interments, the city hired an outside consultant to investigate how Green Hills was able to build a mausoleum so close to the plaintiffs' property and 30 feet above ground, the suit states.
“The results of the city's investigation found that while the city's planners and planning director committed errors and oversights in how they administered Green Hill's land use entitlement requests, the opinion was that the administrative errors were not intentional,” according to the lawsuit.
However, the investigation also found that Green Hills “had practiced deceit and made false representations to the city” which led to the rooftop interments, the suit alleges.
“Nothing in the city's zoning code specifically allows for the interments on the roof of any structure within a cemetery,” the suit says, adding, “nothing in state law contemplates the interment of human remains on rooftops.”
Green Hills has never sought a variance permitting the interment of deceased individuals, according to the suitthat includes several exhibits, including a photo of a rooftop interment taken from the balcony of a plaintiff's unit.
— City News Service
Condo owners see dead people, sue cemetery for $17M was last modified: by
>> Want to read more stories like this? Get our Free Daily Newsletters Here!
Follow us:
After months of vocal debate, Houston Mayor Sylvester Turner said the city won't move forward with a proposal to build a mixed-income, 233-unit public housing development in the city's Briargrove area. The project would have been the Houston Housing Authority's first in what's considered a "high opportunity" neighborhood, with access to well ranked schools and community amenities.
The mayor cited some of the same issues that opponents of the project have rallied around, including its high price tag -- $240,000 per unit, according to Turner's statement about his decision. The mayor's support for the project is required to get federal funding through the Low Income Housing Tax Credit program, so without it, the Fountain View location would be much more expensive for the Houston Housing Authority to build. Instead, Turner asked the authority to look for an alternative location in the same city council district, District G, and he encouraged the authority to look to other ways of providing housing assistance in high opportunity neighborhoods, like the housing choice vouchers program
Turner's move drew strong rebuke from affordable housing advocates, who said the decision contradicts federal law and a recent U.S. Supreme Court ruling that says affordable housing can't be concentrated in poor areas..
Over at the Housing Authority, leaders say 2640 Fountain View is still on the table, but moving forward with it could mean taking another project -- either in Fifth Ward, Independence Heights or Acres Homes -- off the table. The authority responded to the mayor's concern about the project's price in a statement, saying that the high value of the land and the decision to build less densely made it more expensive than its projects in other neighborhoods.
Now, the Housing Authority is asking for alternative proposals in a request to be issued Monday, August 8.
Leah Binkovitz, staff writer for the Kinder Institute's Urban Edge, spoke with Houston Housing Authority Chairman Lance Gilliam about the controversial project and what's next. (Editor's Update: Gilliam resigned his position Aug. 5, two days after this piece was published). This interview has been slightly edited and condensed for clarity.
Binkovitz: Let's start with Mayor Turner's decision. One of the housing goals his transition team listed as "under consideration" when he took office was to double the number of annual affordable units produced in emerging and high opportunity zones, like this one. So did his decision not to bring the Fountain View plan before City Council surprise you?
Gilliam: I don't know that we were surprised. Mayor Turner had this under consideration for quite a while. We have been looking forward to his response. We wanted to earn his support. I know he's been very thoughtful and he's been very concerned about the same issues we were – process and being good stewards of taxpayer funds. We're excited to actually have direction from the mayor. It's a tremendous amount of money and taxpayer money that we have to honor. So I'm happy to get the direction.
Binkovitz: The backlash to this project was strong. At a meeting with the community where this was to be built, your colleague Tory Gunsolley literally told residents, “We're not evil. We are good at what we do.” What made this location such a lightning rod?
Gilliam: I honestly don't think it was special. We had a very similar meeting that we attended that was actually hosted by the community in regard to the Pinemont site about a year earlier. There were comments about future residents, people who these folks in the community had never met, but yet I think the exact term was “thugs, killers and folks of this ilk.”
I've heard [opponents to the Fountain View project] protest a number of times, “We're not racist.” Every time they list their litany of concerns, there's that. But this wasn't that bad. It's unfortunate that I've become used to this. I should be shocked by it.
Binkovitz: A lot of the criticism was about process and transparency. Would you have done anything differently looking back on it?
Gilliam: We had legal requirements we met and exceeded. We've never entered a neighborhood where somebody said, “We really want low-income housing.” Would we have done something differently? I honestly can't say that we would have. I've never been shy about it. My father, brother, and sister-in-law all live in that neighborhood. I grew up just west of there. I live just east of there. I drive through it twice a day. There have been no secrets about this.
Binkovitz: So in addition to transparency, there were a few other common objections, can you talk about those briefly?
Gilliam: Traffic impact; that's very easy to dismiss. The impact on traffic is negligible. It's like 13 cars a day on a street that carries 13,000 cars a day. They were looking for problems. That's not a real objection. That's a mask.
The second one, which is the most controversial and there are no good answers on this one, is access to high-performing schools. The reality is there are three elementary schools within less than a mile of the site, that all were either at capacity or even capped. I personally went to a lunch with [then-Superintendent] Dr. Grier back in 2012, when I first was coming on as chairman of our board. I wanted to make sure our development plans were coordinated with HISD's. We shared that information with them. We sent one of our staff members over there with a senior demographer, and the guys were clear: all of our high-performing schools operate consistently at capacity or are capped. But we figured out that based on our projections, we'd have about 40 -- their metric indicated about 60 -- school-aged children. But there's 3,000 elementary school seats, which includes another overflow school that will soon be open, so there was an opportunity to absorb new students.
No child at Briargrove that was currently there was being displaced; any child who was there had the opportunity to return. What really happened was folks came up to me and said, “This is our school. We paid for it. We pay property taxes. These folks don't pay taxes like we do. This is our school and they don't deserve to come here.” There's a real big problem with that. It's not their school. It's HISD's school.
Binkovitz: Given those objections and the fact that Turner has said he still wants this project in that general area, what would be different at any other site?
Gilliam: I honestly don't know. I'm super open minded to it … at the end of the day your question is very pertinent. Why would we think that given the experience we've had to date, and the fact we have failed twice very publicly, that anybody else wouldn't say, “It's not that hard, just yell loud enough and they'll go away.” That ultimately violates the law.
Binkovitz: Advocates and your own executive director have said not going with Fountain View could open the city up to some potential fair housing lawsuits. Can you talk about that?
Gilliam: I'm not an attorney, just a layman who knows a little bit more about this than most folks. We have a deep concern that in our unequivocal obligation to affirmatively further affordable housing. This is the linchpin toward our city being able to move forward in honoring its commitment. The law is clear. There are cases out the kazoo.
I'm extremely concerned about making sure that as a city and an authority we honor our commitment. I grew up in District G. We're going to need to stay in that [area], and not just with this development, but probably another one to continue to balance out as we reinvest in communities that tend to be lower income and of color we need to offset those developments with equal choices in other communities that tend to be higher income and less diverse.
Binkovitz: In light of the recent Supreme Court ruling, there's a central question here about access to opportunity. Can you talk about what living in a high opportunity neighborhood means?
Gilliam: The mayor has said, and I couldn't agree with him more, "I don't like that term." It's offensive. It assumes there are low opportunity neighborhoods. There's another term that gets used which is "amenities." I don't think schools and access to healthy food and open spaces are amenities. I think they are in some cases rights. There's absolutely a correlation between communities' incomes and access to grocery stores. There's absolutely a correlation between a community's income and often times color and the performance rating of their schools, and it breaks my heart because it's not fair. Mayor Turner is remarkably passionate about this.
The impacts on these families living in those communities that don't have access -- it's across the board. Every bit of data we have show that kids are better off, and families are better off, when they are given access to these amenities. There's a compelling reason to invest in high opportunity neighborhoods, but at the same time we can't abandon others, and we need to invest in our schools.
Binkovitz: So what happens next?
Gilliam: What will be fascinating will be in about 30 days, after we get feedback.
Our question, of course, is what happens if after we look again, we find out we were actually pretty smart, and it comes back that Fountain View is the best site in District G? Will we have then earned the mayor's support?
A SAN Diego woman distraught over losing out on her family's dream house carried out a perverse revenge scheme to have the home's new owner raped, prosecutors said.
The defendant, Kathy Rowe, claims the scheme was a childish prank that got out of control and she intended no harm.
Rowe, 52, began by carrying out mild hoaxes on the young husband-and-wife homebuyers — like putting a stop on their mail and sending religious missionaries to their doorstep, U-T San Diego reported.
Her actions soon became criminal, according to prosecutors. Rowe allegedly posed as the wife in online adult entertainment ads titled “Carmel Valley Freak Show,” inviting strange men over to the couple's home for sex and describing scenarios of a rape fantasy to those who responded. The wife's photo and address were included in the postings.
“I love to be surprised and have a man just show up at my door and force his way in the door and on me, totally taking me while I say no,” Rowe wrote to one man who responded, according to the newspaper.
One man decided to follow up on the offer, but was thwarted once by a locked gate and a second time when the husband answered the door.
The state appeals court last week ruled that Rowe, a county administrative analyst, will have to answer to felony counts of solicitation of rape and solicitation of sodomy — two charges that a Superior Court judge previously dismissed from the case.
In a letter to a judge, Rowe described as “devastating” the moment in 2011 when she lost the house due to miscommunication with real estate agents, and a more attractive bid from the other couple. She had her heart set on the home because it was a single story, to accommodate her severely disabled daughter, and had a pool, to provide exercise for her husband following a heart attack.
“The anger and grief over losing that house (and especially in the way we did) drove me to behave in a very childish way and to do what I thought were childish pranks to let off steam and ease the pain,” Rowe said. “I never intended for them to be hurtful.”
Neither the couple nor their lawyer responded to a request from U-T San Diego for comment.
Sometimes you need a cold soda, chips, tampons and an Amazon Echo ASAP.
Amazon (AMZN) is taking on the convenience store with Amazon Instant Pickup, a new service it launched on Tuesday. Instant pickup lets customers order from a limited list of basic supplies and Amazon devices from the app, then pick them up from a nearby pickup locker "within two minutes."
The company is starting with customers often associated with sudden cravings for snacks: college students.
Instant Pickup will make use of the company's existing network of pickup locations -- small spaces with rows of lockers, an inventory room and a staff of Amazon employees. Currently the lockers are used by customers to pick up regular Amazon Prime packages and drop off returns.
Related: Amazon wrecked the mall. Now it's coming for the grocery store
It works similarly for the Instant Pickup. A Prime customer uses the Amazon app to choose what they want from among hundreds of non-perishable foods, personal care items and other products that are stocked at the location. Then one of the location employees will quickly move the goods into a locker.
Related: Germany's Aldi takes on Amazon in food fight
Impulse buys are also available, should customers decide they want something sweet and salty once they get there.
Starting this week, Instant Pickup will be available at five campus locations in Los Angeles, Atlanta, Columbus, Ohio, Berkeley, California and College Park, Maryland. Amazon plans on expanding Instant Pickup to its 22 U.S. college locations as early as next week.
Amazon regularly experiments with different food and grocery services. It's planning to buy Whole Foods, and is testing Blue Apron-like meal kits delivery service. AmazonFresh Pickup, only available in two Seattle locations, has employees put groceries right in the trunk of your car.
I was sat on the sofa the other day, minding my own business, when the youngest one wondered up and punched me in the face with his tommee tippee cup.
The blow was hard, for a not quite 2 year old, and as I watched the bruise rise around my left eye I couldn't help but thinking it was somewhat metaphorical – signifying that the baby days were well and truly over.
Welcome to TODDLERHOOD, season 2.
I think I may have blocked out some of the horrors of the first series but lately I've been having flashbacks. I remember my first son tantruming to the extent that his face turned deep blue and his body lay jerking on the floor. I remember screaming, convinced that he was having some sort of seizure and dashing for my phone to call 999.
As it turned out he was just a ‘bit' pissed off that I had broken his banana in half. And at that moment, all the anger at being given an incomplete bit of fruit, was deemed more significant than actually – just breathing.
And now it's happening again. My dear sweet bumbling boy has been possessed by an inner demon. His once pliable little body working against my every move.
So what do you do? Don protective headgear and sit cowering under the stairs or write a list of everything that pisses them off in order to stem off any aggravation?
Hmm lets see. Things that cause a meltdown include:
Being buckled into the buggy without a biscuit
Seeing a bus and not being on it
Not being allowed to tip your water all over yourself
Being wet because you tipped your water all over yourself
A finite supply of blueberries
Not being able to feed the cat yoghurt
The cat not liking yoghurt
Not being able to draw on the table
Not being able to draw
Not being able to eat pens
Not being able to eat play-doh
Eating play-doh
Eating soil
Eating soap
Being hungry because you won't eat any actual food
Not being allowed to store pen lids in your mouth
Not being able to shut your brother in the toy box
Wanting to bend non bendy things
Breaking things by bending them
Not being allowed to throw objects of your choosing out of windows
Cloud Babies
Scrambled egg
Bean juices on your hands after eating beans with your hands
Not being allowed to bash the TV with a sword
Your socks being on slightly twisted
Not being able to take your socks off yourself
Not having socks on
Socks
Wearing gloves
Having cold hands
Sliced, as opposed to cubed, cheese
Pigeons
I could go on but you get the gist… If you want me I'll be under the stairs (with a stash of gin).
**************
P.S. I have TWO books out now! You can nab them on Amazon here or in all good bookshops and supermarkets :)
Newcastle United's Adelaide-born prodigy Bradden Inman is still refusing to commit his national team future to Australia, despite speaking of his excitement at the prospect of pulling on the green and gold.
The 21-year-old is a potential Socceroos bolter as he flourishes on loan at English League One side Crewe, where he's scored six times in 17 appearances in his role as an attacking midfielder with a license to cut in from the left.
But his ties to Scotland, who he is eligible to play for through his mother, remain strong, having represented them regularly at under 19 and 21 levels. Inman is clearly in two minds over his international allegiance but did admit to feeling a sense of national pride when called into an under-age camp by Holger Osieck in March 2011.
"Being born in Australia and playing my juniors there, that's what you want to do, you want to play for Australia. I got to play for them once when we had an Under-23 camp in Germany and that was a great experience, I buzzed off that, representing my country," Inman said.
But when asked what his answer would be if called up by Osieck for either the March 26 FIFA World Cup qualifier with Oman or another camp soon after, he stopped short of a definite yes.
"It would be good to play for Australia and hopefully one day I get the chance but I'd still still have to talk it through with people and my family," he said.
"It's a big decision that I'll have to make very soon, when the time comes hopefully I'll make the right decision," he continued.
"You're fighting for proper points and league positions, so that's really helped me.
"He (Pardew) told me I would become more of a man from the experience and that it takes courage to go to a new team and try and fit in."
The South Australian has sat on the bench twice for the Newcastle first team and now needs to build on an impressive first three months at Crewe in order to win a new contract and make that long awaited debut.
"I've seen some of the other reserves lads have broken through so that encourages you to push even harder," he said.
"I've just got to continue to do well this season and hopefully go back in the summer and try and do well in the friendlies and prove what I'm able to do."
What should Malcolm Turnbull do if he receives a call seeking our involvement in an ill-conceived foreign conflict? This disclosure puts a new complexion on the much-discussed call, which ended with Mr Trump describing it as "the worst call by far" of a series with national leaders, according to the Washington Post's account in details denied by neither government. The experience, it seems, may have been so unpleasant for him because he didn't get his way. He cut short the scheduled one-hour call after 25 minutes. Until now, it was not clear whether Mr Trump had opposed the deal, or had merely complained about it so that he could be seen to be reluctant, or that he had argued over its terms. His unhappiness was on display when he tweeted, after the call with Mr Turnbull, that "I will study this dumb deal".
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull reportedly persuaded Donald Trump to honour the refugee resettlement deal. Credit:AP His spokesman, Sean Spicer, later conveyed the same reluctance when he told the media that "the deal that was cut by the last administration is something that he [Mr Trump] is extremely, extremely upset with. "He does not like it, but out of respect for him [Mr Turnbull], he's going to allow that process - continue to study it and allow it to move forward under the conditions that have been set - that there will be extreme vetting on every single one of those individuals." President Donald Trump with Mike Flynn (centre) and Steve Bannon (right) in the Oval Office during the call to Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull. Credit:AP The disclosure also explains why Mr Turnbull has declined to elaborate on the call, other than saying it ended courteously.
Evidently, he didn't want to take credit publicly for persuading Mr Trump to change his mind in case this further antagonised the US leader. Mr Turnbull didn't want to give Mr Trump a pretext for revisiting the vexed decision. In resisting the arrangement, Mr Trump told his Australian counterpart that it was "the worst deal ever" and that he was "going to get killed politically" for it, according to the Washington Post. The arrangement for the US to accept asylum seekers from the two Australian offshore camps was originally struck betwen Mr Turnbull and then US president Barack Obama. Mr Trump decided to repudiate it as a deal between two men, but Mr Turnbull apparently persuaded him that it was a deal between two nations.
Mr Turnbull on the weekend said that there was "absolutely" no request from Mr Trump for any quid pro quo. While this is accurate, it is not true that there is no Australian reciprocation. In a separate, earlier agreement, Australia agreed to join a US-led multilateral plan to resettle US refugees from Costa Rica. Loading Under this plan, Australia eventually will accept some of the Costa Ricans, though none has yet been resettled in any third country. While the two arrangements are separate and not linked in any formal way, they do represent, in effect, a trade-off, as sometimes happens between allies with a wide range of shared interests.​
For the bicycle racer, see Tony Hoar
Sir Charles Antony Richard Hoare FRS FREng[3] (born 11 January 1934),[4] is a British computer scientist. He developed the sorting algorithm quicksort in 1959/1960.[5] He also developed Hoare logic for verifying program correctness, and the formal language communicating sequential processes (CSP) to specify the interactions of concurrent processes (including the dining philosophers problem) and the inspiration for the occam programming language.[6][7][8][9][10][11]
Education and early life [ edit ]
Born in Colombo, Ceylon (now Sri Lanka) to British parents, Tony Hoare's father was a colonial civil servant and his mother was the daughter of a tea planter. Hoare was educated in England at the Dragon School in Oxford and the King's School in Canterbury.[12] He then studied Classics and Philosophy ("Greats") at Merton College, Oxford.[13] On graduating in 1956 he did 18 months National Service in the Royal Navy,[13] where he learned Russian.[14] He returned to the University of Oxford in 1958 to study for a postgraduate certificate in Statistics,[13] and it was here that he began computer programming, having been taught Autocode on the Ferranti Mercury by Leslie Fox.[15] He then went to Moscow State University as a British Council exchange student,[13] where he studied machine translation under Andrey Kolmogorov.[14]
Research and career [ edit ]
In 1960, Hoare left the Soviet Union and began working at Elliott Brothers Ltd,[13], a small computer manufacturing firm located in London, where he implemented ALGOL 60 and began developing major algorithms.[16][17] He became the Professor of Computing Science at the Queen's University of Belfast in 1968, and in 1977 returned to Oxford as the Professor of Computing to lead the Programming Research Group in the Oxford University Computing Laboratory (now Department of Computer Science, University of Oxford), following the death of Christopher Strachey. He is now an Emeritus Professor there, and is also a principal researcher at Microsoft Research in Cambridge, England.[18][19][20]
Hoare's most significant work has been in the following areas: his sorting and selection algorithm (Quicksort and Quickselect), Hoare logic, the formal language Communicating Sequential Processes (CSP) used to specify the interactions between concurrent processes, structuring computer operating systems using the monitor concept, and the axiomatic specification of programming languages.[21][22]
Apologies and retractions [ edit ]
Speaking at a software conference called QCon London in 2009, he apologised for inventing the null reference:[23]
I call it my billion-dollar mistake. It was the invention of the null reference in 1965. At that time, I was designing the first comprehensive type system for references in an object oriented language (ALGOL W). My goal was to ensure that all use of references should be absolutely safe, with checking performed automatically by the compiler. But I couldn't resist the temptation to put in a null reference, simply because it was so easy to implement. This has led to innumerable errors, vulnerabilities, and system crashes, which have probably caused a billion dollars of pain and damage in the last forty years.
For many years under his leadership his Oxford department worked on formal specification languages such as CSP and Z. These did not achieve the expected take-up by industry, and in 1995 Hoare was led to reflect upon the original assumptions:[24]
Ten years ago, researchers into formal methods (and I was the most mistaken among them) predicted that the programming world would embrace with gratitude every assistance promised by formalisation to solve the problems of reliability that arise when programs get large and more safety-critical. Programs have now got very large and very critical – well beyond the scale which can be comfortably tackled by formal methods. There have been many problems and failures, but these have nearly always been attributable to inadequate analysis of requirements or inadequate management control. It has turned out that the world just does not suffer significantly from the kind of problem that our research was originally intended to solve.
Books [ edit ]
Personal [ edit ]
In 1962, Hoare married Jill Pym, a member of his research team. [25]
Awards and honours [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
This article incorporates text available under the CC BY 4.0 license.
The 6'5ft kickboxing world champion Katya “Dominator” Kavaleva who trains at one of the best MMA gyms in the world Blackzilians is set to join the WWE in 2017. The “Dominator” has previously revealed to us that she is the
“toughest female in this world” and has “dared” any woman in combat sports to face her.
Kavaleva has been invited to tryout for the WWE from the 1st of February to the 4th. The WWE are said to be very interested in the 6'5ft beauty, with her marketable image and naturally athletic ability she is on the fast track to superstardom. She tells us on the opportunity:
“I am so so excited about this once in a lifetime opportunity to tryout for the most amazing entertainment company. I want to show people my true inner person. Yes I am big and strong and sometimes can be a little crazy. I guess I am like a real life Dr Jeckyl and Mr Hyde I can be sweet soft and real woman like but in an instant can snap and power-bomb someone through the ring! I am
mostly today just feeling honoured to even have this chance to be in the same ring as legends“.
The 6'5ft kickboxer had been campaigning for a MMA fight with Brazil's Gabi Garcia for much of 2016, with fans speculating the two would finally face off on December 31st at the Rizin FF year-end event. Last month it was revealed Garcia would indeed be fighting on December 31st, however it would be against a 52 year old retired pro-wrestler named Shinobu Kandori. This led to fans claiming that Garcia and her team are afraid of the 6'5ft kickboxer. Kavaleva believes that the Brazilian stands “no chance” against her.
Despite the likely move to the WWE, Kavaleva may still fight in MMA if the money is right. We've seen Brock Lesnar fight for the UFC whilst still being under contract with the WWE, it's very possible the same could happen with Kavaleva.
Are you excited to see Kavaleva in the WWE? Who would you like to see her face? Let us know in the comments below.
Follow Katya Kavaleva on social media for all the latest news:
Twitter – CLICK HERE
Facebook – CLICK HERE
Instagram – CLICK HERE
Poll: Support for Medical Marijuana Growing in Utah
Support for legalizing marijuana for medical purposes has reached 64 percent among Utahns, a new UtahPolicy poll shows.
A UtahPolicy poll last December showed 61 percent support – so Utahns seem to be moving toward medical marijuana legalization.
Pollster Dan Jones & Associates asked the latest question after leaders of the Mormon Church came out against the more broad-reaching – and thus more effective – medical marijuana legalization bill now before lawmakers.
The LDS Church issued two statements on bills legalizing medical marijuana now in the Legislature.
The first, a rather vague message opposed Sen. Mark Madsen's bill, which includes THC in the prescribed medicine, the ingredient that gives the so-called “high.”
The second statement came a week later and was more specific as to the reasons to oppose the bill by Madsen, R-Saratoga Springs.
Church leaders take no stand on the original bill by Sen. Evan Vickers, R-Cedar City, which excludes THC, and would only allow various “oils” in the cannabis plant to be prescribed – ingredients that those backing medical marijuana say don't help much with the pain and nausea associated with various diseases and their standards treatments, especially cancer.
However, Vickers has since substituted that bill with another that would allow THC to be administered to a qualifying patient. The THC is limited to 5 percent by weight of the dosage.
That bill now awaits action on the Senate floor calendar.
There are tighter controls in Vickers substitute, however than Madsen's bill. Vickers' substitute would have the state Department of Health issue a medical marijuana card to the patient – not a doctor under Madsen's bill – and would require the patient's doctor to watch the patient's activities carefully -- and would limit the number of patients a physician could recommend for medical marijuana treatment.
Jones finds in a just-completed survey that 64 percent of Utah adults support medical marijuana legalization if prescribed by a licensed doctor (basically the Madsen bill).
A third oppose legalization, and 3 percent don't know.
Madsen held a marathon three-hour hearing on the issue Tuesday night, seeking public input and trying to educate folks about his bill, SB73.
Jones finds there is a vast difference of opinion between Republicans, Democrats and political independents:
Utah Republicans are split on medical marijuana legalization, 49 percent in favor, 47 percent opposed, and 5 percent don't know.
Democrats are overwhelmingly in favor, 95-6 percent, with zero percent undecided.
Political independents are also in favor, 72-27 percent, 2 percent undecided.
Jones polled 625 adults between Feb. 10-15.
The Mormon Church, which did not oppose medical marijuana legalization when other U.S. states passed their laws, first came out against changing Utah law on Feb. 6.
So all of the respondents would have likely heard about that announcement before answering Jones' questions.
Mormon leaders issued their second, expanded opposition-to-Madsen-bill statement on Feb. 13 – toward the end of Jones' polling cycle.
Still, Jones found that those who self-described themselves as “very active” in the LDS Church are still split on legalizing medical marijuana – 48 percent of the “very active” Mormons still favor legalization, 49 percent oppose, and 4 percent of active Mormons are undecided.
Eighty-five percent of Utah Catholics favor legalization; 81 percent of Protestants favor it, and 90 percent of those who said they have no religion support it.
Jones finds that the only demographic group to clearly oppose medical marijuana are those who classify themselves as “very conservative” politically.
The “very conservatives” oppose legalizing medical marijuana, 54-42 percent.
Finally, Tuesday a group of citizens announced that they will try to get on the November 2016 ballot a citizen initiative law legalizing medical marijuana.
That is a tough task to achieve, considering they are starting rather late in the election cycle and will only have a few months to gather the more than 100,000 signatures from registered voters – with 10 percent of the electorate required in 26 of 29 Senate districts.
In 2013-2014, the Count My Vote citizen initiative appeared to have the required signatures, but the organizers spent around $1 million and had a very sophisticated effort to do so.
In his latest poll, Jones surveyed 625 adults from Feb. 1-15, with a margin of error of plus or minus 3.92 percent.
Thus, the GOP-controlled Legislature, 80 percent of whom are active Mormons, has an interesting choice: Do the Republicans follow their party members, who are split on medical marijuana, and the Mormon Church, or do they follow the 64 percent of Utahns who favor some kind of effective medical marijuana legalization?
July 9, 2014 at 5:19 PM
Oculus VR is scoping out a larger presence in Seattle after last month's acquisition of the Carbon Design Group.
“This wasn't a downsizing exercise. This was, ‘Let's upsize our internal engineering capabilities with the Carbon team and continue to expand beyond that,' ” Chief Executive Brendan Iribe said in an interview.
Seattle-based Carbon, which has won awards for the design of products such as Microsoft mice, had been working quietly with Oculus VR on hardware design for some time. Oculus VR had become such a big client, the merger started to seem like an obvious move.
“Internally we got to the point where we were making comments and sometimes jokes that Carbon should just be part of Oculus,” Iribe said. “Then we paused at one pint and said let's see what they think.”
Having a team of experienced hardware designers on hand should help Oculus as it finalizes the design of a virtual-reality headset for consumers. So far the company has released only prototypes aimed at developers.
Peter Bristol, Carbon's creative director, said he's “looking to grow our team within every discipline that we've got because the ask is so big and the challenge is so big.”
“It really is neat to prototype experiences that you've never experienced before, creating hardware that supports that stuff is really exciting for the team,” he said.
The retail headset could be revealed at a developer conference Oculus VR is holding in Los Angeles in September, although Iribe declined to discuss the timetable for its unveiling and launch.
Meanwhile, Iribe is busy hiring. Combined with a group of leading virtual-reality developers hired away from Bellevue's Valve Software this year, Oculus VR now has about 40 people in the Seattle area. Altogether the Irvine, Calif.-based company has “well over 100” employees.
The company has been on a growth tear since it was acquired by Facebook in March for $2 billion.
Earlier this week it acquired gaming middleware provider RakNet, based in Costa Mesa, Calif. The company also is expanding in Irvine, Dallas, San Francisco and Menlo Park, Calif., where a team will be located at Facebook's headquarters.
In Seattle, Oculus VR is now spread between offices on the Eastside and near the University of Washington. It could make sense to put them alongside Facebook's Seattle engineering team, which is reportedly searching for a larger office space, though Iribe said they don't yet have plans in place to co-locate.
“We're still digging into that,” he said.
Acquiring a game studio or two seems like a logical next step, although Iribe said that's not an immediate priority. First the company wants to build its core product, he said.
Building games in-house is on the roadmap, though. Iribe noted that the company recruited Jason Rubin, co-founder of Sony studio Naughty Dog, to be head of its worldwide studios.
“Going out and acquiring additional game studios, we'd have to see one-by-one what made sense and when,” he said, adding that it could acquire other companies.
“We're always looking for unique opportunities where we can extend the platform or the team to make the whole thing more successful.”
On December 26th 2004, a 9.0 earthquake struck off northern Sumatra in Indonesia. This triggered a massive tsunami that affected Indonesia, India, Malaysia, Maldives, Sri Lanka, Thailand, and Africa. What was the lasting environmental impact of the tsunami and what might we expect from the recent Honshu Tsunami?
The environmental impacts of tsunami can be broken down in to sixt major categories. Examples are given from the 2004 tsunami.
Solid Waste, Disaster Debris, and Sewage: The size of a tsunami disaster results in principalities being unable to adequately deal with the sheer magnitude of debris. This increases the likelihood that waste will be disposed of in an environmentally inappropriate manner (open dumping, air burning, dumping in new areas). Hazardous materials, sewage, and toxic substances may also be mixed with ordinary debris. Contamination of soil and water: This includes salinization of rivers, wells, lakes, and groundwater aquifers. Sewage may impact water supplies and impact natural aquatic systems. In the Maldives, one of the most significant impacts of the tsunami was on groundwater. Salt-water intrusion, leaking septic tanks and debris contaminated water wells quickly impacted the groundwater that lies just below the surface. Salination and debris contamination may also lower soil fertility. Loss of Infrastructure and Facilities: UNEP reported extensive damage to environmental infrastructure, buildings and industrial sites. These include water and sanitation systems, solid waste disposal sites, and waste treatment centers. Oil storage facilities released oil and wastes into the environment which subsequently was not handled properly during clean-up. Loss of Natural Ecosystems: Coral reefs, mangroves, coastal areas, wetlands, agricultural fields and forests, and aquaculture areas can be badly damaged. Indonesia's State Ministry of National Development Planning's damage assessment estimated that 20% of seagrass beds, 30% of coral reefs, and 25-35% of wetlands, and 50% of sandy beaches of the west coast, have been damaged. In some local areas, 90% damage was reported to mangroves and coastal forests. In Thailand, 15 to 20% of the coral reefs were affected by the tsunami primarily due to siltation and sand infiltration. In the Nicobar Islands 51-100% of mangrove systems, 41-100% of coral reefs, and 6.5-27% of forest ecosystems were damaged. Mangrove systems near river mouths and channels appear particularly susceptible to loss due to heightened flow concentrated at river mouths and inundation of mangrove forests through river channels. Of course, the disappearance and relocation of beaches was also common. Nutrification of Coastal Waters: Material can be transported from land back to sea. This material can be heavy in nutrients and trace elements that lead to phytoplankton blooms and increases in populations of secondary consumers. With extreme nutrification, hypoxic conditions may be possible. Impact to Biological Communities and Species Due to Factors Above: Inside forests, heavy deposition of sediments on the forest floor may lead changes in the species composition of the organism living on or in the soil. One study suggests mangroves forests were slower to recover. Four years after the tsunami, intertidal and offshore communities appear to be recovered with similar species and number of individuals. However, 1-2 years afterwards a study of non-vegetated area, i.e. sand and mud flats, displayed a considerable reduction in both biodiversity and abundances of species. The rapid recovery of these systems reflects that they are naturally highly variable. In a species of heart urchin some individuals survived the tsunami, but overall juveniles dominated the population. The Nicobar Scrub Fowl, listed as vulnerable on the IUCN Redlist, dwindled from 2,318-4,056 to 395-790 breeding pairs after the tsunami, a decline of 70%. The tsunami also adversely influenced Nicobar Scrub Fowl nest-sites because of loss of suitable habitat. After the tsunami, Long-Tailed Macaques displayed fewer numbers near the coast. Juveniles were also more prevalent in the population. It is hypothesized this reflects the destruction of coastal fruit trees used by the monkeys. Freshwater ponds and peat swamps are also heavily impacted due to salinization. After the tsunami, many impacted ponds and swamps showed no sign to returning to their original species composition.
Although macabre, wildlife may fare better after a tsunami if the human population is greatly reduced. This is particularly true of fisheries.
More than 13,000 fishermen were killed and another 5,000 evacuated in Sri Lanka alone, with 80% of the fishing fleet lost or severely damaged. On the Thai coast, according to the UN Food and Agriculture Organization, 4,500 fishing vessels were smashed, jeopardizing the livelihoods of 120,000 people in fishing villages there.
UPDATE: Jason Goldman has a nice write-up about the some of the early environmental impacts from the Honshu Tsunami at Scientific American.
M. Sanjayan of The Nature Conservancy in Arlington, Virginia, told ScienceInsiderthat the biggest impact on wildlife would be on shorebirds nesting on small islands throughout the Pacific, rather than on the Japanese mainland. Indeed, the majority of wildlife-related news of the tsunami has come from small Pacific islands such as those in the Midway Atoll National Wildlife Refuge…The US Fish and Wildlife Service is nowestimating that the Midway Atoll National Wildlife Refuge sustained losses of that more than 110,000 Laysan Albatross chicks – representing approximately 22% of chicks born this year – along with an estimated two thousand adults. In addition, thosands of Bonin petrels were buried alive, and thousands of fish were washed ashore where they suffocated on Eastern Island.
Sources:
http://www.gdrc.org/uem/disasters/disenvi/tsunami.html
http://www.project-syndicate.org/commentary/jernelov5/English
http://www.unep.org/tsunami/reports/tsunami_indonesia_layout.pdf
Journal of Environmental Management, 89 (1), 4-13 DOI: Srinivas, H., & Nakagawa, Y. (2008). Environmental implications for disaster preparedness: Lessons Learnt from the Indian Ocean Tsunami(1), 4-13 DOI: 10.1016/j.jenvman.2007.01.054
Environmental Geology, 49 (2), 321-331 DOI: Szczuciński, W., Niedzielski, P., Rachlewicz, G., Sobczyński, T., Zioła, A., Kowalski, A., Lorenc, S., & Siepak, J. (2005). Contamination of tsunami sediments in a coastal zone inundated by the 26 December 2004 tsunami in Thailand(2), 321-331 DOI: 10.1007/s00254-005-0094-z
http://www.ias.ac.in/currsci/jul102005/195.pdf
http://www.cabdirect.org/abstracts/20093094216.html
http://www.cabdirect.org/abstracts/20093094212.html
Oryx, 44 (01) DOI: Sivakumar, K. (2009). Impact of the 2004 tsunami on the Vulnerable Nicobar megapode Megapodius nicobariensis(01) DOI: 10.1017/S0030605309990810
Estuarine, Coastal and Shelf Science, 87 (2), 246-252 DOI: Whanpetch, N., Nakaoka, M., Mukai, H., Suzuki, T., Nojima, S., Kawai, T., & Aryuthaka, C. (2010). Temporal changes in benthic communities of seagrass beds impacted by a tsunami in the Andaman Sea, Thailand(2), 246-252 DOI: 10.1016/j.ecss.2010.01.001
http://www.italian-journal-of-mammalogy.it/article/view/4484/pdf
http://rmbr.nus.edu.sg/rbz/biblio/58/58rbz329-348.pdf
Vandalism of houses on market for £1.25m each points to discontent in area where average home costs 12 times salary
A new luxury development in Cambridge has been found vandalised with graffiti. In a surprising move the culprits decided to use Latin, painting the words “loci populum!” and “locus in domos” in large letters across the front and sides of the houses in Water Street, Chesterton.
Mary Beard, professor of classics at Cambridge University, told the BBC: “This is a bit hard to translate, but I think what they're trying to say is that a lovely place has been turned into houses.”
The Latin phrases translate as “local people!” and “place of homes”. Other phrases daubed on to the buildings included “We [heart] our home” and the symbols for dollars, euros and the yen, followed by the phrase “go away”.
The six houses, built on the site of a pub, have gone on the market at a price of £1.25m each.
Cambridge house prices rise nearly 50% since 2010 Read more
“House prices are a massive problem in Cambridge,” said Richard Taylor, a resident who has been campaigning on the development and related issues since it began. The average house price in Cambridge is about £500,000 – at least 12 times the average salary in the area.
“We've got incredibly rich people living one street away from incredibly poor people,” Taylor said. “Clearly somebody is protesting against these houses.”
This is not the first time people from Cambridge have seen a protest in a classical language. In 2015, someone threatened to “remove or destroy” bicycles chained to railings in the city centre, with the warning written in Greek and Latin.
“We do have our eccentrics in the city,” Taylor added, “but it doesn't seem to go together, the ability to write in Latin and being prepared to scrawl on buildings and cause massive amounts of damage.”
A spokesperson for the developer said: “We have been made aware of the incident of criminal damage at our Water Street development and are taking steps to remove the graffiti.
“This appears to be an isolated incident and it has been reported to the police who are investigating. We will be reviewing our current security measures at the location.”
Police said they were alerted to reports of criminal damage to four buildings at 8am on Tuesday and officers were investigating.
Anyone with information should call police on 101 quoting CF0183620417.
A few months ago, I told the story of my becoming a Christian. Today, I'll begin the story of my departure.
If you know any home-schooling, church-going, large families who earnestly seek God in all they do, you have a good picture of my family in my faith-filled days. Ironically, the chain of events that culminated in my loss of faith began because I took my duties as a Christian father seriously.
It happened when my kids started to progress out of our home-school, and eventually out of the private, Christian high school most of them attended. It was time to think about college. My wife and I wanted to give good advice about colleges, and the question came up: should we endorse only creationist colleges, or a broader array of choices?
In our home-school, we taught that God created man; he did not evolve him. I had some questions about creationism, but my allegiance was still with it. I cheered when creationists scored points and pooh-poohed the arguments of evolutionists.
I realized that not all of my children would take readily to the idea of a creationist, and therefore hyper-conservative, school. If I were going to take a strong stand in favor of creationist institutions, I knew I had to resolve once and for all my lingering questions on the subject. It was my duty as a father. (You might well observe that it had always been my duty, and it should not have taken me so long. As you'll see in my story, sometimes we need a wake-up call.) I decided to do some serious research.
It's not like I was totally uninformed. I had been reading creationist books and literature for 20 years. We had subscribed to the monthly publication of the Institute for Creation Research (now available online), and I had devoured each issue.
I had also read a few books by the likes of Carl Sagan, but had been able to chalk up their conclusions to their atheistic assumptions. I had never read a scientific, comprehensive case for evolution by a non-Christian.
And why should I have? Evolutionists were generally non-believers, so they were biased against the truth. Creationists were Christians, so not only could I trust them to present their own case accurately, but they would tell me the real truth about evolution. Right?
Maybe, but with the serious question of college choices in front of me, I decided I should stop and listen to both sides. I browsed the shelves at Barnes & Noble and found a book that seemed germane: Scientists Confront Creationism. The book consisted of essays from scientists in various fields, each explaining how the evidence in his own discipline supported evolution and/or refuted young-earth creationism.
After decades of creationist input; after countless denunciations of evolution from conservative, Christian speakers; after knitting myself into a culture that was anti-evolution; after most of my close friends were creationists; and most of all after investing my entire adult life building a creationist family — with every motivation not to be convinced of evolution — that one book was all it took to convince me that evolution, including the evolution of humans from non-humans, was a reality. The interlocking, independent lines of evidence were that persuasive. It was not the conclusion I wanted, but it was inescapable. Either God was deceiving/testing us by planting mountains of evidence that were contrary to what had actually happened (that seemed unlikely), or evolution was a fact.
The truth of evolution was the least of my problems. Plenty of people manage to be both evangelical and evolutionist. Much more serious was the realization that the people I had trusted the most — the conservative, Christian leaders at the top of the young-earth creationist movement — had been lying to me. These men are not stupid, and they are well-read. Even now, about six years later, I cannot make up my mind as to whether they know they are lying, or whether they are just so committed to one point of view that they are beyond the reach of evidence. Either way, I had learned that I could not trust them.
I felt enormously betrayed. I had spent countless hours with my children in my lap, reading creationist books to them, and now I found out that the authors were more concerned with pushing an agenda than with honestly evaluating evidence.
Even more acute than my disappointment with the conservative Christian elite was my disappointment with myself. The evidence for evolution had been there the whole time, but I had chosen not to seek it out.
It was a real wake-up call.
I had managed to maintain an uneasy sleep through many of the questions that bother a lot of believers — why does God allow so much suffering; why doesn't God grant seemingly worthy prayers; how do we know the Bible is inspired — but I could not sleep through this betrayal of my trust.
Long-dormant questions began to reassert themselves. In most cases, the answers I had been going on were based on the word of evangelical authorities and that was no longer good enough. I had learned that they could be just as untruthful as anyone else. I also realized that I was prone to believe the things I wanted to believe and ignore contrary evidence.
I resolved to do better.
Over a span of four years, I sought answers to my questions. I'll tell you what they were, and what I discovered, in the next post.
For many Montrealers, finding a parking spot close to home is an exercise in frustration at the best of times.
For an increasing number, it has become even more so because of the encroachment of car-sharing companies like Communauto and Car2Go.
“There should be a limit,” said Jo-Anne Wemmers, who lives in Vendôme Village, in southeastern Notre-Dame-de-Grâce. “Maximum two per block.”
Wemmers said it has become nearly impossible to find parking in the neighbourhood even for car-owners who have residents-only street parking permits.
When walking around the block, she has counted as many as 10 car-sharing vehicles in a stretch of road already jam-packed with parked cars ever since the McGill University Health Centre superhospital opened in 2015.
Why so many in this and some other Montreal neighbourhoods, while others are spared?
The answer lies in the fact that decisions about parking regulations are still made by borough administrations rather than the central city.
Only six of 19 boroughs allow car-sharing companies to use universal parking permits. The boroughs are: Plateau-Mont-Royal, Rosemont—Petite-Patrie, Côte-des-Neiges—Notre-Dame-de-Grâce, Mercier—Hochelaga-Maisonneuve, Villeray—St-Michel—Parc-Extension and Sud-Ouest.
The permits cost around $1,400 each depending on the type of vehicle, according to city of Montreal spokesperson Jules Chamberland. The permits allow the companies to leave their vehicles in residential zones without fear of a ticket as long as they respect street maintenance schedules.
The borough of Outremont allows parking in specified zones only. Ville-Marie borough allows only electric car-sharing vehicles to use residential parking.
As for independent municipalities on the island, most don't offer universal parking permits to car-sharing companies. Westmount, for instance, doesn't authorize them.
Result? Shared cars are left to congregate in bordering districts — such as N.D.G. — where universal parking permits are accepted.
Larry Karass, who lives on Grey Ave., said he has observed people leaving the cars on his street and walking home to neighbouring Westmount.
Wemmers — his neighbour — said limits should be imposed on the number that are allowed to park on a given block.
“That has been the idea we have proposed on several occasions to our elected representatives,” to no avail, Wemmers said.
In other words, the dispute has nothing to do with the merits of car-sharing.
“It's a question of balance between car-sharing vehicles and residents,” noted Anouk Laurent, who lives on Marlowe Ave. and has been a member of Communauto.
Jérémi Lavoie, general manager of Car2Go, said every one of his company's shared vehicles removes up to 11 private ones from city streets, preventing up to 14 metric tons of greenhouses gases.
“Each Car2Go vehicle in Montreal is shared by about 107 people, and each Car2Go is used multiple times a day — an ideal alternative to personal vehicles that sit unused the vast majority of the day,” he said, citing a recent three-year study by the Transportation Sustainability Research Centre at the University of California Berkeley.
How it works: Members use an app to locate an available car, unlock the door, find the keys inside and go on their way.
At the end of their trip, they leave the car in one of the company's “home areas,” which includes approved residential zones.
Westmount Mayor Christina Smith said her municipality is fully aware of the environmental benefits, and is in discussions with Car2Go about the possibility of integrating car-sharing into its parking policy.
As it stands, Westmount has extensive resident-only parking and four-hour time limits. Overnight parking is not allowed without a permit. Generally, car-sharing vehicles require spots with longer time limits.
“Parking is at a premium for everyone,” Smith said. “Maybe if there are more Car2Gos, there will be fewer residents needing to own their own car.
“We know this sort of car-sharing business will be much more prevalent in the future.”
In N.D.G., councillor Peter McQueen said most borough councillors would not agree with the idea of restricting the number of car-sharing vehicles in residential-only parking zones.
He added: “Car2Go and Communauto are more than happy to come and move cars as soon as several accumulate on any one street” when they are alerted to the problem.
However, Wemmers said it should not be up to residents to notify the companies, which can identify clustering thanks to the GPS systems aboard their vehicles.
Montreal councillor Lionel Perez, who represents the Darlington district and sits on the executive committee, admits there are some issues with cars clustering in busier areas or along areas that border districts that don't employ the universal permit system.
“The good news is people are actually using these car-sharing vehicles,” Perez said.
These programs not only help the environment, he noted, but also contribute financially to city coffers with each permit purchased.
“Studies throughout the world have demonstrated that the more of these you have, the less car ownership you have,” Perez said.
“The fact that these cars are very noticeable influences the perception that, ‘hey, they're taking away parking,' but very often there's a rotation.”
pfSense software version 2.2.1 will be out soon. Most of the fixes are related to IPsec (esp MOBIKE support), 802.11 (the entire 802.11 / Atheros stack from 11-CURRENT is in the test builds) and PHP 5.5.22. You can follow along in Redmine.
pfSense software version 2.3 will deprecate PPTP as a supported protocol. All PPTP support will be removed in version 2.3. PPTP is a flawed, broken protocol. MSCHAPv1 was broken in 1998). Its replacement, MSCHAPv2, has been known to be weak for nearly as long. MSCHAPv2 can be brute forced in a matter of hours as was demonstrated at DEFCON in 2012. There is even an online service to break it.
The above only deals with authentication. The encryption used in PPTP, MPPE, uses RC4, which is today considered quite weak. Worse there is no message authentication, so it is possible for an attacker to modify your traffic in transit, quite possibly without being detected. And RC4 is getting weaker by the day. Microsoft, for their part, recommend using L2TP or IPSec or SSTP. OpenVPNis also a possibility. We recommend L2TP/IPsec or OpenVPN, and the L2TP/IPsec support is one of the many reasons we upgraded the IPsec in pfSense 2.2 to Strongswan, rather than raccoon.
With version 2.3 we will also update all packages including: php 5.6, and all other ports that have new versions in the FreeBSD ports tree.
The other major change in pfSense version 2.3 will be a change of ‘package' technology from PBIs to pkg(ng). We are following Baptiste Daroussin's work on src to see if we can find a way to move even the FreeBSD base to pkg. If we can, than all components of pfSense will be available as packages, and pfSense itself can be a (meta) package. This will allow more rapid release cycles, as individual components can be tested apart from a monolithic release.
If we find we cannot go to pkg for base, a “pfsense-update” analog of freebsd-update will be developed. Part of what you should read here is that pfSense is moving even closer to its FreeBSD base.
Obviously, there will be changes to the build system required to accommodate these. If you are familiar with the pfSense build system, subsystems such as “pfPorts” will be deprecated in-favor of a much more FreeBSD-like build system. Frankly, the pfSense build system has been a hinderance to the project almost from the beginning. While we've made some improvements, especially during the past two years, I anticipate moving the project to something much more like Crochet with time.
But, in the end, one way or the other, pfSense should be available as a (meta) “package” on top of FreeBSD.
Finally, we understand that some people are excited about other projects' webGUI changes. Frankly, we see this as less important that improving the security and performance of pfSense, but we do understand that making the GUI more appealing has some utility. The situation would, of course, be somewhat different were pfSense a web app. Still, we are not blind to the need. One of the great things about pfSense is that it is Open Source. Another is that it has a large community around it. To that end, we've been following a project by Sjon Hortensius and Sander van Leeuwen to convert pfSense to bootstrap. It should be of some interest that Sjon has also recently started fixing issues in OPNsense. Sjon and Sander do very good work. If this project can complete in-time, (and we are willing to help), we will include it in pfSense 2.3.
pfSense software version 3.0 is a longer-term project. pfSense 3.0 is a major re-write consisting of 4 major components.
First, we will be removing all of the PHP from the system. Yes, all of it.
The PHP code in pfSense supports two major functions. First, it serves to generate the HTML for the WebGUI. Second, it serves as an orchestration system, it is used to build config files for the various subsystems, (using config.xml), and serving to ensure that if a given subsystem is changed (say, an interface gets a new address) that the other systems that need to be reconfigured are reconfigured (and in certain cases, restarted).
This PHP code was, of course, inherited from m0n0wall, and has grown (organically in many cases) over the decade since pfSense was forked from m0n0wall. As such it does not use more modern architectures (such as pub-sub) which reduce the need for the whole system to function as a single, monolithic blob. Even Manuel Kasper (the original author of m0n0wall) has recently told me, “looking back I'm not very proud of the architectural mess that I created when I started m0n0wall as an inexperienced 19-year-old.”
Personally, I have no time for PHP, especially for a bunch of PHP that runs as root. So, for pfSense 3.0 Python will be used to write a new configuration and orchestration system and to expose a REST API into this system. The resulting API can be used for at least three purposes:
1) the WebGUI will be re-written to leverage this REST API. This separation should be good for the project in a number of ways. Principally, there will be a defined “control plane” for pfSense, allowing the WebGUI can be changed independently of the core project.
2) the REST API can be used by people in the field of devops to automate the configuration of (potentially many) instances of pfSense. There has been a long-rumored “pfCenter” project, but no good way to implement same. With the REST API in-place, “pfCenter” can become a reality. In addtion, plugging into other Open Source orchestration systems such as Chef, Puppet, and Ansible, or (my favorite), Saltstack (yea, python!) becomes much more possible. (If you happen to be at SaltConf next week, be sure to find me and say ‘Hi'.)
3) More automated testing can be performed. While we've started on a test suite, and this has provided some early fruit. See the paper: “Measure Twice, Code Once: Network Performance Analysis for FreeBSD” to be presented at AsiaBSDcon in March. Of possible interest, the testing performed for this paper shows that pfSense is much faster than both FreeBSD 11-CURRENT and OpenBSD 5.6 on the same C2758 hardware.
Though the early results are good, much more can be done. By having a REST API, we can use Conductor and similar tools to configure pfSense, generate test coverage, and then reconfigure pfSense for the next tests. We have also recently obtained copy of Ixia BreakingPoint Virtual Edition to perform further validation of the results of each build. We will be running this on a cluster of rack-mount Intel NUCs, purpose-built for this exercise and dedicated to semi-continuous testing.
Second, the package system from FreeBSD will be brought fully to bear. The ideal here is that “pfSense” is, itself, a package on top of FreeBSD. Releases as installable images would still occur, but overall the large majority of users should be able to move to something with much a more rapid and granular rate of change compared to the existing mechanism.
Third, the core of pfSense (pf, packet forwarding, shaping, link bonding/sharing, IPsec, etc) will be re-written using Intel's DPDK.
DPDK is a set of libraries and drivers for fast packet processing. It was designed to run on any processors knowing Intel x86 has been the first CPU to be supported. Ports for other CPUs like IBM Power 8 are in-progress.
We have a goal of being able to forward, with packet filtering at rates of at least 14.88Mpps. This is “line rate” on a 10Gbps interface. There is simply no way to use today's FreeBSD (or linux) in-kernel stacks for this type of load. Since this work is only available on certain, select Ethernet cards (mostly 1Gbps/10Gbps/40Gbps Intel interfaces as well as various VMware and Xeon ‘virtualization' NICs. Other vendors, including Broadcom, Myrianet, Chelsio and Cisco have shown interest. This also means that the underlying kernel and system will be 64-bit only.
And finally, pfSense will move to use even more advanced encryption techniques for IPsec, TLS and OpenVPN. It should be well-known by now that Netgate and the FreeBSD Foundation co-sponsored a project to enable AES-GCM for IPsec, enabling faster encryption speeds on Intel and AMD processors that support AES-NI instructions. On a pair of fast quad core Xeon systems we can run IPsec at over 2Gbps now. More speed is possible, and I expect the first results showing this to be a port of Intel's “QuickAssist”. On a C2758, this should provide around 8Gbps of IPsec throughput. Other, more exotic QuickAssist hardware exists to take this throughput to 40Gbps and beyond. Additionally, more speed can be had from better “pipelined” implementations of AES-GCM and AES-CBC on existing and near-future Intel CPUs. In particular, SHA1 and SHA256 can be accelerated via AVX2 instructions, reducing the time required for AH processing in IPsec (and its similar processing in OpenVPN and OpenSSL) on processors that support AVX/AVX2.
The overriding goal here is to be able to provide commodity systems that can run IPsec, OpenVPN and https (TLS) at rates exceeding 10Gbps.
Since there are a very large number of existing systems that can't run DPDK, and that aren't able to run 64-bit code, pfSense 2.x will continue as a separate, parallel train. You will not be abandoned if you can't run (or don't want to run) the 3.0 release, and yes, we will bring the API and webGUI back to pfSense 2.x after it is implemented on 3.0, so even pfSense 2.x will eventually have all of the PHP removed.
Finally, since I mentioned OpenSSL, let me say this: Other projects may explore alternative implementations of OpenSSL (e.g. LibreSSL), but pfSense is unlikely to do this for three reasons:
1) OpenSSL had its issues, but a good, long-time (> 30 year) friend named Rich Salz is now leading the development there. I've known Rich since 1985, and I trust his leadership of the OpenSSL project.
2) Intel is focused on OpenSSL, as is the Linux Foundation, and their funding. There will be more test path coverage and more performance work in OpenSSL than any other implementation.
3) I don't like the attitude of the people behind the LibreSSL project. Talking smack about the project you forked from is bad form. I'll say no more than to quote Frank Zappa on the subject.
So, Get on the bus. :-)
300 Point Dow Gains? During Bear Markets ONLY
Merrill Lynch's David Rosenberg was on CNBC this morning, discussing the current Bear Market. He noted that this was the sixth 300 point rallies to occur since September 2007 (markets peaked the next month) -- a period of time which can only be described as a Bear Market.
Even more intriguing, he observed that EVERY 300 point DJIA rally has occurred ONLY during bear markets. (Even the 1998 LTCM crisis saw two single-day gains of more than 300 points, September 8 and October 15, 1998. At its intra-day lows, 1998 had a 20% decline).
During the 2000 to 2002 bear market, the DJIA had 15 days where it gained more than 300 points. The first was March 15, 2000 (five days after the NASDAQ peaked) and the last was October 15, 2002, near the bottom of the bear market.
Hence, the odds are against making money chasing these 300+ point rallies.
During the 2002 to 2007 bull market, the DJIA had no days where it gained more than 300 points.
Jim Bianco asks: "What does the stock market do during bear markets? It has days where it gains more than 300 points in a day. What doesn't the stock market do in a bull market? It does not have days where it gains more than 300 points in a day."
What does yesterday's rally say about the state of the stock market . . .?
300 Dow Point Gains ONLY Happen in Bear Markets:
Source: Merrill Lynch
~~~
Note: Watch Steve Liesman school Jack Bouroudjian -- he is essentially using the argument I gave him over the weekend when we taped a discussion on Credit Risk. We should see some or most of that interview when CNBC does its big Maine trip wrap up over Labor Day Weekend.
Wednesday, August 06, 2008 | 03:29 PM | Permalink | Comments (26) | TrackBack (1)
add to de.li.cious | digg this! | add to technorati | email this post
TrackBack TrackBack URL for this entry:
https://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d8341c52a953ef00e553d1adb08833 Listed below are links to weblogs that reference 300 Point Dow Gains? During Bear Markets ONLY: » 300 Point Rallies: Final Point from The Big Picture
One final note on our prior discussions of 300 point rallies: The first firm to make note of this (as far as I can tell) was a study by Lowry's Reports. They discovered that during the 2000-2003 bear market, there were sixteen three hundred-point up da... [Read More] Tracked on Aug 15, 2008 11:41:49 AM
Comments
There are a lot of reasons to be skeptical of this market - but that "analysis" from the ML strategist is one of the weakest pieces of research that I've seen in many years.
Posted by: dan | Aug 6, 2008 3:53:51 PM
Former IS fighter says group is killing women and children who try to flee
Former IS fighter says group is killing women and children who try to flee
A former Islamic State fighter has told Sky News the group is shooting women and children fleeing areas under their control to deter others from escaping.
Abu Ahmed, who is now a prisoner of the Kurdish authorities, said he had been given orders to shoot to kill.
"People tried to flee, because of the conditions in Mosul, to Kurdistan or Baghdad but they would be blown up by IEDs and if they weren't they'd be shot at even if they were kids," he said.
"The thing people care about the most is their children, the hardest thing for anybody to see is their child being hurt even if it's not with a weapon but IS are going to use guns on children."
Each day more of Islamic State's territory is being retaken. The villages outside Mosul bear the scars of the fighting.
Apocalyptic scenes in battle for Mosul
But despite the destruction there are celebrations as people taste freedom once again.
We witnessed jubilant crowds in Fadhiliya - 10 miles east of Mosul - as a shopkeeper arrived with the first supplies of cigarettes for two years.
Smoking was forbidden under Islamic State.
Many people though are still frightened.
:: Islamic State kills 232 and abducts 8,000 families near Mosul
Hamza, who worked as a translator for the US military in 2003, told me he feared IS would come back.
He said: "We are happy but we are also very scared - for the last two years I stayed in my house because I feared they would hurt or kill me as an unbeliever."
There are more than a million civilians trapped inside Mosul and many of them are being used as human shields.
Some people have been liberated or have escaped to the refugee camps, but the spectre of a major humanitarian catastrophe is looming as the offensive to retake the city moves closer.
Former Egyptian minister of trade and industry Rachid Mohamed Rachid is banned from leaving the country, the attorney-general announced Friday as hundreds of thousands of citizens continued to take to the streets demonstrating their demand for the immediate departure of President Hosni Mubarak.
Rashid, a businessman who served as minister until last week, also had his bank accounts frozen. When in office, he was largely responsible for public-private partnerships, internal commerce and international trade agreements.
Ahmed Ezz, a steel magnate and member of parliament from the ruling National Democratic Party, December 1, 2010. AP
The UN estimates 300 people have died in the unrest which was inspired in part by protests in Tunisia which forced Tunisian strongman Zine al-Abidine Ben Ali to flee last month and which have since spread to other parts of the Middle East.
The announcement came a day after travel bans and asset freezes were also slapped on several other senior businessmen and former ministers - including Ahmed Ezz, a steel magnate and member of parliament from the ruling National Democratic Party and Habib el-Adly, the much-despised former interior minister.
The Youm7 news magazine reported that el-Adly was expected to face an emergency state security court on charges of treason and causing a security vacuum, following police clashes with anti-government protesters last Friday.
Embattled President Hosni Mubarak sacked his cabinet last week, amid growing unrest, and then reappointed about two-thirds of ministers back to their posts several days later.
More From Everybody's Gone to the Rapture
More From Everybody's Gone to the Rapture
More From Everybody's Gone to the Rapture
More From Everybody's Gone to the Rapture
More From Everybody's Gone to the Rapture
More From Everybody's Gone to the Rapture
More From Everybody's Gone to the Rapture
More From Everybody's Gone to the Rapture
More From Everybody's Gone to the Rapture
More From Everybody's Gone to the Rapture
More From Everybody's Gone to the Rapture
More From Everybody's Gone to the Rapture
The Emotional Storytelling of Everybody's Gone to the Rapture - IGN First
The Emotional Storytelling of Everybody's Gone to the Rapture - IGN First
Share. Beautiful apocalypse. Beautiful apocalypse.
IGN First this month is about a handful of special games, and this week we're focussing on Everybody's Gone to the Rapture, Sony's upcoming first-person emotional exploration game for PS4.
Today we're starting with a commentary with creative director Dan Pinchbeck and composer Jessica Curry over 13 minutes of new gameplay footage captured from pre-beta code (yes, it looks that good already). But we'll be following up with an in-depth interview with the pair, in which we dig deeper into the unique emotional storytelling behind the experience, before a more detailed look at how music is being used to support and further the narrative.
If you don't know, Everybody's Gone to the Rapture is a story that begins with the end of the world. Post-apocalyptic narratives, of course, aren't that unusual in video games, but this one is very different. There are no wastelands or mutants, with events unfolding in a peaceful and still beautiful English village. Its inhabitants, however, have simply disappeared, and you must unravel the mystery of what took place.
Stay tuned for more on Everybody's Gone to the Rapture all week long.
Daniel is IGN's Games Editor over in London. He writes about movies, too. You can be part of the world's most embarrassing cult by following him on IGN and Twitter.
I took Purity in one long gallop, reading it over four days at my friend's house. Sarah had already read it, and was desperate for me to hurry up and finish so we could talk about it. The minute I put it down, I went to go find her. She was wearing clean white shorts and a miraculously uncreased blue linen shirt. I was wearing a regretted purchase from H&M — a white cotton dress with little roses on it that looked fine in the shop, but depressing on me. I told Sarah that I'd finished and she said, “Have you noticed,” she asked, “the clothes thing?”
Yes, the clothes thing. The whole point of Jonathan Franzen is the richness of his description, his eye for a telling detail. Where are all the clothes, then? Why are there almost no descriptions of what anyone is wearing? It seems like the most amazing oversight. How is it possible that two characters can have an extremely detailed conversation about a third character being “jealous of the internet”, or that we are subjected to a long and over-vivid description of Pip's boring job, or the smells of different kinds of soil, and yet we are given almost nothing in the way of clothing? They all might as well be walking around naked. The only detailed description of an outfit in the first section, for instance, is the following: “she saw Stephen sitting on the front steps, wearing his little-boy clothes, his secondhand Keds and secondhand seersucker shirt.” The word “seersucker” is latched onto and used twice more (“she whispered into the seersucker of his shirt”; “she said, nuzzling the seersucker”). It gets slightly better as the novel progresses, but not by much. The first time Pip sees Andreas Wolf, for instance, his “glow of charged fame particles” are vividly described, but his clothes? No. Even Tom's mother's significant sundress is described only as being “of Western cut.” It's unsettling.
I know this to be a petty criticism, but there are all kinds of nerds who write long, aggrieved blog posts about how some novelist got a car wrong, or misdated the death of an actress. Clothes have always been important to me, and while their fictional depiction might be beneath some people's notice, it is always one of the first things I see. Clothes aren't just something one puts on a character to stop her from being naked. Done right, clothes are everything — a way of describing class, affluence, taste, self-presentation, mental health, body image. Clothes matter. Besides all that, clothes are fun. Descriptions of dresses got me through War and Peace. I think about Dolores Haze's outfits on a near-daily basis (“check weaves, bright cottons, frills, puffed-out short sleeves, snug-fitting bodices and generously full skirts!”) I think about her cotton pyjamas in the popular butcher-boy style. Holden Caulfield's hounds-tooth jacket, and Franny Glass's coat, the lapel of which is kissed by Lane as a perfectly desirable extension of herself. Sara Crewe's black velvet dress in A Little Princess, and the matching one made for her favourite doll. The green dress in Atonement (“dark green bias-cut backless evening gown with a halter neck.”) Anna Karenina's entire wardrobe, obviously, but also Nicola Six's clothes in London Fields. Nicola Six's clothes are fantastic.
Aviva Rossner's angora sweaters and “socks with little pom-poms at the heels” in The Virgins. Pnin's “sloppy socks of scarlet wool with lilac lozenges”, his “conservative black Oxfords [which] had cost him about as much as all the rest of his clothing (flamboyant goon tie included).” May Welland at the August meeting of the Newport Archery Club, in her white dress with the pale green ribbon. I quite often get dressed with Maria Wyeth from Play It As It Lays in mind (“cotton skirt, a jersey, sandals she could kick off when she wanted the touch of the accelerator”). I think about unfortunate clothes, as well. I think about Zora's terrible party dress in On Beauty, and about how badly she wanted it to be right. The meanest thing Kingsley Amis ever did to a woman was to put Margaret Peele in that green paisley dress and “quasi-velvet” shoes in Lucky Jim. Vanity Fair's Jos Sedley in his buckskins and Hessian boots, his “several immense neckcloths” and “apple green coat with steel buttons almost as large as crown pieces.”
This list changes all the time, but my current favorite fictional clothes are the ones in A Good Man is Hard to Find. There is no one quite like Flannery O'Connor for creeping out the reader via dress. Bailey's “yellow sport shirt with bright blue parrots designed on it” contrasts in the most sinister way with the The Misfit's too tight blue jeans, the fact that he “didn't have on any shirt or undershirt.” I'd also like to make a plug for one of The Misfit's companions, “a fat boy in black trousers and a red sweat shirt with a silver stallion embossed on the front of it.” Any Flannery O'Connor story will contain something similar, because she used clothes as exposition, as dialogue, as mood. Anyone to who clothes matter will have their own highlight reel, and will argue strenuously for the inclusion of Topaz's dresses in I Capture the Castle, or Gatsby's shirts, or Dorothea Brooke's ugly crepe dress. They will point out, for instance, that I have neglected to mention Donna Tartt, top five fluent speaker of the language of dress. What of Judge Holden's kid boots, in Blood Meridian? What about Ayn Rand, who, as Mallory Ortberg has noted, is just about unparalleled?
The point is, we do not lack for excellent and illuminating descriptions of clothes in literature. Given such riches, it is perhaps churlish to object to the times when people get it wrong. Haven't we been given enough? Apparently not. Just as I can think of hundreds of times when a writer knocked it out of the park, attire-wise, (Phlox's stupid clothes in The Mysteries of Pittsburgh, all those layers and scarves and hideous cuffs), I can just as easily recall the failures. There are a variety of ways for an author to get clothes wrong, but I will stick to just two categories of offense here.
1. Outfits that don't sound real
Purity again, and Andreas's “good narrow jeans and a close-fitting polo shirt.” This is wrong. Andreas is a charismatic weirdo, a maniac, and I struggle to believe that he would be slinking around in such tight, nerdy clothes. Another jarring example is Princess Margaret's dress, in Edward St. Aubyn's Some Hope: “the ambassador raised his fork with such an extravagant gesture of appreciation that he flicked glistening brown globules over the front of the Princess's blue tulle dress.” The Princess here is supposed to be in her sixties. Would a post-menopausal aristocrat really be wearing a blue tulle dress? Is the whole thing made out of tulle? Wouldn't that make it more the kind of thing a small girl at a ballet recital would choose? St. Aubyn's novels are largely autobiographical, and he has mentioned in interviews that he met the allegedly blue-tulle-dress-wearing Princess on a number of occasions. Maybe that really is what she was wearing. It doesn't sound right, though, or not to me.
One last example, from The Rings of Saturn: “One of them, a bridal gown made of hundreds of scraps of silk embroidered with silken thread, or rather woven over cobweb-fashion, which hung on a headless tailor's dummy, was a work of art so colourful and of such intricacy and perfection that it seemed almost to have come to life, and at the time I could no more believe my eyes than now I can trust my memory.” One believes the narrator, when he says that he cannot trust his memory, because this actually doesn't sound like a dress, or not a very nice one. It sounds like a dress a person might buy from a stall at a psytrance party. The word “colourful” here is a dead giveaway that the narrator does not necessarily have a particular dress in mind: what kind of colours, exactly? “Intricate” is also no good — it seeks to give the impression of specificity, but is in fact very vague.
2. Outfits that make too much of a point
Many people are suspicious of fashion. They do not trust it or like it, and, while they see that it serves a purpose, they wish it was somehow enforceable to make everyone wear a uniform at all times. Deep down, they also believe that anyone who does take pleasure in it is lying to themselves, or doing it for the wrong reasons. I argue with such people in my head all the time, because this is not what clothes are about for me, at all. I argue with the books they have written as well. To be fair to Jeffrey Eugenides, he is mostly excellent on the subject of dress. The Lisbon girls' prom dresses and the Obscure Object's High Wasp style are in my own personal highlight reel. The Marriage Plot is different, though. It is deeply cynical on the subject of dress. Clothes in that novel are always an affectation or a disguise, a way for a character to control the way others see her.
Here is Madeline, getting Leonard back “Madeleine … put on her first spring dress: an apple-green baby-doll dress with a bib collar and a high hem.” Here is Madeline, trying to seem like the kind of girl who is at home in a semiotics class: “She took out her diamond studs, leaving her ears bare. She stood in front of the mirror wondering if her Annie Hall glasses might possibly project a New Wave look…She unearthed a pair of Beatle boots … She put up her collar, and wore more black.” And here is Madeline, failed Bohemian, despondent semiotician, after she has gone back to reading novels: “The next Thursday, “Madeleine came to class wearing a Norwegian sweater with a snowflake design.” After college, she realizes that she can dress the way she has always, in her haute-bourgeois heart, wanted to dress: like a Kennedy girlfriend on holiday. Another costume, for a girl who doesn't know who she really is. The problem with these clothes is not that they don't sound real, or that they are badly described. It's that Madeline only ever wears clothes to make a point, to manipulate or to persuade her audience that she is someone other than she really is. Worse, there is the implication that she has no real identity outside from what she projects. It's exact opposite approach to O'Connor's wardrobe choices in A Good Man is Hard to Find. The guy in the red sweat shirt, with the silver stallion? He is not wearing those clothes for anyone but himself. Same with The Misfit and his frightening jeans.
Those who are suspicious of fashion tend to believe that people (especially women) only ever wear clothes as a form of armor, a costume, and never because they get pleasure out of it. Madeline, in other words, doesn't wear clothes because she likes them, but because she likes what they do. I find this line of thinking very depressing.
There are other categories (clothes that I think sound ugly, clothes in over-researched historical novels where the writer takes too much relish in describing jerkins and the smell of wet leather etc.), but these two stand out. I'm not asking for anything too excessive — just a few more details, a bit more effort when getting a character dressed. Clothes matter, to some of us, and we need to see them done right.
Image: John Singer Sargent, Wikipedia
STEWARDS OF SOUND
This is how we (rock and) roll.
Pioneers of the most detailed, accurate in-ear monitors on the market. Maestros of proprietary pro-sound technology. Purveyors of custom audio awesomeness. Call us what you will. But don't call anyone else for your IEM needs (unless, you know, you like inferior stuff).
JH Audio combines over 25 years' experience in live audio mixing with more than 15 years of designing and building in-ear monitors for some of the most demanding ears on the planet.* We rock a full line of custom in-ear pro music monitors, and our mind-blowing innovations are used by engineers, artists and audiophiles alike. Want to take your professional audio to unheard of levels? Rest assured, you've come to the right place.
*If you could drop names like this, you'd do it too: Aerosmith, Guns N' Roses, Van Halen, Lady Gaga, Foreigner, Linkin Park, Alicia Keys, Rob Thomas, Godsmack and, well, pretty much any other big name you can think of…
Consider Stockholm, London, Frankfurt, and Toronto. Each of them has stock exchanges, each of them have dark winters. Weirdly enough, you can see the weather in the stocks.
As University of Toronto professor Lisa Kramer and her colleagues have found, seasonal affective disorder doesn't only show up in your mood–it's also present in the stock markets. For as the days grow shorter, we feel less and less like taking risks. As Kramer's research has found, the further you–or a stock exchange–is from the equator, the more likely your behavior's going to show risk aversion.
Used with permission of the American Economic Association
As Kramer explained to us, the stock markets show behavioral patterns that have a long, long inheritance:
Our brains are these interesting combinations of stuff that affect the way we make decisions, so as the seasons change, our moods can also change, and some of us experience very extreme changes in mood with changes of the seasons. As the exposure to daylight diminishes, we respond in a biological way to the change in exposure to daylight. We're not that different than ancestors who would retreat in the winter time. When the seasons changed they had to become a lot more conservative, they had to adopt a lot more conservative practices. We're still those same people.
What this shows are that our psychology and behavior is super influenced by our environments. Studies have shown that we're more creative in the dark and less productive in the cold. As anyone who has felt drained by overexposure to fluorescent lights can tell you, light is a major driver of the way we feel. The most profound of these may be what was causing those Swedish markets to get risk averse: Seasonal Affective Disorder.
As the days grow shorter, we feel less and less like taking risks.
First put into psychological language in 1984, seasonal affective disorder (with the unfortunately fitting acronym of SAD) is a way of capturing the way that 10% of Americans are intensely affected by their exposure to sunlight.
Lexington, Kentucky's Too Close To Touch have signed to Epitaph Records and will release their self-titled debut EP on October 21. Prior to their signing, the band had already toured with bands like Emarosa and A Lot Like Birds. For now, they're teaming up with AP to bring you the music video for a new song, “The Deep End.” Check it out, and let us know your thoughts.
The band comment, “We are beyond excited to be partnering with Alternative Press to premiere our debut track, 'The Deep End.' We've poured our hearts and souls into these songs and we hope to offer a sound packed with energy, honesty and emotion. We're looking forward to sharing more of our debut EP in the coming weeks!”
Too Close To Touch:
01. The Deep End
02. Perfect World
03. Poisons
04. Won't You Listen
In preparations for the Hong Kong Rugby League Residents XIII representative side tour of the Philippines, are going to look at the team's inaugural opponents, the Manilla Storm, in some more detail.
A member club of the Philippines National Rugby League Federation (PNRLF), the Storm are based out of Alabang a barangay in the Muntinlupa City. The Muntinlupa City is the southern most city within Metropolitan Manila, the national capital of the Philippines and home to over 11 million people.
Playing out of the Southern Plains field, the Manila Storm shares their home ground with the Alabang Eagles Rugby Union club.
The game against the HK Residents XIII will be the Manila Storm's first official game.
The HK Residents XIII and Manila Storm will do battle on November 7.
Individuals interesting in signing up for the Residents XIII touring team should email the HKRL at getinvolved@hongkongrugbyleague.com
Manila Storm training for the upcoming clash:
Manila Storm jersey for the upcoming clash:
Find out more about the Manilla Storm:
Beverly Giannonatti, 79, and her son, Greg Giannonatti, 57. (Photo11: Department of Justice)
(NEWSER) – Good fortune was short-lived for Beverly Giannonatti, 79, and her 57-year-old son, Greg. In October, a cleaning woman found a 25-pound gold bar worth $480,000 in the home of Beverly's late ex-husband in Deer Lodge, Montana. Greg Giannonatti's girlfriend tells the Washington Post it wasn't such a surprise because Greg's father collected gold and coins. The bigger shock came later: The pair vanished just nine days after Beverly picked up the gold bar on Oct. 19. Beverly was seen having lunch with an unknown white man, thought to be in this 50s or 60s, on Oct. 28. That night, Greg was seen speeding away from his home, per the Montana Standard. His car was later found at his late father's house. On Sunday, their bodies were discovered on a private dump site in Powell County along with evidence from an undisclosed crime scene, per the Standard. A second site held evidence of their murders, police say.
Cops haven't said how or when the pair died, but authorities found no sign of a struggle at Beverly and Greg's homes on Nov. 1. Both were locked and their dogs were there. A "hockey puck" of a pot roast was found in a slow cooker at Greg's and the TV was on, reports NBC Montana and the Standard. On Nov. 2, police found Greg's door open with a TV and clothing outside and suspect a burglary was interrupted; they haven't said if the incident is tied to the murders. The Standard reports police questioned David Wayne Nelson, a 53-year-old white man previously convicted of robbery and kidnapping on Monday and say he is a "high person of interest." He was jailed without bail on Monday on a probation violation charge. The gold bar, meanwhile, remains missing. (In Connecticut, police think they've cracked the case about a couple that went missing.)
This article originally appeared on Newser
More from Newser
Newser is a USA TODAY content partner providing general news, commentary and coverage from around the Web. Its content is produced independently of USA TODAY.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1QerJY4
When we find ourselves in a cycle of negative thinking, it can often become very difficult to break out of it.
“Rumination” is one of the most common symptoms in depression, anxiety, and mood disorders. It's a focused attention on the problems, distresses, and suffering in one's life – a constant replaying of negative thoughts, feelings, and experiences.
For example, you can likely think of a time when you had a really bad day – and just as you were about to go to bed, your mind started replaying your negative experiences over and over again. Next thing you know, hours have passed by and your mind is still going. You start thinking to yourself, “When will it end? Why can't I just fall asleep?”
This is a perfect example of what “rumination” often looks like. Once it hits us, it feels like our mind has been hijacked into a negative state and we have no choice but to sit and wait for it to run its course. We feel completely helpless.
Because rumination and negative thinking can be such a vicious cycle, it's important to have a strategy for how to combat this negative thinking when we find ourselves in these types of mental states.
One strategy that I will share in this article is how to use the “Alphabet Game” to derail your negative thinking.
Play the “Alphabet Game” to Derail Negative Thoughts
For those who don't know, the “Alphabet Game” is a common game usually played during long car rides to help pass the time.
The main goal is to work your way from A → Z by identifying road signs that contain words with each letter. So if you find a sign saying “Apple Street,” then you can move on to letter B. And then if you find a sign saying, “Bridge Ahead,” you can move to letter C, and so on.
In this article, I will share a modified version of the “Alphabet Game” that is specifically focused on shifting your thinking into a more positive direction.
The basic idea is to find something in your life that you appreciate for each letter of the alphabet.
For each letter, you can choose anything that you are grateful for: a person, a place, an object, a memory, a hobby, a band, a book, a movie, a food, or whatever.
Here's a quick rundown of what my “Alphabet Game” would look like:
A – Apple pie
– Apple pie B – Baseball
– Baseball C – Coffee
– Coffee D – Driving
– Driving E – Electronic music
– Electronic music F – Friends
– Friends G – Golf
You can choose whatever you want for your own list – and it can be something specific or general, depending on what's easiest for you to think of. The key is to identify things in your life that make it better and give your life happiness and pleasure.
The “Alphabet Game” is really simple and easy in theory, but it can be a very effective way to shift your focus to more positive things and derail your negative thinking.
Sometimes it can get challenging to figure out what to choose for a letter, so your mind gets busy trying to solve the puzzle. You actively reflect on the different things you like and appreciate in this world, and if they fit each letter.
Our minds are constant problem-solvers. This is one reason why rumination can become such a never-ending cycle. With the “Alphabet Game,” we give our minds something new to focus on and try to solve .
So the next time you find yourself in a cycle of negative thinking, try to remember the “Alphabet Game” and use it as a way to occupy your mind with more positive thoughts.
Recollecting the Positive
In general, the ability to reflect on the positive things in your life can be a great antidote for improving your mental health and happiness.
This is something that has been backed by a lot of research in psychology. For example, one study shows how reflecting on “positive memories” can be a great way to boost positive emotions and reduce stress. And another study shows how creating a “gratitude list” can also improve mental health and overall well-being.
Our minds often have a “negativity bias” because we tend to focus on problems in our lives so that we can find solutions and fix them. This is why it is so important to take the time to reflect on the positive as well, because it doesn't often come as naturally to us.
Here's a video I made about “Recollecting the Positive”:
This video is from my new YouTube Channel – feel free to subscribe to stay updated on new videos about psychology and self improvement.
The lessons in this video are consistent with why something like the “Alphabet Game” can be helpful for changing your thinking.
Of course, I don't think the “Alphabet Game” can magically change your life or cure mental illness, but it is a valuable tool to add to your Mental Toolbox and keep in mind for the future.
So if you find yourself lying awake at night because you can't stop your negative thinking, consider trying the “Alphabet Game” and see if it can help put your mind in a more positive and relaxed state.
Stay updated on new articles and resources in psychology and self improvement:
Published: - Oct 31, 2017
The overpopulation of Australian possums has affected the ecosystem in New Zealand to the point where this type of bird is in real danger
For a long time the government of New Zealand has been an active participant in the creation of adequate conditions for flora and fauna due to the fact that it is a country that lives off the ecotourism created by the islands. However, since the textile industry introduced the Australian possum, the island´s ecosystem has been severely affected.
The Australian possum used to be an endangered species, but when it arrived to New Zealand the population growth of this mammal was very fast to the point that the flora of the region has been severely damaged, and as a consequence other species have stopped their proliferation such as the case of the Kiwi. The main purpose of the arrival of the Australian possum was completely industrial. However, the neglect of the people in the industry caused the animal to escape and to reproduce in a very fast way, to the degree that a population of 70 million possums were registered and this caused a very rapid deterioration in the habitat of the Kiwi.
The Kiwi is a type of bird that does not fly, is unique because it has the nostrils at the end of its beak, and it is nocturnal birds. There are five types of kiwi: the great spotted, the little spotted, the southern brown, the North Island brown, and the Okarito. Of the five types, four are in vulnerable state and the North Island brown Kiwi is in danger of extinction. The Okarito type is considered in critical condition although there is no information to back up this declaration. At first, it was believed that the kiwi were defenseless, but they were found to be very territorial. It is also known that the Kiwi population has been very reduced: just a few years ago the Kiwi population was approximately of 70,000 specimens, but it is estimated that for this year only 35,000 specimens prevail.
The Kiwi is very representative of New Zealand. The government has implemented the fumigation of the mammals that are affecting the ecosystem, which was achieved by the distributing a pesticide known as a toxin 1080, that acts only when mammals ingest it and die. To this day it has been registered to be effective to make the Australian possum population to stop growing, although the effects of the toxins have been criticized because they have found some death birds and even there have been research about the indirect effects of the toxin in humans. The ecologist considered an “ecocide” this government measure due to the fact that other animals have been affected such as cats, dogs and cows.
The efforts of the government to keep the kiwi out of danger are big, although some people consider that they should put more effort in the reforestation of the area so the habitat could regenerate and they have to keep in consideration that the kiwi is an animal that reproduces in a dense vegetation zone.
Latin American Post | María de Jesús Eunices Reveles Conejo
Copy edited by Laura Rocha Rueda
Image caption Gap says it learnt from its mistake, on the right
Gap clothing company has ditched its new logo after only one week, due to an online backlash. So what are the perils of changing a company emblem?
Cheapy, tacky, ordinary.
Some of the adjectives used by Gap customers to describe its now-axed logo. After less than one week, it has been consigned to the graveyard inhabited by rejected arrows, squiggles and inadvertently offensive corporate emblems.
The clean font, with a small blue square overlapping the "P", prompted such an outcry that the US clothing firm initially enlisted the help of the public in rethinking the design.
But within days it announced, early on Tuesday morning, it was returning to the solid blue box and "GAP" written in a capitalised serif font, a look introduced 20 years ago.
British customers won't have noticed because the change had yet to be implemented in the UK.
But Gap isn't the first company to learn that messing with one's visual identity is a risky business. So what did it do wrong, and what other logo makeovers have come under fire?
Gap, 2010
For a few days, it was goodbye to the 20-year-old solid blue square and the capital letters, hello to Helvetica and a small blue patch.
Other troubled logos Image caption New logos can also cause problems - 2012 and Cornwall Council both drew criticism New logos like London 2012 and Cornwall Council, which was later ditched, can cause as many problems as revamped ones 'Don King' logo plan is scrapped Gap scraps new logo after outcry
Last week, unveiling the new design, Marka Hansen, president of Gap North America, said it was more contemporary and current, honouring the "heritage through the blue box while still taking it forward".
But after a slew of criticism, much of it on Facebook, the company promised to take on board customers' own suggested logos as it reconsidered the emblem.
Days later, the purveyor of preppy fashions folded, admitting its mistakes in not consulting its customers first, and reverted to the original.
Gap is trying to change its stripes without changing the product offering, says marketing expert Craig Smith.
"Where marketers often go wrong is they think they have identified an opportunity for the brand to evolve and become something else, become more modern, and they think they can shortcut this by changing the visual identity, and carry the customers with them.
"It's a fundamental error because customers may not be ready to go with you. The product positioning has to change first, then the logo should be the last thing."
Image caption More Helvetica
My personal feelings are that the typeface is fine, says award-winning logo designer Jon Pink of J Pink Design.
"The letter forms in lowercase have an attractive quality to them and the simplicity is refreshing. I think if that was really a complaint, there would be similar complaints regarding other famous logos which utilise Helvetica in their logos, like American Apparel, [US homewares retailers] Crate&Barrel, Jeep, Panasonic, British Gas and 3M.
"However the addition of the blue square seems to be hated on a united front - it just looks cheap, tacky and very dull. So whilst including some connection of the original logo makes perfect sense in business terms, this illustrates perfectly that logic and reason can play second fiddle to gut instinct."
BP, 2000
Image caption BP went from shield to flower in 2000...
In 2000, BP unveiled a new greener logo, replacing the shield with a green, white and yellow flower-shaped one. At the same time, it adopted the slogan Beyond Petroleum.
The move cost £4.5m ($7m) in brand research, with tens of millions more dollars to be spent supporting the change.
Environmentalists accused the firm of spending more on the logo than on renewable energy.
But it was 10 years later when the dangers of adopting a "green" emblem were clear, says Mr Smith.
Image caption ...but the logo was subverted during protests in 2010
"They've only learnt the error of their ways with the Deepwater Horizon crisis, because you can't pretend that a fossil fuel company is in any sense an eco-friendly brand.
"You immediately lay a trap for yourself. Since the crisis, lots of people online have been corrupting the logo."
The lesson there is that you can't pretend to be something that you're not, he adds.
Tropicana, 2009
Last year, fruit juice firm Tropicana dropped its famous orange and straw illustration from its cartons in the US, in favour of a glass of orange juice, a move that sparked countless complaints and criticism from customers. The brand's owner, PepsiCo, relented and went back to the orange.
Image caption The glass of juice on Tropicana cartons was short-lived
"The 2009 redesign was meant to contemporise our graphics and, as a result of that, we learned just how passionate consumers are about our brand," says Tropicana's Gina Judge, in an upbeat assessment of the miscalculation.
"A group of very loyal Tropicana fans told us they loved our straw in orange imagery, so we brought that icon back to the packaging."
The new look made the brand look ordinary, says Mr Smith. "For a loved, long-standing household brand there is no such thing as a successful logo overhaul - the only triumph is subtlety.
"For each of the six decades that Tropicana has been a fridge and family staple, its visual identity should have been refreshed. If you unveil a revolutionary redesign, expect your customers to revolt."
In contrast, says Mr Smith, a brand like Heinz has managed to change its logo many times over the years but in such a subtle way that no-one really notices.
BT, 1991
British Telecom's piper was introduced in 1991 and lasted 12 years, but at the time he was widely ridiculed, both for the £50m price tag and the way he looked like he was knocking back a yard of ale. He was preceded by, and later followed by, more conceptual designs.
Image caption The piper soon became a fixture on British streets
"I think BT were trying to visually embody a human, almost personal element through the piper image," says Mr Pink.
"He is listening and communicating at the same time which would bode well with BT at the time. There is no doubt that depicting a human figure would also help the company achieve a more personal image, perhaps with more focus on customer service than it had before, but the style and pose were its failing points."
The colouring, replacing a purple and yellow "T", was trying to reinforce the British element, he says.
"Once a business has established its brand positioning amongst the general public, it is often the logo that is seen to embody that branding and therefore acts as the visual connection between consumer and business much like we connect a person's face with his personality.
"In fact that is a good analogy to logos and brands - if we think of a brand being someone's personality and the logo being someone's face it makes it easier to see why as humans we like familiarity and how breaking that connection can cause confusion and puzzlement."
Conservative party, 2006
When David Cameron ditched his party's hand-held blue torch for a scribbled tree, former party chairman Lord Tebbit described it as "a bunch of broccoli".
Image caption From torch to tree
Others said it looked like Mr Cameron's child had drawn it, says Mr Pink, and the softer colour palette was far removed from the very staunch red, white and blue of the old logo.
"I actually feel that criticism was unfair and that this is one of the more thought-out logo revamps of the last decade. Such a sharp change in direction helped David Cameron to distance himself from Lady Thatcher, but also helped the party appear more relaxed and environmentally conscious.
"The oak tree is also a symbol of strength and stability - both of which are great values to portray for a political party.
"Logos are like anything else that has been created- they are very subjective, so drastic changes will always split opinions, but this is one instance where I feel the naysayers have been proven wrong and the designers right."
Jacksonville police today released chilling photographs of a gunman who terrorized employees over the weekend.
The one photograph shows the gunman, who police identified as Elijah Payne, holding the gun at hip level inside the store. His face is painted black.
Police say Payne, who worked at the Yopp Road Wal-Mart, went out on a break and returned with his darkened face and armed with the shotgun.
Payne is accused of holding some 15 people hostage in the store's break room, before another employee managed to wrestle the gun away from him.
Several shots were fired, but no one was injured.
Police say the gun, a 12 gauge sawed-off shotgun, was purchased last Thursday at Jacksonville's other Wal-Mart, on Highway 17.
Payne is charged with assault with a deadly weapon with intent to kill and manufacturing a weapon of mass destruction. He's due in court again on April 14th.
You don't usually here denunciations of “deranged neocons” on the red carpet at the Golden Globes, but HBO star Lena Dunham uncorked this attack on her Twitter enemies to Ryan Seacrest on the E! Network.
Seacrest noted that her show “Girls” began its fourth season on Sunday night, and he asked if she would be checking for online reaction:
LENA DUNHAM: I deleted Twitter because I tried to create a safer space for me emotionally. RYAN SEACREST: Explain. DUNHAM: People threaten my life and tell me what I cow I am, so I decided....I check it occasionally but it's not the same codependence Twitter and I once shared. ANDREW RANNELLS: It's a door to a whole lot of craziness. DUNHAM: It's the dark side of the Internet. There's a lot of people I love on Twitter, but unfortunately you can't read those without reading deranged neocons telling you you should be buried under a pile of rocks.
Seacrest may end up on the wrong side of the PC wall for shooting back “Come on, that doesn't happen.” Dunham replied “Get to the world, Ryan!” And she and Rannells shared a big smile.
Roberto Martínez believes Everton are showing Champions League potential this season but must deliver on a consistent basis to be considered genuine candidates for a top-four finish.
Everton visit West Bromwich Albion on Monday looking to improve on a steady start to the campaign that has brought victories over Southampton and Chelsea and three successive away clean sheets in the league. Martínez insists it is too early to assess Champions League qualification credentials, claiming that can only be done after 10 games, but cites the Chelsea and Southampton displays as the standard required to challenge the established order in the Premier League.
“We don't need to rely on other teams,” said the Everton manager. “We rely on how good we can be and how quickly we can get to that level. The Southampton performance and the Chelsea performance – that's the level that is needed to get into the Champions League, top and bottom. If you can do that every week you're going to have a great chance to get over 70 points.
“How many points are going to be needed this season? It's hard to tell but I think it'll be such a close season. You look at the points West Ham have got away from home and Crystal Palace's form. There are many teams who are going to take a lot of points from the so-called top four. That makes me think 70 points will get you into the top positions. It is about consistency.
“It is down to us being as consistent as we can be in every game. It is not about looking elsewhere or what is happening with the investment in other teams. I'm excited. I'm starting to see signs of a very competitive squad and hopefully we can develop that for the next eight months.”
John Stones and Seamus Coleman are doubtful for the game against Tony Pulis's side with knee and hamstring injuries respectively. The £9.5m summer signing Ramiro Funes Mori will make his first Premier League start for Everton should Stones fail to recover from a medial knee-ligament strain in time.
Romelu Lukaku returns to the club where he scored 17 goals while on loan from Chelsea in 2012-13, having missed decent chances in Everton's goalless draw at Swansea City days ago. But Martínez said: “Rom is one of the most clinical strikers around. If Rom creates the amount of chances he did against Swansea then we will never have a problem. Converting those chances against Swansea comes down to a little bit of luck or a bit of good form. His finishing is his biggest strength. His contact is clinical so I wouldn't be worried about that.
“We know what to expect – a very experienced side who take pride in themselves in playing at home in front of their fans, and a team that is able to score a goal.”
Theatrhythm producer wants to continue the series
It's been a few years since the release of the first Theatrhythm Final Fantasy – a rhythm RPG that spawned a direct sequel and a spin-off in the Dragon Quest series last year following producer Ichiro Hazama's desires to expand beyond Final Fantasy. Speaking in the latest issue of Nintendo Dream magazine as reported by Nintendo Everything, Hazama shared a few thoughts on his desire to continue the series and what fans can possibly expect in the future:
“Last year […] I said ‘we'll keep continuing Theatrhythm from hereafter too!'. Well then, I wonder how about next year. Personally, I still want to continue, and everyday I have been devising various plans. I'm full with a feeling to do something to make it happen, so I'll be glad if you can wait with anticipation. With that being said, please keep supporting [the series] as usual from hereafter too!”
What franchise would you like to see Square Enix expand into the rhythm game genre next? Nier? Kingdom Hearts or perhaps maybe even Chrono Trigger? Sounds off in the comments below.
Via: Nintendo Everything.
Home Daily News 'Rothko' painting bought for $7.2M was a…
Art Law
'Rothko' painting bought for $7.2M was a fake painted in a garage, purchaser says in lawsuit
A Las Vegas casino operator who says he paid $7.2 million for a work of art he was assured had been painted by famed abstract expressionist Mark Rothko is now suing to try to get his money back.
Frank J. Fertitta III contends in his Tuesday filing that the untitled “Rothko” painting actually was one of dozens of fakes painted in a garage in Queens, N.Y., by a Chinese immigrant, reports the New York Times' ArtsBeat blog.
Those named as defendants in the Manhattan federal court lawsuit include dealer Glafira Rosales of Long Island, who supplied fakes to others and has pleaded guilty to fraud charges; a former New York art gallery known as Knoedler & Company, and its owner and former director; and a Swiss museum curator and art historian who allegedly authenticated the “Rothko” and was paid a $300,000 fee by Knoedler.
The museum curator could not be reached by the Times for comment. The Knoedler owner and director have said there was no reason for them to believe the paintings supplied by Rosales were fakes at the time of the 2008 sale to Fertitta.
Related coverage:
ABAJournal.com: “Same Fake Art Pops Up Again and Again, In ‘Whac-a-Mole' Experience for Experts Asked to Authenticate”
60 Minutes: “The Con Artist: A multimillion dollar art scam”
When we last spoke with Terrajoule CEO Steve Bisset in 2011, he was on the hunt for $7 million in round A venture capital funding.
It's taken a while, but he got his funding (actually landing more than his original target), along with the help of an important strategic investor: Air Liquide. (He ended up proving out one of the themes of the next wave of greentech investing -- namely, that corporates are playing a very important role in the cleantech investment chain.)
Terrajoule, an energy storage and solar and waste-heat harvest startup, closed an $11.5 million funding round from strategic investor Air Liquide, along with NEA and individual investors Jim Bochnowski, Craig Winkler and others. NEA's Forest Baskett and Arno Penzias helped seed-fund the company in 2009. The Redwood City, California-based company unstealthed in these pages in 2011.
The twelve-employee startup called itself "a flexible technology platform for distributed energy generation, storage and efficiency" that "leverages a breakthrough in energy storage technology yielding 5X lower cost than batteries, with no degradation or cycle limitations over a 25-year system life" in a release.
That's some pretty salty language for the resurrection of a vintage World War II steam engine design called the Skinner Universal Unaflow. This positive displacement reciprocating engine was used in U.S. Navy ships. A car ferry, the SS Badger, is powered by such engines and plies the waters of Lake Michigan to this day. Bisset described it as "a very-well refined thread of steam engine technology" that has "little change in efficiency despite changes in output power" in an earlier interview.
The intention is to combine cheap energy storage with cheap solar power. The pre-revenue startup's initial focus is on powering industrial and agricultural customers that are now using diesel generators. Terrajoule has a test site that puts out 100 kilowatts up to 24 hours a day on an irrigated almond farm in California's Central Valley.
The firm generates steam with allegedly cheap parabolic trough solar concentrators, as used on a larger scale in CSP plants. The steam drives a steam engine, which turns a shaft and spins a generator. To hold on to the steam energy for later “dispatchable” use, the steam is condensed in a 30,000-gallon tank of pressurized hot water. When there is demand, the water flashes back to steam to supply the engine. The customer gets distributed, dispatchable renewable energy with no diesel and no pollution. And Terrajoule gets potential access to the worldwide distributed electricity markets that are powered by diesel, including islands, mines, factories, pipelines, townships, irrigation, and military bases.
The re-invention of this old steam engine design is the brainchild of Robert Mierisch, Terrajoule's Chief Engineer and the former Research Director of Thermal Systems at Ausra. Terrajoule's systems have a modular unit size of 300 kilowatts peak/125 kilowatts of typical output over the course of a day. Off-grid customers will need to use the system over 2,000 hours per year to get a strong financial payback, according to the company. Most agricultural irrigators in the western U.S. fit this profile, according to Bisset, but there are bigger and better applications. Islands such as Kauai are dependent on costly petroleum for over 80 percent of their power, but were limited (until now) in how much of that problem they could solve with solar, due to the intermittency of PV.
But the solar power/energy storage application isn't even why Air Liquide went big with Terrajoule. It's waste heat recovery to improve the efficiency of industrial operations that attracted the enormous industrial gases company.
Air Liquide's investment was driven by Terrajoule's potential ability to economically convert waste heat to electricity in its hydrogen production plants, using the same reciprocating power conversion engine that enables Terrajoule's energy storage.
Bisset noted that on an earlier visit to Terrajoule, a VC acquainted with Air Liquide looked at the 135-degrees-Celsius temperature in the tank and said, "This is a waste heat recovery technology; I should introduce you to Air Liquide."
Forest Baskett of NEA pointed out that Air Liquide "has looked at everything" in the waste heat recovery field and added that Air Liquide's large factories must be as efficient as possible because they are manufacturing a commodity product. Baskett added, "Any kind of fractional percentage improvement is worth many, many dollars." He said that Air Liquide's investment was for "internal consumption of the technology" -- which could put the agenda of the VC investor at odds with the strategic investor. Air Liquide is less focused on earning venture returns than it is on changing the IRR of one of its scores of plants.
There is no semiconductor design happening at Terrajoule. This is about metal and steam and grease and selling productivity and efficiency to tough customers like farmers and factory operators. My grasp of thermal cycles and the motive force is shaky, but the physics of the design should pass muster given the due diligence of Air Liquide and Mr. Penzias. What remains to be proven is the real-world efficiency of the system, the economics of this approach, and the competitiveness of this solution versus the incumbent diesel technology -- or versus just doing nothing.
The Terrajoule team states that it is exploiting a long-established machine and piston supply chain in its partnership with engine design firm Roush Industries of Livonia, Michigan.
The CEO said, "This is not just a Silicon Valley story; it's a story of revived innovation in Detroit."
By Juan Cole / Informed Comment
The Swedish auto manufacturer Volvo, owned by the Chinese automotive corporation Zhejiang Geely Holding Group Co., Ltd, has abruptly decided to produce only electric, plug-in hybrid and “mild hybrid” vehicles by 2019, only two years from now, the Associated Press reports.
Le Monde called the announcement “a coup for Elon Musk, the billionaire entrepreneur who pioneered the idea of mass market electric cars. When he announced his goals, he was thought eccentric. And now with Volvo's announcement, he looks like a prophet. It is true that Tesla has increasing competition, but the electric automobile sector also has enormous room to grow, so that lots of competitors can all make money. It is the companies that continue to produce only gasoline and diesel engines that will be in the biggest trouble.
Swedish CEO of the Volvo division, Håkan Samuelsson, says that only two years ago, he and his board had severe doubts about electric cars, but that the situation has changed rapidly. My suspicion is that Geely, which is big on electric cars in China, pushed Volvo in this direction.
Another big change in my view is battery cost and capacity. I drove a Chevy Volt for years, but it only got 40 miles or so to a charge. That was all right for me, since Ann Arbor is a small town. But most people needed more. And now they can have it. Elon Musk's Tesla 3, to be rolled out at the end of July, and Chevrolet's Bolt, can both get 250-300 miles on a charge, and they each cost around $35,000 (the same as the old Volt, which had a much more limited range). In the U.S. at the moment, purchasing a Tesla 3 or Bolt will get you a $7,500 Federal tax rebate, making the cars affordable to middle class families. The cars are perfect for commuting or in-town use, and if you needed to go a longer distance, Tesla has fast charging stations around the country, or you could just rent a vacation car.
By the way, nowadays EV's have great pick up. People have asked me if you have trouble merging. No, you don't have trouble merging.
Samuelsson at Volvo wants to push for even cheaper batteries, and as more auto firms go electric, the research and development funding for better batteries will soar.
All electric cars emit less carbon dioxide, a toxic greenhouse gas, than gasoline and diesel cars, even if they are charged in states that depend heavily on coal and natural gas for electricity production. Many owners of electric cars, however, pair them with rooftop solar panels, which reduces the pay-off period for both items. Likewise, driving an electric car in states like Iowa, California and Idaho, which depend heavily on renewables, guarantees that they will be less carbon intensive.
Sweden itself has made big progress in cutting CO2 emissions, and plans to be carbon-free by 2045.
Volvo also wants its manufacturing plants to be net carbon zero by 2025.
Volvo buyers are more typically upper middle class or wealthy, so they can afford the electric version. Volvo sells 500,000 cars a year. About 88 million cars and light vehicles are sold annually worldwide. However, so many of those are sold in China, and given that China and India are so increasingly dedicated to pushing electric vehicles, the Asian market may drive the whole industry in the direction of electric cars much faster than anyone now realizes.
Electric car purchases could also encourage adoption of rooftop solar. The pay-off time for both the car and the panels is brought down substantially if you combine the two. I know what not having an automobile fuel bill is like, and let me tell you, it is very gratifying.
The U.S. imports 10 million barrels a day of petroleum, most of it from Canada, Saudi Arabia, Venezuela, Mexico, and Colombia. Saudi Arabia is a religiously intolerant absolute monarchy that has begun throwing its weight around in very unpleasant ways. Venezuela is unstable. Do you really want to be beholden to other countries for your transportation? Do you really want to donate to the Saudi cause?
Not everyone can afford an electric car and solar panels. Those who can afford them, and who have a choice the next time they make a purchase, should go green. They'll save money and they'll make our country more secure, and they'll de-fund some sketchy suppliers like Saudi.
The centre-left and left of British politics has been pretty united on the Europe Union over the last few decades. That is because the principle of European unity and co-operation fits so strongly with our internationalist principles – solidarity, standing together, and the collective being stronger than the individual.
It is why being in Europe has always worked so well for Britain. From the good, unionised manufacturing jobs that depend on our exports to Europe, to the maternity leave and paid holiday enshrined in EU law, to the lower prices created by the single market, British people are better off in Europe. And co-operating with our partners on carbon emissions, anti-terrorism and the European Arrest Warrant helps keep our streets and our environment safer.
When the Prime Minister announced in 2013 that he would “renegotiate” our membership of the EU, friends and colleagues in the Labour Party were justifiably concerned. We were very worried that the Conservatives would take their damaging and misguided domestic priorities – cutting workers' rights, getting rid of the “green crap”, cutting vital public spending – and impose them at an EU level. David Cameron was hardly reassuring when he said “nothing is off the table”, while his backbenchers have been campaigning for such damaging changes for decades.
But thankfully, the Prime Minister has heeded the warnings the labour movement made about using this renegotiation to weaken people's rights at work. Nothing on these lines has appeared in the text of the draft agreement circulated to EU leaders today. The changes – an opt-out from ‘ever closer union', more competitiveness in the European economy, protections for countries that do not use the euro, and action on benefits paid to EU migrants – do not endanger any of the hard-won rights and benefits that the EU has given working men and women in Britain.
Ultimately, the Prime Minister knows that it is Labour, not the Tories, who will keep us in Europe, and so anything that would weaken Labour and trade union support for Europe would be to put our membership in jeopardy. David Cameron has made a habit of folding when confronted by the wild-eyed right of his party. But on this we should put party politics to one side and recognise he has, for once, stood up to them here.
Indeed, while the reforms are hardly earth-shattering, they are substantial and will make our membership of the EU that bit more attractive. Economic reforms to boost competitiveness, like those being pioneered by left-wing governments in France and Italy, will lift the European economy, creating jobs for young people and opportunities for business here in Britain. We should welcome any further protections for countries that do not use the euro currency. And those we represent will be pleased that migrants from the EU will now be expected to pay into our welfare system before claiming benefits.
Many on the centre left and left have been wary of making the pro-European case due to fears that the renegotiation would weaken those bits of Europe we hold dearest. But it is clear that the deal on the table today does no such thing. The time has come for all of us to put the party politics to one side and make a passionate and full-throated case for our continued membership of the European Union.
Go is an open source programming language that makes it easy to build simple, reliable, and efficient software.
Go was created at Google in 2007 by Robert Grisemer, Rob Pike and Ken Thompson. Go is a compiled, statically typed language.
PS: This article is not an introduction to the Go programming language, its an intermediate one.
For the purpose of this tutorial, we'll be creating a RESTful API for a Phone Book app.
REST is an acronym for Representational State Transfer. It is a web standards architecture and HTTP Protocol. The REST protocol, decribes six (6) constraints:
Uniform Interface Cacheable Client-Server Stateless Code on Demand Layered System
REST is composed of methods such as a base URL, media types, etc. RESTful applicaitons uses HTTP requests to perform the CRUD operations.
Setup
To start up writing our API, we need to setup our environment. Get the Latest Release of Go (as of this writing, its 1.8.3 ) > here. Once you've installed Go, you should have a $GOPATH sys variable set.
We need a Project directory to store our source, we make one:
$ mkdir -p $GOPATH /src/github/ { your username } /rest-api
The command, will create a rest-api project folder in your Go home.
$ cd rest-api
Next we create a main.go file
Router
We'll need to use a mux to route requests, so we need a Go package for that (mux stands for HTTP request multiplexer which matches an incoming request to against a list of routes (registered)). In the rest-api directory, lets require the dependency (package rather).
rest-api $ go get github.com/gorilla/mux
We set up our main.go file
package main import ( "encoding/json" "log" "net/http" "github.com/gorilla/mux" ) // our main function func main () { router := mux . NewRouter () log . Fatal ( http . ListenAndServe ( ":8000" , router )) }
If you run this file, it doesn't really respond to any , so we need to write our Endpoints.
For the phonebook api, we'd need these s:
/people (GET) -> All persons in the phonebook document (database)
(GET) -> All persons in the phonebook document (database) /people/{id} (GET) -> Get a single person
(GET) -> Get a single person /people/{id} (POST) -> Create a new person
(POST) -> Create a new person /people/{id} (DELETE) -> Delete a person
We should write the routes handle for those endpoints, and their methods too
// fun main() func main () { router := mux . NewRouter () router . HandleFunc ( "/people" , GetPeople ) . Methods ( "GET" ) router . HandleFunc ( "/people/{id}" , GetPerson ) . Methods ( "GET" ) router . HandleFunc ( "/people/{id}" , CreatePerson ) . Methods ( "POST" ) router . HandleFunc ( "/people/{id}" , DeletePerson ) . Methods ( "DELETE" ) log . Fatal ( http . ListenAndServe ( ":8000" , router )) }
Let's run our program
rest-api $ go build rest-api $ ./rest-api
The above would return an error, we haven't created the functions to handle those requests. Lets create them (blank for now):
... func GetPeople ( w http . ResponseWriter , r * http . Request ) {} func GetPerson ( w http . ResponseWriter , r * http . Request ) {} func CreatePerson ( w http . ResponseWriter , r * http . Request ) {} func DeletePerson ( w http . ResponseWriter , r * http . Request ) {} ...
Building the file again shouldn't return any errors, but the functions are empty.
Each method, take two parameters w and r which are of types http.ResponseWriter and *http.Request . These two parameters are populated once hit by a request.
Pull all data from the phonebook
Lets write the code to get all records tires screech>>> We don't have any data... yeah, lets populate manually (databases are out of scope for this tutorial). Lets add a Person struct (think of it as an object) and an Address struct, and a people variable to populate with.
//main.go ... type Person struct { ID string `json:"id,omitempty"` Firstname string `json:"firstname,omitempty"` Lastname string `json:"lastname,omitempty"` Address * Address `json:"address,omitempty"` } type Address struct { City string `json:"city,omitempty"` State string `json:"state,omitempty"` } var people [] Person ...
With our structs ready, lets manually add records to the people slice:
// main() ... people = append ( people , Person { ID : "1" , Firstname : "John" , Lastname : "Doe" , Address : & Address { City : "City X" , State : "State X" }}) people = append ( people , Person { ID : "2" , Firstname : "Koko" , Lastname : "Doe" , Address : & Address { City : "City Z" , State : "State Y" }}) people = append ( people , Person { ID : "3" , Firstname : "Francis" , Lastname : "Sunday" }) ...
With our data set, lets fetch all from the people slice:
//main.go ... func GetPeople ( w http . ResponseWriter , r * http . Request ) { json . NewEncoder ( w ) . Encode ( people ) } ...
Rebuilding ( go build && ./rest-api ) and testing with postman we'd get a JSON response. Navigate to localhost:8080/people
Get a single data
Now lets write the to show a single person:
// main.go ... func GetPerson ( w http . ResponseWriter , r * http . Request ) { params := mux . Vars ( r ) for _ , item := range people { if item . ID == params [ "id" ] } } ...
The GetPerson function here loops through the mapped names from the incoming request, to check if the id params sent matches any in the Person struct.
Other Endpoints
Lets finish our other Endpoints ( CreatePerson , DeletePerson )
func CreatePerson ( w http . ResponseWriter , r * http . Request ) { params := mux . Vars ( r ) var person Person _ = json . NewDecoder ( r . Body ) . Decode ( & person ) person . ID = params [ "id" ] people = append ( people , person ) json . NewEncoder ( w ) . Encode ( people ) } func DeletePerson ( w http . ResponseWriter , r * http . Request ) { params := mux . Vars ( r ) for index , item := range people { if item . ID == params [ "id" ] { people = append ( people [ : index ], people [ index + 1 ] ... ) break } json . NewEncoder ( w ) . Encode ( people ) } }
Putting it all together
Now our Final main.go file should look as such:
package main import ( "encoding/json" "github.com/gorilla/mux" "log" "net/http" ) // The person Type (more like an object) type Person struct { ID string `json:"id,omitempty"` Firstname string `json:"firstname,omitempty"` Lastname string `json:"lastname,omitempty"` Address * Address `json:"address,omitempty"` } type Address struct { City string `json:"city,omitempty"` State string `json:"state,omitempty"` } var people [] Person // Display all from the people var func GetPeople ( w http . ResponseWriter , r * http . Request ) { json . NewEncoder ( w ) . Encode ( people ) } // Display a single data func GetPerson ( w http . ResponseWriter , r * http . Request ) { params := mux . Vars ( r ) for _ , item := range people { if item . ID == params [ "id" ] { json . NewEncoder ( w ) . Encode ( item ) return } } json . NewEncoder ( w ) . Encode ( & Person {}) } // create a new item func CreatePerson ( w http . ResponseWriter , r * http . Request ) { params := mux . Vars ( r ) var person Person _ = json . NewDecoder ( r . Body ) . Decode ( & person ) person . ID = params [ "id" ] people = append ( people , person ) json . NewEncoder ( w ) . Encode ( people ) } // Delete an item func DeletePerson ( w http . ResponseWriter , r * http . Request ) { params := mux . Vars ( r ) for index , item := range people { if item . ID == params [ "id" ] { people = append ( people [ : index ], people [ index + 1 : ] ... ) break } json . NewEncoder ( w ) . Encode ( people ) } } // main function to boot up everything func main () { router := mux . NewRouter () people = append ( people , Person { ID : "1" , Firstname : "John" , Lastname : "Doe" , Address : & Address { City : "City X" , State : "State X" }}) people = append ( people , Person { ID : "2" , Firstname : "Koko" , Lastname : "Doe" , Address : & Address { City : "City Z" , State : "State Y" }}) router . HandleFunc ( "/people" , GetPeople ) . Methods ( "GET" ) router . HandleFunc ( "/people/{id}" , GetPerson ) . Methods ( "GET" ) router . HandleFunc ( "/people/{id}" , CreatePerson ) . Methods ( "POST" ) router . HandleFunc ( "/people/{id}" , DeletePerson ) . Methods ( "DELETE" ) log . Fatal ( http . ListenAndServe ( ":8000" , router )) }
Testing
To test out yor API, either view them from a browser (you'd need a JSON formatter extension, to read the output clearly) or use Postman.
Source for this tutorial can be found here
Conclusion
You just saw how to build a very simple RESTful API using the Go programming language. While we used mock data instead of a database, we saw how to create endpoints that do various operations with JSON data and GoLang slices.
Did I miss anything important? Let me know in the comments.
:)
As originally published by me on My Blog
Image caption Mr Makarov said the UK security services believed he was still an enemy agent
A former Soviet spy faces a life of poverty because UK secret services are preventing him getting a job and his benefits have been cut, he claims.
Ex-KGB agent Viktor Makarov, who now lives in Haltwhistle, Northumberland, was smuggled into Britain by the MI6 intelligence agency in 1992.
But he was "still suspected of being an enemy agent" by the UK, he said.
MI6 said it never commented on staff or agents and the Foreign Office said it could not discuss intelligence issues.
Mr Makarov had been arrested on suspicion of spying for the British but released from a labour camp under an amnesty during the Glasnost era in 1992.
Image copyright Courtesy of Viktor Makarov Image caption Viktor Makarov joined the KGB security agency in 1975, aged 20
Having been brought to Britain by MI6 he expected to be offered a job in intelligence but was abandoned, he said.
His attempts to get work, including a job as a refuse collector, have been thwarted by the UK security services, Mr Makarov claims.
"I haven't received any answer, any reply for my application," he said.
"I could have been, ironically, worked as a benefit fraud investigator but, again, my application was not answered."
Image caption Viktor Makarov went on hunger strike for the first time in 2005
After a legal battle with the British government in 2001 Mr Makarov accepted a settlement of £65,000.
Four years later he went on the first of two hunger strikes outside the Ministry of Defence, demanding to be classed as a defector and be given a pension.
Speaking to the BBC's Newsnight programme at the time, historian David Khan said Mr Makarov "was an asset to the UK government, no doubt about it".
"The United Kingdom took the information that Viktor Makarov had, wrung him dry and left him to hang out in the cold," he said.
Mr Makarov's benefits have now been cut by 40% and he cannot afford to live on £125 a week, he said.
He had been receiving Employment Support Allowance but no longer meets the criteria for the replacement benefit.
Sunday, June 15, midnight. Uniun nightclub on Adelaide Street West.
Around the corner and down a dark alley, men with earpieces and black shirts guard cattle barriers. Crammed into lines cluster the promise of Toronto's future: young men and women, their wisps of clothing unsuited for the crisp night air, hoping to enter the club.
“I'm on the guest list,” I tell one of the men in black shirts.
“The guest list is closed,” he replies. I have no idea what this means.
His partner clutches a clipboard. He makes no effort to locate my name, but merely asks why he should let me in.
I mention a publicist, and we are through. We join a second line. Women in black T-shirts pat us down, and we enter the club. Inside, LED stalactites pulse to the beat. Multi-coloured search lights swivel; flat screens display psychedelic patterns. Writhing forms pack the dance floor.
Uniun nightclub belongs to Charles Khabouth, whose company, Ink Entertainment, owns a score of nightclubs and employs 1,500 people. He recalls the early days of Toronto's entertainment district: “When I started, my rent was $4 a foot, parking was free after 6 p.m., and the streetlights went out at midnight.”
At this area's height five years ago, 100 nightclubs filled the warehouses of Richmond and Adelaide streets. Today soaring property values — coupled with strict city enforcement of rules on fire exits, capacity and noise — have replaced more than half of the nightclubs with offices and homes. At Uniun, the balconies of unfinished condo towers now crowd the corralled area where clubbers exit to smoke.
“There is no entertainment district in Toronto anymore,” says Mr. Khabouth.
Seeking cheaper rent, Clubland is trying to move west into Little Portugal and Parkdale, and east into Greektown.
The City of Toronto does not like that at all.
Tuesday, June 17, 9 a.m. In an office tower at Dundas and Yonge streets.
Every seat is taken in Room 5 of the Licence Appeal Tribunal. Alisa Sadler and Samantha Barber, owners of 1718, a small bar at Queen Street near Roncesvalles Avenue, ask the tribunal to lift conditions on their liquor licence that forbid them from exacting a cover charge from patrons, or playing music after 11 p.m.
A sculptor who lives upstairs is here to object, as is city Councillor Gord Perks. Sitting in the back row, arms crossed, he waits to do battle on behalf of his residents.
“This is not a pastoral street,” Ms. Sadler tells Mary Ann Spencer, the adjudicator. “This is a busy east-west artery surrounded by a hospital, a streetcar house and highways.” She adds, over and over, “We are not a nightclub.”
In his suit and tie, Mr. Perks may look tough, but an April decision by the province greatly weakened city council's clout.
Outside the entertainment district, Toronto rarely licenses nightclubs. “The way that businesses blur the line is to open as a restaurant and operate as a nightclub,” explains Mr. Perks.
To control this spread, Toronto councillors have supported new liquor licences only with strict conditions: new restaurants must agree to no cover charge, no loud noise after 11 p.m. and a seat for every patron.
In April, the Alcohol and Gaming Commission of Ontario, which gives out liquor licences, dropped a bomb: it will no longer enforce these conditions.
The fun police are running out of weapons.
“It's insane,” says Don Rodbard, who founded the King-Spadina Residents' Association. “What [the AGCO] are doing is absolutely going to create chaos. I can't think of a city jurisdiction that can handle nightclubs.”
Wednesday, June 4, 4 p.m. Toronto City Hall
Mr. Perks is in his office, talking about nightclubs. “There is an arms race between our ability to regulate and the industry, which is constantly pushing the envelope and finding loopholes. The scene in Parkdale is getting more and more like what the Entertainment District used to be. One small business owner has to mop vomit out of the doorway of his store.”
Expressly to stop nightclubs coming to Parkdale, last year council passed a bylaw to limit to 25% the number of bars and restaurants on Queen between Dufferin Street and Roncesvalles Avenue.
To discuss this bylaw, John Nunziata, a lawyer and former MP who represents the Ontario Hotel, Restaurant and Motel Association, came to Mr. Perks' office with Arron Barberian, the owner of Barberian's Steakhouse. They asked why a restaurant got a licence to open in Parkdale after the cap was imposed. The councillor asked them to leave his office.
“He kicked me out,” says Mr. Barberian.
Mr. Perks says he asked them to leave because they asked questions unrelated to the meeting's original purpose. Regardless, the tension is evident.
On Monday, the hotel and restaurant association will appear before the Ontario Municipal Board, seeking to strike down the Parkdale bylaw.
“The restaurant industry was not consulted before they passed this Communist bylaw in Parkdale,” argues Mr. Nunziata.
Tuesday, June 3, 4 p.m. 1100 Queen St. West
Richard Lambert meets me at the Dog & Bear, which he co-owns through the Social Group, which also operates the Parkdale restaurant Parts & Labour and the Hoxton, a nightclub on Bathurst Street. Bearded, tall, lanky, self-assured and single, Mr. Lambert, 35, points with mock anger at one of his staff.
“Hey, see what he's doing? He's hiding his Boston Red Sox hat. He's not allowed to wear that in here. This is a Blue Jays bar.”
Ten years ago in this old soft drink factory, Mr. Lambert opened The Social. Since then he has fought a number of battles with the city over its licensing demands.
“The Social was a nightclub,” Mr. Lambert says. “We got very popular and busy and the city started to realize that they had a problem with the way they classified things. The problem was noise complaints. The problem was public urination.”
The city then changed the bylaw. “They said, ‘You are a nightclub but you're not zoned correctly.' ”
Mr. Lambert lay down his arms. Three years ago he replaced The Social with the Dog & Bear.
In the meantime he bought 1566 Queen St. W., and opened Parts & Labour.
“I am going to be positive and say that we worked with the community to satisfy the conditions that Gord Perks put in the liquor licence,” Mr. Lambert says.
(Mr. Perks suggests Parts & Labour blurs the line between restaurant and nightclub.)
Mr. Lambert says, “we did try to get a rooftop patio [at Parts & Labour]. We hired Jane Pepino, a lawyer at Aird and Berliss. We didn't get it and we lost a lot of money fighting the city. We took it on the chin. It rocked us financially.”
His phone rings. Sprinklers went off the night before and flooded his nightclub, the Hoxton. Sean Lennon is performing tonight. Staff say the club is humid.
“To me it's fine in there,” Mr. Lambert says. “It's a little damp. It's rock ‘n' roll! You think his dad wouldn't have played a place like this?”
Taking a swig of his Heineken, Mr. Lambert pleads for city politicians to remember their own youth, and to be more understanding of kids who want to party: “The people who don't want people to have a good time? They once had a good time.”
Thursday, June 5, midnight. Queen Street, near Spadina
With a friend I line up at Cube, for Citizen Thursdays, promoted by clubland czarina Mona Halem. Drunken girls wearing thick eyeliner teeter on impossibly high heels. They don't look much older than my 15-year-old daughter. They hold out their green health cards. A bouncer examines the cards, and lets them in.
One girl — appearing stoned, drunk or both — says: “I will seriously give you $20 if you will tell them that I am your girlfriend so I can get in.”
I decline.
Mr. Khabouth, who owns Cube, seeks greener pastures. He has teamed with the restaurateurs Oliver & Bonacini to open an 80,000 square-foot corporate facility with a bar, restaurant and beer garden in the historic Hudson's Bay building in downtown Calgary.
Another trend is partying during the day: Mr. Khabouth has opened the 60,000 square-foot patio Cabana Pool Bar at his Polson Pier (formerly known as The Docks).
His rival, Zlatko Starkovsky, has plastered streetcars in Toronto with ads for Muzik Pool Bar, opening this month at Muzik nightclub at Exhibition Place. Mr. Starkovsky, who has applied to the city to expand the club, declined requests for comment.
Mr. Khabouth's largest and most storied nightclub, Guvernment/Koolhaus on Lake Shore Boulevard East, will close on Jan. 31, 2015. Daniels has bought it to build a condo. Mr. Khabouth hints that, “we do have plans for a large entertainment complex. It's three or four years away.”
His office will not confirm that the club will be in the Air Canada Centre. Maple Leaf Sports and Entertainment has announced plans for a nightclub in 2015.
Wednesday, June 11, 2 p.m. City council chambers
Councillors approve a motion by Mike Layton and Ana Bailão to support revoking the liquor licence of Studio Bar, 824 Dundas St. West. Studio Bar obtained its liquor licence in March, with eight conditions, after “extensive community input.”
Licensed by the city as a restaurant, it immediately became a nightclub, the motion alleges. In two months, “noise impacts have triggered 13 complaint investigations by Municipal Licencing and Standards.”
This is problematic. Still, when did nightclub become a dirty word? Writing in NOW, Benjamin Boles suggests that, “Toronto needs to accept clubs on its main streets or allow the scene to rebuild in less inhabited industrial areas. Either way, zoning needs an overhaul.”
The city has approved eight new nightclubs in the past year, and is reviewing applications for six more, including Haze, Rock'n'Horse Saloon, Lost & Found, and Fiction. Still, most of Toronto's 44 licensed nightclubs and new applicants cluster in the entertainment district. Even if all win approval, it won't satisfy demand.
As Mr. Lambert says, people want to have a good time. And they always will. The City of Toronto will just have to figure out where it will let
them do that.
National Post
This article is over 1 year old
Former PM and Kevin Andrews tell Coalition party room they intend to move a ‘pious amendment' to reaffirm importance of religious freedom
Malcolm Turnbull has warned Tony Abbott against a procedural move that could delay marriage equality and force parliament to return next week after more than 30 hours of debate in the lower house.
The stoush in the Coalition party room on Tuesday came as marriage equality advocates were increasingly confident the cross-party group has the 74 votes required to block any substantive amendments to the Senate marriage equality bill.
Abbott and fellow Liberal backbench MP Kevin Andrews told the Coalition party room they intended to move a “pious amendment” which would not block the cross-party same-sex marriage bill, but would reaffirm the importance of religious freedom.
Our LGBQTI mob are killing themselves. Isn't it time we were shown a little love? | Dameyon Bonson for IndigenousX Read more
Such a manoeuvre would reset the lower house debate back to the start of the second reading stage, which has already run all Monday and will continue with extended sittings until midnight Tuesday and again on Wednesday.
According to a Coalition source, Turnbull said he takes traditional marriage “very seriously” but warned the Abbott amendment must not be allowed to derail the bill before consideration of substantive amendments in the committee stage.
The leader of the house, Christopher Pyne, said if the Abbott amendment were passed it would “negate” the bill. Several others, including Trent Zimmerman, spoke against Abbott's plan.
The overwhelming sense in the Coalition party room was not to delay the same-sex marriage bill, with negligible support for Abbott's procedural move.
However, if Abbott goes ahead with the plan, it will give opponents of same-sex marriage and advocates of religious freedom a chance to show their numbers before the final vote, in which many have pledged to vote for same-sex marriage because the postal survey showed that 61.6% of Australians wanted them to.
Conservatives have indicated they will also re-propose substantive amendments that were put to the Senate but rejected.
Turnbull has said he supports at least two amendments to guarantee that charities will not be affected and to allow civil celebrants to refuse to solemnise same-sex weddings.
A bloc of 73 members from Labor, the Greens, Rebekha Sharkie, Andrew Wilkie and Liberal MP Warren Entsch have said they will oppose all amendments.
Although no final 74th MP has publicly committed to oppose all amendments, marriage equality advocates are confident the bloc of the bill's co-sponsors Tim Wilson, Trevor Evans and Trent Zimmerman will provide crucial votes when amendments are considered.
The independent MP Cathy McGowan is also reported to be unlikely to support amendments but has reserved her final position until the debate concludes.
Asked on Tuesday about the fact government members may not back the amendments, Turnbull said Coalition MPs had a “free vote” and had the “absolute right” to vote on amendments as they wish.
On Monday evening the immigration minister, Peter Dutton, all but conceded the amendments did not have the numbers. Dutton said it was “very hard to see” how proposed “protections” for religious freedom would pass the house, expressing hope amendments would succeed but adding “the arithmetic in my opinion dictates otherwise”.
Zimmerman told the house the cross-party bill “will deliver the marriage equality the Australian public voted for”.
“Not one word or one clause will change existing rights of religious freedoms,” he said.
Turnbull and Shorten trade barbs over same-sex marriage survey Read more
On Tuesday the Australian Marriage Equality co-chair Alex Greenwich said that advocates took nothing for granted but urged parliament to pass the cross-party bill unamended to “stop playing politics” with LGBTI people's lives.
Fellow co-chair Anna Brown accused conservatives of putting up “further elements to distract, to delay, to attempt via amendments to turn the no side's talking points into legislation”.
“This is a good bill, and this bill balances marriage equality and religious freedom and it should pass this week without delay,” she said.
The debate on Tuesday was very personal for three MPs who shared stories of their LGBTI children: Liberal MP Andrew Wallace and Labor MPs Cathy O'Toole and Linda Burney.
Wallace said when his daughter came out to him he asked himself “how could this be happening to our family” because “homosexuality went against what I had been taught to believe for many years”.
In time, he accepted that the teachings of church “must not be allowed to override our civil laws”.
O'Toole said one of her daughters planned to hold a commitment ceremony with her partner next year, but that ceremony “can now be a wedding”.
Burney said her son, who was recently found dead after a struggle with mental health and addiction, identified as LGBTI.
“I have seen first-hand the confusion, anxiety and pain that many of our young people experience struggling with their sexuality,” she said.
Sheriff David Clarke's squad car is seen parked in a handicapped parking spot during the Veterans Day ceremony at the Milwaukee County War Memorial. Credit: Mike De Sisti
SHARE
Milwaukee County Sheriff David A. Clarke Jr. paid a $35 fine and donated $200 to "an organization that works with the disabled" after his squad car was seen parked Wednesday at the Milwaukee County War Memorial in spot reserved for people with disabilities, WTMJ-TV in Milwaukee reported.
Clarke told the station that he asked a captain to move the car upon arrival at the memorial but that the order was not followed, according to a post on the station's website.
"The rules are the same for my squad car as any car except in an emergency or official business, but not in a handicap area," Clarke said in a statement, according to the station.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper says family planning is an essential part of Canada's efforts to improve maternal and child health, but abortion remains too divisive to be included in that package.
In an interview with The Globe and Mail on Thursday, Mr. Harper said Canada is striving to be a consensus builder on the issue and suggested that funding abortion could make it more challenging to rally others to the cause. He made the comments as he pledged another $3.5-billion over five years to improve the health of mothers and children and vowed to keep the cause on the global agenda after 2015.
During a summit on maternal and child health in Toronto this week, some non-governmental organizations and opposition MPs had called on the government to place greater emphasis on family planning, which they said can have a significant impact on women's health at a relatively low cost. The government said on Thursday that the new funding would focus on combatting diseases, improving nutrition and improving health systems but did not specifically mention family planning.
Story continues below advertisement
Mr. Harper spoke with The Globe in a Toronto classroom alongside Melinda Gates, who co-chairs the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation. Ms. Gates called reproductive health an important part of the "continuum" around maternal, newborn and child health because women who have options about how to space their pregnancies are healthier and more likely to have healthier babies. The Gates foundation, like Canada, does not provide funding for abortion services, but Ms. Gates has made family planning a major focus in her advocacy efforts.
Asked about the role of reproductive health, Mr. Harper said there is a "myth" that Canada doesn't fund any family planning or reproductive health services in developing countries. "That's not true. We do. We, specifically as a consequence of a vote in Parliament, do not fund abortion services but we fund other forms," he said, "And yes, I do happen to believe that's an essential part of the [maternal and child health] continuum."
On Thursday, the International Planned Parenthood Federation called on Mr. Harper to ensure family planning receives adequate funding as part of the government's broader package on maternal and child health. The organization said it would send Mr. Harper a letter, penned by civil society organizations in six of the countries that receive maternal and child health assistance from Canada, asking for family planning to play a bigger role in the initiative.
Mr. Harper has personally taken up the cause to boost global efforts to reduce the number mothers and children who die each year and remains involved in the matter four years after making it Canada's top development priority during the 2010 G8 summit in Muskoka. And Ms. Gates said Canada's leadership is part of the reason maternal and child health is on the global agenda today.
But sensitivities around the initiative were on display during the three-day summit this week, when reporters were kept out of a series of panel discussions involving health experts and NGOs. Reporters were also barred from viewing an address by Margaret Chan, director-general of the World Health Organization, who spoke after one of the panel events on Thursday.
A spokesperson for the Prime Minister's Office said the sessions were held privately to allow for more candid discussions on maternal and child health, including on issues that will help inform the government's policy positions, but did not respond to a question about the decision to keep media out of Ms. Chan's address.
Critics of the government's approach on maternal and child health have called on Canada to reverse a decision not to fund abortion services in developing countries, pointing to World Health Organization estimates that unsafe abortions cause about 8 per cent of maternal deaths.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Mr. Harper told The Globe that Canada does not advance access to abortion services in developing countries, citing a vote in the House of Commons several years ago in which a majority of MPs voted against including abortion in Canada's maternal and child health agenda.
"What we have been trying to do since 2010 is build broad public and international consensus for saving the lives of mothers and babies," Mr. Harper said when asked whether Canada might change its stand. "You cannot do that if you introduce that other issue. The fact of the matter is it's not only divisive in our country and in other donor countries, it's extremely divisive in recipient countries where it's often illegal."
Mr. Harper also urged the international community to keep maternal and child health on the global development agenda after the Millennium Development Goals expire next year. He also cautioned against adding too many new goals to the list, saying that could make it more difficult to achieve any of them.
"We have eight [Millennium Development Goals] now, and I'm not saying they're necessarily the best eight, or we can only have eight," Mr. Harper said in an interview.
"But I just know from all my experience in government, that the more priorities you have the less any of your priorities actually matter. So we're focusing on two in Canada. But I'd urge the world just not to let the list get too long, or everything will just become ineffective."
A New York City concert venue's noise is radiating across the Hudson River, tormenting residents in Hudson County, according to a report from DNAInfo.com.
The JBL Live at Pier 97 venue, located on West 55th Street facing the water, was designed to prevent sound from reaching nearby residents in Manhattan, the report said. However, the sound is instead reaching New York's neighbors across the Hudson River.
Eleven New Jersey residents called a community affairs representative in New York City following two concerts in mid-July, according to the Hudson Reporter.
Diane Singer, 53, a resident in West New York told DNAInfo that the noise coming from the venue is a "pounding kind of sound." Singer said, with all the cheering and yelling, the noise "sounds like college."
The venue fills 5,250 people at max capacity, according to DNAInfo.
A spokesman for the Hudson River Park told the website that the agency took action to fix the noise problem but did not provide specifics.
The venue has eight more shows, with the last one scheduled for Sept. 14, according to Ticketmaster.
Here's a sample of what the venue sounds like from West New York:
Assam CM Tarun Gogoi Assam CM Tarun Gogoi
The Congress party in Assam is heading for a split as nearly 40 MLAs demanding ouster of Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi have threatened to dislodge Gogoi as the leader of Assam Congress Legislature Party (ACLP) if Congress high command fails to announce its decision by July 19 on a report submitted by Mallikarjun Kharge to party president Sonia Gandhi.
The Congress leader in Lok Sabha handed over the report to Sonia Gandhi on June 30 following his meeting with Assam MLAs at Guwahati on June 24. The 78-year-old Gogoi has been facing dissidence for over two years and 47 MLAs, including four Cabinet ministers, told Kharge that they did not want Gogoi as their leader. According to sources, though initially Sonia Gandhi had decided to go with the majority, party vice president Rahul Gandhi threw his weight behind Gogoi. "She now wants Gogoi to continue at least till November," said a top Congress leader.
In what will be seen as the first official revolt against the Congress high command after the recent Lok Sabha debacle, Assam Congress dissidents have now decided defy Sonia's will. "We have waited enough for the AICC to take a decision. We will call for a requisition meeting of the ACLP on July 21 and remove Gogoi as the leader. Then we will announce our leader and form an alternative government. We have the numbers and have already got support from other parties," said a member of the dissident camp led by Assam education and health minister Himanta Biswa Sarma.
The rift between Gogoi and 46-year-old Sarma, once the chief minister's most trusted aide, started after Gogoi's son, Gaurav, who won 2014 Lok Sabha polls from Kaliabor, joined politics in 2011.
The Congress has 77 members in the 126-member Assembly and 38 dissident members are likely to support the move against Gogoi. AIUDF leader Abdur Rahim Khan and AGP leader Lachit Bordoloi told mediapersons in Guwahati that they had received communication from the dissident camp and were "giving a positive thought to the proposal" for support to a government formed by the anti-Gogoi faction.
AIUDF has 18 members while AGP has 9. The Bodoland People's Party (BPF), which snapped its eight-year-long alliance with Congress last month, is also likely to support the Sarma camp. The party has 12 members in the Assembly. According to sources, the AGP is even ready to join the government.
When contacted, Sarma refused to comment on these developments but three of his aides-Pradan Baruah, Binanda Saikia and Mansing Rongpi-did not deny these reports.
"Politics is all about realignments," said Baruah. What has boosted the confidence of the Sarma camp is the "unofficial support" from Assembly speaker Pranab Gogoi. In fact, Gogoi is one of their chief ministerial candidates if Congress high command declines to agree to their first choice Sarma. The dissident group has even dared the Congress high command to expel all of them from the party. "Let them do that. Whether we form a government or not is not the issue. We will ensure that Gogoi-led government falls," said a dissident member.
Politico's Keach Hagey writes about Ed Schultz getting suspended by MSNBC for comments he made on his radio show yesterday…
MSNBC has suspended Ed Schultz for one week without pay for calling Laura Ingraham a ‘right-wing slut' on his radio program Tuesday.
“Remarks of this nature are unacceptable and will not be tolerated,” MSNBC said in a statement Wednesday evening.
Schultz will address the remarks on his television show Wednesday night, and begin his leave immediately afterward, MSNBC said.
“MSNBC management met with Ed Schultz this afternoon and accepted his offer to take one week of unpaid leave for the remarks he made yesterday on his radio program,” MSNBC said.
How many more Ed Schultz gaffes is MSNBC going to allow before it finally realizes what some of us have known for some time; there are bomb throwers and then there are bomb throwers. The former deliberately stirs the pot by saying provocative things but you can tell they're in control of their environment. The latter deliberately stirs the pot and by saying provocative things but you can tell something's not quite right and eventually they're going to self-destruct in a blaze of glory. Ed Schultz falls into the latter category. He's lucky this happened on his radio show. Had this incident happened on MSNBC's air I think the punishment would have been even more severe, especially given his newsroom meltdown last year.
Update: There's a three day weekend that occurs during this one week suspension so instead of missing five days on the air apparently Schultz will only be missing four.
Update 2: I forgot that Ed's show doesn't air on Fridays. So his one week suspension consists of only three days off the air. Three days doesn't sound as impressive as “one week”.
Update 3: On his show tonight, Schultz termed the suspension “indefinite”. Was Schultz embellishing or has it really changed from one week (three air days) to indefinite? We shall see…
Advertisements
Share this: Reddit
Like this: Like Loading... Related
Renault Sport Racing and McLaren Racing are pleased to announce they have agreed an engine supply partnership for the 2018, 2019 and 2020 seasons. The deal will see Renault Sport Racing supply McLaren with Formula 1 power units, while also establishing a close working relationship with McLaren's engineers and technicians.
Despite a combined Formula 1 presence that stretches back to 1977 (McLaren Racing has contested 814 GPs; Renault 591 in its role as an engine manufacturer), this will mark the first time that the two brands have ever collaborated.
For McLaren Racing, the reason for the partnership is evident: Renault has demonstrated its ability to build championship-winning engines, for its own team as well as customer teams.
For Renault Sport Racing, it provides the manufacturer with a second top-level Formula 1 team able to provide it with top-class feedback in relation to the development of its engine.
McLaren Renault is a partnership that will challenge for victory.
Shaikh Mohammed bin Essa Al Khalifa, Executive Chairman and Executive Committee principal, McLaren Group:
“Renault is a manufacturer that, like McLaren, has Formula 1 deeply woven into its DNA. It introduced the concept of turbo-charging to modern F1 back in 1977, has won grands prix with and without turbo power, and has been a consistent pioneer and developer of new technologies in Formula 1.
“And while a Renault-powered McLaren is a new and exciting concept in Formula 1, what's most important is that this partnership gives us the equal opportunity to compete alongside the other Renault-powered teams.
“At McLaren, we have the motivation, the desire and the resource to be a competitive force in 2018; now Renault power gives us the ability to take a significant step further up the grid.
“Today's announcement starts a fresh chapter in the McLaren story – and we can't wait to get started.”
Zak Brown, McLaren Technology Group Executive Director:
“Today's announcement gives us the stability we need to move ahead with our chassis and technical programme for 2018 without any further hesitation.
“As an organisation, McLaren has always worked extremely hard to form lasting partnerships with its technical suppliers. We're convinced that we can bring real value to Renault Sport Racing as we work alongside it to develop this current power unit into a regular race winner.”
Jérôme Stoll, President of Renault Sport Racing:
“This is a strategic decision for Renault Sport Racing. It is the first time that Renault will work with McLaren and we are proud to have reached an agreement with an organisation that has such a rich Formula 1 history. This alliance is not only technical and sporting, but also comes with marketing and communication benefits. We know that McLaren will push us hard on track and this competition will be to the benefit of all.”
Cyril Abiteboul, Managing Director, Renault Sport Racing:
“We are pleased to confirm a new partnership for Renault Sport Racing and McLaren Racing and excited to embark on this new relationship of these two historic brands in Formula 1 cooperating together for the first time. This agreement is perfectly in line with our mid-term strategy and with our objective to be in a winning position as a team in 2020. We are looking forward to seeing the Renault brand on next year's McLaren and racing our new partners on track. McLaren is an inspirational team with two talented drivers which should not only support our engine development efforts but also act as a reference and an example in the ongoing construction of our chassis operations. This is an exciting new beginning with a championship-winning team that is hungry to return to glory.”
Read: McLaren and Honda agree to conclude Formula 1 partnership
IT DOES not matter whether you are a global warming sceptic, it is still difficult to deny that unsustainable economic pressure on natural resources and the environment is the most substantial market failure in the history of the market economy. Therefore, regulation is inevitable.
Surprisingly, most economists, most politicians and even the public don't seem to be particularly concerned with the type of regulation.
Direct regulation or financial inducement are both appropriate measures to promote a sustainable economy and, particularly, sustainable energy generation and use.
Nevertheless, the debate seems to be evolving about the shape and form of the financial inducement - carbon tax versus carbon emissions trading - and the directions and magnitude of compensation required.
In the international context, observers are mostly concerned with the timing of Australia's action, but that in turn depends on when and what this country's big competitors and trading partners do to curb their carbon emissions.
White House chief of staff John Kelly John Francis KellyMORE on Thursday told reporters they are a big frustration for President Trump.
The retired general made a rare appearance before reporters assembled in the James S. Brady Briefing Room for the White House's press briefing, telling the press corps that they are one of the president's top frustrations.
"When I watch TV in the morning, it is astounding to me how much is misreported," he said.
ADVERTISEMENT
"I will give you the benefit of the doubt that you are operating off of contacts, leaks, whatever you call them," he said. "But I just would offer to you the advice — maybe develop some better sources."
Trump has blasted the media over the past few weeks, on the heels of reports detailing divisions within his White House.
He has specifically denied two recent NBC News reports, one that he wanted a tenfold increase of the nation's nuclear arsenal and another that Secretary of State Rex Tillerson Rex Wayne TillersonHeather Nauert withdraws her name from consideration for UN ambassador job Trump administration's top European diplomat to resign in February Pompeo planning to meet with Pat Roberts amid 2020 Senate speculation MORE called Trump a "moron" after the meeting where Trump allegedly proposed that increase.
Those reports prompted Trump to question the future of NBC's broadcast license in a series of tweets. He also refuted the "Fake News" for claiming that Kelly would soon be fired, a topic Kelly addressed in person from the podium.
"I'm not quitting today," he said.
"I just talked to the president. I don't think I'm being fired today. And I'm not so frustrated in this job that I'm thinking of leaving," he continued.
Windows build sadness aside, as I went back to my old standby, Linux, I started to wonder about its build times. Am I doing my absolute best here? Lets do some tests. I've been using Clang ever since I need to do asan builds — yeah, yeah I know GCC supports this as of version xyz, but I also get fun things like our static analysis plug-in and pretty error messages.
As an aside: to install Clang I just downloaded the x86_64 Ubuntu build from LLVM's official site. Nice and easy. For GCC builds go to the gcc site, check out their sweet binaries page where they let you know you can build it yourself you filthy animal and if you'd please download the source from a mirror that'd be great. If we're evaluating on website alone GCC has already lost.
So the results of doing clean builds, no ccache:
Compiler Clobber build time clang-3.9.0 18 min gcc-5.4.0 21 min gcc-6.3.0 22 min
Build system specs: Ubuntu 16.04 LTS, 8 core Intel Core i7-4770 CPU @ 3.40GHz, 32 GB RAM, SSD, example of .mozconfig used.
Why those versions? I was already using clang 3.9.0 (and it was the latest release at the time), gcc 5.4.0 is what ships with Ubuntu 16.04, gcc 6.3.0 is the latest release.
Now you may argue that the resulting executable of foo bar baz is going to be smaller/faster/better. And I'd argue as a dev I don't care. I just want to build quickly so I can run my test and repro a bug. Generally speaking all my builds are debug, asan-enabled, dmd-enabled. They're never going to run fast.
I'd love to hear your thoughts on how to get optimal build times of Firefox on all platforms. Maybe I can build with better settings — for GCC I just used a vanilla config I found on another blog. I tried doing a PGO build of clang trained on building Firefox, but I ended up getting worse times with that. Odds are I was doing it wrong, but it would be pretty cool if Mozilla could produce them in our build infrastructure; I filed bug 1326486 for this.
It would be interesting to see the gcc and llvm folks use our codebase as a testing ground for build time performance — maybe it's time to fire up arewecompiledyet.com.
Army's Out Leader Eric Fanning Helps Guide End to Trans Military Ban
The civilian leader of the U.S. Army tells The Advocate he's seen no problems while ending the ban on transgender people serving openly in the military.
Don't blink or you might miss it. Today is the deadline for the Army to issue guidance for how commanders and soldiers are to respond to a transitioning transgender service member in their unit. And unlike the political brouhaha the very word “transgender” causes among many polarized civilians, the Army appears to be taking the changes in stride.
"Commanders should approach a soldier undergoing gender transition in the same way they would approach a soldier undergoing any medically necessary treatment," says an October 7 directive issued after Defense Secretary Ash Carter lifted the ban on transgender service members last July. "Commanders will continue to minimize effects to the mission and ensure continued unit readiness."
There are an estimated 1,320 to 6,630 trans people actively serving in the military out of approximately 1.3 million troops on active duty, according to research conducted for the Department of Defense by the Rand Corp. While formal policies to plan a transition from diagnosis to changing gender markers in the Defense Enrollment Eligibility Reporting System are being worked out, out gay Army Secretary Eric Fanning tells The Advocate that the Army has already been operating under an interim policy with no observable problems.
“All of the services are pretty much doing the same thing because that's what the secretary of Defense directed us to do,” says Fanning. “The devil's in the details, of course.” But, he adds, “the Army has leaned forward in basically presuming exceptions for soldiers who are transitioning or who have transitioned. And we've already granted some of those exceptions to change your gender marker in the computer system. So as far as I can tell, it's moving nice and smoothly.”
Fanning notes that the military has experienced resistance to change before. “Going back to integration in the 1940s, it's the same argument. And it has been proven wrong each time,” says Fanning. “And my experience with the repeal of 'don't ask, don't tell' — and then the way we have opened up service to women — is that it just kind of hits with a dull thud out in the field. I think most people didn't realize that transgender wasn't a part of 'don't ask, don't tell' when the policy was repealed."
The Army is making religious accommodations, mostly for Sikhs, Fanning says. But “the funny thing to me is, these things have already been happening in the military. We're just now putting policy to it and essentially catching up.”
Most young soldiers joining the Army are familiar with the fight for equality and LGBT rights, he says. They're coming from “increasingly diverse communities and they're used to it. They make it work and in many ways, as we work through some of these things, I always figure the best strategy is for us to just get out of the way because the soldiers in the field figure it out on their own.”
Fanning says much of the resistance to change is generational. He's surrounded by some senior generals “who get worried about change,” but then he'll talk to a colonel who says he can work with the situation. “And then I go out into the field and talk to young officers or young soldiers, who is a kind of look at me like I'm crazy for even asking the question.”
That may be a result in the corresponding change in judging qualifications, as ordered by the Obama administration. Standards are now linked to the job, “not arbitrary standards that you have to jump so high or run so fast or something, but linked to what you actually need to do a job. And then everything else goes by the wayside,” says Fanning. “If you can meet these requirements and you want to serve, then you have the opportunity to do so.”
Taking a moment to “brag on the Army,” Fanning notes that this branch of the military has already researched the standard requirements for each job: “You need to lift this much weight this high because that's actually how much that gun or that round of ammunition weighs and that's how big the back of the truck is. And then you can just knock everything else out. It doesn't matter the color of your skin, your gender, who you love — anything like that. A requirement is a requirement is a requirement.”
Training on transitioning transgender service members must be integrated into the existing training rotation by next July, with a complete report for the inspector general on compliance due by October 2018.
Fanning speaks with authority on senior civilian oversight of the military. He has served on the staff of the House Armed Services Committee and as deputy undersecretary of the Navy, deputy director of the Commission on the Prevention of Weapons of Mass Destruction Proliferation and Terrorism, undersecretary and then acting secretary of the Air Force (in 2013), deputy secretary of Defense (chief of staff), acting undersecretary of the Army, and finally, secretary of the Army.
Fanning, 48, is clearly at home with his troops and comfortable in his job. Smart and easygoing, he also seems to enjoy injecting some humor into his leadership style through fun, informative, and cheerleading postings on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram, all under the handle “SecArmy.” For Halloween, for instance, he asked his followers which Snapchat icon he should don for the occasion. The “negative” image signing “love” won.
(RELATED PHOTOS: Where in the World Is Eric Fanning?)
Fanning has twice been confirmed by the Senate, first as undersecretary of the Air Force and then the “bizarre” confirmation process after President Obama nominated him for Secretary of the Army on November 3, 2015. He first had to endure having a hold put on his nomination by Republican Sen. Pat Roberts. Fanning took Roberts at his word that the hold was not because Fanning was gay but because of another issue. Ironically, it was former "don't ask, don't tell"-backer Sen. John McCain who came to Fanning's defense to get the hold lifted.
“There's a process you go through to have a hold lifted,” Fanning says. “So John McCain goes to the Senate floor. He was campaigning to get me confirmed. Roberts comes and explains that a deal has been struck and then lifts the hold and then I have the vote and was unanimously confirmed." The vote was May 17. "Two Republicans both extolling my qualifications! It was just a bizarre thing to watch," remembers Fanning. "But that was the silver lining to having that hold — it got attention, members started talking about it, and it was bizarre but it was certainly a nice feeling.”
For the first time, golden jackals have been detected in the northern German state of Schleswig-Holstein, which borders Denmark, authorities announced this week. The animals are originally native to the Balkans, but have slowly spread to areas they never previously settled, such as northern Italy, eastern Austria and Hungary.
After three sheep were attacked by an animal in the region of Dithmarschen on the North Sea coast this month, authorities first suspected a wolf. A DNA sample, however, revealed the culprit to be a golden jackal (Canis aureus), the state ministry for the environment announced.
The predators are smaller and more slender than gray wolves and normally weigh 8 to 10 kilograms (17 to 22 pounds), while especially large specimens can reach 15 kilograms, according to the ministry. They are protected by German federal regulations.
One of the sheep died following the incident, meaning the farmer can claim compensation. Authorities pay farmers damages when wolves, which are also protected in Germany, kill their livestock.
Spreading north
Despite the name, golden jackals are believed to be more closely related to gray wolves and coyotes than to the black-backed and side-striped jackal species native to Africa.
Golden jackals have been spreading through Europe to regions where they never previously lived
Individual specimens have been sporadically detected in Switzerland and Germany over the past few years, the ministry said. In the summer of 2000, evidence of their presence was first discovered in a southern part of Brandenburg state. Specimens popped up in Bavaria in 2012, in Hessen in 2013 and in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern and Lower Saxony in 2016, gradually moving north.
Europe's northernmost population of golden jackals is in Denmark. The ministry said it could not accurately determine if the latest findings were evidence of Danish jackals colonizing Schleswig-Holstein.
The animals usually live in pairs and occupy fixed territories of about 3 square kilometers (1 square mile).
They tend to feed on insects, rodents, birds and amphibians but can also eat smaller mammals such as hares and rabbits, rare deer, and their offspring.
This week in southern Germany a golden jackal was struck on the highway near Freising, which is close to Munich airport.
The recent discovery that some Asian microhylid frogs frequent the dung piles of elephants has gotten these obscure little anurans into the news, possibly for the first time ever. Microhylids - or narrow-mouthed frogs - are not exactly the superstars of the frog world: they're only really familiar to specialists, despite the fact that (as of June 2009) they contain over 450 species distributed across Africa, Madagascar, the Americas, and Asia. However, some more recent research on the group shows that, like so many animals, they're really quite interesting once you get to know them...
You might be surprised to learn that microhylids in Peru, India, Sri Lanka and perhaps elsewhere have developed close relationships with large spiders. One of the first published discussions of this phenomenon was produced by Crocraft & Hambler (1989). Noting a close association between individuals of the Dotted humming frog Chiasmocleis ventrimaculata and the burrowing theraphosid tarantula Xenesthis immanis in southeastern Peru (but read on), they suggested that the spider - well capable of killing and eating a frog of this size - used chemical cues to recognise the frogs. Young spiders have sometimes been observed to grab the frogs, examine them with their mouthparts, and then release them unharmed. Microhylids are probably unpalatable due to their skin toxins, and this might explain how this association arose in the first place [the image above shows a tarantula walking over a Dotted humming frog. Photo by Emanuele Biggi from here on Anura.it. Used with permission].
Crocraft & Hambler (1989) noted that the frog seemed to benefit from living in proximity to the spider by eating the small invertebrates that were attracted to prey remains left by the spider. The frog presumably also benefits by receiving protection: small frogs like this are preyed on by snakes and large arthropods, yet this frog is protected by a formidable spider bodyguard. Hunt (1980) suggested that the spider might gain benefit from the presence of the frog: microhylids specialise on eating ants, and ants are one of the major predators of spider eggs. By eating ants, the microhylids might help protect the spider's eggs. Hmm, interesting...
In an unpublished masters report from 2002, Jolene Csakany examined the relationship observed between the Dotted humming frog and two kinds of theraphosid, again in Peru. Csakany was unable to identify the spiders concerned: she noted that Crocraft & Hambler's (1989) identification of X. immanis might be incorrect as this spider is otherwise thought to be absent from Peru. Furthermore, X. immanis has some bright pink on its dorsal surface, whereas the spiders observed by Csakany were either robust and solid black, or less robust, and with red hairs on their abdomens. The black spider might be a new species of Pamphobeteus, known locally as the chicken spider (due to an anecdotal account where one carried off a chick!), but the fact that Csakany observed two different kinds of Peruvian tarantula suggests that humming frogs might have formed relationships with more than one tarantula species. Csakany placed skin from humming frogs onto the body of a frog that does not seem to have any special relationship with tarantulas and is ordinarily eaten by them (the Lowland tropical bullfrog Leptodactylus andreae, a leptodactylid. Csakany used one of its synonyms: Adenomera andreai [sic]). After grabbing the skin-wearing Leptodactylus specimens, the spiders examined them, and released them unharmed. Again, this supports the hypothesis that the tarantulas recognise 'partner' frogs after receiving certain chemical signals [adjacent image shows Pamphobeteus nigricolor, from wikipedia].
Another relationship between a microhylid and a spider was reported on Rameshwaran Island (off the south-east coast of India) by Siliwal & Ravichandran (2008). These authors reported that they first became alerted to the possibility of an unusual relationship between the arboreal tarantula Poecilotheria and the microhylid Kaloula taprobanica* after seeing individuals of both species emerge from the same tree hole, and then stand in close proximity without the spider showing any predatory interest in the frog (recall that big spiders will ordinarily eat small frogs if the situation allows). And Poecilotheria is a large, aggressive tarantula, quite capable of killing and eating small frogs [image above shows a close relative of K. taprobanica, K. baleata, from wikipedia. Image below, from Siliwal & Ravichandran (2008), shows K. taprobanica on the left, the spider on the right, and the shared tree hole in the middle].
* The species name is wrongly spelt taprobranica [sic] in the paper. A bit embarrassing, perhaps, as Taprobane is the old name for Sri Lanka.
More recently, Karunarathna & Amarasinghe (2009) reported close relationships between the microhyline Ramanella nagaoi and the theraphosids Poecilotheria ornata and P. cf. subfusca in Sri Lanka. The frog and the tarantulas shared tree holes, and a number also contained eggs and/or juveniles of the spider, or eggs and/or juveniles of the frog, or eggs and/or juveniles of both 'partner' species. Karunarathna & Amarasinghe also cite a very obscure published report by G. Miller from 2003 where a South American microhylid (this time the Bolivian bleating frog Hamptophryne boliviana) was observed in close association with the theraphosid Xenesthis immanis. Unlike Kaloula and Ramanella (which are both microhyline microhylid), Hamptophryne is a gastrophrynine, as is Chiasmocleis. For the significance of this, read on.
Complex relations: commensalism... or mutualism?
The various papers you've just been reading about frequently refer to these microhylid-tarantula associations as examples of commensalism. Commensalism, as I'm sure you know, is the phenomenon whereby species strike up a relationship that is beneficial to one, but has no real cost or benefit to the other. So, if a small, insectivorous bat sleeps in the roof of the house you build, the bat is benefiting from your house, but you essentially gain nothing*, and nor does the bat exact any sort of cost on you or the resources you rely on. If these microhylids and spiders do have a commensal relationship, I presume the thinking is that the frog receives protection from predators thanks to its association with the spider, but that the spider gets nothing in return [adjacent pic from wikipedia].
* On this occasion, let's pretend that the bat eats something inconsequential to human life, rather than piles of mosquitoes.
However, as we've already seen, there are indications that things are more complicated than this. The frogs seem to benefit through their association with a large, formidable predator: presumably, the risk of predation from snakes and so on is lessened thanks to the presence of the spider, and indeed the snakes, geckos, mantids and other frog-eating predators normally found in Sri Lankan tree holes were absent from those frequented by the spider Poecilotheria. Karunarathna & Amarasinghe (2009) reported how several Poecilotheria were seen attacking individuals of Hemidactylus depressus (a gecko) after the latter tried eating the eggs of the frogs the spiders were sharing their tree holes with. The frogs also seem to benefit from the fact that the leftovers of the spiders' meals provide food for their tadpoles (Karunarathna & Amarasinghe 2009), and attract small insects that are eaten by the frogs (Siliwal & Ravichandran 2008). As mentioned above, the spider seems to benefit in that the frogs eat the ants that might ordinarily attack the spider's eggs. Due to their small size, ants are presumably difficult for the spiders to deal with, and they might be effectively helpless against them.
So, both the frogs and the tarantulas seem to benefit from the association of their 'partner'. If this is so, then we're not seeing commensalism, but mutualism. Mutualism is more sophisticated than commensalism, and describes the condition whereby both species gain benefit from the relationship. In extreme forms of mutualism, both species are utterly reliant on the other. It's possible that things might be heading that way, but there are no indications as yet that microhylids or tarantulas have become that specialised, given that all of the species discussed here can survive without a 'partner' [in the photo below, a group of tarantulas is feeding on a frog. Yet, nearby, a 'partner' microhylid (a Chiasmocleis) is in no danger from attack. Again the photo is by Emanuele Biggi, available here on Anura.it. Used with permission. Be sure to visit his site to see this and other images at larger size].
As hinted at above, the fact that the mutualistic relationships discussed here occur on at least two continents, and among frogs (and spiders) that belong to distinct lineages, indicates that these relationships have evolved more than once. Furthermore, they might prove more widespread than realised so far, and more species should be examined with this behaviour in mind. Indeed there are even indications that the mutualism described here is not unique to microhylids, as Powell et al. (1984) reported an association between the Tungara frog Engystomops pustulosus (formerly Physalaemus pustulosus)* and tarantulas of the genus Aphonopelma in Mexico.
* Engystomops is a leiupeurid: Leiupeuridae (named in 1850) is another recently recognised hyloid frog clade, this time extracted from the old, inclusive version of Leptodactylidae by Grant et al. (2006). Leiupeurids are hypothesised to be the sister-taxon to the bufonid + nobleobatian clade (termed Agastorophrynia).
Many thanks to SÃ¸ren Rafn for the assistance!
And if you're in need of a tutorial on microhylids and where they fit within Anura, see Of short-heads, shovel-snouters and squeakers: an afrobatrachian's tale (part I).
Refs - -
Crocraft, R. B. & Hambler, K. 1989. Observations of a commensal relationship of the microhylid frog Chiasmocleis ventrimaculata and the burrowing theraphosid spider Xenesthis immanis in southeastern Peru. Biotropica 21, 2-8.
Foelix, R. F. 1982. Biology of the Spiders. Harvard University Press, Cambridge, Mass.
Grant, T., Frost, D. R., Caldwell, J. P., Gagliardo, R., Haddad, C. F. B., Kok, P. J. R., Means, D. B., Noonan, B. P., Schargel, W. E. & Wheeler, W. C. 2006. Phylogenetic systematics of dart-poison frogs and their relatives (Amphibia: Athesphatanura: Dendrobatidae). Bulletin of the American Museum of Natural History 299, 1-262.
Hunt, R. H. 1980. Frog sanctuary in a tarantula burrow. Natural History 89 (3), 48-53.
Powell, R., Little, L. W. & Smith, D. D. 1984. Eine Wohngemeinschaft von Physalaemus pustulosus (Cope, 1864) (Salientia: Leptodactylidae) mit einer bodenbewohnenden Vogelspinne. Salamandra 20, 273-274.
Siliwal, M. & Ravichandran, B. 2008. Commensalism in microhylid frogs and mygalomorph spiders. Zoos' Print 23, 13.
Karunarathna, D. M. S. S. & Amarasinghe, A. A. T. 2009. Mutualism in Ramanella nagaoi Manamendra-Arachchi & Pethiyagoda, 2001 (Amphibia: Microhylidae) and Poecilotheria species (Aracnida [sic]: Thereposidae [sic]) from Sri Lanka. Taprobanica 1, 16-18.
It's official—Bitcoin has survived the Trough of Sorrow [1][2]. Take a look at Bitcoin's price (BTC) for it's full lifetime [3]:
BTC price since birth
Look familiar? It should. It's a spitting image of The Startup Curve [4]:
The Startup Curve
Uncanny, right?
Some of you will still remember the abrupt rise and fall of Bitcoin back in 2012 (yeah, it really was four years ago). But BTC didn't die—it was heads down, building.
Brief History: BTC first gained tiny amounts of traction through 2011 and 2012 then in November 2013 got it's TechCrunch of Initiation. Except, with BTC, it wasn't a TechCrunch of Initiation, it was a CNN, Wall Street Journal, Forbes, New York Times and hundreds of others of Initiation. Bitcoin was big news. Then the price tumbled after the massive spike. People largely forgot about Bitcoin (except big banks and fintech companies trying to figure out what to do about their impending doom). Things moved on.
Some blame the Chinese Bitcoin buyers for the crash, others just thought BTC was tainted from the start. But, alas, after burning through four years in the Trough of Sorrow—with companies dutifully integrating BTC into the normal economy—Bitcoin has emerged with, what startups would call, product market-fit.
Celebrate
Some festivities are in order. For me, I've fired up the old GPU mining rigs in Deepgram's AI Lab. It's gettin' hot in here. ;)
[1] Hacker News: The Startup Curve
[2] Shirlaws Coaching: From Paul Graham's Trough of Sorrow to Infinity and Beyond
[3] Coinbase
[4] Forbes: Making it Through the Trough of Sorrow
Follow us to A.I. land
About
Have you ever felt like you needed more from your simple to-do list? We have too. As a solution, we created MapleTasks: a comprehensive project and task management system that is built for the modern world. MapleTasks is great for programmers, students, parents, and anyone else that wants a little bit more organization in their lives.
Highlights
Rich organization capabilities through groups, projects, tasks, and subtasks.
Task labels, milestones, and Gantt charts make it easy to add structure to your projects.
Collaborative projects allow you to work with other members.
Novel QuickView, Calendar, and Overview pages make knowing what to do next effortless.
Accessible anywhere, from any device.
Beautiful, crisp user interface that is a joy to use.
MapleTasks Features
Overview
MapleTasks provides an overview page that allows you to quickly look at your projects' statuses and your upcoming tasks. Easily look at tasks' due dates, Markdown formatted descriptions, and more with hoverable icons. There is even a daily productivity goal that you can configure to stay productive.
MapleTasks Overview Page
Mobile Friendly
You can effortlessly create and view your tasks online from any device. MapleTasks has been crafted with mobile devices in mind, making viewing your tasks on your smartphone or tablet a pleasure.
MapleTasks works on your mobile devices!
Project View
The MapleTasks project view is very resilient, offering significant functionality. You can add as much or as little information to your tasks as you want. Content includes:
An optional Gantt chart showing a timeline of your milestones and their progress.
The projects task with their information and metadata, including hoverable information icons.
A task inspector capable of displaying a Markdown formatted description.
Additionally, you can filter your project's tasks by their completion status. Staying on top of your tasks is easy thanks to checkboxes that turn yellow on the day that their respective task is due and red when overdue. Each project can have its own unique set of collaborators and task labels that can easily be managed. Collaborators can be set to have either full or readonly permissions.
MapleTasks Project View
Calendar
MapleTasks allows you to look at your tasks on a familiar calendar view. Sometimes, as useful as they are, lists don't provide the big picture of your tasks. The MapleTasks Calendar allows viewing your tasks and meetings together in such a way that it is easy to see what needs to be done by when. You can even download ICS files of your meetings to add them to your device's standard calendar.
MapleTasks Calendar Page
Other Features
Task search
Intelligent date picker
Task file attachments
QuickView – look at upcoming, important, and easy tasks
Data exporting
And more!
API
MapleTasks even has a RESTful web service API so that your custom software can integrate with MapleTasks easily and securely. Learn more.
For more information and to learn about all of MapleTasks' great features, visit http://mapletasks.com.
MapleTasks for Mac
In addition to the MapleTasks web client, we have created a Mac application that makes it incredibly easy to create and view your tasks. You can look at all your projects and your task QuickView. The MapleTasks app is currently undergoing Apple's review process.
MapleTasks for Mac
You can even configure a custom keyboard shortcut that can be accessed from anywhere in your computer to create a new task without interrupting what you are doing and without sacrificing usability.
Quickly create tasks from anywhere!
Development
We have been studiously working on MapleTasks over the past several months and we finally feel that MapleTasks is ready for a version 1.0 release.
Both consultants and ourselves have carefully checked our codebase several times for security holes. We feel that MapleTasks is watertight right now and ready for a public release.
While MapleTasks may be finished, we need your help bringing it to market. Several startup costs, such as SSL certificates and trademark filings, stand between us and a fully up-and-running MapleTasks deployment. We have several reward levels that you can choose from to become one of the first people on MapleTasks, at a significant discount off plan prices after launch.
We have calculated all of our operating costs and we are confident that MapleTasks will be able to get off to a great start with this campaign's success.
What's Next?
Assuming a successful campaign, we will dedicate all of our resources to MapleTasks to continue development and make it the best project and task management solution in the world. We have many more features and refinements that we would like to add to MapleTasks over the next few months; including decaying tasks and new, specialized project types.
We are also currently working on an iOS / Apple Watch app that will make creating and viewing your tasks even easier.
Rewards
culture Remembering the Russell Hill Disaster, Toronto's Deadliest Subway Crash
Now and Then explores the stories behind Toronto's historical plaques and monuments.
On August 11, 1995, around 6 p.m., Torontonians were heading home from work, like any other day. But that evening commute would not end normally.
Just after 6 p.m., a subway train—Run 35—travelling southbound from St. Clair West station collided with another train—Run 34—in the tunnel between St. Clair and Dupont. Three riders were killed, dozens were injured, and about 40 people were sent to hospital.
The Russell Hill disaster, so named because the tunnel between the two stations runs under Russell Hill, is Toronto's worst subway crash.
The trains were carrying around 700 people, who were trapped in the wreckage below ground in hot, humid conditions while rescuers worked to get them out. The next morning, the Toronto Star reported that the collision had pushed the roofs of the cars up, blocking the tunnel's air vents and making the 40 C heat worse.
The Star likened the scene to the bombings in Oklahoma City that had happened that April. A spokeswoman for Metro Toronto said a police officer had said it was “like there's been a plane crash.” One rescue worker said it was “a piece of hell.” Several people told the Star they thought it was a bomb or some sort of explosion.
Some passengers were able to walk away, and stumbled up the hill at Winston Churchill Park, while others, including a mother and baby, were trapped below ground for hours. It took over eight hours to get everyone out. The parking lot nearby was filled with ambulances.
Three women died: 43-year-old Kinga Szabo, a former Olympic basketball player who defected to Canada from Romania; 33-year-old Christina Munar Reyes, a recent immigrant from the Philippines whose husband was injured in the crash and lost his legs; and 23-year-old Xian Hui Lin, also a newcomer to Canada, who was on her way to dinner with her husband. He was injured too.
Many were left with terrible and terrifying memories. Lemuel Leyda told the Globe and Mail in 2005 that he had tried to free Reyes. He hadn't ridden the subway after that night because of the memories.
In 2015, 20 years after the crash, the Toronto Star checked in with some of the people who were there that day. They remembered the smoke, the confusion, and the struggle to save people trapped in the wreckage.
Lin was pinned under wreckage for hours, as paramedics and other rescue workers sat with her and tried to save her. They were able to bring in a doctor—a surgeon from Sunnybrook who had to crawl on his stomach to reach his patient—and he amputated her leg just before midnight. She died shortly after.
Locals brought water and juice to rehydrate rescue workers and survivors and one police officer told the Star in 2015 that a small child he had seen trapped later got out of the tunnel and waved to him.
In the days after the crash, TTC workers told the Star that several safety measures would have had to fail to allow a train to rear end another. If a train bypasses a red light, they said, a device called a trip arm should automatically stop the train. Failing that, there are other levels of brakes.
They also said that the stretch between St. Clair West and Dupont was notoriously difficult—a long stretch of tunnel with twists and turns and a steep drop coming down from Russell Hill to Dupont.
A coroner's inquest said the crash was a combination of human and mechanical error and gave the TTC a list of 236 recommendations, which chief safety officer John O'Grady told the Star had been completed by August 2015.
One of the things that went wrong that day was the Ericsson trip arm meant to stop a train that goes through a red light. That evening, the trip arm flipped down instead of up and allowed Run 35 to continue down the track.
Since the crash, and the realization that the arms were not performing as expected, the TTC started looking across the whole system and identifying overlooked problems in infrastructure, some of which dated back to the 1950s, when the line opened.
David Gunn, who, in 1995, was the chief general manager of the TTC, told the Star in 2005, “What changed at the TTC after the accident? I'd have to say just about everything.”
Did you like this article? Do you love Torontoist? Support articles like this by becoming one of the first Torontoist subscribers. Get great perks and fund local journalism that makes a difference—join Raccoon Nation now.
During a conference dedicated to the rebuilding efforts in Haiti following the last January's deadly and devastating earthquake, the Haitian government released a stirring video. The clip, taken from the closed-circuit security cameras in the Presidential Palace in Port-au-Prince, shows people desperately looking for cover as the palace crumbles and collapses around them. Truly terrifying stuff.
While we deal with our own terrible ecological disaster at home, the video is a stark reminder that Haiti still needs our help as well. If watching it isn't enough remind you of the enormity of the situation, these statistics should do the trick:
“Two months after more than 140 nations pledged $5.3 billion toward Haiti's reconstruction over the next two years and $9.9 billion over the next decade, little of the money has arrived. So far, only Brazil has cut a check — for $55 million.
Meanwhile, more than 1.5 million Haitians remain under tents and tarps as the government struggles with a budget deficit, and opposition and frustration over a lack of progress.”
(via CNN.com)
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
I received this book for free from Horror Novel Reviews in exchange for an honest review.
Mr Reagan writes about teens who are trying to escape the strictures of their lives. Doesn't matter that their lives in middle class Connecticut are quite comfortable, they are all still looking for the elusive rainbow that their music will bring them.
From Connecticut, the band “Lies as Language” travels to South Jersey to play a gig. For those of you who don't know, South Jersey contains the Pine Barrens, over a million acres of trees, rivers and mountains that is also supposed to contain the Jersey Devil. This creature, according those who claim to have seen it, has a horse's face, a dog's head and wings. According to legend, Mrs. Leeds gave birth to it in the Pine Barrens (to remind you, the story is called Leeds House).
The band and the groupies they've picked up are travelling along a highway when something hits the car. They're sure the something is a cow and, to get away, they zoom off the highway taking turn after turn. They wind up in the Pine Barrens, completely lost, where they encounter a dark shape that seems to melt inside the darkness of the forest. They then come upon a house standing by itself in the trees and in which they manage to scare the old, blind woman living there. Before they leave, however, they ask about the shadow. She tells the group that it wasn't hunting them, it was trying to escape from what it was attached to.
These products of modern civilization have managed to lose their phones and their van which makes them completely helpless in the dark forest. So close to paved roads, but without their up-to-the-minute conveniences, they are completely helpless. They come to another house, surprisingly well maintained where they spend the night. And encounter the dark shadow again.
Mr Reagan acknowledges his debt to awful D horror films. It shows in this story line, the young people stranded in a house in the woods and knowing that there's something out there. But the author has his own voice and that's a problem for me.
I'm looking at this book from an older perspective, when curse words were whispered, not injected into every sentence. I'm sure that each protagonist is speaking in a voice that some cool young people really use today, but I didn't find it cool, I found it made the protagonists sound like spoiled children.
However, I can recommend this book, especially if you like gore. Or wait until it gets made into a movie. It looks like it could be turned into one. But older people, be warned. The daily speech of these kids is raw. The story itself is entertaining. You'll have to make up your own minds about it.
Part of the aloofness is the result of a United States executive order that prohibits the sale of American weapons to Vietnam, a vestige of the Vietnam War. But Washington is showing increasing interest in lifting the ban, and the expected new United States ambassador to Vietnam, Ted Osius, who is awaiting confirmation from the Senate, said in testimony last month that easing the embargo should be considered.
For the moment, Vietnam buys weapons mainly from Russia, Israel and India. It has taken delivery of two Kilo-class submarines from Russia, and has ordered four more. Japan has pledged to provide coast guard vessels. In a move intended to encourage Vietnam to accept more from Washington, Secretary of State John Kerry announced $18 million in nonlethal aid for Vietnam's maritime security during a visit in December.
Vietnam does not expect, or want, intervention by the United States, said Dang Dinh Quy, president of the Diplomatic Academy of Vietnam. “We don't expect help from anyone,” he said. “We are confident we can do it ourselves. We will keep to current strategies of trying to prevent a clash, and if it happens we will try to deal with it. We welcome all users of the South China Sea as long as they are conducive to preserving peace, stability and a legal order in the region.”
The shadow of the 1979 war, ordered by the Chinese leader Deng Xiaoping to punish Vietnam for its invasion of Cambodia, endures in places along the border. The memories are strong not only because of the death toll but also because the Chinese pummeled towns and villages as they withdrew, destroying schools and hospitals, in what the Chinese military later called a “goodbye kiss.”
Lang Son has since been rebuilt, and modest high-rises emblazoned with neon give it the feel of a prosperous trading post. But people here still remember a river full of bodies, both Vietnamese and Chinese, and how long it took for the terrible smell to go away. The combined death toll has been estimated at least 50,000 troops, along with 10,000 Vietnamese civilians.
The Chinese soldiers were instructed to be merciless and resorted to a “frenzy of extreme emotions,” according to a former Chinese intelligence officer, Xu Meihong, who immigrated to the United States and whose account appears in a history of the war, “Chinese Military Strategy in the Third Indochina War” by Edward C. O'Dowd.
Mummies and papyrus among treasures found in Egypt's newest ancient Greco-Roman tomb
Posted
Egypt has unearthed an ancient burial site containing at least 17 mummies, most fully intact, in the latest in a string of discoveries that the country's Antiquities Minister described as a helping hand for its struggling tourism sector.
Key points: At least 17 mostly-intact mummies discovered in the tomb south of Cairo
Believed to date from Greco-Roman period, after 332 BC
One of a number of ancient discoveries in Egypt this year
The funerary site, uncovered eight metres below ground in Minya, a province about 250 kilometres south of Cairo, contained limestone and clay sarcophagi, animal coffins, and papyrus inscribed with Demotic script.
The burial chamber was first detected last year by a team of Cairo University students using radar.
The mummies have not yet been dated but are believed to date to Egypt's Greco-Roman period, a roughly 600-year span that followed the country's conquest by Alexander the Great in 332 BC, according to Mohamed Hamza, a Cairo University archaeology dean in charge of the excavations.
Egypt is hoping the recent discoveries will brighten its image abroad and revive interest among travellers that once flocked to its iconic pharaonic temples and pyramids but have shunned the country since its 2011 political uprising.
"2017 has been a historic year for archaeological discoveries," Antiquities Minister Khaled Al-Anani told a news conference in announcing the find on Saturday.
"It's as if it's a message from our ancestors who are lending us a hand to help bring tourists back."
Salah Al-Kholi, a Cairo University Egyptology professor who led the mission, said as many as 32 mummies may be in the chamber, including mummies of women, children and infants.
Year of discoveries
Archaeologists have excavated a slew of relics in recent months that include a nobleman's tomb from more than 3,000 years ago, 12 cemeteries that date back about 3,500 years and a giant colossus believed to depict King Psammetich I, who ruled from 664 to 610 BC.
Tourism Minister Yehia Rashed said last month the new finds could boost tourist arrivals this year to about 10 million, an improvement from the 9.3 million visitors that came in 2015 but still far below the 14.7 million from 2010.
No 2016 figure is yet available.
The tourism sector, a crucial source of hard currency, has struggled to regain ground amid a growing number of militant attacks, including two Islamic State church bombings last month.
Reuters
Topics: history, ancient-religions, archaeology, egypt
AUSTIN, Texas — Dr. Jill Stein has been attacked in the mainstream media, threatened with legal action, and even created a divide within her own political party due to her attempts to audit the results of the presidential election.
“I think Jill Stein's doing the right thing,” said Mark Crispin Miller, a self-described “election integrity activist,” in an interview with MintPress News. “I think it's extremely difficult to argue for any kind of cynical or self-serving motive in this.”
Miller, a professor of media studies at New York University, has spent much of the last decade studying the results of U.S. elections. In the lead up to Election Day, he told MintPress that electronic voting machines in the United States are dangerously vulnerable to hacking and fraud. Now, he says he hopes recounts will encourage more voters to support election reform.
“Beyond their immediate political effects between now and the next election, what the recounts will do is make clear at long last that we must radically reform our abysmal voting system so that this kind of thing never happens again,” Miller said.
Stein and her legal team demanded recounts in Wisconsin, Michigan, and Pennsylvania. To fuel these efforts, she spearheaded a crowdfunding campaign which raised more $6.7 million, a sum barely able to cover the massive filing fees required to force a recount in each state.
Stein and election integrity activists have repeatedly criticized the high costs of recounts and suggested the process should be triggered automatically under certain circumstances. “Whenever races are very close, there should be an automatic recount,” Stein said in a Nov. 30 appearance on Democracy Now!
Independent presidential candidate Roque De La Fuente has also filed for a recount in Nevada, though his efforts have received little media attention.
“I'm only interested in validating the election and exposing the vulnerabilities I believe exist in our current system,” De La Fuente said in a Nov. 30 press release. “I'm not trying to change the results.”
The Wisconsin recount began on Thursday and continued into this week.
On Saturday, Stein's recount campaign announced its intention to sue Pennsylvania officials in federal court over legal and financial roadblocks to recount efforts in that state.
https://twitter.com/DrJillStein/status/805274438975492100
On Sunday, a judge in Michigan ordered recount efforts to begin by noon on Monday, while the state's Republican attorney general, Bill Schuette, has said he will sue to block the recount.
Stein and other election analysts have highlighted the problem of “under-voting” in Michigan as a sign of possible election fraud. About 84,000 voters made no selection for president, according to the current official results. Recount efforts have already revealed that many voting machines in Michigan were broken, The Guardian reported on Tuesday.
On Monday, Stein told CNN's Erin Burnett that the lawsuit in Michigan and attacks on Stein's recount efforts from President-elect Donald Trump, suggest the GOP fears what a recount could reveal.
“They're doing everything they can to stop transparency and accountability,” Stein said.
The media's ‘bizarre refusal' to take election integrity seriously
While Miller and other activists have applauded Stein's efforts and over 130,000 of people donated to her recount campaign, she's also been the target of harsh and sometimes factually inaccurate attacks.
“What's blown my mind at the moment is the almost universal hostility toward Stein,” Miller said, noting that both mainstream media and relatively progressive journalistic voices have joined in criticizing recount efforts.
Writing for the New Yorker on Nov. 28, Amy Davidson deemed the recount “a corrosive, conspiracy-minded, and slanderous attack on the integrity of our voting system.” On Friday, Chris Conover, a contributor to Forbes' health blog, The Apothecary, wrote that Stein and others supporting the recount “could have saved the lives of at least 5,000 children had they invested in malaria prevention efforts rather than recounting presidential votes.”
“I shouldn't be amazed because for over a decade I've been struggling to get the press to pay attention to the issue of election fraud, so I'm well aware of their bizarre refusal to go anywhere near the story,” Miller continued.
While election integrity is a vital issue for American democracy, he suggested the issue has been labeled a “conspiracy theory,” which allows it to be dismissed without closer examination.
Other rumors swirling around Stein's efforts suggest she's attempting to get rich from the recount, or that the efforts have been funded by powerful Democratic Party insiders such as George Soros. Soros, a wealthy political donor frequently linked to international humanitarian NGOs that actually benefit Western interests, is often falsely accused of paying for protests in the United States.
MintPress made several unsuccessful attempts to contact Stein and her recount team for comment on these issues. However, she addressed several of these concerns in her Democracy Now! interview, in which Stein told host Amy Goodman that she isn't legally able to use the recount money for personal gain or even to support the Green Party.
“FEC rules require that a recount be funded by a dedicated recount account, and the money can only be used for that,” she said.
Stein also noted that because the recount is part of her presidential campaign, campaign finance laws limit the size of the donations she can accept for the recount. Stein continued:
“The average donation is $45. One-half of 1 percent of donors contributed more than $1,000. And the absolute maximum is the maximum you can contribute to a political campaign, which is $2,700.”
‘We don't agree with it, but she has the right to do it'
A statement published Nov. 28 on the website of Dr. Margaret Flowers, a Green Party member whose bid for the Senate failed this year and 2016 co-chair of the Green Party convention, begins:
“We write to reaffirm our commitment to building a Green Party that has a radical analysis of the society in which we live, and promotes bold solutions to transform our society and address the root causes of those crises; a Green Party that is independent of the two money-dominated parties.”
The statement, which is cosigned by numerous notable Green Party supporters including activist and author Chris Hedges and Rosa Clemente, the 2008 Green Party vice presidential candidate, accuses Stein of aligning the Green Party with the Democratic Party through the recount effort. The statement also suggests that Stein did not follow proper Green Party procedures for receiving approval for the recount, although it is within her legal rights as a candidate to call for recounts.
“We don't agree with it, but she has the right to do it,” Flowers said in an interview with MintPress. “People are saying this really stinks, this wasn't done in the proper way.”
Rather than targeting states where Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton narrowly lost to Trump, Flowers said the Green Party should be investigating potential irregularities which affected Green votes, such as a social media rumor that Green votes were stolen in Maine.
She also objected to recount filings which suggest Russian hackers could have interfered with the election, which she called “dangerous propaganda” with little evidence to support it. It's also a charge that was leveled against Stein after she attended a December 2015 conference sponsored by Russian-owned TV network RT.
“Now she's turned around and is using the Democrats' argument,” Flowers said.
Flowers also said she perceives the recount as a distraction from the larger agenda of the Green Party, which is currently focused on building power in local and state communities.
“I think as we begin to see results that actually translate into a more secure voting system, that minds will change,” Stein said in her appearance on Democracy Now! Stein in response to some of the criticisms she's received from her party.
Stein continued:
“The Greens, you know, are very focused on economic justice, racial justice, climate justice, you name it. And as a—for many Greens, especially newer Greens, electoral integrity has not been a priority.”
While agreeing that the Green Party should focus on economic, racial and climate justice, Flowers rejected the notion that the membership ignores the importance of electoral integrity. She said many party members object to the recount because one of the two major parties is most likely to benefit.
“Many Greens work on election integrity,” she said. “The concern was that the way that it was done — we're basically picking up the Democratic Party's water and carrying it.”
Despite these differences, Flowers expressed her respect for Stein's work as a candidate and activist. “She and I disagree on this. It doesn't change my respect for all the work that she did over years to very tirelessly build up the Green Party.”
Ultimately, Flowers said she hopes the conflict will lead to better procedures for finding consensus and making decisions within the Green Party:
“Personally, I don't shy away from these types of conflicts. I think they can be really important moments for growing and learning. I feel pretty strongly that the party is going to come out stronger because of all this.”
‘The perilous condition of our electoral democracy'
Mark Crispin Miller said it's all but impossible that the recounts will actually change the result of the election. And even if the recount uncovers clear evidence of fraud, he suggested the Democrats' reluctance to contest the 2000 and 2004 election results will repeat in 2016.
“The Democrats have never contested election results,” he said, “and I don't believe Clinton is any more inclined to do that than Gore or Kerry was.”
Despite the ineffectiveness of the Democratic Party, Miller believes the recounts could reveal strong evidence of election tampering:
“What I hope happens is that the recounts are successful enough to verify that there was extensive fraud in this election so that it then becomes impossible to keep the subject under wraps and for the press to continue to act as if it can't happen here.”
The United States trails behind other countries when it comes to the reliability of elections, according to the Electoral Integrity Project, a study carried out by researchers at Harvard University and the University of Sydney.
In addition to the irregularities uncovered in Michigan, Miller cited discrepancies between final election results and pre-election polls and exit polls which suggested Clinton would win key swing states as a sign of potential electronic voting fraud.
“Confronted with an election result that diverges wildly from tons of pre-election data and tons of election day data, people will automatically assume that the data is wrong and the official outcome is right,” Miller noted.
Yet he also observed that such irregularities frequently lead U.S. officials to accuse foreign countries of election fraud. As a hypothetical example, Miller suggested: “What if in Russia all the polls before the election and all the exit polls told us that one of Putin's adversaries was going to win, but then Putin won by a large margin?”
Miller continued:
“We trust these private voting machine companies, most of which were founded by right-wing Republicans. They simply tell us what the tally is and we believe them and the media believes them. And if anyone like Jill Stein suggests we verify the results, they treat her as the skunk in the garden party.”
Above all, Miller concluded, the priority right now should be safeguarding democracy, no matter what the recount efforts reveal.
“There are a lot of people who are sincerely convinced that stopping Trump is the most important thing right now and I respect that view and I share it to some extent,” he said, “but I think that the perilous condition of our electoral democracy is the most important issue, ultimately.”
An 84-78 victory on the road Saturday against Northern Iowa to open the season has Colorado State men's basketball coach Larry Eustachy focused on the season ahead, with no time to linger on past disappointments.
With the victory against a 2015 NCAA Tournament team in the books, the Rams are looking ahead to Thursday night's home opener against Loyola Marymount at 7 p.m. at Moby Arena.
But even with the impressive start, Eustachy wasn't ready to predict anything for the season.
“I don't know this team yet,” Eustachy said after Tuesday's practice. “I know we're going to hit some hard times with the difficulty of the nonconference schedule we have. It's hard to answer right now how good we might be with the schedule we have. It will help us figure out how good we are.”
WATCH: Who has the better program? CU or CSU?
Eustachy isn't dwelling on last season, when the Rams were at home watching the NCAA Tournament despite a 27-7 overall record and a 13-5 mark in the Mountain West.
“We've moved on, and we're just going to keep going,” Eustachy said.
He does look back at last season long enough to point out the difficulty of replacing J.J. Avila (16.7 points per game), Stanton Kidd (11.6) and Daniel Bejarano (11.4).
Eustachy is looking for senior leadership from 6-foot-7 forward Tiel Daniels, 6-4 guard Gian Clavell, 6-6 guard Joe De Ciman, and 6-2 guard Antwon Scott to guide this team.
Looking ahead to conference play, Eustachy expects strong showings from San Diego State, Boise State and UNLV. He thinks the Rams could be right behind the top group.
“We're going to be a good team,” Eustachy said. “Great teams make the NCAA Tournament. We're not a great team yet.”
Irv Moss: 303-954-1296, imoss@denverpost.com or @irvmoss
It looks like Andrew Ladd won't be leaving the Winnipeg Jets any time soon.
Currently negotiating a contract extension, Elliotte Friedman of Sportsnet reports the team and its captain have agreed on a six-year term, but the sides still have ground to cover regarding dollar figures.
"On salary, it sounds like the two are less than $1,000,000 apart per year, but more than $500,000," Friedman shared in his weekly 30 Thoughts. "It's not insignificant, but also not insurmountable."
"They are grinding each other, with the biggest issue likely to be that both Ladd and the Jets feel they've compromised enough."
Tim Campbell of the Winnipeg Free Press reported Monday that the 30-year-old initially asked the team for a six-year deal worth at least $41 million.
Ladd was named captain when the franchise moved from Atlanta to Winnipeg in 2011. He has averaged over 50 points per season since being dealt from the Stanley Cup champion Chicago Blackhawks in 2010.
Newt Gingrich has taken some potshots at the press since his campaign went off the rails on Sunday's Meet The Press, but it's nothing compared to the spectacular anti-media tirade that his spokesman offered up today.
Asked by the Huffington Post's Michael Calderone for his take on Gingrich's treatment in the news, spokesman Rick Tyler launched into what could only be described as an epic poem recounting his candidate's heroic journey.
“The literati sent out their minions to do their bidding,” Tyler wrote in an e-mail. “Washington cannot tolerate threats from outsiders who might disrupt their comfortable world.”He continued: “The firefight started when the cowardly sensed weakness.They fired timidly at first, then the sheep not wanting to be dropped from the establishment's cocktail party invite list unloaded their entire clip, firing without taking aim their distortions and falsehoods. Now they are left exposed by their bylines and handles.”
As for Gingrich's role in this drama, Tyler cast him as a fantasy hero straight out of Arthurian legend.
“But surely they had killed him off,” he wrote. “This is the way it always worked. A lesser person could not have survived the first few minutes of the onslaught. But out of the billowing smoke and dust of tweets and trivia emerged Gingrich, once again ready to lead those who won't be intimated by the political elite and are ready to take on the challenges America faces.”
Given Gingrich's impressive literary pedigree, which includes a number of novels, Tyler appears to have found the right candidate.
From Reading Circle To Library – Summerville's Henry Timrod Library celebrates its 100th anniversary
Imagine Summerville 100 years ago. Hardly any paved roads existed, and horse travel was still a primary means of transportation. Only 50 years prior marked the end of the civil war. In 1888, just 21 years after the end of the war, the International Congress of Physicians in Paris, France declared Summerville one of the two healthiest places in the world. This event marked the beginning of Summerville's Golden Age; a time when prominent visitors from all over the world traveled to this town for health reasons as well as the opportunity to bask in the town's serenity, charm, and beauty. It was in this time and setting, 1897 to be exact, that a group of Summerville ladies formed a Chautauqua reading circle. The books they chose to read and discuss were not what most of us today would have thought that a women's reading circle of that day would be delving into. They were reading and discussing works from authors like Emerson, Thoreau, Timrod, and Foster; and frequently discussed issues associated with politics and economics. In the beginning, they met at one another's homes and various locations around town. As the club grew and the need for more room became imperative, the meeting place moved to an upstairs room above Guerin's Pharmacy. Members of the reading circle began donating books and formed a library, which ultimately led to the birthing of a subscription library that was chartered on April 23, 1908. The need for a permanent library building became paramount. On land donated by the town of Summerville, a local contractor by the name of Jim Cooper with help from several local businesses and volunteers erected the building on Central Avenue; and on April 15, 1915, the Timrod Library opened its doors for business. For over 60 years, from 1915 to 1979, the Timrod Library was Summerville's only library.
Timrod Library and The Golden Age
Through Summerville's Golden Age there is no doubt Timrod Library did quite well just as most businesses and organizations around town. However, as the world entered into "The War To End All Wars" (WWI), priorities changed and travel throughout the US and the entire world decreased significantly. The beginning of WWI marked the beginning of the end for Summerville's Golden Age. Then came the "Great Depression" followed by WWII. Summerville's great inns and businesses that relied heavily upon visitors from abroad took a devastating financial blow. Many closed down completely while some others were able to streamline their expenses and remain in business until the advent of the motel and super-highways (1960s and early 1970s). The Timrod Library handled these changes and upheavals with tremendous resilience, grace, and dignity. While its membership may have suffered some losses during this time, it was never enough to cause a complete shutdown. Fortunately the Timrod's support came primarily from Summerville's residence instead of its visitors.
Subscription Libraries and Public Libraries
From the late 1800s through the 1920s Subscription Libraries were the only libraries in many US cities and towns. Because public libraries required government support via taxes and/or large contributions from philanthropists, there were no public libraries within the South Carolina lowcountry area until the 1960s; and not in the town of Summerville until May of 1979. However, as the populace grew, so did the need for public libraries. Tax monies were allocated, and the necessary funds were raised. As a result, all but two subscription libraries throughout the State South Carolina either merged with their public counterparts or completely disbanded. To this day, there are still only two subscription libraries in the State: The Charleston Library Society and The Henry Timrod Library.
The Henry Timrod Library – Established and Rooted In the Community
As stated in a previous article, Summerville - A Virtual Walking Tour Part 2, "This library that originated from a women's reading circle in 1897 seems to somehow personify the very heart and soul of the Summerville community; solid, steadfast, and yet willing and able to change with the times without a dilution of heritage, integrity, and/or preservation." There is a great deal more to this library than a beautiful old building filled with books, and even some books that can't be found anywhere else. No, there's a great deal more to it than just that. Back in 1915, the community of Summerville pitched in together to bring this library into being. They had a desire to make the media of the day (printed material) available to everyone. Not just for the citizens of that time, but for this community's citizens for many years, decades, and even centuries to come. Over the years additions to the building were added as the need arose. On each occasion, the community pitched in to help, just as it did in the beginning. The community of Summerville today is no less committed to the continued progression and goals of Timrod Library than it was in 1915. Today Timrod library offers a variety of media to its visitors; books, CD's, audiobooks, classic movies, and much more. On the second Thursday of the month, they have a children's story time. On several occasions throughout the year, authors are invited in to speak and give members an opportunity to meet them. There are book fairs, dinners, and always a friendly member of the staff that is more than willing to help each visitor experience all that Timrod has to offer. Yes, this library is a great deal more than just the sum of its parts. Stop by for a visit, wish them a happy 100th anniversary, and while you're there consider becoming a subscriber.
Imagine that an out of control trolley is speeding towards a group of five people. You are standing on a footbridge above, next to a large man. If you push him off the bridge onto the track below, his body will stop the trolley before it hits the five people. He will die, but the five others will be saved. Should you push the man off the bridge?
Before you make your decision, you should know that your popularity could depend on it. According to a new study of more than 2,400 participants, which we carried out with David Pizarro from Cornell University, the way you answer the “trolley problem” can have a big impact on how much people trust you. So let's have a look at your options.
You might say yes; saving five lives outweighs the harm of killing one person. And you wouldn't be alone: you'd be making a moral decision in line with “consequentialist” theories of morality. Consequentialists believe that we should aim to maximise the greatest good for the greatest number of people, even if this means causing some harm – for example, by killing one person to save five.
On the other hand, you might say no; killing someone is just wrong, regardless of any positive consequences there might be. Here, you'd be making a moral decision in line with “deontological” moral theories, which focus on moral rules, rights and duties. Maxims such as “thou shalt not kill” and “treat others as you would like to be treated” (otherwise known as the golden rule) fit into this category.
Which do you choose?
Statistically, more people think that it's wrong to push the man off the bridge to save the five others. On one level, this makes sense – we shudder at the thought of a friend or partner doing a cost-benefit analysis of whether you should be sacrificed for the greater good. So why do more people prefer this rule-based approach to morality?
Some scholars have argued that deontological intuitions arise from “irrational” emotional responses. But we thought there might be another explanation: namely, the power of popularity. We proposed that if people who stick to moral rules are considered to be better social partners, that might explain why more people take a deontological view.
Toeing the line may come naturally. www.shutterstock.com
Over the course of human evolution, this could favour one type of moral thinking over another among the entire population. So, rather than reflecting irrational or emotional thinking, making moral judgements based on rules could be an adaptive feature of our minds.
To the test
We tested this hypothesis using several variations of the “trolley problem” and asked whether people who made deontological or consequentialist moral judgements were preferred as social partners.
Over the course of nine experiments, we found that people who took a deontological approach to the dilemmas (refusing to kill an innocent person, even when this maximised the greater good) were seen as more trustworthy than those who advocated a more flexible, consequentialist approach.
And not only did most people say they would rather trust a deontologist than a consequentialist – they also put their money where their mouths were. When asked to entrust another person with a sum of money, participants handed over more money, and were more confident of getting it back, when dealing with someone who refused to sacrifice one to save many, compared with someone who chose to maximise the overall number of lives saved.
Not so simple
But this wasn't the whole story: simply deciding whether or not to sacrifice an innocent person was not the only thing that mattered. We also found that how the choice was made was crucial. Someone who had decided to sacrifice one life to save five – but had found that decision difficult – was trusted more than someone who had found the decision easy.
And it wasn't always the case that those who refused to kill an innocent person were trusted more. Where the person who might be sacrificed indicated a specific desire to live or a willingness to die, people favoured individuals who respected those wishes – even if that involved killing.
These findings don't just help explain how we came to have the moral intuitions that we do, but also how moral judgements play out on the world stage. Our results could help shed light on why we are often attracted to political leaders who communicate simple messages based on moral rules.
Consider, for example, a politician who says that gay marriage should be legal because marriage is a fundamental right in a fair and democratic society (a deontological perspective). This person is likely be to seen as more moral and trustworthy than one who says that gay marriage should be legal because it has positive economic or social consequences (a more consequentialist perspective).
So next time you have to make a tough call, remember – people like people who follow moral rules.
Jim A.C. Everett, PhD Candidate, University of Oxford and Molly Crockett, Associate Professor of Experimental Psychology, University of Oxford
This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article.
Since 2002, when Mike Websterâs brain revealed its roil of malformed proteins, footballâs CTE crisis has only become more public. Bennet Omalu published his findings on tau protein in 2005, in the journal Neurosurgery. The NFL, which had long downplayed the risk of concussions among players, dismissed the research, even calling for a retraction. But Omalu found CTE in the brain of Terry Long, a former player whoâd killed himself at 45 by drinking antifreeze. Soon dozens of former players were diagnosed with CTE. Terry Bradshaw, Brett Favre, and Troy Aikman have worried publicly about their post-NFL mental health. Former NFL players Andre Waters and Junior Seau committed suicide; both had shown signs of CTE. In 2010, a 17-year-old football player in Spring Hill, Kansas died hours after a homecoming game; his brain showed CTE, the youngest reported case to date.
The legal consequences have begun. In 2011, former Atlanta Falcons safety Ray Easterling filed suit against the NFL, charging a "concerted effort of deception and denial" about the risks of long-term brain trauma to anyone who played football. Thousands of former players joined the suit; by late 2013, theyâd reached a $765 million settlement to cover as many as 20,000 injured players, providing money for compensation, testing, research, and education. In January, the presiding judge rejected the settlement, concerned whether payouts would be adequate and fair. (Easterling committed suicide in 2012 at age 62. He was later diagnosed with CTE.) Many other players and families have filed suits against the NFL. And in 2013, a group of retired National Hockey League players sued the organization over its handling of head injuries.
"They need a federal commission. Itâs the only way it's going to get fixed."
Yet among boxers â where the dangers of brain injury, whether labeled dementia pugilistica or CTE, have been long recognized if woefully under-acknowledged, and where no fighters are protected by unions or a cohesive regulatory system â little has changed. The protections provided professional football and hockey players donât exist in boxing or mixed martial arts, and even reaching the highest levels of those sports doesn't guarantee benefits such as insurance, disability, severance pay, or pensions. Combat sports are regulated at the state level: thereâs no national body defining medical standards or deciding who gets to fight.
When it comes to medical fitness, some states have fairly extensive requirements, while others arenât so rigorous. In California, for example, professional fighters must have HIV antibody, Hep B surface antigen, and Hep C antibody testing; they also need a physical, an eye exam, an EKG, an MRI of the brain, and a neurological exam. But for amateurs? Just an annual physical. If New York rejects you because youâve had a subdural hematoma â bleeding in the brain â you can always try Nevada, where that wonât stop you from receiving a fight license. Fighters admit itâs easy enough to get passable medical documentation, no matter your actual health.
THE FOUR STAGES OF CTE Stage I Tau protein begins to build up in the brain, mostly in the frontal lobe. Often there are no identifiable symptoms, but sometimes headache and loss of attention and concentration. Stage II Tau increases in the frontal lobe. Depression, explosivity, and short-term memory loss can occur. Stage III Tau is found not just in the frontal lobe, but also in the temporal lobes. Cognitive impairment, confusion, and memory loss are seen. Normal Brain Advanced CTE Stage IV Tau has spread throughout the brain. Symptoms of serious dementia set in, as well as word-finding difficulty and aggression.
"They need a federal commission. Itâs the only way it's going to get fixed," says Dr. Margaret Goodman, a neurologist who formerly chaired the Nevada State Athletic Commission medical advisory board and served as a ringside physician. She shrugs in disgust, seated cross-legged on the living room floor of her Nevada home, a golden retriever sitting calmly by her side. Sheâs been saying this for a long time.
A fight license is like a driverâs license, she says: you have to earn it. She knows Norrisâ pain at being denied a license in 2000. "It must have been horrible for him," she says. "It was horrible for us." But she took her role seriously. She sees herself as protecting fighters in the face of greed and callousness, but also, sometimes, their own will to fight. "Itâs so hard for them to make these decisions for themselves," she says. Often itâs not just a paycheck theyâre giving up, but their very sense of self. But today Norris recognizes just how lucky he was. "Itâs good that Margaret was there," he says. "Thank God she saved me. She saved my life."
Fighters need protection, she says, the same way NFL players have protection: for contracts, medical testing, insurance, and licensing. She knows that fighters (and their trainers) seek out lax rules; itâs impossible to imagine brain-damaged NFL players staying in the game just by playing in a different state. Only standardized rules will provide serious oversight. "Until something like that happens," she says, "itâs kind of free-for-all."
I guess, there is justica, afterl all. Read this:
A judge who lost a $54 million lawsuit against his dry cleaner over a pair of missing pants has lost his job, District of Columbia officials confirmed.
Roy Pearson's term as an administrative law judge expired May 2 and the D.C. Commission on Selection and Tenure of Administrative Law Judges has voted not to reappoint him, Lisa Coleman, the city's general counsel, wrote Nov. 8 in response to Freedom of Information Act request from The Associated Press.
Pearson was one of about 30 judges who worked in the Office of Administrative Hearings, which handles dispute involving city agencies. He had held his position for two years.
The Washington Post and The (Washington) Examiner, citing sources familiar with the case, reported the commission's decision last month. Coleman refused to release a copy of a letter to Pearson informing him of the decision, saying it is considered a personnel matter.
Pearson's lawsuit in D.C. Superior Court claimed Custom Cleaners, owned by South Korean immigrants, did not live up to Pearson's expectations of "Satisfaction Guaranteed," as advertised in store windows.
Pearson demanded repayment for the lost pants, as well as damages for inconvenience, mental anguish and attorney's fees for representing himself. He calculated his losses initially at $67 million but lowered his request to $54 million.
[Via - CBS News]
Woman Being ‘Silly' Hit by Freight Train
Yes, You Can Be Put In Jail For Jaywalking And This Guy Was
Man forgets car at gas station
Bloggers - Get A Free Link From Madconomist.com
In honor of Holocaust Remembrance Day, January 27, 2014
According to the NY Times, the number of Nazi camps and ghettos were more than most people ever imagined -- 42,500! However, we are not only still becoming aware of the literal facts; we are becoming aware of the psychological facts as well.
For not only was the Holocaust an historic event, one that touched the lives of countless people and nations, it also was an event that leaves specific echoes in the minds, bodies, and psyches of Jews today. For this reason, referring to the Holocaust should be done with care and sensitivity for the specifics of this history, as well as the Jewish people.
However, this is often not the case. The use of the terms "Holocaust," "Nazi," and the name "Hitler" are used, particularly in our political discourse, whenever people want to brand their opponent as evil and incite the wrath of their allies, at the expense of any further dialogue or critical examination of the ideas that offend them. For example, politically conservative voices have announced "Liberals are the new Nazis;" that Obama's gun control proposal will be "like Nazi Germany;" and that Obama playing golf with Speaker Boehner is like "Hitler playing golf with Netanyahu."
To be fair, it's not only right-wing enthusiasts who step on the sacred stones of Nazi victims; left-wing enthusiasts do the same. For example, Governor Nikki Haley has been likened to Eva Braun, and Paul Ryan's National Convention speech was referred to as "Nazi propaganda." In fact, the offenders reach way beyond our political rhetoric and are too numerous to account here.
There are three problems with the unconscious and casual use of this language. First, it ignores the Jewish identity of many of the Holocaust victims. Referring to the Holocaust triggers specific memories, trauma, and reactions in Jewish people; but when the Jewish identity of many of its victims is ignored, these memories, reactions, and trauma also are ignored. In addition, ignoring the Jewish identity of Holocaust victims encourages the culture at large to think of the Holocaust as a kind of evil disconnected from the plight of Jews desensitizing them to the trauma Jewish people experienced and are still processing. Thus we have analyses of the mid-East conflict without reference to the trauma of the Holocaust; we have people who think Jews are greedy without reference to the history of Jews being routed into banking professions because it was considered dirty by Christians; and both Jews and non-Jews alike have little appreciation for Jewish hatred and self-hatred in post-Holocaust America.
Neglecting the identity of the Nazi's victims creates a culture of forgetfulness about specific Jewish injury and trauma. As a therapist, I have learned that many Jews internalize this insensitivity by similarly ignoring or disavowing the connection between their personal suffering and their Jewish identity. As a result, Jews can suffer from various symptoms, both psychological and physical, which they believe are manifestations of their personal problems or pathologies, instead of thinking these symptoms are a result of unprocessed Jewish trauma related to the Holocaust. (1)
In fact, most Jews make no connection between their particular suffering and their Jewish identity. In short, they ignore their specific history and instead quarantine themselves off into a kind of "inner ghetto," thinking something is wrong with them -- a form of Jewish shame. (2)
Second, it dismisses the anti-Semitic roots of the Holocaust. The Holocaust was not only a terrible act of violence; it was also terrible act of hatred against Jews. Referring to the Holocaust, Nazis, or Hitler, divorced from any analysis or discussion of Jewish hatred, promotes blindness to anti-Semitism today and discourages critical thinking about it amongst Jews and non-Jews alike. Desensitizing people to anti-Semitism makes it less likely that people will recognize its current practice in the form of humor, preferences for non-Jewish styles of communication, stereotypes about Jewish behavior, or biases about physical attributes (e.g., skin color, nose shape, or hair texture).
Further, if Jewish people do speak up to challenge the offense, they must identify themselves as Jews and risk being subjected to stereotypes about Jewish paranoia and pushiness. When anti-Semitism goes unnoticed and unchallenged Jews are more likely to be self-critical, fearful, depressed, disempowered, or highly sensitive and never think that these symptoms result from being injured by other people's prejudice. (3) Again, an inner ghetto is created, this time to contain reactions to prejudice. And again, Jews are likely to think something is wrong with their reactions -- another form of Jewish shame.
Third, it minimizes the magnitude of the injury perpetrated by the Nazi regime. A person with a paper cut ought not be equated to a person maimed in a traffic accident; a person slapped in the face ought not be equated to a person beaten with a belt or whip. Comparing the Holocaust to actions or events that either injure no one, or cause injuries that are hardly comparable, minimizes the injury Jews suffered in the Holocaust. When this kind of comparison regularly occurs and goes unnoticed, Jewish people internalize this perspective and learn to minimize their own injury and the magnitude of the efforts required to heal that injury. This minimization causes many Jews to believe that the strength of their feelings, opinions, and reactions to insult are disproportionate and inappropriate. In fact, one Jewish stereotype suggests that Jews have a tendency toward hypochondria, as if they are pathologically over-concerned or making too much of' their suffering. Again, Jews end up thinking something is wrong with them and ghettoizing the magnitude of their suffering, opinions, and feelings -- a final form of Jewish shame.
The trauma caused by the Holocaust still resonates in the Jewish psyche, causing symptoms physically, emotionally, as well as in their relationships and families. (4) Casual evocation of the Holocaust, without bearing witness to the Jewish nature of the injury, the dismissal of its magnitude, and the anti-Semitic ideology held by its perpetrators renders the historical trauma invisible, cloaking much Jewish suffering in a veil of shame. The same dynamics exist for Gypsies, the disabled, as well as homosexuals and transsexuals who were also targeted and murdered by the Nazi regime.
TORONTO — The Toronto Argonauts have scooped up former first overall pick and defensive tackle Linden Gaydosh, the team announced Monday.
The top pick in the 2013 CFL Draft by Hamilton Tiger-Cats, Gaydosh played with the Ticats from 2014-2016 and appeared in 10 games until he was traded to Riders near the end of the 2016 season.
The team also announced Monday that it has brought back veteran safety Matt Black, who was released last week.
RELATED:
» Ray leads Argos' walkthrough; could play Friday
» The Long Read: The SJ Green story
» Read Steinberg's MMQB
Gaydosh, a 26-year-old Peace River, Alta. native was released by the Riders last week.
After a stellar college career at the University of Calgary, Gaydosh struggled with injuries after being drafted. He landed in Hamilton after a year-long stint with the NFL's Carolina Panthers out of school before being traded to the Saskatchewan Roughriders in 2016.
For the Argos, the move represents some potential upside with little risk. The 6-foot-4, 298-pound interior lineman could help the Argos' ratio, especially after the team has faced injuries on the defensive line — including to Canadian Cleyon Laing.
Black, a nine-year CFL veteran, returns to the Double Blue after being released by the club last week. The Saginaw Valley product played all 109 of his career regular season games in Double Blue after being selected by the team in the sixth round (45th overall) of the 2008 CFL Draft.
In 109 career games, the Toronto native tallied 128 defensive tackles, 80 special teams tackles, three interceptions, two sacks and two forced fumbles. The 2012 Grey Cup champion also appeared in six playoff games for the Boatmen, registering one defensive tackle, five special teams tackles, a forced fumble and a fumble recovery.
The Argos are in action on Friday in Montreal for the start of a home and home.
AKRON, Ohio -- An Akron man is accused of strangling a cat with his bare hands.
Robert Prine, 51, is charged with first-degree misdemeanor animal cruelty. He is expected to be arraigned Wednesday in Akron Municipal Court.
Prine admitted to police that he killed the cat, according to police.
Prine's 50-year-old girlfriend called police about 12:30 a.m. Wednesday and reported Prine killed the cat because he became enraged over the smell of cat feces at their home in the 400 block of East Thornton Street.
She said she initially thought Prine complained in order to convince her to let the cat outside.
She heard Prine yell again a short time later. She went to the bedroom and saw Prine flip over their mattress, according to police reports. Prine saw the cat hiding under the bed and grabbed it. He strangled the cat.
The woman called police and said she was scared that Prine might kill another cat in their home.
Akron police arrived and found the cat dead in the bedroom with blood around its mouth. Prine told police that he played with the cat until it scratched him twice. At that point, he said he was done playing, according to police reports.
An officer asked him if he meant that he choked the cat. Prine then admitted to killing the cat, the report says.
"I know I did wrong," Prine said, according to police reports.
Sam Schwarzkopf, who has lived in UK since 1999, tells the Guardian he had a similar experience to Monique Hawkins
Sam Schwarzkopf, a German neuroscientist living in the UK, contacted the Guardian after it published the story of Monique Hawkins.
He said he had a similar experience at the hands of the Home Office to Hawkins, a Dutch woman who was told to make preparations to leave the UK after she applied for British citizenship following the EU referendum. This was despite her living in the UK for 24 years and having two children with her British husband.
Home Office urged to fix 'absurd' permanent residency process Read more
Schwarzkopf said: “I am a German citizen who moved to the UK in 1999 to study neuroscience at Cardiff University, both my undergraduate degree and my PhD. After I got my PhD in 2007, I decided to remain in the UK to work. I am now married to a British woman and am a faculty member at University College London.
“I originally applied for that permanent residence document in March 2016 because it is necessary for a British citizenship application.
“In June, one week before the referendum, my application was rejected. The reason was that I hadn't included my passport in the application, only a legally certified colour copy. This rejection letter contained the phrase that I ‘should now make preparations to leave' the UK.
“I was pretty pissed off at that moment, so I wrote a couple of complaint letters including [one] to the then home secretary Theresa May (she never got back to me).
“Just to be clear, I don't think that was anything more than a mistake on the part of the Home Office. They simply use these standard letters.
“But it is also quite outrageous. Under current rules, EU/EEA [European Economic Area] nationals automatically gain permanent residence after five years (provided certain criteria are met at least). The PR document I applied for doesn't give me permanent residence rights, it simply confirms them. So it really should be a formality. But the Home Office seems to want to make it excessively difficult for people.
“The rejection letter actually acknowledged that I had a German passport. It said that they couldn't verify my nationality from a photocopy because they can be fabricated. That's fair enough, but you might think they practice some assumption of innocence until proven guilty of passport forgery.
“But I would also have fully accepted if they had simply told me to reapply and include the passport this time. However, telling me to leave the country even though it should be blatantly obvious that in all likelihood I actually am an EU citizen is just offensive, and more importantly it also directly violates free movement rights.
“My MP got involved in this, writing letters to the Home Office, and this was very helpful. At first they explained that this was simply the way they write their rejection letters, but eventually someone wrote back with an apology. More importantly, they said they would take this issue on board and consider changing the phrasing. From the story in the Guardian, it sounds that at least so far they haven't changed it yet.”
'The tech giants all want to be involved in the NFL,' said CBS boss Les Moonves. 'It's the best product in television. ... [But] I think the NFL still believes in the sanctity of broadcasting.' Credit: Patrick T. Fallon/Bloomberg
The current NFL broadcast rights package isn't due to expire until 2022, but Les Moonves has already resigned himself to the idea that the next bidding war will pit the networks against the likes of Google and Facebook.
Speaking yesterday at the Deutsche Bank 2017 Media & Telecom Conference, the CBS Corp. chairman, president and CEO said that while a battle with the cash-rich digital overlords is all but inevitable, the NFL will very much remain a TV staple.
"Look, the tech giants all want to be involved in the NFL. It's the best product in television," Mr. Moonves said. "There's going to be a lot of activity. As we head toward that large deal, I think these companies are going to be part of it, [but] I think the NFL still believes in the sanctity of broadcasting."
Mr. Moonves went on to note that broadcast TV remains the most surefire and efficient way to reach a mass audience, which should give CBS, NBC and Fox a leg up when it comes time to hash out a new multibillion-dollar deal with the NFL. "There's a reason there's been no Super Bowl on cable, that the three major packages are still on network [TV]," Mr. Moonves said. "You know, ESPN has ["Monday Night Football"], but I think there's the belief and the knowledge that you can't get 115 million people watching the Super Bowl online."
The evidence would seem to support Mr. Moonves' thesis. While Fox's linear TV broadcast of Super Bowl LI averaged 111.3 million viewers, the Fox Go livestream averaged just 1.72 million viewers. Streaming represented just 1.5% of the total Super Bowl audience, which is in line with the adoption rates for Twitter's livestreaming of CBS and NBC's "Thursday Night Football" broadcasts.
For all that, it would be unthinkable for the NFL to hammer out a new set of rights deals that doesn't include at least one digital behemoth. "I think they'll be part of any further deal that we do," Mr. Moonves conceded. "We will be sharing or splitting or doing stuff, but I still think of broadcast as being really important to the NFL, that it is the national pastime -- sorry, baseball, but football has overtaken that name -- and I think it'll be on the broadcast networks, I really do. I think that's going to be important to them."
Under the current NFL rights package, the three broadcast nets and ESPN pay a combined $39.6 billion for the privilege of carrying live NFL games. DirecTV's exclusive "NFL Sunday Ticket" out-of-market package tosses another $12 billion into the league's revenue stream, and the shared CBS-NBC "Thursday Night Football" suite is worth some $450 million.
Speaking of Thursday nights, Mr. Moonves said that he would be willing to re-up for the shared package before it expires at the close of the upcoming season. "We would do the same deal. The scheduling was a little all over the place with NFL Network, [but] I think that's going to be rectified this year," he said. "Yes, we lose a bit of money, you know, on paper on Thursday night, we make money on Sunday, but there are so many added benefits with the rest of the schedule. Outside of 'Sunday Night Football,' it's the highest-rated program on television, so it's still important, we would like to have it. You know, I liked it better when we had all eight games ourselves, but we'll see what happens."
According to Nielsen live-plus-same-day data, CBS's five-game "TNF" package last season averaged 11.5 million viewers, a 4.6 rating among adults 25-54 and a 9.0 household rating. When the NFL Network simulcast is thrown into the mix, those five Thursday night games averaged 14.7 million viewers and a 5.8 in the demo.
As Mr. Moonves noted, Sunday afternoons in the fall are when CBS really shines. The network's AFC-heavy national window is the second most-watched, highest-rated program on TV behind only Fox's NFC showcase, averaging 22.4 million viewers and a 12.8 household rating. Those numbers were down 11% and 12%, respectively, versus the year-ago 25.1 million viewers/14.6 household rating.
Football aside, Mr. Moonves was in his usual high spirits when discussing CBS's entertainment lineup, saying that the new crop of dramas and sitcoms has been so successful that "at least five, maybe six" of them will return for the 2017-18 broadcast season. Given its anticipated return rate and relatively low level of attrition, there's very little room for new shows on the CBS schedule, but the network could use some help in its Wednesday and Thursday 10 p.m. time slots.
"As we look toward next year's schedule, and we've ordered 17 pilots, which is a little below what our normal average is," Mr. Moonves said. "I expect there to be probably four new shows on the schedule. That's what we're looking at right now, probably two comedies and two dramas. But that all could change depending on how good they come in."
Shoe-ins for renewal are the first-year dramas "Bull" and "MacGyver," as well as a crop of freshman sitcoms that includes "Kevin Can Wait." "Man with a Plan," "The Great Indoors" and the consistent Monday night newcomer "Superior Donuts." That would leave "Ransom," "Training Day" and "Pure Genius" out in the cold, and "Doubt" already had been canceled two episodes into its run.
Among the pilots that would appear to have the best shot at earning a place on CBS's roster is the "Big Bang Theory" spinoff "Little Sheldon," which imagines what Jim Parsons' character might have been like as a 10-year-old genius growing up in East Texas. Mr. Parsons is a co-executive producer on the sitcom, where he'll be working alongside "Big Bang" co-creator Chuck Lorre and showrunner Steve Molaro.
Mr. Moonves said CBS is "virtually on the two-yard-line" in its negotiations for an 11th and 12th season of "Big Bang" and that official word of a renewal should begin to circulate soon. "Little Sheldon" is expected to lead out of "Big Bang" in the Thursday 8:30 p.m. slot.
Looking ahead to the summer upfront bazaar, the CBS boss said that while it would be premature to start tossing numerical projections around, he anticipates another strong sales period. "Nowhere else do you get the bang for the buck as you do on broadcast," Mr. Moonves said. "And I think there's a realization that all digital advertising is not terrific. It's not as effective as broadcast advertising. There are a lot of false reports. … Digital's sexy, digital's cool, digital is important, but if you want to go sell a car you better go on 'NCIS,' which is watched by 20 million people. That's how you sell cars."
Mr. Moonves added that CBS would sell more upfront packages based on the expansive C7 currency, noting that the split with C3 deals in last year's sell-off was "probably 50-50." He said that CBS's scatter pricing is currently up 20% compared with its 2016-17 upfront rates, which should bode well for the network's prospects in this summer's bazaar. (A year ago at this time, Mr. Moonves told the Deutsche Bank crowd that the ad market was stronger than it had been in "many, many years." CBS would go on to take in around $2.5 billion in advance bookings, up as much as 5% compared with the relatively tepid 2015-16 upfront.)
Over the course of Mr. Moonves' wide-ranging 43-minute interview, he spoke on a number of subjects, including the late-night wars, the ongoing measurement crisis, TV's rapidly evolving business model and the pride CBS takes in being perhaps the last network to truly live up to the the hoary old "broadcast" label. On the latter topic, the executive was characteristically expansive.
"We are the populist network. We are the big tent. We like viewers from eight to 80," Mr. Moonves said, adding that CBS's status as TV's biggest reach vehicle makes it a magnet for talent that long to have their work seen by the biggest possible audience. "It's harder to get on the schedule at CBS than the other places, because they have more holes, but once you get on your chances at success are much greater. … We've won six out of the last 10 Super Bowls. Or you can go play in Cleveland. Which do you want?
"As we like to say at CBS, 'no, you're not going to win Emmys, you're just going to make a lot more money and get a lot more viewers. You know. They have those nice things on their walls, and you'll buy a bigger house.' That's your choice. I like having the bigger house myself, but…"
CBS will present its fall schedule to buyers and advertisers on Wednesday, May 17, at Carnegie Hall.
The ESA Rosetta team has chosen the ‘head' of the comet as the spot where their lander Philae will touch down on 11th November. The spot, known as landing site J, was picked from a shortlist of five possible locations as it offered the best chance of success, both in technical and scientific terms. The area is on the top of the smaller of the two lobes of the comet – a head and body-type structure which has lent the comet the nickname ‘rubber ducky'. The area of J is irregularly shaped, and about 4 kilometres across at its widest point.
The news was announced at the European Space Agency's Paris headquarters and marks another milestone in the pioneering Rosetta mission, which last month became the first ever spacecraft to catch up with a comet and then fly alongside.
If all goes to plan then Philae will drop off the bottom of Rosetta and drift down to the comet surface at walking pace, using harpoon-like devices to anchor itself to the dark and dusty comet, known as 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko. The hope is that the lander will be able to take photos and measurements in-situ on the comet for weeks or even months, offering a chance to see how it evolves as it heats up on its journey towards the Sun from the outer solar system.
Philae has already been limbering up for the formidable task ahead of it by taking a ‘selfie' of Rosetta's solar panels with the comet in the background. It was part of a check that verified the 10 instruments on board are indeed ready for action when D-Day comes.
The choice of landing spot was made at the weekend at a meeting in Toulouse, France, after an intense period of discussion inside the Rosetta team, with scientists and flight engineers hammering out the pros and cons of different locations. Their goal was to find the ‘Goldilocks' location, not too warm, not too cold, and not too covered in boulders and ravines to risk Philae plunging into a dark crevice, never to be heard from again. In the end, the decision to go with Site J was unanimous apparently. Meanwhile another backup site, called Site C, is located on the ‘body' of the comet.
Mapping a comet
Like the explorers of the ‘New World' 500 years ago, the Rosetta scientists are mapping everything as they go. Since meeting up with the comet in early August the flight directors have moved the spacecraft from what they call the ‘Close Approach' phase – basically flying in a triangular orbit right in front of the comet to check out how mean this ducky is likely to get – to the ‘Global Mapping' phase, which means going down to 30 kilometres or fewer, enough for the spacecraft to be influenced by the gravity of the comet.
Exactly how low Rosetta will fly in the next few weeks before releasing Philae is still open to question – it could stay at 30kms, move to 20kms, or even 10kms. The operations team at ESA's space operations centre in Darmstadt, Germany will make a call on whether they consider it too hazardous to Rosetta to go closer, depending on how exposed it becomes to gas and dust from the comet. As Rosetta Flight Director Andrea Accomazzo put it in an interview with Euronews: “We are learning to fly around a comet while flying around a comet, so it's a sort of self-referencing problem that we have to solve”.
Rosetta's science bonanza
Comets are interesting because they're some of the most primitive bodies in our solar system, and so offer us a chance to look back 4.5 billion years to the formation of the planets and to see what kinds of materials were circulating in space at that time.
Rosetta is already delivering a bonanza of science for the comet community in Europe, with details of some of the curious discoveries the spacecraft has already made now beginning to filter through.
The spacecraft's ‘nose', an instrument called ROSINA, has sniffed out some of the expected molecules in the comet's coma, such as water, carbon monoxide, and carbon dioxide. However the ratio between those three appear to vary depending on where in the coma Rosetta is, something which the science team hadn't been expecting.
They're now rubbing their hands together with glee as the comet begins to get more active on its way towards the Sun next year, because they will be able to measure the ratio of hydrogen to deuterium in the water coming off the comet. They'll then want to compare that to the constant ratio found in Earth's oceans, in a bid to work out whether the water on Earth came from Kuiper belt comets like 67P during the earliest epoch of our solar system.
Since we really don't know where all the water on our jolly little blue planet came from, that could be a major science breakthrough for Rosetta.
Whether the lander actually succeeds in touching down on 67P successfully or not, Rosetta will carry on following the comet right up to its closest approach to the Sun in August next year, a zone around the orbital path of Mars. At that time it should have plumes of gas and heated material shooting up from beneath the surface, revealing all kinds of juicy facts about what's really inside this rocky, cratered and coal-black relic.
Then the spacecraft may well live up to its name: Rosetta, for the Rosetta stone, the key that unlocked the secrets of ancient Egypt.
Rosetta's landing site choices
Philae's descent and science on the surface
Stanford offers admission to 2,144 students, expands financial aid program
Stanford has extended undergraduate admission offers to the Class of 2019 and announced an increase in financial aid. Now, parents with annual family incomes below $125,000 and typical assets will be expected to pay no Stanford tuition.
Stanford University has offered admission to 2,144 students, including 742 applicants who were accepted last December through the early action program, the Office of Undergraduate Admission and Financial Aid announced today.
In addition, Stanford announced that it is expanding financial aid by increasing the income thresholds at which parents are not expected to contribute toward educational costs.
Under the new policy, Stanford will expect no parental contribution toward tuition from parents with annual incomes below $125,000 – previously $100,000 – and typical assets. And there will be zero parental contribution toward tuition, room or board for parents with annual incomes below $65,000 – previously $60,000 – and typical assets.
"Our highest priority is that Stanford remain affordable and accessible to the most talented students, regardless of their financial circumstances," said Provost John Etchemendy. "Our generous financial aid program accomplishes that, and these enhancements will help even more families, including those in the middle class, afford Stanford without going into debt. Over half of our undergraduates receive financial aid from Stanford, and we are pleased that this program will make it even easier for students to thrive here."
Admits to Class of 2019
The Class of 2019 was selected from 42,487 candidates, the largest applicant pool in Stanford's history. The admitted students come from 50 states and 77 countries.
Of the admitted class, 16 percent are first-generation college students.
"We are honored by the interest in Stanford and the experiences shared by all prospective students through the application process," said Richard Shaw, dean of admission and financial aid. "The young people admitted to the Class of 2019 will engage their undergraduate years at Stanford with energy and initiative. Their contributions will impact the world in immeasurable ways. We are thrilled to communicate the good news to these accomplished students. The opportunities at Stanford are limitless, and our newly enhanced financial support makes these opportunities more accessible than ever before."
Students admitted under the early and regular decision admission program have until May 1 to accept Stanford's offer.
Expanded financial aid
Stanford has long been committed to need-blind admissions for U.S. students, supported by a financial aid program that meets the demonstrated financial need of all admitted undergraduate students.
Since 2008-09, Stanford has provided two simple benchmarks that make it easy for prospective students to understand the possibilities for getting financial support from Stanford. These two benchmarks are being updated for all undergraduates for the 2015-16 year, with no parental contribution toward tuition expected for those with annual incomes below $125,000 and typical assets, and no parental contribution toward tuition, room or board expected for those below $65,000 with typical assets. Scholarship or grant funds will be provided to cover these costs in lieu of a parental contribution.
In either case, students will still be expected to contribute toward their own educational expenses from summer income, savings and part-time work during the school year. Students are expected to contribute at least $5,000 per year from these sources but are not expected to borrow to make the contribution.
Currently, 77 percent of Stanford undergraduates leave the university at graduation with no student debt.
Families with incomes at higher levels, typically up to $225,000, may also qualify for financial assistance, especially if more than one family member is enrolled in college. Financial aid offers vary by family, but the financial aid expansion for 2015-16 will allow Stanford to reduce the expected parental contribution for many families at these higher income levels.
Annual costs for a typical Stanford student total roughly $65,000 before financial aid.
"This expansion of the financial aid program is a demonstration of Stanford's commitment to access for outstanding students from all backgrounds – including not only those from the lowest socioeconomic status, but also middle- and upper-middle-class families who need our assistance as well," said Karen Cooper, associate dean and director of financial aid.
Media Contact
Richard H. Shaw, dean of admission and financial aid: (650) 723-2091, rhshaw@stanford.edu
Children as young as five are phoning a helpline to be read a bedtime story because their alcoholic parents are too drunk to put them to bed, a charity has revealed.
Some call so regularly their favourite books are kept next to the phones, according to the National Association for Children of Alcoholics.
The desperate youngsters often ask to hear classic Disney tales, while Horrid Henry and Roald Dahl books are also popular.
Desperate: Children as young as five are phoning a hotline to hear a bedtime story because their parents are drunk to tuck them in, a charity has revealed. Picture posed by model
Others want to hear made up stories. A seven-year-old girl phoned the hotline on Christmas Day to ask for a story about her imaginary friend, a dog called Bruce.
She told the counsellor how she had received no presents and was hiding from her drunk parents under her bed because she was scared.
Hilary Henrqiues, the charity's chief executive, said fictional stories help children believe 'that things can be different from the life they live at the moment'.
She also revealed how on one occasion a counsellor had to help a five-year-old girl phone 999 after her drug and alcohol addicted mother locked herself in the bathroom overnight. Paramedics later arrived to find the woman had died.
According to a parliamentary group there are 2.5 million children of alcoholics in the UK, with MPs branding it a 'secret scandal'.
Escape: Fictional stories help the children see their lives can change. Picture posed by model
Nocoa received 32,000 calls and emails from children last year, the Sunday Express reported.
Nacoa is marking Children of Alcoholics week following the launch of a manifesto by MPs calling on the Government to take action.
The all-parliamentary group, supported by the Archbishop of Canterbury, said their research uncovered a 'shocking picture of support for children of alcoholics', including an apparent absence of strategies to deal with the issue and a dearth of funding in many areas.
Though James "did some good" for Aerlaena — like catching her up on bills and teaching her to drive — they had engaged in heated verbal fights from time to time, causing younger brother Michael Milroy to step in.
"(Michael) had told her she should get out if she could," said Amanda, adding that Michael warned her James was very controlling.
During their last conversation, Aerlaena told Amanda that 70-year-old mother Gina Milroy, "was trying to find (Michael) a new place to get him away from James."
"She said even his brother was afraid of him, his mother was afraid of him," said Amanda. "They feared for her as well."
James, who owned several registered handguns, spent a lot of time at the shooting range, and kept a few of them in his room at 33 Valrose Drive, said Amanda.
"I don't understand, whether they are registered or not, how they can be kept in homes — it's just not right."
What happened on Saturday? The family aren't quite sure.
But they speculate Aerlaena may have been putting an end to the relationship. Amanda's partner, Roy Rowe, says she was found with her personal belongings in her bag. Those items included a hairbrush and straightener she kept at James' place.
James Milroy had no prior contact with Hamilton police or any other police service, said Staff Sgt. Paul Hamilton.
Detectives have sent some evidence to the Centre of Forensic Sciences in Toronto for testing, Hamilton said, and they are consulting with the coroner and forensic pathologist.
"The investigation is not concluded but we're confident of what took place," he says, adding that forensic test results are expected "to confirm what our suspicions are."
The surviving gunshot victim remains in critical but stable condition in hospital, said Hamilton. He would not identify her but neighbours identified her as Gina.
Amanda says it's possible Michael and Aerlaena were involved with each other, but she doesn't "care if there was a love triangle."
"It didn't warrant this — not at all."
Aerlaena had spoken highly of Michael previously, and she "never heard a single bad thing about that boy."
Amanda said she understands why anyone would have gravitated to her daughter. "She was a firecracker. She lit up the room everywhere she went, and made everyone like her."
"She lived more in her 19 years than I have my entire life," said Amanda.
Though she was a quiet child, growing up without her biological father around, at about nine or 10, a light bulb went off.
"She realized she could live how she wanted," said Amanda, adding her daughter lived for music, spending time following local indie bands and even starting to sneak off to local karaoke bar, Tracie's Place on Upper James Street, by the time she was 15.
Owner of Tracie's, Tracie England, said Aerlaena's "voice was beyond angelic." Aerlaena never liked singing a song more than once.
"She would love a song she heard on the radio, come in and just nail it," said England. Her boisterous, fun-loving personality was accompanied with an endearing nickname — Rainbow — which Tracie gave her for her constantly changing hair.
"Every time it was different. It was blue, it was purple, it was pink. It was colourful and bright, like her soul."
The same creative spirit accompanied Aerlaena's love for her babies, said Amanda, always decking them out in trendy outfits. Amanda, a young mother herself, admired how she provided for her kids.
Three-year-old Gavin and two-year-old Bailey "had more toys and clothes than any child I've ever seen."
Though the two fathers of her children were out of the picture soon after the children were born, it's been a friendly battle between all the grandparents involved to find enough time with the kids, she said.
And while Aerlaena always put family first — often trying to repair broken family relationships of her friends — she was hard-pressed to give up her children when it came to firsts. Now the two kids are separated, living at the homes of their respective fathers' grandparents.
"It's killing me," said Amanda. "They lost their mother and they don't need to lose each other as well."
She plans on fighting to keep the siblings together.
Amanda encourages anyone that knew Aerlaena to come to her funeral.
"There are friends and family in her life that I never saw — I want to know them."
Amanda has made her Facebook page public, for anyone that has photos.
"I don't care how silly they are — send them. It's the only way I can see her right now."
With files from Susan Clairmont
jophardt@thespec.com
905-526-3408
When Sundar Pichai first announced Android One earlier in June, not too many details were divulged. Now, within 3 months, as promised, Google has launched Android One devices and India is amongst the first countries where these devices are available. The first set of Android one device are Micromax Canvas A1, Spice Dream Uno and Karbonn Sparkle V – all priced between Rs 6,000 – 7,000.In terms of specifications, all the three manufactures have adhered to the minimum requirements set by Google. The phones have a 4.5-inch display (845 x 480 pixels), dual SIM support and run a stock version of Android 4.4. Hardware specifications include a quad core Mediatek processor, 1GB RAM, 4GB storage, microSD card for expansion (up to 32GB supported) and dual cameras. This specification set ensures a fluid experience for the user, as opposed to many cheaper Android phones that are already available in the market.Google has also partnered with various network operators on special data packages for Android One users. For instance, Airtel users can download Android software updates over 3G as well as 200MB worth of apps per month for six months at no cost.Each brand has been paired with one ecommerce website an exclusive tie-up. Spice will be available on Flipkart, Karbonn will sell on Snapdeal India and Micromax's offering can be purchased exclusively from Amazon India. The smartphones will go on sale starting 3.30pm today and they will also be available across physical stores from October 2014 onwards. near Diwali.At the event, Sundar Pichai also announced the next set of partners for Android One handsets. This includes Acer, Alcatel, ASUS, HTC, Intex, Lava, Lenovo, Panasonic and Xolo. In addition, chipset manufacturer Qualcomm is the new hardware partner for the Android One Program which means that future devices will likely see Qualcomm processors in addition to the current Mediatek.The Android One program is also being expanded to other South Asis countries including Indonesia, Bangladesh and Philippines - devices will be launched in these countries by the end of 2014.
For a couple of years now a team at 2ndQuadrant led by Andres Freund have been working on adding bi-directional asynchronous multi-master replication support for PostgreSQL. This effort has become known as the BDR project.
We're really excited to see these efforts leading to new PostgreSQL features and have a great deal more still to come.
Incremental Development
As a large development project it is neither practical nor desirable to deliver all the changes to PostgreSQL as a single huge patch. That way lies madness and unmaintainable code. It would also be resoundingly rejected by the PostgreSQL community, as it should be.
Instead, BDR has been developed as a series of discrete changes to core PostgreSQL, plus an extension that uses those core changes to implement multi-master asynchronous logical replication.
To make this separation clearer we've split BDR into two separate trees since the last official release. We now manage and develop the set of patches to PostgreSQL separately from the BDR extension its self.
BDR is destined for community PostgreSQL
2ndQuadrant's goal is to get all of BDR – the changes to the core server as well as the extension or its functionality – included in a future open source community PostgreSQL release.
When that's achieved you'll be able to use all the features currently provided by the BDR patches and extension with no 3rd party (open source or otherwise) patches, extensions and tools.
All of BDR is open source, released under the PostgreSQL license, and is developed on PostgreSQL's public infrastructure. The git repository containing the authoritative current version of BDR is on git.postgresql.org.
Getting BDR into users' hands
With a project as big as BDR and with the PostgreSQL project's safety-first, conservative and careful development style it'll be a long time before all of BDR is included in community PostgreSQL. As a result we've had to make some compromises in order to get BDR functionality out to users prior to the expected end of the 9.5/9.6 release cycles in a couple of years time.
The main compromise is that we have merged all the not-yet-committed patches to PostgreSQL core that BDR requires into a patched variant of PostgreSQL 9.4 that can be used to run BDR. The need for this patched version to exist is temporary. If all the patches required to run BDR (see below) get into PostgreSQL 9.5 it will be possible to run the BDR extension on a stock community version of PostgreSQL 9.5. We would've strongly preferred not to need to make a non-trivially patched version of PostgreSQL available to the public, even temporarily, so hopefully we can do away with it for 9.5.
BDR features in PostgreSQL 9.3, 9.4, 9.5 and onward
Many of the core server changes developed for or required by BDR have already been committed to community PostgreSQL. That means they're part of released or soon-to-be-released PostgreSQL versions. These features include:
Other changes have been submitted for potential inclusion in PostgreSQL 9.5 or are due to be submitted shortly, including:
BDR-related feature development has also led to other useful work by others, like pg_dump support for using snapshots.
Each of these features is/was a significant development effort in its self – and they're just the foundations required to make the BDR extension possible.
Adoption of features developed for BDR by other projects
The BDR team is really excited at how far BDR has come and how much of the work done for BDR has already entered community PostgreSQL.
Some of those BDR building blocks are already seeing adoption and use for other purposes. For example, the Slony-I team are working on adopting the logical decoding feature developed for BDR to reduce replication overheads.
Background workers are sure to be a crucial foundation for new PostgreSQL features and capabilities such as built-in task scheduling, and in time I think that we'll wonder how we ever did without them.
UDR – one-way BDR for unmodified community PostgreSQL 9.4
We're also pleased to report that a reduced-functionality version of the BDR extension currently known as “UDR” will soon be available for use with PostgreSQL 9.4.
An extension running on unmodified PostgreSQL 9.4 can't use the not-yet-in-core-PostgreSQL features that BDR relies on to implement full multi-master support. Nonetheless it provides useful path toward live major-version upgrade and an efficient one-way replication tool.
Because PostgreSQL 9.4 does not include support for DDL deparse, full DROP tracking, commit timestamps, or replication identifiers we can't support DDL replication or multi-master in UDR.
Functionally UDR is quite similar to Londiste, but it avoids the write-amplification of trigger based replication and runs entirely within PostgreSQL, without any need for an external daemon. UDR will offer a useful live-migration path for moving stock 9.4 into BDR vice versa, and in future for online upgrades of 9.4 to later major releases.
More details on UDR will be available soon, as will RPMs.
What's next for BDR
PostgreSQL is 9.4 due to be released any minute now, and we're working to have a new BDR release ready to follow shortly afterwards.
Otherwise, the BDR team is focusing on getting all the functionality required to run BDR on top of unmodified PostgreSQL into PostgreSQL 9.5.
Support for replication sets was recently added to the BDR extension. This permits replication of subsets of tables in a database to some nodes, asymmetric replication, and various other configurations that are useful for workloads like data aggregation.
We're also working on dynamic configuration, where node addition and removal is done using SQL commands instead of by modifying postgresql.conf and restarting the server. That work will lead to a smoother process for node addition and removal.
There are lots of goodies coming, both for core PostgreSQL and for users of the BDR extension.
The complete 5-volume set of A Song of Ice and Fire
is on sale right now for $9.99 at Amazon, so grab it quick if you don't already have it.
The complete series, A Song of Ice and Fire, is probably the authentic heir to Tolkien's crown of Reference Epic Fantasy. Being American rather than British, it's heroes are more typified by the tragic Starks than the homely Bagginses. Bilbo and Frodo (and especially Sam!) were the typical WW2-era simple Briton, preferring a simple life but when called upon to great tasks, heroic in their pragmatism and perseverance. Ned Stark's clan is more violent, impulsive, bred for leadership and heroism and fated for nasty ends. If anything the heroes of ASOIAF are the antithesis of the heroes in LOTR (the closest that LOTR comes to an ASOIAF-style hero is Aragorn, who has the same Starkian bearing but gets to keep the girl and his crown. And head.)
I've never read ASOIAF and have no illusions about it being an easy read, but I am looking forward to the journey, especially since by the time I finish it, book 6 will surely come out. I am certain that this series will fill the void left by LOTR that the Wheel of Time series failed to fill.
Two women have been placed on unpaid leave from their jobs after a Facebook photo taken at Arlington National Cemetery angered thousands online and led to a petition for their resignation.
Lindsey Stone, of Plymouth, Mass., was on a work-paid trip to Arlington National Cemetery in October when she posed for the photo in question, CBS Boston reported. In the photo, Stone stands at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier next to a sign that reads "Silence and Respect," giving the middle finger and pretending to yell. She then posted the picture to her Facebook page.
SCROLL FOR PHOTO
The photo, which was taken by a co-worker of Stone's, went viral as online users criticized Stone for her insensitivity, according to the station.
Stone attempted to quash the outrage in a Facebook response.
"Whoa whoa whoa... wait," she wrote on Oct. 20, according to Gawker. "This is just us, being the douchebags that we are, challenging authority in general. Much like the pic posted the night before, of me smoking right next to a no smoking sign. OBVIOUSLY we meant NO disrespect to people that serve or have served our country."
A Facebook group entitled, "Fire Lindsey Stone" added fuel to the fire.
Stone "disrespected every man and woman far greater than herself with the actions shown in my profile picture," reads the Facebook group's description. The page demands for her resignation from Living Independently Forever, Inc. (LIFE), a non-profit organization in Hyannis, Mass., that assits adults with disabilities.
News of Stone's controversial Facebook photo spread to LIFE, and the organization placed Stone and her co-worker on unpaid leave pending an internal investigation.
LIFE responded to the incident with a Facebook post of its own.
This photograph in no way reflects the opinions or values of the LIFE organization, which holds our nation's veterans in the highest regard. We are proud to have veterans serving on our staff and board of trustees, and we value their service. The men and women who have selflessly fought and sacrificed their lives to protect the rights and lives of Americans deserve our utmost respect and gratitude. We are acutely aware that this photo has done a disservice to veterans and we are deeply saddened that it was taken and shared in a public medium.
The Facebook group against Stone currently has more than 5,000 "likes."
GO LONDON newsletter Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
A young girl crouches behind the barrier on a darkened motorway, her somehow familiar face pale with distress. Something dreadful must have happened to make this the safest place to hide. In another image, a young man is sprawled unconscious, as shoppers walk hurriedly by. Something about him is familiar too. Who is he? What has brought him this low?
“I wanted to make people take a second look,” says photographer Kathryn Prescott, “to compel that sense of recognition, where you can't quite put your figure on how you know them.”
In the past two years Prescott, 22, has forged a second career as a photographer but she is best known as the Skins actress who played much-loved lesbian character Emily Fitch in the E4 teen drama.
Next month an exhibition of her prints, What Makes Us Care?, opens to raise awareness about youth homelessness, featuring well-known faces from film and TV, including her Skins co-stars Kaya Scodelario, Lily Loveless and Megan Prescott (Kathryn's sister).
Prescott has made her subjects look destitute and broken. Being Human actor Craig Roberts is photographed looking abject in the rain; The Borgias' François Arnaud lies sprawled across a street in Los Angeles.
She hadn't planned to use actors but her own experience of fame has shown her how powerful that sense of familiarity can be to get someone's attention. Skin fans stop her in the street and ask how she's doing, when they might walk past a real runaway. She wants us to question that value system. “Why does my face cause some people to come over and talk when the face of someone who probably needs all of these things far more than I do doesn't get a second glance?” she asks. “Just because we don't recognise someone from an area of our own lives, somehow it has become easy to simply ignore them and walk away.”
Statistically, teenagers are most likely to be judgmental about issues such as street-living, drink, drugs and addiction — partly because they haven't lived through it, or had a friend who has. They think homeless people are to blame for their condition. By using cool teen stars, Prescott hopes to break down that barrier and get young viewers to relate to issues outside their own more protected lives.
For her, however, the set-ups she creates are a little closer to home. “I know people who have been without a home for ages and lots of my friends are sofa surfing because they are in between jobs or saving for degrees and other studies — paying £500 rent every month is just not feasible for them.”
She admires charities such as Centrepoint, which aim to break the cycle of homelessness and give people back their self-worth rather than providing short-term solutions for a very complex problem.
“A friend told me she was once warned by a security guard not to give a homeless man food because ‘it will only encourage him'. That really stuck with me, how often society views people without homes as nothing more than pests rather than human beings on the cusp of existence, in need of care or just acknowledgement of their own humanity.”
She is donating funds from sales of the limited-edition prints on show to The Big Issue Foundation and Centrepoint. Before she started shooting she interviewed Big Issue sellers and immersed herself in books and films about homelessness including George Orwell's Down and Out in Paris and London and Andrea Arnold's 2009 film Fish Tank.
She mostly shot around gritty locations such as Camden Lock and Vauxhall and collaborated with a special effects make-up artist. “She's good at making people look dishevelled but I didn't want it to be disrespectful. I don't want my subjects to look like victims.”
Prescott, who grew up with a photographer mother, used her Skins earnings to buy a proper camera and learned how to use it by working unpaid as an assistant for well-known photographers. It was tough at first, especially as she worked incognito.
But now she relishes the creative freedom, the chance it gives her to make a difference. “If you're an actor you're at the mercy of a script. You've got far more control if you're the photographer.”
What Makes Us Care? is at St Martin-in-the-Fields Crypt Gallery, WC2 (020 7766 1100, stmartin-in-the-fields.org), September 18–October 13. Open Mon, Tues & Fri, 8.30am-1pm and 2pm-6pm; Weds, 8.30am-1.15pm and 2pm-5pm; Thurs, 8.30am-1.15pm and 2pm-6pm; Sat, 9.30am-6pm; Sun, 3.30pm-5pm; admission free. kathrynprescott.co.uk
We value our editorial independence, basing our comparison results, content and reviews on objective analysis without bias. But we may receive compensation when you click links on our site. Learn more about how we make money from our partners.
The first reveal of backwards compatible Xbox One games has arrived, but plenty of earmarked titles have missed the cut.
When Microsoft dropped the bomb – at this year's E3 – about the imminent arrival of backwards compatibility on the Xbox One, the response was tremendous. For fans, the ability to play selected Xbox 360 titles on the newer Xbox One console was clearly a big deal. Microsoft went on to talk about it at Gamescom, released a live preview beta to select gamers and went in-depth on the service at various media events. Usually, a visual element would support these talks, showing off the range of games coming to the feature.
We went through and painstakingly freeze-framed this marketing material to discern every bit of box art we could, as well as staying alert to any developer reveals through social media, to create a list of all the titles set for backwards compatibility. 60 of those games were not part of the initial list of 104 launch games.
For more, check out our analysis that shows only 28% of backwards compatible launch games were boxed copy releases. But in the interim, we believe you can still look forward to the following games hitting the service in the future – at least, Microsoft appeared confident enough of that fact to include these games on its marketing material.
Rise of the Tomb Raider from Microsoft Take control of the legendary Lara Croft as she reveals crypts and tombs that are filled with secrets, some valuable, some dangerous. View details
The Pittsburgh Steelers' offense exploded last season once rookie Martavis Bryant entered the lineup in Week 7.
The 6-foot-4 rookie receiver brought a size/speed element to Ben Roethlisberger's offense that perfectly complemented superstar Antonio Brown. Over the final 10 regular season games with Bryant in the lineup, the Steelers averaged 31.2 points per contest, as opposed to the 20.6 points in the six games prior to the rookie getting the call.
Entering 2015, offensive coordinator Todd Haley expects Bryant to battle third-year wideout Markus Wheaton for the No. 2 role in the Steelers' offense.
"We are looking for him to come in and make a push against Markus Wheaton for that No. 2 spot and continue give us big-time production, specifically in the red area where a big target like that can make a big impact," Haley said, per the Pittsburgh Tribune-Review.
Bryant compiled just 26 receptions for 549 yards in 2014, but his big-play ability made the Steelers offense a juggernaut as he hauled in eight touchdowns.
"When young guys come in at the receiver position and contribute early like he did, it is a big thing," Haley said. "He took a lot of pressure off Antonio Brown and Markus Wheaton ... he really had a big impact on our offense. He is a guy we are going to work real hard throughout the offseason and, like all young players, he should make progress from year one to year two."
Haley was quick to point out he also expects Wheaton to improve in his third season in the system -- the "most important" year in a receiver's development, according to the coordinator.
With Big Ben locked down for the future and stud wideouts to complement Le'Veon Bell, one of the best young dual-threat running backs in the NFL, the Steelers' offense should be one of the most explosive units for the next several years to come.
The latest Around The NFL Podcast reacts to Chris Borland's sudden retirement and discusses Philip Rivers' future in San Diego. Find more Around The NFL content on NFL NOW.
Bengaluru: Akkai Padmashali, the face of transgender community and an activist from Bengaluru, has been invited to be part of the Town Hall by former US President Barack Obama in New Delhi on December 1.
She is the only transgender in the country to participate. Padmashali told DC, “It is a proud moment for the entire community. It is a privilege to participate.”
She said, “It made me emotional for we aren't often involved in high-level gatherings. It will unlock new opportunities to uplift our LGBT community and that of the world.”
She was invited to the White House in 2015 but she couldn't meet Mr Obama. “I knew I would meet him some day,” she smiles.
“Given an opportunity, first, I would tell him how much we love and praise him for being a motivation to millions across the world. He has faced racial discrimination and knows what it is about,” she said. “ I would like to talk to him about the prevailing circumstances of the LGBT community in the USA and India and explain the discrimination here. We will seek his suggestions on the development of our community and tackling various forms of discrimination. We would like to educate the society, legislature and judiciary about our plight.”
The Town Hall will bring together hundreds of young Indian leaders from across the country for a conversation about what it means to be an active citizen and how the Obama Foundation, which is organising the event, can support the emerging leaders.
CLOSE Flagstaff fire crews are investigating an explosion at the massive Nestle Purina plant that leaves four people hurt.
The Flagstaff Fire Department responded to an explosion at a Nestle Purina plant.Four people were burned Sunday evening in a grain-dust explosion at the plant in Flagstaff, authorities said. (Photo: Flagstaff Fire Department)
Four people were burned Sunday evening in a grain-dust explosion at a Nestlé Purina plant in Flagstaff, authorities said.
Four contractors were doing welding work on the fifth floor of the plant, which is about 5 miles northeast of downtown Flagstaff, when dust produced during the food-making process ignited, according to Flagstaff Fire Department Capt. Bill Morse.
The explosion, which produced a brief fire, blew out several metal doors and burned all four contractors, who were sent to hospitals. One has severe burns, Morse said.
As of Sunday evening, one person was flown by helicopter and one was taken by ambulance to the Arizona Burn Center at Maricopa Medical Center in Phoenix, according to the department. The third was admitted to the Flagstaff Medical Center, where the fourth was admitted and later released.
Grain dust is the main source of fuel for explosions in grain handling, as it is highly combustible and can burn or explode if enough becomes airborne or accumulates on a surface and finds an ignition source such as welding, according to the Occupational Safety and Health Administration.
According to a Nestlé Purina website, the Flagstaff plant employs about 250 workers and produces 1,000 tons of dry dog and cat food a day.
The explosion caused a strange-looking cloud that was a combination of smoke and grain, Morse said.
No further information was immediately available.
Read or Share this story: http://azc.cc/1tTARUB
Sammy Watkins is itching for training camp to open on Wednesday after missing offseason practices following January surgery to repair a torn labrum in his hip.
"I'll definitely be ready to practice," Watkins said Tuesday, via Matthew Fairburn of Syracuse.com. "It's really about me just going and having fun. I'll be at practice ready to go. I'll be full go. I'll be prepared to go out there and make plays."
This is welcome news for a talented young receiver poised for a break-out season after an injury-plagued rookie campaign.
It's a promising sign that Watkins turned in one of his finest performances of last year at Denver in Week 14, two weeks after suffering the hip injury versus the Browns.
New coach Rex Ryan has hyped Watkins as a "one in every 10-year player that comes down the road."
Now that he's back to full health, Watkins has the opportunity to make good on that high praise.
The latest Around The NFL Podcast discusses which coaches are on the hot seat heading into 2015.
Great Information December 13, 2018 by Hoff41 from United States For anyone looking to run or looking to help others run, regardless of your political views this podcast is an invaluable resource
Excellent podcast November 11, 2018 by PodcasterArglyeCT from the United States I love this podcast. Very insightful! I would recommend everyone listen.
Awesome Podcast!! September 27, 2018 by Brooke Craven from United States Raz, host of the How To Run For Office podcast, highlights all aspects of campaigns, elections and more in this can't miss podcast! The host and expert guests offer insightful advice and information that is helpful to anyone that listens!
Super helpful February 11, 2018 by BEEEFSTAA from the United States Truly amazing podcast. Even as nyc Democrat this podcast is immensely helpful
Political strategy on the ground February 9, 2018 by Drhodesco from the United States I learned more in a 10 minute listen to My Campaign Coach about running a political campaign and making a difference in my local community than I have from all the political commentary I've heard in my life. He knows how to make things happen in the real world. We need more information like this out there.
Great info; spot-on January 27, 2018 by Mark Lineberry from United States Raz and My Campaign Coach offer spot-on campaign advice. I sure wish we had resources like this 20 years ago when I used to work on campaigns. This is a cool resource with the top campaign managers in the nation coming together to discuss the latest and greatest. Definitely check this podcast out.
This Independent Approves! October 29, 2017 by Frelsun from the United States I am a staunch independent, yet I can't help loving this show. A great concept. The host and guests are knowledgable and interesting. They seem to offer great reflections and advice. Maybe they are appealing to the conservative side of me. For what it's worth, this seems valuable.
Great podcast! September 29, 2017 by Conservative writer from the United States As lover of campaigns, you can never have too much knowledge. My Campaign Coach provides enormous amount of information right from the candidates themselves!
Don't miss out! July 12, 2017 by AmirB1383 from the United States If you're interested in learning how to run for office, then the How to Run for Office podcast is the way to go. Raz brings a series of strong conservative leaders that dig in deep to the realities of political life. This is an absolute must for anyone that is interested in running for public office.
Unique and valuable resource June 8, 2017 by Graham Norris from the United States My campaign coach has put together an extremely important resource for people considering a run for office. There are huge unknowns for someone who has never been involved in politics professionally... barriers to entry that keep good folks on the sideline. These podcasts are tearing down those barriers and bringing those unknowns into the light. By demystifying the process, and paving the road for quality people to run for elective office, my campaign coach is performing an incredible service to communities all across the country. Listen, learn, and run!
Very helpful! March 16, 2017 by Josemelendeztx from the United States Excellent resource with great insight from some of the best people in conservative politics.
Great Resource March 16, 2017 by #CruzCrew2016 from United States Great resoruce for candidates, potential candidates, their staff and families! Need more #DroginSlogans in campaigns.
Good info and better reminders February 23, 2017 by Zan Campbell from the United States No matter if you have been involved in politics for a long time or are just now looking to get involved, this podcast is a wealth of information.
This is fantastic! December 5, 2016 by Slapshot Jay from the United States What a great show. If you are interested in learning more about running for office, this is the show for you. Love the audio quality - makes learning much easier!
Learn from the experts November 22, 2016 by TKM-ATX from the United States Whether you are running for office or just want to become more engaged in your community, MCC will give you the tools you need to win. Raz and his team have been involved in countless races with great success. If you're going to devote yourself to something you owe it to yourself to learn how to win. This is a great resource to do just that.
Learn how to run for office! November 14, 2016 by RazShafer from the United States The Campaign Coach Podcast teaches you how to run your campaign and win!
Extremely Relevant November 14, 2016 by "Texas Z" from United States Love a show that encourages conservative participation from the bottom to the top of government.
Great Info November 14, 2016 by CD1Shafer from the United States I had no idea how much preparation is needed to run for office.
(Reuters) - Morgan Stanley (MS.N) reported a stronger-than-expected first-quarter profit of $958 million, compared with a year-earlier loss of $119 million, as its wealth management business grew.
Investment bank Morgan Stanley is pictured in New York City, September 17, 2008. REUTERS/Mike Segar
The sixth-largest U.S. bank by assets said on Thursday it earned 49 cents per share on a consolidated basis in the first three months of the year, compared with a loss of 6 cents per share a year earlier.
Excluding a charge related to debt value adjustment (DVA), or changes in the value of the company's debt, Morgan Stanley earned $1.2 billion, or 61 cents per share.
On the same basis, analysts had expected earnings of 57 cents, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
However, revenue from fixed income and commodities trading fell to $1.5 billion from $2.6 billion a year earlier, reflecting declines in commodities and rates.
Shares of the bank, which has reported a profit excluding items in every quarter since the first quarter of 2012, were up slightly at $21.55 before the bell.
Excluding items, total revenue fell 4.8 percent to $8.48 billion, beating the average analyst forecast of $8.35 billion.
Revenue in the wealth management group, which had been expected to drive earnings, rose 5.4 percent to $3.47 billion, making up about 41 percent of total revenue.
Operating pre-tax profit in the wealth management business was the highest in the bank's history, Chief Executive James Gorman said in a statement.
Gorman has staked the future of the company on the wealth management business, arguing that it offers more stable returns that will help offset volatility in the bank's trading and investment banking businesses.
Gorman made good on his promise to deliver a “midteens” pre-tax margin in the business by June — after initially aiming for 20 percent. The unit's profit margin was unchanged from the fourth quarter at 17 percent, compared with 11 percent a year earlier.
Record earnings from wealth management came not just from a pickup in stock and bond market values, but from higher transaction revenue, Chief Financial Officer Ruth Porat said in an interview.
Higher closed-end fund issuance also helped as firms tapped retail investors for new funds in equities and high-yield debt, she said.
“It really highlights the operating leverage in this business because it's not as though the markets have a robust new issue environment, and yet you see the impact on profitability,” she said.
Expenses including compensation fell to $6.54 billion from $6.72 billion in the year-earlier quarter but were up from $6.11 billion in the fourth quarter.
Compensation expense slipped to $4.2 billion from $4.4 billion in the first quarter of 2012.
“MORE STABLE EARNINGS”
Morgan Stanley's revenue from wealth management has grown to $13.5 billion last year from $5.5 billion a year before the financial crisis. There have been setbacks, though, including cost overruns and problems with technology.
“Morgan Stanley has seen a huge shift to global wealth management, which should pay off,” said Bernie Williams, vice-president of discretionary money management at USAA Investments, which has $55 billion in assets under management, including Morgan Stanley shares.
“I'm attracted to that business because it has fewer regulatory obstacles than trading and it provides more stable earnings,” said Williams, who spoke before the bank's results were released.
The company's institutional securities business — which includes merger advisory, stock and debt underwriting and trading — reported net revenue excluding DVA of $4.41 billion, up from $3.60 billion in the fourth quarter but down from $5.11 billion in the first quarter of 2012.
Morgan Stanley's business model can make it difficult to compare to other banks and brokerages. Its closest competitors are Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS.N), which is far more heavily weighted in trading and principal investments, and Merrill Lynch, which is owned by Bank of America (BAC.N).
Other big investment banks are divisions of commercial banks such as JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N) and Citigroup Inc (C.N), which do not have large retail brokerages.
Morgan Stanley and Citigroup jointly own brokerage Smith Barney, but Citi has been selling down its stake, leaving Morgan Stanley with about 65 percent of the venture.
Gorman said on Thursday that Morgan Stanley looked forward to buying the rest of Smith Barney once it gets regulatory approval.
Former congressman Ron Paul revealed a list of “fake news” journalists he claims are responsible for “bogus wars” and lies about Hillary Clinton's chances of winning the election. Journalists from CNN, the New York Times, and the Guardian are included.
“This list contains the culprits who told us that Iraq had weapons of mass destruction and lied us into multiple bogus wars,” according to a report on his website, “holds a lot more water” than a list previously released by “a leftist feminist professor.” “This list contains the culprits who told us that Iraq had weapons of mass destruction and lied us into multiple bogus wars,”according to a report on his website, Ron Paul Liberty Report . Paul claims the list is sourced and“holds a lot more water”than a list previously released by Melissa Zimdars , who is described on Paul's website as“a leftist feminist professor.”
“These are the news sources that told us ‘if you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor,'” he said. “They told us that Hillary Clinton had a 98% of winning the election. They tell us in a never-ending loop that ‘The economy is in great shape!'”
Paul's list includes the full names of the “fake news” journalists as well as the publications they write for, with what appears to be hyperlinks to where the allegations are sourced from. In most cases, this is WikiLeaks, but none of the hyperlinks are working at present, leaving the exact sources of the list unknown.
CNN is Paul's biggest alleged culprit, with nine entries, followed by the NY Times and MSNBC, with six each. The NY Times has recently come under fire from President-elect Donald Trump, who accuses them of being “totally wrong” on news regarding his transition team, while describing them as “failing.”
The publication hit back, however, saying their business has increased since his election, with a surge in new subscriptions.
CNN's Wolf Blitzer is also amongst those named on the list. In an email from the Democratic National Committee (DNC) released by CNN's Wolf Blitzer is also amongst those named on the list. In an email from the Democratic National Committee (DNC) released by WikiLeaks , the DNC staff discusses sending questions to CNN for an interview with Donald Trump.
Also listed is NY Times journalist Maggie Haberman, whom leaked emails showed working closely with Clinton's campaign to present the Democratic candidate in a favorable light.
So-called ‘fake news' has been recently attacked by US President Barack Obama, who claimed that false news shared online may have played a role in Donald Trump's victory in the US presidential election.
Facebook head Mark Zuckerberg has now said that the social media site may begin entrusting third parties with filtering the news.
Los Angeles Storm (Photo by Gamma Infinity via the LAist Featured Photos pool on Flickr)
The weather forecast through Friday calls for rain, wind, maybe even thunder and hail throughout Southern California.
A cold, wintry storm from British Columbia is headed this way and is expected to reach us this afternoon and stick around through Friday evening, according to a National Weather Service statement (via City News Service). If the thunderstorms materialize this afternoon, we could see small hail as well—just in time for rush hour!
This rainfall won't wash away the drought. Some areas might not see water at all, others will see less than a quarter-inch but if thunderstorms do develop, we might see as much as a half-inch. That could be a mixed blessing for burn areas, where you might see minor mud and debris flows.
It's going to get a little chilly for May, too, with temperatures in the mid-60s today and tomorrow, dropping to the upper 40s to mid-50s at night.
"It's very unseasonably cold for this time of year," Stuart Seto, a specialist with the National Weather Service in Oxnard, told the Los Angeles Times.
Off the coast, you might see waterspouts. The San Gabriel Mountains could see snow as low as 4,500 feet. The Antelope Valley is expected to get very windy this afternoon and evening until 9 pm with gusts up to 45 mph.
The anime adaptation of the Whole Cake Island arc is around the corner!
The latest edition of Newtype magazine has confirmed that the One Piece anime will enter the Whole Cake Island arc on April 9, 2017. Furthermore, Sanji's Japanese voice actor Hiroaki Hirata tweeted about his character's return to the anime in the 783rd episode. The anime already covered the arc's first and most of the second chapter following the Zou finale.
Unlike the events of the manga, in the anime the Straw Hat Pirates made an additional stop before entering Big Mom's territory. The recently announced ‘Navy Rookies' filler arc will start on March 19 and conclude with on April 2. Whether this arc will bring a new opening theme with it or not is yet to be seen. Please keep checking back to The One Piece Podcast throughout the coming weeks, and we will provide an update as soon as we receive one.
Our editorial writer Chao has translated the episode titles and staff info for the upcoming anime episodes, which are as follows:
March 12: Anime will be on a hiatus due to Nagoya Women's Marathon 2017.
March 19:
One Piece episode 780: 「空腹戦線 ルフィと海軍超新星！」
“A Hungry Front! Luffy and the Navy Rookies!”
Screenplay: 「上坂浩彦」 Hirohiko Uesaka
Episode director: 「伊藤聡伺」 Satoshi Itō
Storyboard: 「伊藤聡伺」 Satoshi Itō
Animation director: 「横山健次」 Kenji Yokoyama
March 26:
One Piece episode 781: 「執念の３人 麦わら一味大追撃戦！」
“The Persistent Trio – The Great Pursuit for the Straw Hats!”
Screenplay: 「中山智博」 Tomohiro Nakayama
Episode director: 「上田芳裕」 Yoshihiro Ueda
Storyboard: 「上田芳裕」 Yoshihiro Ueda
Animation director: 「松田翠」 Midori Matsuda
April 2:
One Piece episode 782: 「悪魔の拳 決戦！ルフィVSグラント」
“Fist of the Devil – Showdown! Luffy VS Grant”
Screenplay: 「田中仁」 Hitoshi Tanaka
Episode director: 「伊藤聡伺」 Satoshi Itō
Storyboard: 「伊藤聡伺」 Satoshi Itō, 「えんどうてつや」 Tetsuya Endō
Animation director: 「多嘉良敢」 Isamu Takara
April 9: (Whole Cake Island arc's first episode)
One Piece episode 783: 「サンジ 帰郷 ビッグ・マムの海域へ！」
“Sanji Returns Home – To Big Mom's Territory!”
Summary: “While the Straw Hats are struggling with their food rations, Sanji is with Baron Tamago on Big Mom's ship. At the sight of looking at a photograph of his soon-to-be fiancée – Charlotte Pudding, Sanji falls madly in love with this great beauty.”
You can support One Piece by supporting its official releases. The official simulcasts for the weekly anime episodes are available on Crunchyroll and Funimation. The anime fans can purchase Funimation's Collection Treasure Chests, containing episodes 1-299.
The 13th, 14th, 15th, 16th, 17th, 18th, and 19th One Piece collection sets come with episodes from 300 to 468. Furthermore, the remaining dubbed episodes up to episode 516 are available on voyage sets with both the English and Japanese audio tracks.
The manga fans can buy VIZ's One-Piece Box Set: East Blue and Baroque Works (volumes 1-23), One-Piece Box Set 2: Skypiea and Water Seven (volumes 24-46), and One-Piece Box Set 3: Thriller Bark to New World (volumes 47-70).
You can also listen to new episodes of The One Piece Podcast right here every Monday, where we review and recap the latest One Piece episodes!
SOURCE: Newtype magazine
Canada and Israel have drawn up a pact to work together on international development and aid projects, further strengthening ties between the two countries at a time when Israel faces increasing international isolation.
Daniel Carmon, head of Israel's agency for international development, and Julian Fantino, Canada's International Co-operation Minister, met in Ottawa Tuesday to sign the new agreement. Mr. Carmon said the deal will encourage the two countries to share strategies for international development and could lead to partnerships on specific projects.
"We have obligations as developed countries ... to not sit idle and see people in the developing world suffer or not get the education or the health or the most basic human rights and other rights that every human being should receive," he said.
Story continues below advertisement
The agreement comes after Israel earned a rare rebuke from some of its closest allies – including Canada – over its decision to build settlements east of Jerusalem. Canada previously backed Israel's use of air strikes in Gaza last month and campaigned against a vote to give Palestine status as a non-member observer state at the United Nations. That vote passed 138 to nine, leaving Canada part of a minority of countries that voted with Israel.
Mr. Carmon said Israel "has a lot to contribute" to the world, but admitted that the country struggles to work through multilateral institutions like the United Nations, where he once served as a deputy ambassador for Israel.
"Israel has been maltreated in some multilateral fora," he said. "Since it has been a very complicated arena for us, we have not been as active in this multilateral world for many years and we are sort of coming back to the stage in recent years. And we are very active and we are relying on our good friends."
He said Israel is eager to share its expertise in research and innovation with developing countries, as well as its success in agriculture. Earlier this year, Canada and Israel agreed to increase co-operation on agriculture. They also have memorandums of understanding between their space agencies and on industrial research.
Canada and Israel each have similar international development agreements with several other countries. But while Canada has faced some criticism over its unwavering support for Israel, it still has a reputation as a good global citizen, something that could help boost Israel's work in the developing world.
The Canadian International Development Agency declined to comment on the memorandum of understanding, and Mr. Fantino's office had not responded to questions about the agreement by late Tuesday. But in an announcement circulated by the Israeli embassy, Mr. Fantino is quoted as saying the two countries share a "bond of friendship and are allies in the democratic family of countries." He added that greater co-operation between CIDA and Mashav, Israel's aid agency, will help those most in need and contribute to "a more secure and prosperous world."
Mr. Carmon was in Ottawa to participate in a multi-day meeting of scientists and development experts hosted by Grand Challenges Canada, a federally funded group that works on global health, and the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Earlier on Tuesday, Mr. Fantino announced CIDA would partner with Grand Challenges to bring more ideas for health innovation to the developing world. He also touted Canada's contribution to maternal and child health through its landmark Muskoka Initiative and suggested the partnership would help build on Canada's efforts.
Mr. Fantino has spent the last several weeks explaining, in a series of interviews and speeches,why and how CIDA plans to increase its engagement with the private sector, a move that has led to concerns that the agency is straying from its core poverty-reduction mandate.
He called innovation in health a "critical piece of the development puzzle" – one that can involve partners from a variety of sectors, including private companies.
"Innovative responses are needed that encompass new development approaches, new partnerships and enhanced research and development," he said. "We need to encourage new ideas and new thinking."
[asa]B003MGICQ8[/asa]
Well the title says it all and not to the surprise, these NoPoPo (Non Pollution Power) batteries have also been invented by the Japanese and are a lot better than those vibration powered batteries. These have some sort of chemicals that will generate electric charge with just a few drops of water. The NoPoPo rechargeable batteries have a remarkable shelf life of up to 20 years and these are 100% rechargeable and recyclable batteries. The NoPoPo batteries (also termed as water battery) can be recharged with any kind of liquid (as long as you can think of it) but for optimum recharging, drinking or tap water is recommended. You can either fill in few drops of water inside these AA batteries or submerge them in liquid for just 3-5 minutes in order to charge them. These produce 1.5V 500mA which is standard and can be used in any device that runs on regular size AA batteries. These are about to be released in Japan. No information on price at this time.
Share this Post!
It's been whispered about, written about, blatantly expressed and just as vociferously denied. RACE. How it does or doesn't play into politics, how it will or won't have a significant impact on the outcome of the election today and how, exactly, it defines – or doesn't – the great, obvious, divide in our country.
As much as many would like to pretend, as much as more optimistic minds would like to hope, one need only take a step back and view this election from the wider perspective to see the obvious: this race between President Barack Obama and Mitt Romney is both energized and diminished by racial politics.
Rachel Maddow had an interesting segment on her show last night (November 5th). As she wrapped up her segment, she began a discussion about the conspicuous disparity between the supporters of the two candidates. Displaying photographs of their campaigns at various stops, she pointed out the unmistakable difference in the crowds' racial composition: Obama's crowds came in a wide range of ages and colors, while Romney's skewed older and were predominately…White. Shockingly so. So much so that Rachel's focus asked the obvious question: Is the great unspoken divide between Mitt Romney supporters and those of Barack Obama abashedly one of race?
I can hear the caterwauling in response, the usual litany of denials and deflections, the rapid-fire lists of all that is wrong with Obama that has nothing to do with race, but let's look at reality without the cackling Greek chorus (or “columns” as Limbaugh would put it!).
The GOP (grand old party has never seemed a more appropriate label) is positioned as the “old guard,” the party that fiercely upholds “classic American ideals” while embracing an increasingly outdated paradigm: predominately White, Christian majority, socially conservative, tapped into middle class privilege and opportunity, focused on building wealth that's disproportionately available and often unfairly protected, flanked on the lower economic end by those bound to the party by shared fundamentalist religious dogma (…and, perhaps, racial animus).
Then there are the Democrats: trending younger, certainly more diverse, with an emerging majority of mixed religions and ethnicities; focused on “big tent” (aka, progressive) policies and platforms unencumbered by the limitations of any one religion's dogma. Their mission statement includes building wealth through small business and wise investing, but also looks to create safety nets to help pull up the lesser privileged, protect the needy, and promote the civil equality of all. While both parties are staunch protectors of the union though a strong military, Democrats are more likely to consider removing bloat from military budgets to put towards domestics needs.
Holler all you like but if one looks at the unvarnished reality of the historical and expressed core beliefs of both parties, you cannot, in all honesty, find much to counter these thumbnails. Just look again at the photos at the top of this piece, emblematic of the two campaigns, and tell me; how do these differences play out in an election?
In an article in The Daily Beast today, Team Obama's Election Day Anxiety: Fear of a Big White Vote, reporter James Warren drags the issue out of the campaign closet. In speaking to a official on the Obama team, he uncovered their largely unspoken concern:
What do you most fear, I asked. Said one: “A huge white turnout. Kind of like what Bush hit us (John Kerry) with in '04.” The Obama constituency is primary black, Hispanic, single females and well-educated urban whites. Polling suggests black and Hispanic are overwhelmingly Democratic in the same percentages as four years ago; roughly 90 percent for blacks and more than 70 percent for Hispanics.
With voter turnout expected to be less than the exuberant numbers of 2008…
That reality, combined with at least the possibility of a white-dominated, pro-Romney surge, was the cause of stress for Obama's re-election strategists.
A strange time, indeed, when the actual facts of a campaign, the actual policies, prevarications and questionable profits of one of the candidates, are pushed aside – ignored, excused or diminished – by those so zealous to protect their “vision of America,” they're willing to turn a blind eye. But the fact remains that never before in the history of a presidential campaign has one of the two major candidates faced ethics charges just days before the election (UAW Files Charges Against Romney ?on his Auto Bail-out Profiteering), only to have it fall on deaf ears in the delusion of “taking America back.”
The big secret? America never left. We don't need anyone to “take it back.” It's still the America founded in the name of freedom those many years ago. It just grew up, changed; evolved as any great country does. We don't need the placeholders of old to keep us tied to what America was; we need bold leaders with a new and inclusive worldview – leaders like Barack Obama – to lead us into the next chapters of the very vibrant and eclectic America we live in today.
I hope “the Big Diverse Vote” comes out in droves to make sure we get that chance.
Follow Lorraine Devon Wilke on Twitter, Facebook and Rock+Paper+Music; for her archive at Addicting info click here; details and links to her other work: www.lorrainedevonwilke.com.
The last communication from the missing Argentine submarine ARA San Juan revealed a leak of seawater had caused a short circuit and “the beginnings of a fire” in the batteries, according to a copy of the message published by Argentine television.
“Entry of seawater through the ventilation system into battery tank No. 3 caused a short circuit and the beginnings of a fire in the battery room. Bow batteries out of service. At the moment in immersion propelling with split circuit. No updates on personnel, will keep informed,” the document obtained by the channel A24 said.
The message was purportedly sent by the commander of the ARA San Juan by radio and received as a transcription. A24 did not say how it had obtained the document, on which the Argentine Navy has not commented.
The communication appears to contradict some of the information released by the Navy. It was sent at 8.52am on the morning of the sub's disappearance on Wednesday, November 15, while the authorities have said the vessel's last message was received at 7.30am.
On Monday, Illinois Gov. Bruce Rauner (R) signed the Trust Act to limit local law enforcement agencies from engaging in federal immigration enforcement efforts to detain suspected undocumented immigrants.
Under the Illinois Trust Act, law enforcement officials would not arrest someone on the basis of suspecting that the person is an undocumented immigrant. Law enforcement officers also won't honor detainers from the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agency to detain undocumented immigrants for potential deportation proceedings unless a judge has issued a warrant.
The law faces scrutiny from the Trump administration and other Republicans who condemn such “sanctuary city”- type legislation for failing to turn over all undocumented immigrants for deportation proceedings. But advocates and law enforcement officials who attended the press conference were aligned in the belief that the Trust Act would actually greatly improve relations between immigrant communities and the police.
“Today our immigrant communities feel safer than ever coming to their local law enforcement, being witnesses to crimes that are committed, reporting if they are vicitimized or their loved ones are victimized,” Lake County Police Department Sgt. Christopher Covelli said at a press conference before Rauner signed the Trust Act. Covelli was one of several law enforcement officials present at the bill signing to support the legislation.
“Let's face it, trust builds safer communities, plain and simple,” Covelli added.
“Our job is to take care of you, that's what we want to do,” Leo P. Schmitz, the director of the Illinois State Police, said directing his comments at all Illinois residents, noting that he has worked in the community for 34 years. “Regardless of race, gender, or national origin, all people of Illinois should be felt secure and have the ability to reach out to us.”
Advertisement
“This law reinforces local and state communities to work with the federal government to protect the neighborhood, to protect the people in the state of Illinois,” Schmitz said.
The Illinois Association of Chiefs of Police also supports the bill, in part because they agree that enabling local police to enforce immigration enforcement could worsen relations between their police departments and immigrant communities that may be too fearful of deportation to report crime. Those fears aren't unfounded. Police chiefs in Houston, Texas and Los Angeles, California have said fewer people have been reporting serious crimes like rape and domestic violence as a result of the Trump administration's crackdown on undocumented immigrants.
“We want anybody to feel free to call the police, and we would like to get the word out that this bill should make anyone living in Illinois feel comfortable about calling the police and getting the service they need,” Ed Wojcicki, the Executive Director of the Illinois Association of Chiefs of Police, wrote prior to the bill signing. He pointed out that there were “solid rational reasons” for his association to support the bill, including that it would codify into law a practice that's already in place in several police departments.
“For the Illinois Chiefs, the bill mostly puts into law what is current practice for local police departments: They don't pull people over only to check their immigration status,” Wojcicki wrote. “They do respond to calls for service when people are the victims of crime or involved in an accident. They do want Illinois residents to call local police if someone is battered, in an accident, or burglarized.”
The @ChiMariachiProj is performing live at the #TRUSTAct bill signing. No better way to kick off our #WelcomingIL victory! pic.twitter.com/4PnsvAYgAx — IL Immigrant Rights (@icirr) August 28, 2017
Rauner is a rare advocate for immigrants at a time when President Donald Trump has called to financially penalize states and localities that aim to serve immigrants alongside other communities. The president previously signed an executive order to withhold federal funds from so-called “sanctuary cities” where local and state-level officials can choose not to collaborate with the ICE agency to detain undocumented immigrants. Rauner's move also comes a few days after Trump pardoned former Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio who violated a federal judge's order to stop racially profiling Latinx individuals.
Advertisement
“Illinois is a state built by immigrants,” Rauner said on Fox News earlier this month, defending the Trust Act. “I work for everybody in the state of Illinois. Our immigration system is broken. We need to have a system that keeps the people of Illinois safe, the people of America safe. We have to keep that as a first priority.”
Illinois is home to more than half a million undocumented immigrants and one in seven people in the state were born in another country. The state's Latinx community contributed $47.2 billion in purchasing power while Asian buying power totaled $30.3 billion in 2014, according to the Selig Center for Economic Growth at the University of Georgia.
S&P's U.S. Downgrade A Warning To End Partisan Business-As-Usual
Enlarge this image toggle caption Carolyn Kaster/AP Carolyn Kaster/AP
President Obama may have escaped for the moment at least becoming the first U.S. chief executive to preside over a U.S. government default on its debts.
But he now holds the dubious distinction of becoming the first president on whose watch the nation's debt was downgraded by a major credit-rating agency as Standard & Poor's on Friday cut the rating on U.S. long-term debt to AA-plus from the highest level, AAA.
In its news release issued after U.S. financial markets in the U.S. closed, S&P said in part:
We lowered our long-term rating on the U.S. because we believe that the prolonged controversy over raising the statutory debt ceiling and the related fiscal policy debate indicate that further near-term progress containing the growth in public spending, especially on entitlements, or on reaching an agreement on raising revenues is less likely than we previously assumed and will remain a contentious and fitful process. We also believe that the fiscal consolidation plan that Congress and the Administration agreed to this week falls short of the amount that we believe is necessary to stabilize the general government debt burden by the middle of the decade.
The downgrade is guaranteed to become a major piece of evidence used by Obama's political opponents against him as they make the case that he has failed to lead the nation and should not be rewarded with a second term.
Almost as if on cue, the campaign of Mitt Romney, front-runner for the Republican presidential nomination, issued the following statement:
"America's creditworthiness just became the latest casualty in President Obama's failed record of leadership on the economy. Standard & Poor's rating downgrade is a deeply troubling indicator of our country's decline under President Obama. His failed policies have led to high unemployment, skyrocketing deficits, and now, the unprecedented loss of our nation's prized AAA credit rating. Today, President Obama promised that 'things will get better.' But it has become increasingly clear that the only way things will get better is with new leadership in the White House."
The president's political future will clearly rest partly on whether he is able to convincingly refute such charges. He will have to persuade voters that he was more sinned against than sinning in the political dysfunction that existed even before Republicans took over the House in January.
To the extent that downgrade of U.S. debt adds to the overall impression on voters' part that the nation is on the wrong track, the president's chances for re-election may have worsened Friday.
Clouding the situation is that S&P made a math mistake in its earlier analysis to the tune of $2 trillion which the Treasury Department discovered Friday and brought to the ratings agency's attention. S&P later released a statement saying it had revised its numbers, but that the credit rating still stands.
The Obama administration's immediate response after S&P's action was to accuse the ratings agency of acting in haste and making an even larger error than faulty arithmetic by proceeding apace with the downgrade.
The administration's first instinct appeared not to be to blame Republicans, especially the Tea Party, for playing a role in the downgrade. But that could change in the coming hours, days and weeks.
Meanwhile, congressional Republicans have plenty to worry about, too. Recent surveys of public attitudes by the most credible polling organizations have repeatedly indicated that Americans faulted the GOP more than Obama for how the recent debt-ceiling fight played out.
Voters perceive Republicans as less willing to compromise. GOP leaders have even encouraged that view by suggesting that the very idea of making concessions is antithetical to them, a violation of their principles. They did so even as Obama positioned himself as being willing to deal.
Not only were congressional Republicans facing new challenges because of S&P's decision. GOP presidential candidates likely also run the risk of turning off many voters, especially political independents, if they seem more concerned about using the downgrade as a partisan cudgel against Obama than offering credible policy solutions.
S&P's action was clearly a rebuke of both Republicans and Democrats as it warned that if the current partisan dynamics in Washington didn't change, further downgrades could occur.
The ratings agency expressed what sounded like a fatalistic disappointment that that Washington policymakers were so entrenched in their ideological positions that common sense solutions to the nation's mounting fiscal problems were a casualty.
Another excerpt:
The political brinksmanship of recent months highlights what we see as America's governance and policymaking becoming less stable, less effective, and less predictable than what we previously believed. The statutory debt ceiling and the threat of default have become political bargaining chips in the debate over fiscal policy. Despite this year's wide-ranging debate, in our view, the differences between political parties have proven to be extraordinarily difficult to bridge, and, as we see it, the resulting agreement fell well short of the comprehensive fiscal consolidation program that some proponents had envisaged until quite recently. Republicans and Democrats have only been able to agree to relatively modest savings on discretionary spending while delegating to the Select Committee decisions on more comprehensive measures. It appears that for now, new revenues have dropped down on the menu of policy options. In addition, the plan envisions only minor policy changes on Medicare and little change in other entitlements, the containment of which we and most other independent observers regard as key to long-term fiscal sustainability.
The first response from House Speaker John Boehner appeared to put the onus for the S&P action on Democrats. He ignored S&P's clear reference to revenues:
"In May, I warned, 'if we don't act boldly now, the markets will act for us very soon.' It is my hope this wake-up call will convince Washington Democrats that they can no longer afford to tinker around the edges of our long-term debt problem. As S&P noted, reforming and preserving our entitlement programs is the 'key to long-term fiscal sustainability.' "
Boehner's statement, with its partisan fingerpointing and silence on the need for new tax revenues, represented just the sort of partisanship and unwillingness to put everything on the table that caused the ratings agency to downgrade the U.S. debt in the first place.
In this respect, Obama may be somewhat better positioned than the Republican leadership since he, at least, has been open to the idea of reforming entitlements while Republican leaders have insisted publicly that increasing tax revenues is a non-starter.
S&P has underscored with the downgrade heard 'round the world that the positions of hardliners on either the entitlements-are-untouchable side or the anti-tax side of the policy debate are untenable.
There is the possibility that the ratings downgrade could actually provide Republican leadership with some political cover. It could give them the necessary space to accept what many experts from both parties say is the only way the nation's long-term fiscal problems can be solved, through a combination of cuts to entitlement benefit and tax increases.
It could allow Republicans to shift their position on taxes toward at least admitting the possibility of raising some taxes in order to prevent future debt downgrades.
If Republican leaders react that way, they could turn to the proposal by the Senate's "Gang of Six," which includes measures that would raise tax revenues.
But it could also give Democrats cover to make some difficult course corrections, too. For instance, it might allow more Democrats, like Rep. Nancy Pelosi, the House minority leader, to move off her position that entitlements can't be touched.
By moving now with a downgrade, S&P may have also changed the political calculus for congressional leaders who must choose who will serve on the super committee of 12 lawmakers required by the debt-ceiling law.
The panel's task will be to recommend, by the end of the year, $1.5 trillion worth of spending cuts to be made over 10 years.
Those cuts would be in addition to the nearly $1 trillion in spending reductions over the same time period that debt-ceiling negotiators agreed to in order to end the governing crisis that brought the nation to the brink of default.
Whether S&P's move will have the intended effect on the nation's political actors was unclear. Even before the debt-ceiling crisis ended, the ratings agency had warned that an agreement might not prevent a downgrade. It would take credible deficit-reduction action on the part of Washington policymakers.
Also, some Republicans discounted the impact of a downgrade, saying the nation's fiscal situation was so precarious that it deserved to have its debt downgraded.
But should S&P's downgrade result in significant added financial and economic distress for American voters, that almost cavalier attitude toward a downgrade may prove fairly unpopular.
Further, recent polls have also indicated that the Tea Party has lost popularity. If voters come to blame the grassroots movement for the loss of national prestige and pride that goes with the downgrade, the Tea Party could find itself falling even further in public approval and end up losing its sway in American politics as quickly as it gained it.
One of the most important aspects of the S&P decision may be to give the nation's political leaders the courage to go before the American people and make the case for unpopular policies — both tax increases on not just the richest Americans but the middle class, too, and cuts to entitlement benefits.
Experts say both are necessary to make real inroads. Most Americans have so far generally been opposed to both.
But Friday's historic downgrade gives the need for an informative, thorough and honest discussion of such policies all the more urgency.
I was super excited to open up my gifts, as my secret santa messaged me a few times asking me questions about my personality and what I liked/didn't like etc. My SS learned that I love to collect things, and often keep many odd things just for the story of what they are/how I got them. When I got the sent confirmation, she told me that I would beget gifts that were crafted just for me.
I had no idea what to expect when I opened up the box. Inside was three gifts awesome gifts, a card, and a super nice letter.
The gifts were:
A super cool Sock Monkey (I've always wanted to make one of these but I have no idea how!) named Toby, created by my secret santa and her class of 3rd graders! MST3k DVDs (one of my all-time favorite shows, and episodes I didn't already own!) A super cool dream catcher, which now hangs above my bed =)
The super nice letter said: "Walfred, I know these aren't the super cool gifts that most of the redditors on the front page are getting, but know they are sent with love! The sock monkey was made by my 3rd grade class (I'm a teacher, not a student lol!), his name is Toby, and all the kids pitched in to make him. The MST3k DVDs were bought at a local used book store, I've never seen MST3k for sale before so I had to get it, even if it wasn't for me! And finally, the dream catcher was made by my husband who is a full blooded native american of cherokee tribal lineage. I decided to send you things that told a story of our life here, hopefully the story and hardwork make up for it not being fancy useless crap that's out of date in 3 months! haha! Hope you have a fantasic Christmas, and you enjoy those presents as much as they enjoyed being made for you!"
Thank you soooo much secret santa! I love the gifts. To me, they are way better than any fancy tech toy I could have gotten. Toby has already settled in to his new home with my other stuffed animals, the dream catcher hangs above my bed, and the DVDs will be watched multiple times and thoroughly enjoyed.
Limbs saved by menstrual blood stem cells
Cells obtained from menstrual blood, termed 'endometrial regenerative cells' (ERCs) are capable of restoring blood flow in an animal model of advanced peripheral artery disease. A study published today in BioMed Central's open access Journal of Translational Medicine demonstrates that when circulation-blocked mice were treated with ERC injections, circulation and functionality were restored. Critical limb ischemia, an advanced form of peripheral artery disease, causes approximately 150,000 amputations per year in the US. Currently there are no medical or surgical interventions that are effective in the advanced stages of the disease. ERCs are cells taken from menstrual blood that are capable of forming into at least 9 different tissue types, including heart, liver and lung. Their discovery won the 'Medicine Research Award of the Year' award for BioMed Central's Research Awards in 2007.
Dr. Michael Murphy, a vascular surgeon from Indiana University and lead author of this study has already performed clinical trials with adult stem cells for patients with peripheral artery disease. He stated, "The advantage of ERCs is that they can be used in an 'off the shelf' manner, meaning they can be delivered to the point of care, do not require matching, and are easily injectable without the need for complex equipment."
The experiments were performed as a collaboration between University of Western Ontario, Scripps Research Institute, Indiana University, and several other academic centers. The ERC cell population is currently being developed by the US publicly traded company Medistem Inc, who supported these studies.
"We are proud of assembling such a strong, clinically experienced team to contribute to these studies" said Dr. Thomas Ichim, CEO of Medistem. "Dr. Ewa Carrier and Suman Kambhampati are hematologists who use stem cells on a regular basis, Dr. Angle is a vascular surgeon, who like Dr. Murphy sees CLI on a daily basis, and Dr. Amit Patel has performed numerous cardiac stem cell clinical trials. With such a team that understands not only the science, but also the practical implementation, we feel we are well positioned to translate this discovery into a practical therapy in the near future".
The Republic | azcentral.com Mon Jan 13, 2014 10:08 PM
Gov. Jan Brewer delivered what may have been her final State of the State address Monday, sounding at times nostalgic as she cataloged accomplishments from her five years in office but also surprising the joint session of the Legislature with bold proposals and reminding them, in a brief aside, that she has yet to decide whether this term will be her last.
Brewer recalled how the state, under her watch, had weathered a historic recession, coming back from a $3billion deficit, passed business-friendly legislation to make the state more competitive and expanded health care for the poor.
But after spending the first half of her address on the past, the Republican governor pivoted toward present problems and her goals for Arizona's future.
Brewer said her immediate focus is to transform the state's troubled child-welfare system and ensure abused and neglected children are not ignored.
Before walking into the chambers of the House of Representatives, Brewer signed an executive order to “abolish (Child Protective Services) as we know it.” She then proposed in her address an overhaul of CPS, removing it from the Department of Economic Security and replacing it with a stand-alone Cabinet-level agency that reports directly to her.
The announcement, which surprised Republicans and Democrats alike, comes as state officials continue to sift through more than 6,500 reports of abused and neglected children that were not investigated by CPS staff.
Brewer will need the Legislature's support to create a permanent stand-alone agency, but many lawmakers said they want more details before they support the plan.
Brewer's prepared remarks, provided to the media before her speech, did not include the announcement.
As Brewer embarks on what is expected to be her final hurrah as the state's 22nd governor, lawmakers and political observers said it was too early to tell how the child-welfare proposal could affect her legacy, which is dominated by her signature on immigration law Senate Bill 1070, her support of the temporary 1-cent-per-dollar sales tax and her Medicaid-expansion victory.
“If her solution ... works, I think that will be to her credit and she'll be remembered for it,” said David Berman, a senior research fellow at Arizona State University's Morrison Institute for Public Policy. “It will show her taking bold decisive action in a crisis situation, which is a sign of leadership.”
But, Berman added, “She, in a way, was responsible for the failure in the first place — it's rectifying a mismanagement problem that's been going on for quite some time.”
Brewer's chief of staff, Scott Smith, said the agency needs a “comprehensive overhaul” and “a new vision.”
“We all know this is an incredibly heavy lift and not something that's going to happen overnight,” Smith told The Arizona Republic.
During her 30-minute speech, Brewer also called on lawmakers to stabilize tuition for university students' four-year terms, saying families “are flat-out tired of unpredictable tuition hikes.”
Brewer said she will ask the Arizona Board of Regents, which governs the three state universities, to develop a plan and adopt a policy that “guarantees stable” in-state tuition levels for the four years it typically takes to graduate.
The governor also asked the Republican-controlled Legislature to fund what she called “an ambitious and historic education proposal” that links school funding to strides in student performance. Her proposal, Student Success Funding, modifies a plan she introduced last year to limited success.
By 2018, she said, three out of five jobs in Arizona will require post-secondary training.
“Our students must be better prepared for the challenging and competitive world they will soon enter,” Brewer said. “That means we stop funding the status quo and instead reward innovation and measured outcomes and fund the results we want.”
Under such a plan, students would be assigned a dollar amount based on their performance and improvement on state achievement tests. The higher a student's performance and the more growth a student shows, the more money a school district or charter would receive for that student. Rewards would be more heavily weighted toward underperforming students showing the greatest progress.
Underscoring the need to end human trafficking, Brewer called on lawmakers to strengthen laws to give prosecutors and law enforcement more tools, likening it to “modern-day slavery.” The governor said she will create a Human Trafficking Council to address the problem statewide. A policy paper says Brewer will launch a statewide public-awareness campaign “to create zero tolerance for this crime against humanity.”
“To all the victims of human trafficking out there: We have not forgotten you,” she said. “To the criminal traffickers, say: Your days are numbered.”
Brewer also proposed the elimination of a sales tax on manufacturers for power used to create products, saying the tax is a deterrent to new manufacturers.
She said state officials must address transportation, water and other infrastructure needs to remain competitive, create jobs and attract capital investment — hinting that she may later emphasize additional funding on those fronts. Brewer is expected to release her proposed budget on Friday.
In her address, the governor stressed the importance of the state's military bases, saying they contribute more than $9billion a year to the state's economy. She wants a plan to sustain the bases as the federal government contemplates base closures, and she called on lawmakers to renew legislative support for a fund to protect bases from encroaching private development.
House Speaker Andy Tobin said he was pleased with parts of Brewer's speech, including her plans for CPS and an economic package.
“We were hoping for a little more on forestry, and fire issues,” he said.”
Brewer mentioned the 19 Granite Mountain Hotshots who died June30 in the Yarnell Hill Fire — pausing for a moment of silence — but offered no prescriptions to address wildfires or train firefighters.
The governor's policy paper said her executive budget includes funding for “training and assistance to educate homeowners and communities about ‘Firewise' techniques; training for local wildland firefighters; and removal of hazardous vegetation.”
Tobin, who is running for Congress in northern Arizona, said he also would have liked to hear more support for community colleges and rural communities. Despite Brewer's touting Arizona's economic comeback, “rural Arizona is still struggling,” he said.
After the governor's speech, Democrats highlighted their priorities, some of which align with Brewer's. They also questioned the governor's rosy view of the state's economic condition.
House Minority Leader Chad Campbell, D-Phoenix, said Brewer oversold the state's economic position.
“I think there are some questions about the ‘great Arizona comeback,'” he said. “You look at our education system, you look at our state agencies, and I'm not convinced we're in as solid a position as Governor Brewer suggests.”
For example, he said, K-12 performance lags many other states, the tax system is not competitive despite recent policy changes, and unemployment remains high.
It is widely anticipated this will be Brewer's final legislative session, although she and one attorney maintain she may have a legitimate challenge to a provision in the state Constitution that limits governors to two terms. Brewer became governor after Gov. Janet Napolitano resigned. Brewer was elected to a full term in 2010.
She kept Monday's crowd guessing about her intentions.
“Great men and great women have walked these chambers, and graced these grounds with their honorable public service,” said Brewer, who has been an elected official for three decades. “We should aspire here to rank among the best of those. For this state was built by others before us, and eventually will be left to others who will follow.
“It is ours to love only for a time,” she said. “May we love it wisely, and lead it well. Ten years from now — whether I run again or not — I will be working in my garden, and will look back with pride.”
Republic reporters Mary Jo Pitzl and Alia Beard Rau contributed to this article.
Arika is best known for the Street Fighter EX series, but in recent years the studio has worked less on fighting games and more on puzzle and adventure titles. Today, however, it was revealed that Arika will show off its new project at EVO 2017, the big fighting game tournament.
Tournament organizer Joel Cuellar announced the news on Twitter, stating that the studio was bringing the game in a playable form. He provided no specifics about the title, but considering that it's coming to EVO, it's a safe bet that it'll be a fighting game.
Back on April Fool's Day, Arika shared a trailer of what many people initially thought was a joke, which you can watch above. The studio published a trailer showing an early prototype of a game that featured many characters from Street Fighter EX. Later on, it turned out that this was actually a real, playable prototype. "The fact that we hid that this was going to be the game played is the joke," a translated note from Arika said. There's no word yet on whether or not this will be the game shown at EVO.
The tournament takes place from July 14-16 in Las Vegas, and it showcases competitions between the best fighting game players in the world.
Nothing will ensure that the Democratic Party fails to recoup its losses under the Obama administration more than allowing Hillary Clinton to hijack and lead the resistance against Donald Trump. The Hill reported on June 4 that several Democratic leaders who supported Clinton during the election are encouraging her to lay low for awhile.
“When Al Gore lost the election, he went to Europe, gained weight and grew a beard. He walked away. And there's something to that,” Democratic strategist Jamal Simmons told The Hill. He added that if Hillary Clinton feels obligated to hash out her failed 2016 presidential bid, “It would be nice to hear a little more about the things she did wrong, which I believe mattered more than what she has discussed.”
Brad Bannon, another Democratic strategist, told The Hill, “Complaining about an outcome and blaming everyone else is not a good political strategy.” Several other Democrats, including former Obama aides, echoed similar sentiments in saying that her widely publicized interviews, in which she discusses little beyond excuses for why she lost, are undermining the Democratic Party's to recoup its losses.
Clinton lost to Trump because her campaign failed to convey a message that resonated with voters. Her post-election rhetoric resembles this failed strategy. She is focusing on her political opposition rather than on improving her own message and connecting with voters by developing policies and talking points that address their issues. However, Hillary Clinton and her blindly loyal supporters are too out of touch to figure this out.
Most voters don't like Hillary Clinton, so her presence at the forefront of the Democratic Party reinforces the worst images of Democrats. Her candidacy was a bad idea from the start. She insisted on running for president and freezing out other opponents while under an FBI investigation, giving ample amounts of political ammunition to Republicans to use against her. In 2016, voters were desperate for something different than the status quo, but Hillary Clinton embodied preserving it. Since her election loss, Clinton has directed her efforts at rehabilitating her public image, but her public relations campaign only further divides the Democratic Party and allows Republicans to brand their political opposition as the party of Hillary Clinton.
Progressives staunchly believe that Sen. Bernie Sanders would have been able to pull off a general election win, given the unpopularity of Donald Trump. They argue that the path to victory for the Democratic Party is embracing progressive values and Sanders' political revolution. Clinton and her loyal supporters have adamantly ignored discussing policy in favor of relying on anti-Trump sentiments to move the Democratic Party forward, and they undermine and subvert progressives at every turn. Whenever Clinton absorbs the public spotlight, her supporters argue that Sanders lost to Clinton and is too old to be the future of the Democratic Party. Both arguments reveal that they fail to comprehend why Sanders is the most popular politician in the United States while Hillary Clinton remains as unpopular as when she ran for president.
The Washington Post reported in June 2016 that more young people voted for Sanders than Trump and Clinton combined. Democrats desperately need these young voters if the party stands any chance for recovery. In 2018 and 2020, this demographic of young progressive voters will grow even larger, and Sanders' grassroots strategies have proven to be the most effective tool the Democratic Party has to turn out young voters and inspire enthusiasm among their support base. The only voters Hillary Clinton managed to inspire enthusiasm from were wealthy donors. The Democratic Party needs to decide whether they will continue to be a party that focuses on wealthy donors, corporate lobbyists and Super PACs, or if they will be overcome by the radical transformation of the Democratic Party that Bernie Sanders and his growing support base demand. The failure of the latter to occur within will likely result in the emergence of a viable progressive third party, just as it did in Sanders' home state of Vermont. Voters are becoming increasingly fed up with the lack of representation they are receiving from the current two party system.
Following up on a previous post about Command Injection Vulnerabilities, this post is going to look at File Access Vulnerabilities.
File Access vulnerabilities fall under the category of Insecure Direct Object Reference vulnerabilities in the OWASP top 10 lists. And for 2010 and 2013, Insecure Direct Object vulnerabilities were number 3 for both years. tada confetti_ball fireworks
What is a File Access Vulnerability?
A File Access vulnerability is when an attacker can use various calls to create, modify, or delete files on your server's file system or a remote file system (eg: S3) that they shouldn't have permission to modify. Here's an example of a call that would allow an attacker to link your database file into the public directory of a Rails server:
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 # http://domain.com?payload=config/database.yml payload = params [ :payload ] path = Rails . root . join ( payload ) id = SecureRandom . uuid File . link ( path , "public/ #{ id } " ) redirect_to "/ #{ id } "
While this example is contrived and code in the wild is not likely to look this obvious, the above is a perfect example of how this type of attack functions. The attacker is able to manipulate your code into linking (and therefore exposing) a file that you wouldn't want leaked.
Now the difficult thing is that there are an enormous number of methods that are vulnerable to File Access attacks. Pulling from the Brakeman source code, we can create a list of methods where a File Access vulnerability could occur:
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 60 61 62 63 64 65 66 67 68 69 70 71 72 73 74 75 76 77 78 79 80 81 82 83 84 85 86 87 88 89 90 91 92 93 94 95 96 97 98 99 100 101 102 103 104 105 106 107 108 109 # As of Oct 25, 2015 # From: https://github.com/presidentbeef/brakeman/blob/d2d49bd61f2d77919df17fd8dce6193cf1d1ada2/lib/brakeman/checks/check_file_access.rb#L11-L27 # Dir: Dir [] Dir . chdir Dir . chroot Dir . delete Dir . entries Dir . foreach Dir . glob Dir . new Dir . open Dir . rmdir Dir . unlink # File File . delete File . foreach File . lchmod File . lchown File . link File . new File . open File . read File . readlines File . rename File . symlink File . sysopen File . truncate File . unlink # FileUtils FileUtils . cd FileUtils . chdir FileUtils . chmod FileUtils . chmod_R FileUtils . chown FileUtils . chown_R FileUtils . cmp FileUtils . compare_file FileUtils . compare_stream FileUtils . copy FileUtils . copy_entry FileUtils . copy_file FileUtils . copy_stream FileUtils . cp FileUtils . cp_r FileUtils . getwd FileUtils . install FileUtils . link FileUtils . ln FileUtils . ln_s FileUtils . ln_sf FileUtils . makedirs FileUtils . mkdir FileUtils . mkdir_p FileUtils . mkpath FileUtils . move FileUtils . mv FileUtils . pwd FileUtils . remove FileUtils . remove_dir FileUtils . remove_entry FileUtils . remove_entry_secure FileUtils . remove_file FileUtils . rm FileUtils . rm_f FileUtils . rm_r FileUtils . rm_rf FileUtils . rmdir FileUtils . rmtree FileUtils . safe_unlink FileUtils . symlink FileUtils . touch # IO IO . foreach IO . new IO . open IO . read IO . readlines IO . sysopen # Kernel Kernel . load Kernel . open Kernel . readlines # Net::FTP Net : :FTP . new Net : :FTP . open # Net::HTTP Net : :HTTP . new # PStore PStore . new # Pathname Pathname . glob Pathname . new # Shell Shell . new # YAML YAML . load_file YAML . parse_file
That's a nasty long list. And what it means is when you make one of these calls, if you're using input a user controls then they can attack your system!
One of the things to note about the above list is that you're never going to find methods like .foreach or .sysopen in the File docs. This is because File inherits from IO . What you need to recognize, is that if you've created any special classes that inherit from File , IO , YAML , etc. in your app, those won't get caught by Brakeman!
To top it all off, there are numerous different types of attacks that could be performed. They're all dangerous and slightly different:
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Filling up disk space: FileUtils.copy, FileUtils.cp, File.new, IO.new, PStore.new Move a file to a downloadable location: File.rename, FileUtils.move Linking a file to a downloadable location: File.link, File.symlink, FileUtils.link, FileUtils.ln Bricking your server (DoS): Dir.delete, FileUtils.rm Changing permissions to directories (DoS): File.chmod, File.chown, FileUtils.chmod, FileUtils.chown Renaming key files: File.rename, FileUtils.move, FileUtils.mv Leaking paths: FileUtils.pwd Downloading malicious files onto your server: Net::FTP.new, Net::HTTP.new Launch an attack against another website: Net::FTP.new, Net::HTTP.new
Some are more harmful than others and typically an attacker is going to leverage one or more of these vulnerabilities to escalate their privileges to own your system. From wikipedia:
Privilege escalation is the act of exploiting a bug, design flaw or configuration oversight in an operating system or software application to gain elevated access to resources that are normally protected from an application or user.
How do you Fix File Access Vulnerabilities?
The best technique for preventing File Access vulnerabilities is not allowing them to happen in the first place and avoiding unnecessary system level operations.
Thanks Captain Obvious! facepalm
While that advice is correct, it's not necessarily good or helpful, so let's look at the techniques you can use to keep File Access attacks from happening when you do need to work with your system.
Restriction via Identifier
The first way to do that is by using an identifier to refer to files on disk. This identifier will take the form of an id, hash, or GUID.
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 # HTML < select name = "file_guid" > < option value = "690e1597-de8d-4912-ac04-d0e626f806f4" > file1 . log < /option> <option value="2e157fa3-ea1e-4b46-931e-c0f8b10bfcb2">file2.log</o ption > < option value = "fffb938b-07bc-472c-a48f-383123a9f04d" > file3 . log < /option> </se lect > # Controller download = FileDownload . find_by ( file_guid : params [ :file_guid ] ) send_file ( download . path , filename : download . name , type : "text/plain" )
Notice in the above code that a GUID is used as the value that gets submitted to the server, and not the actual file name. This makes it impossible for an attacker to download a file they're not allowed to, and also keeps you safe from any manipulation of the file name or path. This technique will work for moving, deleting, renaming, and sending files as long as you know files names and paths ahead of time. It is the best way to secure your app.
Partial Restriction
Ideally you wouldn't have to resort to any other techniques for protection, however the real world is a bit messier. And sometimes you don't have all the information you need in order to use an identifier. In cases like this you want to “sandbox” your users as much as possible by limiting access within the file system:
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 # HTML < select name = "file_name" > < option value = "file1.log" > file1 . log < /option> <option value="file2.log">file2.log</o ption > < option value = "file3.log" > file3 . log < /option> </se lect > # Controller file_name = sanitize ( params [ :file_name ] ) # if possible current_user.download_directory should be an identifier # and controlled 100% by the server. download_path = "downloads/ #{ current_user . download_directory } / #{ file_name } " if File . exists? ( download_path ) send_file download_path , filename : file_name , type : "text/plain" else # return an error message end
Here you can use a sanitize function to clear params[:file_name] of any dangerous characters. In this way you're accessing the file system in a controlled manner.
Filtered Restriction
The next technique to limit file access trouble is by restricting to specific file types. Here you want to whitelist the types of files that a user can access, such as only .pdf files on the server:
1 2 3 4 5 6 payload = sanitize ( params [ :filename ] ) if payload =~ /.pdf$/ send_file ( "downloads/ #{ payload } " , filename : 'report.pdf' , type : "application/pdf" ) else raise "Unknown file format requested" end
This is a line of defense that makes sure that you're not leaking any sensitive information like a database.yml file. And again make sure to use a sanitize function!
The place you have to be careful here is that whitelisted file extensions can be exploited if an attacker is able to move or rename files. Specifically if they are able to add a .pdf extension to database.yml then they're able to download the database.yml.pdf file. That's where multiple vulnerabilities come in as mentioned before. An attacker uses one File Access vulnerability to rename the file, and another to download it.
Store User Files on a Different Server
These days disk space is cheap. One great way to avoid opening your web server up to compromise is to limit data stored on the system. This means leveraging tools like Amazon S3, or DreamHost's Dream Objects to store user files, generated reports, etc. on a server that is loosely coupled to your app.
As I mentioned in the opening paragraph of this post, you can still shoot yourself in the foot and have an attacker gain access to files they shouldn't with external storage. Storing your files externally simply separates systems (called a boundary) so that a compromise of your data storage system, doesn't also compromise your web server.
The added benefit of storing data on other servers is that it will help you scale the load your servers can handle and can reduce processing cycles for those files.
Use an Intermediary
One of the great tools to come out of the “dev ops revolution” is Chef. I use Chef on a regular basis and within the apps that I develop our team uses Chef to manage server configurations. With Chef you can create a boundary between your Ruby/Rails app and your configuration code. Then when you're passing information between the web app and chef you can ask yourself: “Is this data dangerous?” It's a subtle distinction and if you're doing enough system calls it's worth the investment.
But before you jump on the Chef bandwagon, having an intermediary isn't going to solve the File Access problem. At the end of the day you're going to need to pay attention to what you're doing. The nice bit about Chef is that you can come up with ground rules on your team like:
No system calls in main app, only in Chef
Heavily sanitized user input, used sparingly in Chef
Code Review by two or more people for Chef changes
Quarterly review of chef code for vulnerabilities
You get the idea, create a separation of concerns between safe code and hazardous code!
Use Dangerous Methods Sparingly
There's a good chance that a lot of the methods listed above won't be useful for you. And really that's the best case scenario. At the end of the day, not using a dangerous method is the #1 technique for keeping your app safe.
When you're being asked to implement the amazing new feature that involves file access, you can provide constructive feedback on potential harms that these types of features can bring to the table.
Citing efforts to protect the state's military installations, a newly filed bill in the North Carolina Senate is seeking a temporary moratorium on the construction of new wind projects.
The Military Operations Protection Act of 2017 – sponsored by Sens. Harry Brown, R-Onslow; Louis Pate, R-Wayne; and Norman Sanderson, R-Pamlico – calls for an independent, data-driven study of the extent and scope of the state's military operations, as well as the impact that building wind turbines could have on them.
The bill would pause permits for new wind facilities while the study is conducted – what Brown calls a “prudent step” to ensure there are no conflicts with existing installations before additional projects are developed.
The bill, filed on March 21, is described as follows:
“An act to impose a temporary moratorium on the consideration of permit applications and issuance of permits for the construction of new onshore and offshore wind energy facilities and direct a study of geospatial, temporal and other data to understand the extent and scope of military operations in this state with respect to energy infrastructure.”
Specifically, the legislation states that neither the Department of Environmental Quality nor the Coastal Resources Commission should issue permits for a new wind project or a wind project expansion from Jan. 1, 2017, to Dec. 31, 2020.
According to a press release from Brown, North Carolina, which is home to six major Department of Defense installations, has the third-largest military population in the U.S.
Brown also notes that the state provides “generous, taxpayer-subsidized incentives” to the renewable energy industry.
For years, according to Brown, lawmakers have heard concerns that military flight routes could be compromised by tall structures – including wind turbines – which could endanger paratroopers and pilots and interfere with aircraft radar systems, training routes and patterns. North Carolina's military installations are heavily dependent on air missions, and failing to act could harm their viability and standing as they are considered in future Base Realignment and Closure Commission discussions, the senator says.
“Our military installations have been the cornerstones of our communities for generations, and they provide jobs to countless North Carolinians who are proud and privileged to support them,” says Brown. “It's unfortunate that taxpayer-subsidized incentives to the renewable energy industry are resulting in higher energy costs to North Carolina consumers, but at the end of the day, this bill isn't about the merits – or lack thereof – in subsidizing wind energy. It is about our responsibility to protect the investment the U.S. military has made in our state and honor our commitment to being the most military-friendly state in the country.”
North Carolina's first commercial-scale wind project, Amazon Wind Farm US East, just reached commercial operations last month. Powered by Avangrid Renewables, the 208 MW facility is expected to produce enough energy to power the equivalent of approximately 61,000 U.S. homes each year. On the offshore wind side, Avangrid Renewables recently won a $9 million federal auction to construct a project off Kitty Hawk, N.C.
The California labor commission has ruled that an Uber driver qualifies as an employee, not a contractor, of the company. As a result Uber will have to reimburse a driver for expenses accumulated in the line of duty. That includes $256 in tolls and the IRS rate of $0.56 per mile for use of a personal vehicle for business purposes. But the total award of $4,152.20 is not what scares the company, that's pocket change seeing as how it was recently valued at roughly $50 billion. No, the king of cars-for-hire is afraid of the broader implications. If their current network of over one million drivers suddenly became employees, running the business could get a lot more expensive. For one, companies need to pay social security, payroll and medicare taxes for their employees. And it could have implications for the expectation of health or retirement benefits and even leave Uber vulnerable to renewed pressure from taxi unions.
Of course, Uber is appealing the ruling and could keep this issue tied up in court for sometime. Plus, this ruling only applies in California for the time being, but it could be an omen of more trouble waiting on the horizon.
[image credit: AP Photo/Eric Risberg]
How Long Should We Watch Intracerebral Hemorrhage?
Patients with traumatic brain injury (TBI) severe enough to cause bleeding are usually admitted to the hospital for observation and in many cases, repeat CT scanning. Those with small intracranial hemorrhages (ICH) may experience progression of the bleeding, and a small percentage of cases may need operative intervention (1-3%). Questions we typically face are, how long should we watch for progression, and how often should we scan?
A retrospective cohort study was carried out at UMD-NJ, looking for answers for a specific subset of these patients. Specifically, they had to have a mild blunt TBI (loss of consciousness and/or retrograde amnesia, GCS in the ED of 13-15) and a positive head CT. They classified any type of hemorrhage into or around the brain as positive.
During a 3 year period, 474 adults were enrolled but only 341 were eligible for the study. They were excluded due to previous injury, presence of a mass (not trauma), need for immediate neurosurgical intervention, or failure to get a second CT scan. The authors found:
7% of patients were taking anticoagulants! This is surprisingly high. Interestingly, 15 were subtherapeutic, 3 were therapeutic and 2 were supratherapeutic.
This is surprisingly high. Interestingly, 15 were subtherapeutic, 3 were therapeutic and 2 were supratherapeutic. Subarachnoid hemorrhage was the most common finding on CT (54%). Intraparenchymal hemorrhage was next most common (48%) Many patients had more than one type of bleed.
Intraparenchymal hemorrhage was next most common (48%) Many patients had more than one type of bleed. The injury worsened between the first and second scans in 31% of patients. This number increased to 46% in patients taking anticoagulants.
This number increased to 46% in patients taking anticoagulants. About 97% of bleeds stopped progressing by 24 hrs post-injury.
Bottom line: Most centers are probably overdoing the observation and repeat scan thing. More than two thirds of bleeds are stable by the first scan (first and second scans identical), and nearly all stop progressing within 24 hours. It's very likely that patients who are not on anticoagulants and who have a stable neuro exam and stable symptoms can get just one scan and 24 hours of observation. Persistent headache, nausea, failure to ambulate well, or other symptoms warrant a repeat scan and longer observation.
Related posts:
Reference: The temporal course of intracranial haemorrhage progression: How long is observation necessary? Injury 43(12):2122-2125, 2012.
Friends, we live in a dark, uncertain world. War, famine, prejudice, disease—sometimes the swirling tide of confusion is so strong that we fear we may be washed away entirely. And that's why Jezebel is passionately committed to chipping away at life's toughest and most overwhelming questions. Why are we here? Who, in our society, should be the arbiter of right and wrong? Why is space so big? And, of course, which sarcastic anthropomorphic turtle-child do you most want to have intercourse with!?
That's right. It's Fuck/Marry/Kill: The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles edition. LEEEEEET'S GOOOOOOOOO!!!
Advertisement
Leonardo
Advertisement
The case for fuck: Leonardo is obviously the hottest, uh, turtle thingy. He's the leader, which means he's confident, powerful, and cool under pressure, even when battling an evil pink space-brain that rides around in the body cavity of a large bald goon. (Come on, ladies, don't TELL me that's not on your list of turn-ons.) He's also the oldest of the four, so, silver fox-turtle, I guess? Leonardo would probably be a thoughtful and libidinous lover, but would never overstay his welcome or get clingy. Turtle business, you know.
The case for marry: Oh, total wedding-bells material. 'Nardo's got ambition, drive, job security, and the kind of long-term stability that's sure to keep steaming hot pizza on your family's dinner table every fucking goddamn fucking night until you fucking die. Pizza, pizza, pizza. You love it. Eat it.
The case for kill: Come on. Dude's kind of snooze. Really? Your weapon is some swords? Were they out of library books and sleeping pills?
Advertisement
The verdict: Marry. Your grandma would approve. (Once she stopped screaming like a fucking maniac because of the TALKING TURTLE-MONSTER YOU BROUGHT TO THANKSGIVING, I mean.)
Donatello
Advertisement
The case for fuck: The thing that you have to understand about Donatello is that he does machines. So, yeah, he's kind of a dork, but he's also the least brutish of the turtles—a gentle, cerebral, intellectual partner who always makes pleasuring you with his weird, three-pronged turtle-hand his top priority. The other turtles want to fuck. Donatello wants to make love. Also you should see the stuff he can do with a bo staff (mainly just stick it in there, tbh).
The case for marry: Once fighting Foot-crime stops being a viable career, he could get a job at Boeing or something. Then at least you guys would have a nice pension to fall back on, and maybe you could upgrade to a 2-bedroom fetid sewer for your twilight years. Donatello seems open-minded enough that you might be able to convince him to eat foods other than pizza a couple times a month. Plus, he'd be super handy around the house, in case you needed to fix the boiler or fight off a marauding bipedal sunglasses-pig. And if you suddenly found yourself marooned inside the 1989 TMNT NES game, Donatello is obviously the best, because BO STAFF, so don't argue with me.
The case for kill: Blah blah blah blah blah blah gadgets blah blah turtle science blah blah blah blah blah blah interface microchip fart.
Advertisement
The verdict: Fuck. BO STAFF.
Raphael
Advertisement
The case for fuck: Raphael is cool, but you should keep in mind that he is also rude. That combo's a classic panty reptilian-cloaca-flap-dropper. He's got the bad-boy allure of a Jordan Catalano and the sarcasm of a Seth Cohen. HOT. (EXCEPT FOR THE PART WHERE HE'S LITERALLY A GIANT TURTLE.)
The case for marry: He's in touch with his emotions, unafraid to be vulnerable, and always looking to squeeze as much adventure out of life as he can. Raphael is fun and spontaneous, so at any moment he might surprise you with a trip to [the sewers of] Spain or an irritating temper tantrum about pizza. Despite his rebellious streak, he's fiercely loyal, so you can rest assured that after he impregnates you with his foul seed and you plop out a clutch of slimy turtle eggs, he'll be an attentive and loving father.
The case for kill: Ugh, Raphael is a total aggro butthead.
The verdict: Fuck. Were you not listening? It's Jordan Catalano meets Seth Cohen. (Meets a giant turtle. Yeah. I remember. Thanks for pooping all over my special moment.)
Advertisement
Michelangelo
Advertisement
The case for fuck: Michelangelo is a party dude—he's basically Spicoli with a shell. Not incredibly sexy, but you know what? I bet he'd be one of those dudes whoare just super genuinely stoked about every part of you all the time. Like, "Whooooaahhh, dude, your butt is AWESOME!!!"
The case for marry: Michelangelo's a laid-back, upbeat kinda guy—not a sourpuss like Raphael or a goody-two-shoes like Leonardo. He's funny, he knows how to relax, and he has a refreshingly unstudied openness about him. I'm thinking, like, Andy from Parks & Rec. Or an idiot baby turtle that accidentally learned to talk using magic.
The case for kill: ANNOYING AS FUCK.
The verdict: Kill. Annoying as fuck.
April O'Neil
Advertisement
The case for fuck: Oh, what's the strongest case for picking April O'Neil over any of the other characters regardless of their personality traits, quirks, and ambitions? How about because sexual contact with her is NEITHER BESTIALITY NOR STATUTORY RAPE.
The case for marry: TWO HUMANS. TWO ADULT HUMAN BEINGS. Also she doesn't live in the sewer. (And the jumpsuit is rad.)
The case for kill: I'm not killing April O'Neil and you can't make me. She's a badass feminist icon, plus she's my only chance to get out of this debacle not married to some hideous progeny of man, beast, and ooze.
Advertisement
The verdict: Marry. Duh. Everyone else is a turtle. (Except this next guy!)
Splinter
Advertisement
The case for fuck: Splinter knows the secret of your ooze.
The case for marry: Unlimited cheese.
The case for kill: IT'S AN ENORMOUS ELDERLY MAN-RAT.
The verdict: Kill. Kill. Kill! KILL IT! KILL!!!!!!!
Final verdict:
Fuck: Donatello, Raphael
Marry: Leonardo, April O'Neil
Kill: Michelangelo, Splinter
Advertisement
Glad we had this talk, y'all.
They are exactly where they wanted to be. Never mind the incredible summer-like spring in Vancouver, where it hasn't really rained for two months: This place is home for Canada's women's soccer team.
The mood was bright on arrival by private charter – Flair Air – midafternoon on Tuesday. The team, having scraped out a draw in Montreal on Monday night against the Netherlands, secured first place in the World Cup's Group A despite a middling record – one win and two draws in three matches.
Winning the group made Canada's path into the tournament much easier. Had it finished second in Group A, it might have faced an epic road trip through Edmonton, Ottawa and Montreal. Instead, the Canadians play their Round of 16 match on Sunday in Vancouver and, if successful, their quarter-final in Vancouver and the semi-finals in Edmonton on Canada Day before, if it all comes together, the final July 5 in Vancouver.
Story continues below advertisement
The Vancouver region is home for some team members, starting with team captain Christine Sinclair, who grew up in the suburbs, and coach John Herdman, an Englishman who settled here when he took the job after coaching New Zealand. But the city has been the training base for the team for much of the past two years, home to crucial infrastructure – the Fortius Sport & Health centre in the suburbs – and specialized staff.
"We're comfortable here," Sinclair said. "Hopefully, we can sell out the place and make it as loud as Montreal was. That was an incredible crowd to play in front of."
There were 45,420 at Olympic Stadium in Montreal and, on Tuesday night in Vancouver, roughly 50,000 were expected to pack into BC Place for the United States versus Nigeria, a rocking crowd of mostly Americans. More than 40,000 tickets have been sold for Canada's game on Sunday, against an opponent yet to be determined. A rush of 4,000 tickets were sold after Canada won Group A.
Canada's play in the World Cup has underwhelmed so far and prognosticators doubt the team has what it takes to get deep into the tournament.
Home-field advantage, at BC Place and Vancouver in general, bolsters Canada's chances. The Dutch data consultancy Infostrata Sports predicted before the tournament that if Canada won Group A, it could scrape its way to the final against Germany. Data analytics site fivethirtyeight.com calculated Canada, ranked No. 8 in the world, had a 75-per-cent chance to make the quarter-finals, a 43-per-cent shot at the semis and 20-per-cent odds to get to the final.
At the London 2012 Olympics, Canada was hardly a juggernaut in the round-robin phase and started to play its best only when it counted the most.
"It's high right now," defender Kadeisha Buchanan said of the team's confidence. The 19-year-old has played a crucial role for Canada and is among the top players in the tournament. "Everything has worked out so far."
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
During Sinclair's short scrum with a dozen reporters, backup goalkeeper Karina LeBlanc filmed the scene. After the questions concluded, Sinclair and LeBlanc embraced and LeBlanc exclaimed: "We're home. Yay!" Sinclair then took the GoPro and playfully filmed LeBlanc's scrum. Like Sinclair, LeBlanc is a local, having grown up in the Fraser Valley.
Big questions remain, starting with Sinclair, who turned 32 last week. She has not been the force she once was, and without her production there's a big hole on a team that already struggled to score goals. Canada only scored twice in three games in the round robin and one was on a penalty kick. The team's defence and goalkeeping has been essential, ceding only one goal.
"Everyone's uplifted," Herdman said on arrival. He spoke of the smell of the rich sea air. "I feel" – he luxuriously exhaled – "really refreshed. Your plans start to come to fruition."
With roughly a hundred different figures in Kenner's vintage Star Wars collection, it was only natural that they'd release a few action figure carrying cases.
The most functional of them looked like little briefcases, containing simple plastic trays to hold all of your Lukes and Leias. A step beyond those were cases shaped like the busts of Darth Vader and C-3PO, which flipped open to reveal storage space for up to 40-Star Wars figures.
…and then we had this one. The Chewbacca Bandolier Strap. Wwwah rroooaaah wha?
It didn't hold nearly as many figures as the traditional cases, nor was it very good at “protecting” anything. In truth, those aspects were immaterial. Kids didn't want this thing because it kept their collections tidy. They wanted it because it made them look like Chewbacca.
Released in 1983, the costume strap looked negotiably like the one Chewbacca wears in every Star Wars movie. While I presume that Chewbacca's held ammunition, the toy version was constructed to hold action figures.
With only ten “slots,” kids had to be really careful about their selections. Many fans had dozens of Star Wars figures, so filling up the bandolier was one way to determine which were truly their favorites. (Boba Fett was a shoo-in, but I doubt that guys like Nikto or the Cloud Car Pilot too often made the cut!)
In a neat touch, the toy also came with two blue boxes which snapped open to hold all of your figures' weapons and accessories. (Assuming you hadn't already lost them. Those guns were tiny!)
As cool as the Chewbacca Bandolier Strap was, I can't call it a must-have for collectors. The dark foam that kept the action figures in place ages notoriously poorly. Even if you pull the toy from a factory sealed box, it'll quite likely still disintegrate to the touch. (For that reason, it can be difficult to find a loose specimen that doesn't look like it's been run through the world's harshest washing machine ten times.)
But man, in its day, this thing was just boss. Remember all of those depressingly boring trips you had to take with your parents? The Chewbacca Bandolier Strap was a lifesaver! It didn't matter if Grandma had no television, because now you were armed with 10 of your favorite Star Wars figures. In an era long before iPhones and Nintendo 3DSes, that meant so much.
The fact that you got to look like a cross between Chewbacca and Aisle 6 at Toys “R” Us was just a bonus, baby.
If you're in the market for a Chewbacca Bandolier Strap, loose examples can be found for as low as $10. If you want it with the box, it'll be closer to $20. Only factory sealed specimens in well-kept boxes go for much more, though I'll remind you that even those don't come with any “good foam” guarantees.
PS: Don't try to fit a Gamorrean Guard on this thing.
I guess it takes a Star Wars fan to find this fashionable, but yes, we totally did!
Matt collects things that are hazardous to his health. See more of his collection on Dinosaur Dracula,Twitter, and Facebook!
“Trump on the verge of presidency, world in shock,” Alex Jones read to his viewers on YouTube. It was a headline from The Drudge Report. In a stunning upset, the presidency was about to be called for Donald Trump.
Minutes beforehand, as Fox News called Wisconsin for Donald Trump, Jones was in the midst of an elongated commercial break for supplements that promised to make him “more crazed” and gave him “more energy.”
Jones and his website, Infowars, spent the days before the election posting articles with headlines like “Hillary ‘Regularly' Attended Witch's Church” and subheadlines like “Hillary linked to child sex ring, emails suggest.”
But on Tuesday night, by 11 p.m., flanked by Trump political operative Roger Stone on his webcast, Jones and his fellow alt-right leaders were claiming total victory.
“For me, it's better ecstasy than bagging the prom queen. It's so ethereal I can't believe that Trump is tuned into reality,” he said. “Trump's tuned into America. His sons are tuned into America. They're retweeting us every day.”
David Duke, the former leader of the Ku Klux Klan, claimed the victory on behalf of America's white supremacists. “This is one of the most exciting nights of my life - make no mistake about it, our people have played a HUGE role in electing Trump!” he wrote on Twitter. “GOD BLESS DONALD TRUMP! It's time to do the right thing, it's time to TAKE AMERICA BACK!!!”
Richard B. Spencer, a white nationalist who refers to himself as the “Karl Marx of the alt-right” and has called for “peaceful ethnic cleansing” for a “white homeland,” rejoiced on Twitter shortly after midnight.
“The Alt-Right has been declared the winner. The Alt-Right is more deeply connected to Trumpian populism than the ‘conservative movement,'” he tweeted. “We're the establishment now.”
Shortly after the AP called Pennsylvania for Donald Trump at 1:40 Wednesday morning, the top post on all of Reddit—the eighth-most-visited website in the United States—was a submission from Trump's subreddit.
“IMMINENT VICTORY THREAD,” it read. “THIS IS NOT A DRILL. WE ARE ACTUALLY GOING TO WIN THIS. SJWs (social justice warriors), SUCK OUR DICK.”
As results poured in on Infowars' early YouTube telecast, the conversation tended to the standard gripes of Infowars talkers—about a government so intrusive, as one host said, it “gives us anal exams at the airport.”
But over the course of the night, the mood became slightly jubilant, if unsurprised. Stone, as he said repeatedly, knew Trump would win all along.
At about 1 a.m., Stone and Jones began commenting on pool footage of disappointed Hillary Clinton fans at the Democratic nominee's Election Night party, waiting for the candidate's concession speech.
“Right now, you've gotta start thinking Bill's thinking about what prison's gonna be like,” said Stone.
Stone and Jones began drafting up a Cabinet. Republican Sen. Jeff Sessions will be a great secretary of defense, Stone said.
“They admit [Trump] doesn't listen to many people. He admits: He listens to you [Stone], he listened to me a few times,” said Jones. “He listens to us. Why does that scare them?”
Historic signage in Grdina Park, just south of the site of the LNG tank farm.
The Cleveland East Ohio Gas Explosion occurred on the afternoon of Friday, October 20, 1944. The resulting gas leak, explosion and fires killed 130 people and destroyed a one square mile area on Cleveland, Ohio's east side.
The disaster [ edit ]
At 2:30 p.m. on the afternoon of Friday, October 20, 1944, above ground storage tank number 4, holding liquefied natural gas in the East Ohio Gas Company's tank farm, began to emit a vapor that poured from a seam on the side of the tank. The tank was located near Lake Erie on East 61st Street, and winds from the lake pushed the vapor into a mixed use section of Cleveland, where it dropped into the sewer lines via the catch basins located in the street gutters.[clarification needed]
As the gas mixture flowed and mixed with air and sewer gas, the mixture ignited. In the ensuing explosion, manhole covers launched skyward as jets of fire erupted from depths of the sewer lines. One manhole cover was found several miles east in the Cleveland neighborhood of Glenville.
At first it was thought that the disaster was contained, and spectators returned home thinking that the matter was being taken care of by the fire department. At 3:00 p.m., a second above-ground tank exploded, leveling the tank farm.
However, the explosions and fires continued to occur, trapping many who had returned to what they thought was the safety of their own homes. Housewives who were at home suddenly found their homes engulfed in flame as the explosion traveled through the sewers and up through drains. The following day, Associated Press wire stories contained quotes from survivors, many of whom were at home cleaning in preparation for the coming Sabbath. Survivors said that within a split second after the explosion, their homes and clothes were on fire.
Cuyahoga County Coroner Dr. Samuel Gerber estimated that the initial death toll stood at 200; however, Gerber was quoted in newspaper wire stories stating the magnitude of the fire and the intense temperatures had the power to vaporize human flesh and bone, making an exact count impossible until weeks after the disaster. The final death toll was lower than the coroner's initial estimates.
The toll could have been significantly higher had the event occurred after local schools had let out and working parents returned to their homes for the evening. In all over 600 people were left homeless, and seventy homes, two factories, numerous cars and miles of underground infrastructure destroyed.
Following the explosions and fires, East Ohio Gas worked to assure the public that the destroyed plant held only 24 hours worth of gas for the city. Many families living in the area not only lost their homes, but stocks, bonds and cash, which many kept at home. Estimates for destroyed personal and industrial property ranged between $7 to $15 million.
The explosion also had a long range impact on the natural gas industry. Until the disaster, above ground storage of natural gas, used as fuel for homes, office buildings and factories, was a common sight in cities across America. Following the disaster, utility companies and communities began to rethink their natural gas storage systems, and below ground storage of natural gas grew in popularity.
The disaster plays a major role in Don Robertson's 1965 novel "The Greatest Thing Since Sliced Bread" and also in Sebastian Barry's novel On Canaan's Side published in 2011.
The East Ohio Gas Explosion is calculated to equal to a 2.43 kt TNT explosion or 1/6 of the Hiroshima Atomic Bomb.[citation needed]
References [ edit ]
Coordinates:
By submitting this form, you are agreeing to the following terms and conditions:
"This Agreement sets forth the terms and conditions you agree to by submitting a suggestion through the Suggestion Box on Ben & Jerry's web site. We set up this form to allow the many consumers like yourself to submit suggestions to us. This Agreement is intended to avoid misunderstandings. Please read and consider the terms of this Agreement carefully before deciding whether or not to submit your suggestion. Ben & Jerry's will not review or consider a suggestion from you unless you have agreed to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
Most of the ideas which are new and useful to us come from people who work at Ben & Jerry's. Many outside suggestions are already known or available to us, are in our files for future use or development, or have already been tried or exhausted. However, if you have a strikingly new, unusual or different idea, we want to hear about it!
Your suggestion submitted through this form will go into our ever growing Random Genius Ideas Database. This database is reviewed from time to time by Ben & Jerry's staff. If we decide to use an idea submitted by you, we may, but are not obligated to, provide you with a prize or nominal award for your suggestion, such as public recognition, free ice cream or other stuff. Any prize or award for an idea used by Ben & Jerry's shall be given solely at Ben & Jerry's discretion.
In addition to the other terms and conditions of this Policy and Agreement, by submitting a suggestion to Ben & Jerry's, you represent and agree as follows:
Anything you submit to us through the Suggestion Box that is used by Ben & Jerry's shall be owned by Ben & Jerry's.
Anything you submit to us through the Suggestion Box is not confidential and Ben & Jerry's has no duty or obligation to hold it in confidence.
You are not aware that your suggestion is owned or claimed to be owned by a third party or that it infringes the patent, copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights of another.
You are not an employee of Ben & Jerry's. Employees of Ben & Jerry's are not eligible to submit suggestions pursuant to this Agreement and Policy.
Although Ben & Jerry's may, from time to time, provide a prize or award for useful suggestions, it does so in its sole discretion and is not required to do so.
Any award or prize given to you by Ben & Jerry's is accepted by you in full consideration of your suggestion.
You do not rely on, in submitting your suggestion, on any expectation, understanding, prior communication, or contract you believe is implied, and you understand that only the terms written in this Agreement apply to your submission of your suggestion.
You are at least eighteen (18) years of age.
To the extent the terms of Ben & Jerry's general web site Privacy Statement, Terms of Use, and/or any other statements, policies or agreements applicable to the use of Ben & Jerry's web site in general, shall differ from the terms of this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall apply and shall be controlling.
We encourage you to seek any legal protection of your suggestion that may be available (such as patent, copyright, trademark or other intellectual property protection) before you submit your suggestion to us, or to anyone else. We urge you to consult with an attorney if you are unsure of whether, or how, your suggestion may be protected by law, and before submitting any suggestion for which compensation is sought or for which you seek to submit on terms or conditions other than those stated in this Agreement.
This Agreement is entered into in the State of Vermont. It, and any dispute arising under or in connection with it, shall be interpreted under the laws of the State of Vermont (not including conflicts of laws provisions), and, regardless of where you live, you agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts of the State of Vermont. No joint venture, partnership, agency, or employment relationship exists between Ben & Jerry's and you by virtue of your submitting a suggestion and entering into this Agreement."
Protesting Belgian farmers sprayed some 40,000L of milk over the building beside where today's Council of Agriculture Ministers convened today in the Place de l'Europe in Luxembourg.
EU Ministers for Agriculture, including Ireland's Minister Michael Creed, met today in Luxembourg where they discussed the crisis gripping the agriculture sector.
However, farmers also arrived in the city with over 30 tractors in tow to protest against the low prices they are receiving for their milk.
Maarten Froger, a spokesperson for the Netherlands to the European Union, tweeted this photo of one of the tankers used to spill milk at the protest.
Johanna K, a Finnish worker in Brussels, captured the minute one tanker let loose, with a tweet as the tankers sprayed milk on the buildings.
Advertisement
In Luxembourg farmers protest while EU ministers discuss the agrimarket crisis pic.twitter.com/mvMpOdLOqw — Johanna K (@MariaJohannaK) June 27, 2016
At today's meeting of ministers, the Commissioner for Agriculture, Phil Hogan was asked to come up with another financial package to help farmers in the face of ongoing volatility in the dairy and other markets.
Ministers hope the package can be financed from existing EU funds but it is understood that a number of Member States indicated that they are willing to use the Crisis Reserve should it be necessary.
Such a move would be politically sensitive in my EU countries as it would involve a reduction in the EU payments of all farmers.
The Minister for Agriculture, Food and the Marine, Michael Creed has called for maximum flexibility for member states, including Ireland, to be factored into the package.
It comes as pressure mounts from a significant number of Member States that any further aid package from the Commission would be coupled with milk production cuts.
It is understood that the new package which will be on the table at the next Council meeting in July will include measures to reduce milk production across Europe.
March 2, 2017 Halifax: Nova Scotia Launches International Seafood Brand
Nova Scotia Seafood exporters in the province have a new brand, Nova Scotia Seafood, to promote products in international markets.
Establishing an effective seafood brand will help give Nova Scotia a competitive advantage in those key global markets and will also help communicate Nova Scotia's key attributes – exceptional taste and premium quality.
Fisheries and Aquaculture Minister Keith Colwell showcased the new seafood brand today, March 2, at Halifax Stanfield International Airport, where a large amount of Nova Scotia's exports depart for the international marketplace.
"Nova Scotia seafood is a premium product and we want to share it with the world," said Mr. Colwell. "The international seafood brand we've developed will give the province and industry tools to deliver that message in key markets and help to continue increasing the value of our exports."
For the second year in a row, Nova Scotia was Canada's leading exporter of seafood in 2016, with $1.8 billion worth of products sold to international markets. The export total is on track to meet the One Nova Scotia report's goal of doubling seafood exports within 10 years.
The United States remained Nova Scotia's largest seafood export market in 2016 at $1 billion. China came in second at $255 million and the European Union came in third with $204 million worth of seafood exports.
The brand package, which includes a logo, images, signs, videos and a website will raise awareness and help increase the value of Nova Scotia seafood in international markets.
"It's refreshing to see a brand that rises above the typical images associated with the Nova Scotia fishing industry," said Kerry Cunningham, Seastar Seafoods. "This forward looking brand will work well to promote our province's biggest export."
The new brand will be the main focus of the province's presence later this month in Boston at Seafood Expo North America, the largest seafood show in North America. To see the brand information go to www.nsseafood.com .
Sean Grattan. "Spinoza As Imperative." Mediations Volume 25, No. 2 http://www.mediationsjournal.org/articles/spinoza-as-imperative
Spinoza As Imperative
Sean Grattan
Spinoza Now Dimitris Vardoulakis, ed. Minneapolis: Univesrity of Minnesota Press , 2011 , 384 pp. US$27.50 ISBN 978-0816672806
The title of Dimitris Vardoulakis's edited volume Spinoza Now should be read in at least three ways: first, as an examination of the fecundity of the philosophy of Spinoza as a set of interpretive strategies across disciplinary boundaries; secondly, as a marker for investigating how and why Spinoza is useful at this particular historical moment; and finally, Spinoza Now might be taken as the imperative to turn to Spinoza as a slogan, as the crucial taking up of Spinoza now. Taken together, the three sides of the title enact the theoretical practice imagined by the collection. From the historical to the seemingly apolitical, each essay in Spinoza Now demonstrates how, as Vardoulakis affirms, Spinoza's philosophy is inextricably linked to his politics. If we are in the middle of what Patricia Clough has called “the affective turn,” then a serious investigation of current trends in Spinoza scholarship is long overdue. The New Spinoza , the last major Spinoza collection, was published over ten years ago and many of the collected texts had been published previously. Since then, interest in Spinoza has increased dramatically, and the challenge of Spinoza Now is to craft a volume that reflects the variations within current Spinoza scholarship.
Spinoza Now is a well-conceived and important entry into the study of Spinoza, especially as it draws together many thinkers whose work has been indelibly marked by encounters with Spinoza. At the beginning of his book on Deleuze, Alain Badiou remarks that he has never recognized the Spinoza whom Deleuze writes about.1 One of the many merits of this collection is the opportunity for so many different Spinozas to push against each other. Most of the contributors remark on the contradictory readings of Spinoza, while the organization of the collection goes on to demonstrate the remarkable breadth of these contradictions. The various Spinozas rest uncomfortably against one another, and the joy of Spinoza Now is the possibility of getting to recognize the many shades of Spinoza — whether it is the Spinoza of Deleuze who pushes you like a gust of wind from behind or Badiou's Spinoza concerned with mathematical proof, or, perhaps, a third Spinoza cloistered in his room grinding lenses while his lungs fill with glass particles. In other words, the multiple readings offered by Spinoza Now highlight the variety of positions available in considerations of Spinoza.
Vardoulakis organizes the entries into four sections: the sections move from considerations of Spinoza's reception, Spinozist hermeneutics, Spinoza's relationship to the arts, and finally to the seemingly odd combination of Spinoza and death.2 The conceit of the entire collection is that the theoretical bundle of concepts within the term “Spinoza” is practical in interpreting a range of current political, philosophical, and artistic issues, and, thus, the importance of Spinoza now. Vardoulakis begins the entire collection with a fluent, nuanced, and nearly exhaustive overview of the broad variations in the reception and study of Spinoza's philosophy from his contemporaries to our present moment — a moment when Spinoza reappears within cultural and political investigations. In fact, Vardoulakis makes it apparent that Spinoza's thought reverberates throughout many of the central intellectual movements from the seventeenth century to the present. For instance, his influence is not only philosophical, but extends to literary figures like George Eliot, Alexander Pope, and Goethe, who all note Spinoza's influence on their work. Vardoulakis points to the emergence of a current form of Spinoza scholarship arising from the concentration of Spinoza as a philosopher of immanence and power and also, fundamentally, a philosopher of modernity.
Because of the famous difficulty of reading Spinoza (especially the Ethics ), the first section of Spinoza Now , “Strategies for Reading Spinoza,” is tantalizing. Christopher Norris develops some of the same issues in the “Introduction” by evoking the sociohistorical moment in which Spinoza wrote and, furthermore, tracing genealogical lines of descent in the reception of Spinoza's philosophy. Moreover, the Norris essay illustrates the underlying tensions between historically opposed interpretations of Spinoza, which are then played out throughout the rest of Spinoza Now . Norris importantly draws attention to Althusser and Balibar's contention that Spinoza was the first person to ever “posit the problem of reading, and in consequence, writing” (14). By linking Spinoza's Theological-Political Tractatus to Althusser's critique of ideology, Norris illustrates how Spinozist elements have often arrived under the radar within Marxist discourse. Though Althusser never wrote extensively on Spinoza, the Dutch philosopher's influence cannot be underestimated for French structuralist Marxism. Moreover, according to Norris, the reception of Spinoza marks overwhelming philosophical conflicts around the mind/body dualisms that restrain the potential for philosophical investigation, leaving Norris to conclude that “Spinoza's radically monist understanding of mind and body or mind and world offers by far the most effective counterinstance to this whole way of thinking and its hold on philosophers from Descartes down” (31). The analogous relationship between mind/body and mind/world has important consequences for discussing the collapse of boundaries between critical projects, institutional departments, and analytic and continental philosophy, and offers, instead, a vision of the world where everything holds the possibility for connection.
Though Norris is quick to point to the boundaries of interpretive possibility, invoking Derrida's contention that all famous philosophers evoke contradictory, yet satisfactory readings, the next essay, Badiou's “What Is a Proof in Spinoza's Ethics?” resoundingly attempts to draw lines between how to, and how not to, read Spinoza correctly. Badiou, as scold, argues for the necessity of remembering that Spinoza wrote the Ethics in a more geometrico—as an exercise in the geometrical method—and that ignoring the importance of the method for Spinoza radically undermines any chance for engaging with Spinoza on Spinoza's terms. Though it is not my intention to discuss each contribution in Spinoza Now , I do want to point to the way many of the articles enact the forms of tension developed in Norris's presentation of Spinoza's reception. I draw attention to these first two articles, therefore, as illustrative of the theoretical concerns inherent in dealing with a figure as much of a philosophical lightning rod as Spinoza. Badiou, here, is clearly at odds with any of Deleuze's claims that there are two different books existing simultaneously in the Ethics: one book of proofs, definitions, propositions, and the other, hidden and minor variation existing in the scholia.3
The middle of Spinoza Now appears to pivot on close reading with Warren Montag's “Interjecting Empty Spaces: Imagination and Interpretation in Spinoza's Tractatus Theologico-Politicus ” and Cesare Casarino's “Marx before Spinoza: Notes toward an Investigation.” What many of the essays in this collection have in common is the importance of reading as practice in Spinoza's philosophy. Montag's essay focuses on Spinoza reintroducing gaps and dislocations in biblical translations, thus denormalizing the text, rendering it unfamiliar, and thus exposing underlying ideological assumptions at work within the text. Both essays are examples of Spinozist reading practices insofar as they attempt to unveil hidden moments of interrelation within Spinoza's philosophical project, not by making order out of chaos, but by examining the importance of connections within the text. Casarino's contribution, an investigation of how Marx has had “an irreversible impact on how we read Spinoza” (180), forms the theoretical core of Spinoza Now . In turn, I would argue that Casarino's essay has an irreversible impact on how to read Spinoza and Marx together. Casarino makes the seemingly paradoxical claim that Marx was the first theorist of globalization, while Spinoza was the second” (180), but through his close reading of a passage of the Ethics where Spinoza discusses the “concatenation of all things” as “he has explicated it,” Casarino draws out the implications for the interconnection of all things through the lens of Marx and the widening gyre of commodity circulation. With the inclusion of Marx, the concatenation of all things takes a political turn and the globalized commodity begins to resonate between both Marx and Spinoza. Casarino closely examines what appears to be a passing moment in the Ethics and draws out an original and highly engaging reading where “Spinoza posits the articulation of being as chain of things in a passage that not only signifies this meaning but also performs it by virtue of its parenthetical yet connective textual location” (190). Similarly, Casarino's essay exists within Spinoza Now at a connective textual location, inflecting the readings coming before and after.
In the introduction, Vardoulakis makes the point that Spinoza's method is inextricably linked to his politics, and through the imbrication of Marx and Spinoza, Casarino clearly delineates one possible route for Spinozist politics, but that route is not merely the combination of Marx and Spinoza; it is, instead, a theory of reading predicated on engaging with connective tissue. For instance, within the essays in “Spinoza and the Arts,” Vardoulakis and Mieke Bal's Spinozist versioning in Rembrandt's “Joseph and Potiphar's Wife” takes on different valences of meaning through the reading of the interconnection of all things. The connections combined in every text open the potential for readings that operate in contradistinction to social, philosophical, or historical boundaries and attempt, however tentatively, to grasp the world as interconnected. Suddenly, Rembrandt and Spinoza have more in common than unsubstantiated biographical claims; they comment on their own cultural moment, but also might be read as cementing their relationship with one another and our cultural present.
Of course, there are limits to reading the connective tissues. The difference between Casarino's claim that the “ Ethics is truly a mapless work” and Badiou's distinctly mapped geometrical Ethics could not be greater. Thus, after Casarino's essay, the inner tension within Spinoza Now takes another form; the potentially odd juxtapositions occurring in each essay increase: Spinoza and Marx, Spinoza and Heidegger, Spinoza and Rembrandt, and finally the entire Spinoza and death section. Taking these differences into account I would like to focus, for a passing moment, on Antonio Negri's contribution, “Power and Ontology between Heidegger and Spinoza.” The unwieldy nature of this combination is almost a foregone conclusion, one that Negri finally fesses up to by the end of the essay, claiming an exaggeration of the proximity of the two thinkers. With the denunciation of Heidegger at the end — a revelation a long time expected and a long time coming — in favor of Spinoza, the purpose of the essay becomes clear. There was never any doubt that Negri would denounce Heidegger, but with this move he has also triangulated an attack on Giorgio Agamben and the theory of bare life. Negri's intervention is reminiscent of his comment to Casarino: “[Agamben] is quite limited when it comes to understanding politics—and in his work this limitation takes the form of a radical Heideggerianism.”4 Negri's essay, then, works as a reminder of the limit of connectivity between texts, and a warning against the confluence of the different forms of theorizing the biopolitical.
The depth of Spinoza's thought is on display in the varied contributions to Spinoza Now , but the one gap in the text is that, with the two exceptions of Cesare Casarino and A. Kiarina Kordela, few of the authors explore the galvanizing effect Spinoza seems to induce in putatively Marxist critics. True, Norris plots a historical overview that examines the Spinozist undercurrent in Althusserian Marxism, but a definite silence hangs around the issue of Spinoza and Marx now. Casarino's essay attempts to, if not reconcile Marx and Spinoza, then to draw the very real and very important conceptual links between the two thinkers. Kordela, on the other hand, primarily engages with the reception of Spinoza by certain Marxists in a polemical footnote about Žižek and Kant.5
Given the accumulation of importance around the term “multitude” in current debates about Spinoza's place in political thought, it is surprising that the multitude barely makes an appearance in Spinoza Now . Vardoulakis points to the importance of the multitude in his introduction, yet the multitude is non-existent for most of the text. Only mentioned a handful of times, and (in the contemporary context) only by Negri, the absence of the multitude might signal the emergence of a different focal point for contemporary political interpretations of Spinoza. Though there are many versions of Spinoza in Spinoza Now , the Spinoza of the multitude seems eclipsed by the development of other strands of Spinozist criticism. The waning of the multitude simultaneously opens the possibilities for different forms of articulating the importance of engaging with Spinoza's now.
Perhaps changing the first section, “Strategies for Reading Spinoza,” to “Strategies for Spinozist Reading” might underscore the vital necessity for a reconsideration of Spinoza's place in current philosophical, political, and theoretical debates. Spinoza was a philosopher who never fit easily within categorical boundaries, and Spinoza Now clearly tries to capture that spirit by offering a series of varied interventions. What holds all of these texts together is the certitude that an engagement with Spinoza offers a way of reading the world that is committed to exploring productively the tensions, connections, and gaps between words and things. And if Spinoza has anything to teach us now, it is the persistent need to live ethically in the present.
President Trump's White House ended its alleged snubbing of CNN on Wednesday when deputy assistant to the president Sebastian Gorka discussed the administration's Iran policy with Jake Tapper in the 4 p.m. ET hour.
Gorka was the first administration official to appear on the network since Trump's presidency began on Jan. 20.
A Politico report on Tuesday charged that Trump and his team were intentionally dodging the network, which the president called "a hostile community" and "fake news" again Wednesday. The report cited several unnamed sources.
On Jan. 24, CNN senior media correspondent Brian Stelter wrote in his daily "Reliable Sources" newsletter that he was informed by a "Trumpworld aide" that the administration's snubbing of CNN was a strategy by Trump and his team to drive down the network's ratings.
ADVERTISEMENT
"A Trumpworld aide predicted to me that the ratings for the programs would be hurt because no Trump administration officials had agreed to be interviewed," Stelter wrote.
That impasse appeared to have broken by Wednesday, though Trump still had harsh words for the network.
During a Black History Month event in Washington, Trump singled out CNN contributor Paris Dennard, who defended Trump throughout the campaign in segments in which he was often outnumbered by other guests.
"Paris has done an amazing job in a very hostile CNN community," Trump said to laughter in the room. "He was all by himself. It was seven people and Paris, and I'll take Paris over the seven.
"I don't watch CNN, so I don't get to see [Dennard] as much,” he continued. “I don't like watching fake news. But Fox has treated me very nice, wherever Fox is, thank you."
At a press conference in New York three weeks ago, Trump called CNN White House correspondent Jim Acosta "rude" and blasted the network as "fake news."
"Your organization is terrible," Trump told Acosta when he repeatedly attempted to ask a question.
"You're attacking us, can you give us a question?” Acosta replied.
"Don't be rude. No, I'm not going to give you a question. You are fake news," Trump responded, before calling on another reporter.
Trump himself has not appeared on the CNN since an August interview with Anderson Cooper.
Since the election, Trump has done three interviews: the first with ABC's David Muir, the second with Fox News's Sean Hannity and a third with Christian Broadcasting Network's David Brody.
A razor wire addition is seen on the fencing that surrounds the Embassy of Russia at the end of 38th Street NW on May 4, 2015 in Washington, D.C. (Ricky Carioti/The Washington Post)
Beside a tony, tree-lined northwest Washington neighborhood near the National Cathedral, at one of the highest points in the district, sits the massive Russian compound. It's heavily secured, surrounded by tall iron fencing on all sides.
But at the back of the embassy tucked away off Fulton Street, on the side unseen to people beyond the residents of the neighborhood, the Russians have added another layer of security: razor wire.
Joyce Winslow, who lives a block away, said she believes it's only gone up in the last several weeks. On an unseasonably warm April day, she'd taken a walk and hadn't seen it. But over the weekend it was there. The image of the grotesque and dangerous blades in her genteel neighborhood was “shocking,” she said.
We know relations between the United States and Russia are strained, but why now? Threats from pro-Ukrainian activists? Propaganda to show Russians back home? To keep out squirrels? Paranoia?
Razor wire on Russian Embassy fence (The Washington Post)
We went several rounds with the Russian embassy media shop via e-mail, but have yet to receive an answer to our pressing inquires about the razor wire, primarily confirmation that the wire is a new edition to the facade and the rationale for it.
Maybe they're simply taking a cue from the White House, which will add spikes to its fence to keep out future jumpers.
Of course those are designed to still look appealing. This Russian fence has all the aesthetic appeal of a New Jersey junk car lot.
RELATED: Agency votes for spikes on the White House fence. A moat was already ruled out.
WASHINGTON (CN) – Blocking the execution of an intellectually disabled killer Tuesday, the Supreme Court slammed Texas for ignoring medical evidence in favor of Steinbeck characters.
Bobby James Moore has been on death row for killing a shop clerk in a botched April 1980 robbery that he had committed with two others when he was 20 years old.
Attorneys have argued that Moore's intellectual disabilities go back to his childhood, however, when he was abused at home and took a brick to the head during battles to integrate Texas schools. When Moore was 13, experts have testified, he could not differentiate the days of the week, tell time or understand that addition is the opposite of subtraction.
Though a state habeas court initially determined that the Eighth Amendment prohibited Moore's execution, the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals reversed, saying the habeas court had improperly given more weight to expert medical evidence than to precedent.
The CCA, as the court is often abbreviated, said habeas determinations need to consider only the 1992 guidelines adopted in its case Ex parte Briseno. Among several nonclinical factors that guide the definition of intellectual disability in those guidelines are references to the slow fictional character Lennie from “Of Mice and Men.”
Four months after critical oral arguments in the case, the Supreme Court vacated the judgment against Moore 5-3 on Tuesday.
The majority opinion by Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg says the Texas court failed to uphold the standard adopted in the 2014 case Hall v. Florida, which says adjudications of intellectual disability should be “informed by the views of medical experts.”
“That instruction cannot sensibly be read to give courts leave to diminish the force of the medical community's consensus,” Ginsburg wrote. “Moreover, the several factors Briseno set out as indicators of intellectual disability are an invention of the CCA untied to any acknowledged source. Not aligned with the medical community's information, and drawing no strength from our precedent, the Briseno factors ‘create an unacceptable risk that persons with intellectual disability will be executed.' Accordingly, they may not be used, as the CCA used them, to restrict qualification of an individual as intellectually disabled.”
Detailing the overwhelming evidence of Moore's disabilities, Ginsburg notes that as a boy he had been allowed to draw in class rather than drag down the lessons far outpacing him.
Moore became homeless after he failed every subject and dropped out of ninth grade.
“He survived on the streets,” the decision states, “eating from trash cans, even after two bouts of food poisoning.”
Though the CCA found that Moore's IQ scores did not document him as intellectually disabled, it arrived at that conclusion by discounting five of the seven scores, and discounting the lower end of the standard-error range associated with the remaining two scores.
“Hall instructs that, where an IQ score is close to, but above, 70, courts must account for the test's ‘standard error of measurement,'” Ginsburg noted.
Though the CCA had a duty to consider Moore's adaptive functioning because of his low IQ scores, Ginsburg added, it deviated in this analysis “from prevailing clinical standards and from the older clinical standards the court claimed to apply.”
Ginsburg was adamant that the CCA's reliance on its precedent impeded this assessment, calling the Briseno factors an outlier both in comparison to other states' handling of intellectual-disability pleas and to Texas' own practices in other contexts.
“No state legislature has approved the use of the Briseno factors or anything similar,” Ginsburg wrote. “In the 12 years since Texas adopted the factors, only one other state high court and one state intermediate appellate court have authorized their use.”
Ginsburg highlighted the incongruity of relying on Briseno factors only in the context of the death penalty but not in other settings, such as the assessment of a student's intellect.
“Texas cannot satisfactorily explain why it applies current medical standards for diagnosing intellectual disability in other contexts, yet clings to superseded standards when an individual's life is at stake,” the decision states.
Justices Clarence Thomas and Samuel Alito joined Chief Justice John Roberts in dissent, saying it is the majority not the CCA that subordinated medical evidence for legal theory.
“Clinicians, not judges, should determine clinical standards; and judges, not clinicians, should determine the content of the Eighth Amendment,” Roberts wrote. “Today's opinion confuses those roles, and I respectfully dissent.”
Like this: Like Loading...
Congress leader Ghulam Nabi Azad on Tuesday downplayed the National Democratic Alliance's (NDA) decision of naming Bihar Governor Ram Nath Kovind for the post of President and said it's not the first time when a person belonging to the minority community has been nominated for the top post, adding the Congress made a Dalit president 15 years ago, referring to K.R. Narayanan.
"The Congress has always taken the initiative to improve the condition of the Dalits even before the country got Independence. We even introduced the reservation quota for the upliftment of the minorities after Independence. As far as the President of India is concerned, we made a Dalit president 15 years ago; this is not the first time," Azad told ANI.
Azad said it would have been better had the ruling party nominated someone neutral rather than a hardcore leader of Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) like Kovind.
"We were expecting the BJP to announce the name of a neutral person. Like during the regime of Atal Bihari Vajpayee, we supported A.P.J. Abdul Kalam - not because he belonged to a minority community, but because he was neutral and didn't belong to any particular party," he said.
Further stressing on the issue, he said the political parties are not divided on the basis of religion. They have different ideologies and a neutral person would have been acceptable for all.
Also read KR Narayanan to RN Kovind — A tale of two Dalit Presidents
Azad said they would meet the Opposition parties on June 22 to discuss the Centre's decision on the Presidential nominee and to take a decision on the same.
"We don't want to comment on his personality, but will talk on merit. But this is a fact that he is a hardcore BJP leader. How can one support a hardcore BJP leader? This seems a little impossible. But still till now we have not announced any name for the Presidential candidate from our side, because we had decided this in all party meeting that decision will be taken with consensus," Azad said.
Earlier on Monday, BJP president Amit Shah announced the name of Kovind as NDA's consensus candidate for the post of Indian President.
Kovind before leaving for New Delhi yesterday met with Prime Minister Narendra Modi and thanked the people of Bihar for their support.
Following the announcement, Prime Minister Modi reached out to Congress president Sonia Gandhi and former prime minister Dr. Manmohan Singh to seek the grand old party's support for Kovind.
Prime Minister Modi also spoke to Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar, Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu and Tamil Nadu Chief Minister E. Palaniswamy over NDA's presidential candidate pick.
The Prime Minister said that Kovind will make an exceptional President and continue to be a strong voice for the poor, downtrodden and marginalised.
However, the decision did not go down well with some of the political parties with Congress alleging that the announcement was made without taking the grand old party into confidence while BJP's ally Shev Sena termed it a political move to lure vote bank.
Joining the critics of NDA's Presidential nominee, Shiv Sena said it would not extend its support if the Centre is eyeing a vote bank by nominating a Dalit face for the upcoming President polls.
"If someone is trying to make a Dalit a President with the purpose of gaining a vote bank then we are not with them, Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray said.
On Wednesday, sources speaking to the Wall Street Journal said that Sprint and T-Mobile agreed on the “broad terms” of a merger and were nearing a final agreement. Preliminary reports said that Sprint would acquire T-Mobile for $50 billion, or about $40 a share.
Such a huge merger between the third and fourth largest wireless providers in the US would certainly face intense scrutiny from regulatory agencies, and WSJ's sources said that if the deal were to fail to go through, Sprint would pay T-Mobile $1 billion “in cash and other assets.”
Earlier this year, the rumor was that Sprint would pay T-Mobile around $19 billion for a 60 to 70 percent stake in the Deutsche Telekom-backed company. Today, WSJ reported that Deutsche Telekom would only retain a 15 to 20 percent stake in T-Mobile after a deal with Sprint. As Ars wrote in December, if Sprint and T-Mobile join, the two companies would have a combined 53 million postpaid subscribers compared to Verizon's 95 million and AT&T's 72 million.
This move comes a few years after AT&T and T-Mobile attempted a high-profile merger that was shot down by US regulatory agencies. In 2011, AT&T offered $39 billion for T-Mobile, but that deal drew a wide range of criticism. Sprint even filed a petition with the FCC to try to block that merger.
Although Dish Network promised to make a bid for T-Mobile earlier this year, it appears that the company is out of the running.
The Wall Street Journal reported that, “The companies are also considering forming a joint venture to bid together in upcoming auctions of wireless airwaves currently held by television broadcasters.” That could beef up Sprint's network, a stated goal of Masayoshi Son, CEO of Sprint owner SoftBank. Son said on The Charlie Rose show that if Sprint were to buy T-Mobile, it would wage a “massive price war” to draw subscribers away from the two big incumbents, Verizon and AT&T.
In downtown Denver, hundreds of Broncos fans came out to celebrate the team.
Despite cold and snow, they arrived in full force at Civic Center Park on Sunday afternoon.
A sea of orange flooded Broncos Boulevard, usually known as Bannock Street.
DJ Jones blared the music along with the Denver North High drumline.
Mayor Michael Hancock at Colorado Lt. Governor Joe Garcia emceed the event.
Miles the Mascot and some of the Broncos cheerleaders were also there, as the team simultaneously took off for California. Many fans even watched the airport's live stream of the departure at the rally.
The last rally was held in Larimer Square last Friday, before the AFC Championship game against the Patriots.
--------- Sign up for Denver7 email alerts to stay informed about breaking news and daily headlines.
Or, keep up-to-date on the latest news and weather with the Denver7 apps for iPhone/iPads , Android and Kindle .
It is exciting to watch our understanding of climate merge in the scientific literature. Right now, many studies are coming out that investigate the slowdown of global temperatures; of problems accounting for all the energy in the Earth's climate system; and the role of natural and human factors in these questions.
First, let's establish a few facts. Increases or decreases in temperatures, particularly atmospheric temperatures, are not equivalent to increases or decreases in Earth energy – that is, the Earth can continue to warm whether atmospheric temperatures increase. Part of the reason for this is that most of the Earth's extra energy is stored in the oceans which have continued to heat over the past few decades with no cessation or pause.
With respect to the so-called slowdown, we've seen studies that show part of the "slowdown" in global atmospheric temperatures is associated with measurement problems. That is, are we measuring the entire globe, in particular the polar regions. Other studies point to internal movements of energy between various parts of the climate as an explanation for recent slowdown in atmospheric temperatures. In fact, this topic was discussed recently by my colleague Dana Nuccitelli.
When you think about it, how would you measure the entire globe temperature? You need to be certain you have enough measurements taken for long enough periods of time to be sure you can identify temperature trends. You have to be mindful of putting sensors in regions where there are artificial impacts to the temperature (such as in cities). You have to measure not only at the Earth surface but throughout the ocean depth and atmosphere height. How do you handle changes in instrumentation that occur over the many decades? How do you handle biases in temperature sensors? How do you position sufficient sensors across the globe and maintain them over time? These questions reflect the Herculean task facing climate scientists.
But perhaps the so-called slowdown isn't just due to measurement problems? Perhaps something is blocking some of the sunlight from reaching Earth in the first place? We call such energy blocking a "negative forcing". If negative forcings are happening, we would expect to see an impact on global temperatures. I recently discussed a study which looks at combinations of measurement and negative forcings. Now I want to shift to a very new study that focused extensively on volcanoes.
In the study, Dr. Ben Santer and colleagues asked whether small volcanoes could be causing a slight reduction in the amount of sunlight that reaches the Earth. We've known for years that large eruptions can cause a temporary decrease in the Earth temperature but what about small eruptions? The authors found that in the past decade or so, the impacts of volcanoes are found in the optical depth (clarity) of the atmosphere and in temperatures of the lower part of the atmosphere (the troposphere). The authors input the results into computer models and compared the calculations to models that ignored volcanic effects. They discovered that when volcanoes are included, the models were more able to match the observed temperatures.
So, what does this all mean? First, it confirms an emerging picture amongst scientists. Is there a slowdown in warming or not? If there is, what is the cause? Volcanoes? Solar activity? Internal variability? The emerging consensus is the so-called slowdown primarily exists in the atmosphere (but not in the oceans) and it is being caused by all three of these factors. In a nutshell, global warming is continuing, despite what people want you to believe, and natural factors influence short term temperatures measurements.
It also means that the models are doing things correctly. When inputs to the model are improved, the fit to actual observations improve. Consequently, people who have incorrectly stated that climate models are too sensitive to the increased greenhouse effect (for example, John Christy in Senate testimony accessed here) need to rethink their positions. The models work, period.
The significance of the recent article is best captured by co-author Carl Mears who said,
"We were able to show that part of the cause of the recent lack of temperature increase is the large number of minor volcanic eruptions during the last 15 years. The ash and chemicals from these eruptions caused less sunlight than usual to arrive at the Earth's surface, temporarily reducing the amount of temperature increase we measured at the surface and in the lower troposphere. The most recent round of climate models studied for the IPCC report did not adequately include the effects of these volcanoes, making their predictions show too much warming. For climate models to make accurate predictions, it is necessary that the input data that is fed into the model is accurate. Examples of input data include information about changes in greenhouse gases, atmospheric particles and solar output."
I can't wait for the next installment in this saga of trying to quantify the various natural and human influences of climate. Let's hope we don't have to wait too long.
Conservative commentator Ann Coulter and the ACLU are teaming up to take on these new intrusive body scan machines at airports.
Obviously, they have very different angles on the story. Coulter has a few reasons, but most interestingly is her worry it won't stop “foreskin” and “anus” bombing.
Last night on The O'Reilly Factor, Bill O'Reilly and Coulter talked about the “most intrusive” new method the TSA has implemented to crack down on potential terror attacks. Coulter worries about the privacy issue (you know, she is sounding like the ACLU now). “Your naked body will show up on Page Six,” she tells O'Reilly. Also: “Females do object to this a lot more than males, particularly the ones with the better figures, worried about Bill Clinton signing up for a civil service job.” (Zing! Someone's been moonlighting as a Jay Leno Show writer.)
But mainly, according to Coulter “it won't do anything.” O'Reilly disagreed. “If you have a body scan and you have a bomb in your underwear, they can see the bomb through the body scan,” he said.
But Coulter countered, quite graphically:
It was spread throughout the diaper. Unless the bomb is inserted under the foreskin, and by the way, I don't see a clear angle on the anus. That's a pretty easy hiding place for this.
So Coulter has examined these body scan images, and, at this present time, she doesn't “see a clear angle on the anus.” She has looked, though. And no clear angle yet. As for whether the body scan could have stopped the Christmas Day attempted terror attack, it sounds like O'Reilly is right. Coulter is wrong that explosives were “spread throughout the diaper.” Instead, it was a “six-inch packet of explosive powder sewn into the crotch of the underwear.” We know this because there are images of the packet still in the underwear, since it never ignited.
If Coulter thinks the body scan is too intrusive of a process, she has yet to give an alternate option. Obviously she would agree something must be done, but she gives no indication what that would be. Even if there is profiling, she makes the claim the body scan is ineffective. So what's your next best option, Ann?
Here's the Coulter interview:
—–
» Follow Steve Krakauer on Twitter
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
Beginning this year, and for the next three years, the number of inductees to the Israel Defense Forces is expected to drop substantially. During a period of highly complex security-related developments (even if they will not necessarily lead to a war), and amid a sharp dispute over the size of the defense budget, the IDF will have to cope with a new type of problem: of fewer young Israelis for the conscript army.
For a few years now, and even without taking into consideration the (legal) draft evasion of the ultra-Orthodox population, the IDF's personnel experts have been predicting a shortfall of a few thousand soldiers in key posts - both in the front ranks of the combat forces and in other crucial units.
A yeshiva student leaving the Tel Hashomer army base. Moti Milrod
The same atmosphere that hampers the army's efforts to persuade politicians to accept its concerns regarding cuts in the defense budget is clouding the IDF's attempt to clarify the severity of the induction situation.
"You tell people, 'The security situation is complicated, I need everyone I can get,' and they [the politicians] reply: 'Stop scaring the public, there are no Syrians trying to climb the fences now,'" a senior army figure says. "What the chief of staff would most like to hear now is that we have enough soldiers to create new units for him. But at this stage there is simply no place from which to get them."
During the past few years, following the trauma of the Second Lebanon War (2006), and especially since Operation Cast Lead in the Gaza Strip (2009), there was a substantial increase in the number of draftees who were fit for combat duty and who wanted to serve in that capacity. At its peak, last August, the figure stood at 80 percent.
One possible reason for this phenomenon, according to the IDF Personnel Directorate, was that the country's youth shared a sharp sense of danger: With the northern third of the country subjected to 34 days of Katyusha rockets in 2006, and the southern third undergoing a similar experience two-and-a-half years later - young people felt a battle was raging over their home and displayed greater motivation for combat service.
However, according to available data, there is a certain decline in the willingness of draftees of the March call-up to do combat duty. This may be due to the relative security calm of late. Or, more profoundly (and this is something that may turn out to be a long-term phenomenon), this may also be due to the ongoing feeling of unfairness harbored by the population groups that continue to send their sons and daughters to do combat service.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
These people feel they are being discriminated against in particular in relation to two groups: the ultra-Orthodox, who are exempt from military service altogether, and the veteran, well-off population, whose children are no longer filling the frontline ranks at the same levels they did in the past. That's why every meeting with parents at infantry basic-training bases starts with praise and thanks from the commanding officers, for the good upbringing the children received from Mom and Dad. Despite the data showing high motivation in recent years, combat service is now far from being a self-evident goal for 18-year-olds.
The emerging decline in the number of combat troops is making yeshiva students' legal evasion of army service an even more acute problem. On Wednesday, Chief of Staff Benny Gantz declared, "The reality in which the majority serve is liable to change. The State of Israel should find this development disturbing."
Senior IDF officers have long expressed even sharper sentiments in private conversations: Over the years, they say, it is becoming increasingly difficult to explain to 18-year-olds why they should do combat service while their peers from Bnei Brak and Betar Ilit are exempt.
In 2007, the IDF, with massive media encouragement, launched a "motivation campaign" against draft evasion. The results were impressive, but the campaign was fundamentally flawed. The IDF chose not to direct it at those for whom "Torah is their occupation," as that was considered a sensitive political issue.
Heightening the motivation of secular youngsters (that of national-religious youth is high to begin with) can have only a limited effect in numerical terms when 13 percent of those eligible for the draft do not share the burden by law. Another 2 percent of the draft-eligible population consists of Haredim who are exempted for psychological reasons. According to the current data, within a decade, Haredi men will constitute one-quarter of the potential draft pool. Those are dramatic numbers.
No illusions
The IDF is under no illusion that the annulment of the Tal Law by the High Court of Justice this week will spur masses of young ultra-Orthodox men to enlist in the Golani and Givati infantry brigades. But in 2012, the army can no longer ignore the shortfall in combat units, or the impact of the present situation on those young people who are being called up.
In the past two years, the IDF has made a praiseworthy effort to integrate ultra-Orthodox men into a variety of tracks. In addition to the Haredi unit in the Nahal paramilitary brigade - a unit that has existed for a relatively long time - a few thousand Haredim have served in professional units in which they received technological training at the army's expense. They then enter the labor market and integrate into the broader Israeli society. Still, this is no more than a small positive drop in a sea of evasion.
Moreover, the positive data is in part misleading. In the past few years, quite a few national-religious soldiers who prefer a more strictly observant framework (and also more comfortable service conditions) opted to serve in the Haredi unit of the Nahal Brigade and in vocational tracks.
With fewer draftees, the army has to scrutinize its personnel plans carefully. And we're not even talking about the astounding number of soldiers, many of them idle, that every visitor to the Kirya (defense headquarters, in central Tel Aviv) or to the Tel Hashomer base (not to mention the Azrieli mall, adjacent to the Kirya) encounters. Over the years, too many alternative, abbreviated-service tracks have been operating, and it is doubtful that the IDF can afford to keep them going any longer.
Among these are the Nahal track, involving a period of extra-military service in the community (which relatively few soldiers in the Nahal Brigade now participate in), and the hesder yeshiva track, combining religious studies and military service. The General Staff is having difficulty understanding why it is worth it to invest in training an infantryman from such a yeshiva who will only do active combat service for 16 months. (A pilot program to extend this to 18 months is currently under way.)
This week's High Court of Justice decision affords the state and the IDF the opportunity to reorganize army service across the board. Defense Minister Ehud Barak has lately been talking about a model that makes a lot of sense: Everyone will be obliged to enlist, but the IDF will have the option of choosing those it truly needs for full service. The others will do abridged national service (firefighting, police, emergency ambulance service) or community work (assistance to the elderly, etc.).
According to Barak, the solution to the problem of discrimination that will arise - in terms of the length and difficulty of each type of service - will be found in the new quid pro quo: Soldiers, and particularly those in combat units, will receive, beginning in their second year of service, a salary that is close to the minimum wage. The money will be held for them until their discharge, at which time they will be able to use it for professional training or studies.
Seventeen citations
The High Court decision this week cites the report of a team headed by MK Yohanan Plesner (Kadima) no fewer than 17 times. In this case, for a change, the Knesset did serious work. Last year, a group from its Foreign Affairs and Defense Committee, led by Plesner, examined the entire question of the draft. Its conclusions differed sharply from those of the government. While Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu wanted to stick with the provisions of the Tal Law, though increasing somewhat the numbers in the different military-service tracks, the Plesner team thought that a fundamental change was necessary.
The High Court rejected the government's explanations outright, Plesner told Haaretz on Wednesday.
"The justices ruled that the implementation of the law had failed, that it was impossible to continue with the current format, and that in the major [military] tracks the numerical increase was negligible. The Tal Law left the executive branch with too many levels of freedom, which were abused. It turned out that there was a tremendous disparity between the purpose of the law - to provide a response to the inequality of the system - and its actual implementation. The law actually acted as a tool for mass evasion."
He added: "The current arrangement was shown to be an empty shell. Now we have to find an alternative arrangement, one with clear content and one which is capable of being implemented."
"We have an interest at this time in generating a discourse on equality in service," says a senior member of the General Staff. "To that end, we recently took an active step. I refer to a demand to fulfill the original purpose of the Tal Law, not only the law itself. This involves not only Haredim but also the huge number of women who are exempted from service on religious grounds - an exemption to which not all of them are entitled. If a model of obligatory service for all is introduced, we will reserve the right of choice and will be able to take those we truly need."
For years, everyone knew that the present draft model was no longer viable. Most politicians were in denial; IDF officers were afraid to intervene because of the acute political sensitivities surrounding the issue. This week, the High Court of Justice pulled the chestnuts out of the fire for them. The question that remains is whether the experts can now come up with a logical solution in the five months before the Tal Law officially expires - and whether the politicians will be able to implement it, in the face of the likely resistance of the Haredi parties.
Kevin De Bruyne is a 21-year-old Belgian international who started his career at KRC Genk. He is a Chelsea player who is currently on loan at Bundesliga side Werder Bremen. Capable of playing on either flank, the versatile young playmaker is most often deployed in the center of the park.
UPDATE: Kevin De Bruyne moved to Wolfsburg on a permanent transfer from Chelsea in January 2014.
Match Performance
On a day when Werder Bremen produced their best performance of the season to thrash Gladbach 4-0, De Bruyne was instrumental. Starting the game in a deeper central position, he was key to Werder's ball retention and build up play.
He kept the ball moving and passed it very well throughout the game, showing excellent distribution abilities along with a ready willingness to get forward and join in attacks, from both central and wide areas. In the 3rd minute of the game, De Bruyne fired in a low and dangerous cross towards the near post. However the Gladbach defenders cleared this easily.
De Bruyne initially emerged as a winger, but his coach at Bremen, Thomas Schaaf chooses to play him in central midfield. This allows Bremen to utilize his technical ability to its fullest and control the game. His technical superiority as compared to the rest of the players on the pitch was clearly visible, with very few matching up to his standards on the ball. Apart from his technical excellence, his vision was also key to Bremen's performance. Such excellent technical and mental qualities had a huge role to play in Werder enjoying 58% ball possession throughout the game.
De Bruyne is not afraid of shooting from distance either, with a powerful shot in the 26th minute serving as evidence. He also averages 1.6 shots per game, which is impressive for a central midfielder.
The highlight of the game as far as De Bruyne is concerned came in the 36th minute, when an accurate corner of his found his teammate Nils Peterson in the box. Peterson scored with his head, and De Bruyne got the assist, this being his 2nd assist in 8 league games this season.
In the 54th minute however, the Belgian made a poor tackle and got booked for it. This is an aspect of his game the Belgian needs to work on in order to improve his effectiveness as a central midfielder.
Another attention catching moment that De Bruyne provided was in the 80th minute, when he went on a mazy dribbling run past the Gladbach defence and midfield, and delivered another dangerous cross that was cleared by Alejandro Dominguez.
All in all, the Belgian had a good game, and impacted Werder's performance positively.
Strengths
Set-Pieces: Kevin De Bruyne is definitely very effective from dead ball situations. His assist for Peterson's goal came from the corner, and he has also scored a free kick this season in the defeat to Hannover. His delivery is very accurate, and comes at a very good speed with a lot of movement. Such set pieces are always very difficult for keepers and defenders to deal with, and potentially cause a lot of confusion in the defensive ranks of a team.
Dribbling: Whether on the wings, or through the center, De Bruyne is an excellent dribbler with the ball. Executing an average of 3 successful dribbles a match while playing primarily through the center is a commendable feat. Such direct running at defenders through the middle can wreak havoc. Such dribbling, combined with his shooting and passing ability make him a deadly attacker. He is his teams top scorer so far this season with 3 goals.
Passing and Vision: De Bruyne's greatest strength is undoubtedly his passing ability. De Bruyne complements his ability on the ball with superb vision. He's a player who always has his head up, and is searching for a good pass. His range isn't just confined to short passes, his long passing is also very accurate, with only 1 misplaced long pass against Gladbach and an average of 4.6 successful long passes per game. This is why he creates a lot of chances for his teammates, resulting in him garnering 2 assists so far this season, joint highest in his team.
Influence: De Bruyne is a very influential player for Werder Bremen. He may be regarded as their primary playmaker, and the rest of the team look to him to start off attacks. The young Belgian has completed more passes than any of his teammates, with 387. he also has the joint highest number of assists and takes responsibility from set piece situations.
Weaknesses
Defending: The role of the central midfielder encompasses both attacking and defending duties. While he carries out his duties in attack with aplomb, De Bruyne falls short defensively. He is a poor tackler, and was booked for a bad challenge against Gladbach. His heading skills don't stand out either, and this tends to be exploited when he's defending set-pieces, with a lot aimed at his zone. Aside from his tackling and heading, his defensive reading of the game is not very good either. He has made 2 interceptions in his 8 games this season. He must work hard on this aspect of his game in order to establish himself as a permanent part of the team at Chelsea, where he will return next season.
Transfer
De Bruyne is currently on loan at Werder Bremen from European Champions Chelsea. There seems to be no hope for Werder to make this deal permanent though, with the West Londoners seemingly keen on having him back next season, where he will have 4 years left on his current contract.
Follow @OOTB_football
Follow @VishalNPatel7
Like us on Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/OutsideoftheBoot
————————————————————–
Featured image via eplindex.com. Stats via whoscored.com
They sold doughnuts for a dollar apiece, held dodgeball tournaments with a small entrance fee and competed to see which class could collect the most change in a span of two minutes.
Now, thanks to the fundraising efforts of thousands of Broward County students, an entire plane full of World War II veterans will fly next month to Washington, D.C. to see the memorial erected in their honor. The elementary through high school students raised more than $48,000 – enough to allow the South Florida hub of Honor Flight to fund an entire trip.
"Those kids are heroes," said Rick Asper, chairman of the local group.
Since Honor Flight South Florida started three years ago, students led by the Broward County Association of Student Councils have held small fundraising events that bring in a dollar here, a dollar there. Their contributions added up -- making them among the biggest donors to the local nonprofit, which has sent about 500 veterans to D.C. for the free, one-day trips.
This year's biggest-ever donation, raised in a three-month stretch, topped the 2015 total of $33,000. Students hope to raise more next year.
"These people fought for our country, so the least that we can do is let them see their memorial," said Maria Schweitzer, 17, who attends Flanagan High. "It's like our civic duty."
Added 17-year-old Plantation High student Larissa Angrisanio: "They're part of the reason we get to do what we do."
Veterans often describe their Honor Flight trip as the greatest day of their lives, Asper said.
For many, it's the first time they've seen the National World War II Memorial, which was dedicated during Memorial Day weekend in 2004. It gives them a chance to reflect on their time in the war and the friends they lost in it – and to feel their service is deeply appreciated, even all these years later.
"It's hard to put into words your feelings when you see a memorial in honor of what you did," said Buddy Galvin, a 95-year-old World War II veteran who was on the first South Florida Honor Flight. "It's overwhelming."
"Some are more emotional than others; some show it more," said Sid Birns, a 90-year-old World War II veteran who was on an Honor Flight last May. "But we all came back with the same feeling: that this was something that was outstanding, something that really was beyond our belief that it would happen."
When they walk out of the terminal, they're welcomed home by thousands of people waving and cheering flags. Students are always part of the crowd, and will send a bus to the Miami International Airport on April 2, when the next group of 80 vets take their trip.
It's one way the relationship between the students and veterans goes beyond fundraising. Students also threw the hub's first "virtual Honor Flight" in January at South Plantation High.
World War II veterans visit schools and give firsthand accounts of the war. And that is part of what drives students to support Honor Flight, said 18-year-old Brandon Frantz, president of the county's student council association and a student at McArthur High.
"You see the impact it's making," said Frantz, who plans to attend the U.S. Naval Academy next year. "When some of these veterans talk about their experiences, it brings these kids who are in high school and don't know a thing about what life is like, it brings them to tears. The way it impacts everyone, it's just such an amazing project."
bshammas@sunsentinel.com, 954-356-4528 or Twitter @britsham
I nearly spit out my drink when she told me.
“What do you mean they've only had sex three times? They've been married for seven years. How is this possible?”
My friend and I were out for brunch, discussing a conversation she'd had with one of our mutual friends. Apparently, this mutual friend has been trying to initiate a more active sex life with her husband since they tied the knot close to a decade ago, but he shrugs off her advances. They love each other but she's frustrated – and rightfully so. As I told my brunch partner in between sips of my mimosa, “If I was in her shoes I'd be crawling up the walls.”
My sexuality is intrinsic to who I am as a person. This is something I've always known about myself, so it's hard for me to imagine staying in a relationship that didn't include mutual desire, pleasure and satisfaction. But “sexless marriages” are actually way more common than we might think.
Generally speaking, experts define a sexless marriage as a relationship where sex is infrequent (less than ten times a year) or non-existent. Amber Hawley is a licensed marriage and family therapist and owner of couplesfix.com. As she explains, “I have couples that have not had sex in over 15 years,” and then there are others “where it's once a year – maybe once every six months – which we would still categorize as sexless.”
Poke around online and it's easy to get the impression that a huge segment of the population is suffering from one giant dry spell. There are hundreds of online message boards dedicated to the discussion of sexless marriage or “bedroom death” – many of which have tens of thousands of members.
To gain some perspective, I spent an afternoon speaking with people on one of these popular message boards, Reddit. While everyone's experiences with sexless marriage were different, one thing was abundantly clear: Being in one is emotionally gut-wrenching.
When asked about the biggest challenge of being in a sexless marriage, one member shared that it was like “losing yourself.” The member wrote, “To those who don't see or feel that sex as an intrinsic part of themselves it's difficult to explain. Sex is such a complex facet of being human. It can be steeped in deep shame and used as weapon both physically and emotionally. Being constantly sexually rejected tells your partner do not want them. It tells them that you accept or put up with everything about them, except that.”
Other members echoed similar feelings of rejection, sadness and frustration. “You're still in love with your spouse, and you know they are with you, too, but it feels like this big chunk of your relationship is just missing.,” said one. “There's a hole where the physical intimacy should be….It's the rejection you feel when you make a slightly flirtatious offhand comment and feel their whole body tense up with the unpleasant possibility you might proposition them. You're being rejected, either implicitly or explicitly, every day by the one person you're supposed to know wants you.”
Being a woman in a sexless marriage with lower libido (LL) partner can feel especially isolating. As one woman shared, “The men always want it stereotype is so pervasive that people, my partner included, ignore your concerns entirely, as though you should be happy to be sex-starved because it's seen as a bother.”
No one deserves to be in a relationship where they continually feel rejected, hurt, frustrated and/or where their needs simply aren't being met. But, can a relationship that's become sexless ever be satisfying again?
Amber Hawley is optimistic. “It can be fixed absolutely, I've seen it!” she said.
“The key is what led to the lack of sex in the first place. Feeling connected as a couple and sex go hand in hand. Did the sex dwindle because of life events such as a trauma, having kids, chronic illness, hormones? If so, it can be a matter of needing to make sex a priority again.”
However, both partners need to want to fix things. As Hawley points out, if the lack of sex is because of a buildup of resentment stemming from conflict and communication issues, “those things need to be worked through and addressed before things will likely change.”
One of the bigger mysteries of the NBA season is how Kyle Kuzma lasted as long as he did last June, all the way until the Lakers took him with the 27th pick of the draft.
Kuzma has emerged as one of the top scorers in what looks like a terrific rookie class, including Kuzma's Laker teammate, Lonzo Ball, Boston's Jayson Tatum, Chicago's Lauri Markkanen, and Utah's Donovan Mitchell. But those four players were all long off the board by the time Kuzma heard his name called by the Lakers.
By now it's become apparent that Kuzma should have been drafted way sooner. Adding to his growing resume, he went into the record books on Christmas by scoring 31 points, the most by a Laker rookie on Christmas Day and the most by a rookie since LeBron James in 2003, in a loss to Minnesota. He already had become the team's greatest scoring rookie since the legendary Jerry West, nearly 60 years ago, while becoming the first rookie in NBA history to score at least 38 points in a game, with seven three-pointers, and while shooting at least 70 percent from the field. In his last 16 games he's connected on 44 threes in only 90 attempts -- a sizzling 49 percent. And in his last five games he's putting up All-NBA numbers: 27.8 ppg on 52% shooting overall, 56% on three-pointers and with eight rebounds per game.
So how did he ever last until the fourth pick from the bottom of the first round? According to NBA executives and scouts who saw him play for the University of Utah, he just didn't make much of an impact in 96 college games. That's no small sample. While he improved his overall shooting to slightly over 50 percent by the time he declared for the NBA, his three-point shooting numbers (32%, 26%, 32%) and free throw shooting (63%) hardly helped his draft stock.
As one Western Conference GM said of the 6-9 Kuzma, now starting sometimes at forward for the Lakers: "Teams that had seen him play for three years in college saw a nice, all-around player without a position. They saw a non-range shooter and an average athlete.''
It must be difficult for Kuzma's college opponents to believe that this is the same player who made only 51 threes in 169 attempts (30%) during his Utah career.
The Lakers rave about his intensity and effort, but even some NBA players who had seen Kuzma's games in the Pac-12 noted that his performances were often spotty, including the Warriors' Draymond Green.
"When you looked at Kuzma in college, you'd see stretches where it's like, "Oh man, this kid is good, he's skilled and he's talented,'' Green said after a recent overtime win over the Lakers. "Then you'd see some stretches where it looked like he wasn't interested at all, which is why he was the 27th pick and not a top-10 pick. A lot of people are beating themselves in the head now. But even when you looked at it, you can't be like, "Oh man, this kid is a top-10 pick.' Sometimes this kid didn't look interested.''
The so-called draft experts took note of Kuzma's shortcomings, as well. NBAdraft.net pegged him as a late first-rounder: "Kuzma shows a great deal of talent and skill but still needs to put it all together and sustain his intensity and focus...He can be too wild with the ball in his hands. He will force the issue too often ... and be turnover prone. He also does not have a very reliable mid-range game or off the dribble jumper.''
So far, Kuzma has proved the naysayers wrong, averaging 18 ppg on 50% shooting and 42% from beyond the three-point arc. He's picked up from his break-out performances as the MVP of the Las Vegas Summer League championship game, where he went up against other rookies. During his first 31 games, he's also raised his foul shooting to a respectable 76 percent. His torrid three-point shooting, highlighted by his recent record-setting performance at Houston in the Lakers' best win of the season, still surprises some NBA GMs. "The question he has to answer is whether the shooting is sustainable,'' said the Western Conference executive.
What else did the pros miss on? Now some of the teams look back at his Utah days and think he's another example of the college game or college coaches who limit players and confine them in their particular systems. They also see Mitchell, who played two seasons at Louisville and was the No. 13 selection overall by the Jazz, as another example of a player who was not able to showcase his talents because of his college coach or the system. Some teams looked at Kuzma's skimpy resume and the fact he's already 22, old for a draftee when there are so many 19-year olds coming into the NBA, and figured they could find a younger, better player.
Before the draft, in front of all the NBA's GMs and top scouts, Kuzma helped himself at the league combine when he made four of five three-pointers in a game. But some scouts considered that an aberration. Not Magic Johnson, the Lakers' new president, or Rob Pelinka, their first-time GM, as they went into their first draft and needed to hit in big since taking over the basketball operations three months earlier. In a rebuilding campaign, they took Ball at No. 2 overall, believing that even with his funky shot and problems defending quicker point guards, he'd be the floor leader they needed, a player other players wanted to play with, and the kind of rare talent who could make his teammates better. With Kuzma, they were taking more of a risk on a pick they had acquired when they sent off Ball's predecessor, D'Angelo Russell, to the Brooklyn Nets. His starting salary is only $1.4 million for this season, compared to Ball's $6.3 million.
"Less was more for the Lakers,'' the GM noted. "With what they saw at the combine, that helped them make up their mind. Usually, evaluations made solely at the combine backfire, but this time paid off.''
Actually, the Lakers didn't just go on the combine performance. They had been closely tracking Kuzma since his sophomore season. Their long-time assistant coach and scout, Bill Bertka, who had been on Pat Riley's bench during the Johnson-Showtime Era in the 1980s, saw Kuzma's potential from the time he first watched him, during a Pac-12 Tournament game in 2016. Despite the unimpressive shooting numbers, Bertka saw a player with "very good skills.'' As he told the Los Angeles Times recently, "He can play in the post. He can play on the perimeter. He runs the floor. But that thing that set him apart was his effort.''
They saw it and other teams didn't. Now the Lakers have the steal of the 2017 draft.
Listen to Mitch Lawrence on SiriusXM NBA Radio on The Starting Lineup, Above The Rim, NBA Today and NBA Weekend. Follow him on Twitter: @Mitch_Lawrence.
Dear Battlefield™ player,
We wanted to give you a heads-up for an update to the Battlelog Mobile App coming this fall. Introducing the Battlefield Companion, a complete overhaul of the Battlelog Mobile App designed to make your mobile Battlefield experience even better.
Here are some of the highlights:
OPTIMZED INTERFACE – The Battlefield Companion will have a new and fresh look, better navigation, and support for Battlefield™ 1.
CAREER – The Career section will be your new profile and identity of Battlefield. Here you can explore your stats and achievements and see how your friends are doing.
CUSTOMIZATION – Explore and customize your soldier's loadout while on the go - with full support for Battlefield 1.
The current Battlelog Mobile App experience will remain available through the new Battlefield Companion and mobile browsers after this update. If you do not wish to update your Battlelog Mobile App to the new Battlefield Companion, please do not accept updates to the Battlelog Mobile App.
Battlefield Companion supports Battlefield 1 and Battlefield 4.
Thanks for reading and stay tuned for more information about the release and features of the Battlefield Companion.
Former coach Mike Leach sued ESPN and a public relations firm Wednesday, accusing them of libel and slander after he was fired by Texas Tech amid charges that he mistreated receiver Adam James, the son of ESPN college football analyst Craig James.
The suit filed in Texas district court claims the network's coverage of Leach's firing last year was "willful and negligent defamation" and that it failed to "retract false and damaging statements" it made from "misinformation" provided to ESPN by Craig James.
ESPN spokesman Josh Krulewitz said the company has not seen the lawsuit and that it would be inappropriate to comment.
Leach attorney Ted Liggett said the former coach wants "to set the record" straight.
"Mike Leach is adamant," Liggett said. "Mike Leach wants his name cleared. His reputation has taken a severe hit and been tarnished."
The university fired Leach on Dec. 30, two days after suspending him amid allegations he mistreated Adam James. Leach has denied the claim.
Adam James has said his coach twice ordered him to stand for hours while confined in a dark place during practice. On Wednesday, Liggett claimed that Adam James said under oath that he thought it was "humorous" what Leach told him to do and that he didn't think Leach should have been fired.
The suit, which seeks undisclosed damages and retractions from ESPN and the PR firm, was filed now because the statute of limitations on slander and libel is one year.
"On a daily basis we're still seeing stories across the country with accounts Leach claims are counter to the truth," Liggett said. "Mike Leach is looking forward to getting back into coaching -- he's said that on several occasions."
Leach was fired a few days before Texas Tech beat Michigan State in the Alamo Bowl. Craig James was slated to be a broadcaster but was replaced by Mike Patrick, according to the suit.
The suit identifies another broadcaster -- Liggett said the mistake would be amended -- and says he described Adam James to "an audience of millions" and declared: "There is Adam James, who is the young man who was actually punished for having a concussion."
Craig James is also a defendant in the lawsuit Leach filed against Texas Tech when he was fired. The university has appealed a ruling that Texas Tech waived its sovereign immunity protection by its conduct in Leach's firing. A ruling is pending from the 7th Court of Appeals in Amarillo, Texas.
In June, State District Judge William C. Sowder dismissed three top administrators -- university system chancellor Kent Hance, school president Guy Bailey, athletic director Gerald Myers -- from that suit. The two sides earlier this week agreed that the three would not face future lawsuits over Leach's firing.
The libel suit also names Spaeth Communications as a defendant, claiming James hired the firm for "purposes of creating public opinion hostile to Leach."
Liggett said Spaeth was behind the Internet posting of a video Adam James shot while he stood in one of the dark places.
"Because his effort to sue Texas Tech University failed, it now appears that Coach Leach is looking for someone else to blame, and has shifted his focus to the Craig James family, ESPN and Spaeth Communications," Rebecca Shaw, a Spaeth Communications spokeswoman said in a statement. "This lawsuit is the predictable strategy of a man who is desperate to avoid accountability for his own behavior."
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report.
Police have launched an investigation into reports that a man attacked a woman with a sex toy in a busy Glasgow pub.
The victim was accosted in Maggie Mays shortly before 6pm on Monday, when her male companion left the table to go to the bar.
It is understood he pushed the toy into the victim's mouth.
When the woman's companion returned from the bar he assaulted the attacker who had to be taken to hospital.
A worker at the Merchant City pub said: "Someone came in and said he had toys from Ann Summers. When the guy she was with saw what was happening he went absolutely mental and battered him."
Another eyewitness said: "The woman was really upset and started screaming. He got a real kicking and probably deserved it."
A spokeswoman for the Scottish Ambulance Service said a 55-year-old man was taken to the Glasgow Royal Infirmary after regaining consciousness.
A spokeswoman for Police Scotland said: "We were called to Maggie Mays in Trongate at 5.50pm to a report of an assault.A man was taken to hospital and later released. There have been no arrests and inquiries are ongoing."
Maggie Mays' general manager declined to comment.
A moment of silence for some of the victims of the war on mutants with curls (though Bobby and Wanda are still defiant from time to time)
kispesan
How did I know this “argument” would come up?
Here's Kitty Pryde by John Byrne (first to draw her), Allen Milgrom, Alen Davis, Mary Wilshire, Paul Smith, Jackson Guice, John Romita Jr, Brett Blevins, etc etc etc it is really not hard to go on because it's almost as if Kitty Pryde was designed with and used to consistently have curly hair, and maybe it's not a perm on a 13 year old, maybe she is a Jewish girl who just naturally has curly hair like a lot of Jewish people, who happened to loose it around the same time she also forever lost her Star of David necklace:
Here's Roberto by Bob McLeod (co-creator, first to draw him) in his first appearance (note the fancy colouring of the times for the graphic novel) and character designing sketch, you know, designing him with curls because he is half Black and takes after his father, and a few other artists from New Mutants vol 1; Mary Wilshire, Steve Leialoha and Jackson Guice:
Here's some more art of Wanda Maximoff, a Jewish and Romani gal with all her beautiful curls that hey, somehow weren't at all that hard to draw before LOL, by Jack Kirby (first to draw her, back of her head because that amazing headgear hides most of her hair), Rick Leonardi, Richard Howell and:
And Nightcrawler may not be a minority, unless you want to count blueness in the world of Marvel, but he's frequently been coded as one, and he is still part of a larger scheme of curly haired characters loosing their curly hair, so I decided to include him. Also because he looks best with curly hair IMO. Here's some Nightcrawler art by Dave Cockrum (co-creator, first to draw him) in his first appearance, Paul Smith, John Romita Jr and Alan Davis:
So tell me, why is it that curls are not too hard for all of these artists? And am I seriously supposed to believe that all these characters just have perms? Where the fuck would Nightcrawler go for a perm? And how could Wanda get and maintain one, when she grew up in poverty and constantly moving around? Or maybe, just maybe, not every damn character has straight hair, and maybe, just maybe, it's the racism/antisemitism.
And if you struggle to draw different types of hair, then that means you should practice instead of just drawing them with straight hair because that's easier for you, and means you don't have to improve as an artist.
It has become somewhat common to read stories or see surveys about the fact that the United States' ranking in scientific and mathematical competency is lower than we would like it to be, or about how the nation's research output is declining. But what is less often discussed are the underlying causes of these trends, and what may be done to address them. One simple solution is to throw more money at the problem, but whether this would result in any improvement proportional to the money spent has yet to be determined. The underlying assumption behind the money-throwing approach is that if kids learn more science and math, things would trickle down through time. When they grow up, they would become part of a more competent, scientifically literate populace that would have more scientists and engineers. The more people doing innovative research, the better for the economy, our country, and the world at large.
A new survey suggests that there may be a much simpler alternative to simply throwing money at the problem. Instead of—or in addition to—just upping funding, the survey discovered that encouraging working scientists and engineers to go out and meet with young people can result in a positive change.
The survey, conducted by the Lemelson-MIT Program, revealed that teens in America have an interest in science, engineering, and mathematics, but a lack of understanding about career paths in these fields is holding them back. The survey also suggests that this lack of knowledge could be easily fixed if those of us who currently enjoy a career in such fields would step up and get out. In fact, almost two-thirds of teen respondents to the survey said that the lack of a mentor would discourage them from entering a science or engineering career.
The interest is there
The 2009 Lemelson-MIT Innovation Index (LMII) found that "an overwhelming majority of teenagers surveyed expressed interest in science, technology, engineering and mathematics with 'curiosity about the way things work' as the driving factor for their interest." Of course, "overwhelming" is a useless PR word and has little scientific value, so let's put a number behind it: a full 85 percent of the teens surveyed showed interest in STEM fields. In addition to merely showing interest, 80 percent of those surveyed felt that their schools had sufficiently prepared them—or was in the process of preparing them—for such a career choice.
What is it about these fields that capture the interest of the young? While these careers pay well, by and large, they won't make someone immeasurably rich. (You will rarely, if ever, see scientists or engineers rollin' in a Bently Continental GT Coupe or Aston Martin DB9 while sipping Cristal.) More than half of the respondents reported altruistic reasons for their interest in STEM; 30 percent wanted to help the environment, while another 26 percent wanted to improve society. Less than one-fifth of the respondents cited money or fame as a motivating factor.
The LMII also tried to get a sense of how teens view people in these careers. As an engineer, I could personally be described by the adjective that would first come to the mind of many when they think of the typical engineer: nerdy. Indeed, when I was in graduate school, my wife taught pre-school; she once told me about how she and her co-teacher asked the kids what a scientist looks like. The response from the pre-schoolers was along the lines of "someone who wears glasses and is kind of dorky." But it seems that with a little more perspective on the world, teens have a different view of those in STEM fields. Only five percent of respondents selected "nerdy" as the best-fitting description of scientists, engineers, and mathematicians. The majority (55 percent) described them as "intelligent," with 25 percent of the other respondents choosing "successful" as the best descriptor.
So with all the positive attitudes, why aren't these young, interested parties flooding the engineering and science halls of academia across the country? The LMII found that nearly two-thirds (59 percent) of the interested respondents—despite feeling prepared—felt discouraged from pursuing a STEM field career because they don't know anyone who works in the field, or they don't know what these people do. Clearly, young people are interested in STEM careers, but they want to hear from some sort of mentor.
All it takes is you
Students deciding on a path of study can read all the college brochures and talk to professors all day long, but this won't really give them an idea of what truly happens in various fields. It might give some insight into the academic side of STEM, but it won't give them access to the real-world, hands-on experience that those of us working in these fields go through every day. The real solution is for people in STEM fields to make themselves available to talk with interested young people.
Meeting a person who works in a given field is not terribly difficult—any local community college has someone in any number of STEM fields on staff—but actually knowing what kind of work is done in a given area of study is a bit more of an overwhelming task. Speaking as a chemical engineer, I can honestly say that most people have no clue what a chemical engineer does, and they can't give a concise description of what the field even is. (The lack of knowledge of what goes on in STEM fields, engineering in particular, is something I have covered in the past.)
At last year's AAAS meeting I attended a lecture series about marketing engineering where various people spoke about different initiatives and efforts that would allow engineering—specifically the four engineering societies (Chemical, Civil, Mechanical, and Electrical)—to educate the public about what engineers do. To overcome this dearth of knowledge, the group produced the slogan "Engineers make a world of difference." Whether that slogan alone will incite people to flock to engineering careers is open to debate, but the entire premise behind the drive highlights the fact that, for the most part, what people in STEM fields do is not always clear to outsiders.
Many of us in STEM fields often don't know what's involved in bringing science to young people, so to help out in this regard I have been in contact with a variety of programs that do science outreach with a focus on various fields. At the end of this article, I'll list contact information for each of the groups discussed, so that if one of them seems up your alley, you can let them know you want to help out. It should come as no surprise that we at Nobel Intent are big supporters of outreach programs, and many of us have participated in them personally throughout the years. I first did this formally while an undergraduate at the University of Delaware.
The Associated Press witnessed first-hand the growth of a digital phenomenon – brand identity theft. On Wednesday the AP printed a story based on a fake press release sent from a site designed to mirror the look and feel of a real corporate newsroom, even down to the logo. On top of that, the URL was a pluralization of the real site's URL. In our new world of semi-automated news distribution, the AP processed the story and sent it out to USA Today and thousands of other news sites. Thirty minutes later the AP retracted the story. Was there any damage done? No one really knows, but it shows how fast news can travel digitally and the power brand identity theft could have.
Over the last year there has been a rise in Twitter accounts posing as corporations. The first to enter public awareness was during the BP oil spill. A prankster created an account pretending to be from BP public relations and released insensitive, if not tongue-in-cheek satirical, tweets about the company's stance on the Gulf oil spill. This was quickly followed by fake accounts for Paramount Films, Aston Martin and even chief satirist Stephen Colbert. This latest incident represents a graduation in brand identity theft – from simple Twitter accounts to well planned and executed faked websites and press releases.
This means that the stakes are now a bit higher. The reputation of news organizations are now on the line to make sure that the stories they print are indeed factual. This is not news to the news industry, but it is just elevated to a different level. When I was working in news, it was common to get one or two faked images sent to me from viewers. My favorite was the guy that took a picture of ice cubes claiming it was golf ball sized hail falling in his backyard. My email back to him, educating him that hail does not fall in the crescent shaped form from an ice maker, went unanswered. There was an uptick in events like this the last few years, but now with social media, the pace and incident rate is and will be increasing. Beyond the newsroom, it's also important for companies who may be targeted to keep a close eye on what is being said about them online and on-air, and do a few basic things to defend their brand.
One key defense is speed. Companies must have an organized plan in place so they can react quickly when this happens, both online and offline. A good defense is also important: obtain all domain extensions of your site (.net, .biz), pluralizations of your site (mycompany.com, mycompanies.com, etc.) and even consider common newsroom alternatives (mycompanynews.com, mycompanynewsroom.com). A few dollars in defense investment could save you thousands of dollars in lost time and brand equity if a prankster targets you online.
Jim Nichols is the Senior Digital Strategist at Stern + Associates, a full-service communications firm that fuses the best of public relations, traditional media, digital, marketing and direct engagement strategies through its Connected Communications SM approach. He can be reached at jim@sternassociates.com
Image Via Wikipedia/Wiki Commons
Recommendation engines are among the hottest properties on the web. These sites make make recommendations by mining the pattern of links that crop up in social networks.
Facebook recommends new contacts based on the pattern of connections between existing users, Amazon recommends books and other products based on purchase histories and Netflix recommends movies based historical ratings.
To be sure, these sites produce useful results for users which can dramatically increase sales for a merchant. But they can also compromise privacy. For example, a social network recommendation might reveal that one person has been in email contact with another or that an individual has bought a certain product or watched a specific film. It may even be a breach of privacy to discover that your friend doesn't trust your judgement in books.
In fact there's a long history of privacy controversies associated with social networks. In 2007, Facebook caused a storm by revealing people's purchase history to their friends. At about the same time, a team of researchers de-anonymised a dataset of movie recommendations released by Netflix by comparing it to a publicly available dataset of movie ratings on the Internet Movie Database. And more recently, Google drew a storm of criticism when launching its social network Buzz because it revealed details about people's email network to others.
Today, Aleksandra Korolova at Stanford University with Ashwin Machanavajjhala and Atish Das Sarmait, say that privacy breaches are inevitable when networks are exploited in this way. In fact, they've worked out a fundamental limit to the level of privacy that is possible when social networks are mined for recommendations.
That's quite a task given that there are various different approaches to making recommendations. However, Korolova, Machanavajjhala and Sarmait have come up with a general model that captures the essence of the problem.
Their approach is to consider a general graph consisting of various nodes and the links between them. This may be network in which the nodes are books, say, and a link between two nodes represents the purchase of one book by the owner of another. The team consider all these links to be private information.
Korolova, Machanavajjhala and Sarmait then consider an attacker who wants to work out the existence of a link in the graph from a particular recommendation. So given the knowledge that people who bought book x also bought book y, is it possible to determine a purchase decision made by a specific individual?
To do this, Korolova, Machanavajjhala and Sarmait define a privacy differential as the ratio of the likelihoods that the website makes such a recommendation with the using the private purchase decision in question and without it.
The question they then ask is to what extent can recommendaitons be made while preserving this privacy differential.
It turns out that there is a trade off between the accuracy of the recommendation and the privacy of the network. So a loss of privacy is inevitable for a good recommendation engine.
The group also look at ways of preserving privacy by anonymizing data, for example by adding noise to it. They even compare different privacy preserving algorithms using a dataset of voting patterns on Wikipedia.
The results are not entirely encouraging. the trade off between the accuracy of the recommendations and privacy is always apparent. “This finding throws into serious question the feasibility of developing social recommendation algorithms that are both accurate and privacy-preserving for many real-world settings,” say the team.
That's a potentially explosive result. But it would be unfair to jump to conclusions too quickly. It's fair to say that this group's definition of privacy is enormously strict (as it should be). BUt that makes it all the more important to quantify exactly what privacy issues are at stake in each kind of social network before making a judgement.
That will be a tricky task but one that recommendation engines may be forced to pursue.
Ref: arxiv.org/abs/1004.5600: On the (Im)possibility of Preserving Utility and Privacy in Personalized Social Recommendations
1. MR. GARFIEL. The character in very problematic since he's basically a walking stereotype of gay men common in manga- v. muscular yet effeminate even with the traditional suspenders deal those characters seem to have, his sexuality is entirely played for humor and is treated by male characters as gross- especially in the manga where he offers to “entertain” Ed and Al and they run away, or one of the customers complains that “Mr. Garfiel looks at me weird” “you should be grateful to be looked at like that by a sexy guy like me1!!"
He has no character depth or arc and of course he's single. His character is entirely there to be the "funny, kinda weird but ultimately harmless gay man all the dudes are uncomfortable around haha!” It's a gross stereotype, it's tired, and it needs to stop.
The only good factor is Winry seems to really like and respect him, calling him her idol in the guidebook and everything, Paninya and Ling are okay with him too (which also sort of feeds into a stereotype tho, he's their “gay friend”, and he pretty much acts as Winry's “sassy gay friend” when she talks to him about Ed in the manga) and he's portrayed as good at his job. One omake also basically plays his sexuality as a joke, implying it basically makes him a woman (which okay if he was supposed to be trans that'd be legit, but no, clearly the joke is he ISN'T a woman but acts like he is liking guys and being effiminate and all hahaha so funnny)
Of course, it could have been worse, he could have been represented as a sexual predator or as mentally disturbed (like the crossdressing/effiminate characters in 2003 were) UNFORTUNATELY the Brotherhood omakes decide to DO JUST THAT, portraying him as a sexual predator who is stalking Kimblee FOR LAUGHS. This is solely a Brotherhood omakes problem, not the manga, but it is fucking unacceptable.
so yeah, Mr. Garfiel is problematic I want to write a fanfic sometime that actually giving him backstory and arc and shit, so many fma projects ugh.
2. The sexual harassment of Rebecca- as mentioned previously, I liked that it was called out as such in the manga, it was made clear Rebecca was not okay with it and Grumman was a shady dude in general, she was able to talk about what happened to her and rail against it (unlike rose in 2003 oops). But it really could have stood to be explored more and completely punished in story even in the manga, especially since the panel where he did slap her butt was presented very lightly. Brotherhood just completely glossed over it and removed rebecca's comment complaining about it, which is very Not Okay.
3. FMA is p. heteronormative in general even disregarding how Garfiel is handled, gayness is never directly discussed and all the major characters are implied to be straight with heavily implied or canon opposite sex love interests- no acknowledgement of trans individuals either. I try to fix this in my heart by reading lesbians and pansexuality into everything, but it's problem in the text.
4. I do think Ed could have stood to be called out on the fact he equated what happened to the Ishvalans with what happened to Resembool and Winry- that was not cool, it made sense for his character to say it, but he needed to be called out like he was on so many other things.
Also Brotherhood waaay simplified the line about “Different cultures clash, but when we talk to each other as individuals” i think it's possible to talk as equals in the manga to being near colorblind rhetoric and the dub made it basically the douchiest line possible
5. As far as the other stuff regarding race goes, I acknowledge that some people see some of the messages as being very uncomfortable and pushing forward “this is how a good minority should act” and that's a valid reading and I respect it. I personally used to have more problems with it after it was pointed out, but reading missturdles and other's meta, I really found that it made sense to me and their interp was based on sound facts too, so I agree with THAT reading, and since that interpretation is made by people who are really thoughtful AND have the authority on the situation i do not, i see it as just as valid as the other reading. But any person of color's reading always has more authority than my view on this issue, and I will respect that. I will not, however, respect other white people trying to attack me about racism to further their own agenda against me regarding a fucking anime.
Also the fact that Arakawa shares ancestry with the Ainu, an oppressed minority in Japan, and is clearly very passionate about that part of her heritage and is openly tries to spread awareness, and has said the Ishvalan commentary is on that, SHE actually has more place to talk about this than me and any of the majority ppl who criticize her, and I'm not gonna challenge something based on her own ancestors struggles, my 50-shades-of-white ass has no place.
6. Ed could have been called out on how he talked to Rose a bit more, though I do think it's important that Winry straight up said “he should not have talked to a depressed person that way” i luv you winry okay i'll stop.
7. This isn't so much problematic as “could use improvement” but as much as I LOVED the lady relationships we were given and felt they were positive and progressive and major, there could have stood to be more screentime for them, making them as prominent as Ed and Ling or whatever. Could have also used some sisters to go with all the bros.
8. I acknowledge that with the general trend in fiction, it's a bit tiring that a lot of the ladies were really tied to the men in their lives. However, they still had agency and character arcs not solely about men (or even majorly about men) and other priorities, all the men had significant women in their lives too, and i feel there was a lot of subversion going on, so while it is open to criticism, it's complex issue that people often get wrong imo and reduce to “she likes a dude and he's important to her therefore she's not feminist and has no agency!!!”
annnd those are the major points i can think of. Probably there's a couple more, but. FMA is definitely not perf and i've discussed this multiple times, as much as i love it. Theee end.
He also used a term that some right-wing websites, commentators and Fox News personalities have for months advanced for a violent segment of left-wing activists — the alt-left.
“What about the alt-left that came charging at, as you say, at the alt-right?” the president said from Trump Tower in New York, addressing Saturday's violence in Virginia.
The term alt-left or violent left has been used by some on the right to describe anti-Trump protesters and Black Lives Matter activists. But it has been used most often for “anti-fascist” groups, also known as antifa, that have mobilized to confront right-wing gatherings, sometimes escalating to violence.
Related: [Trump again blames ‘both sides' in Charlottesville, says some counterprotesters were ‘very, very violent']
Trump used it as the flip side to the “alt-right,” a term used to describe a white nationalist movement and proponents of anti-globalism.
Antifa activists vandalized property and committed acts of violence on Inauguration Day in Washington and during protests at the University of California at Berkeley over a planned speech by then-Breitbart editor Milo Yiannopoulos.
Their actions have been relatively isolated, focused on disrupting white nationalist rallies. However, “Leftist violence” has become a part of how right-wing media discusses Trump's opponents, The Post's wrote. Some of the pro-Trump media have increasingly warned of the dangers of antifa since the inauguration.
Meanwhile, the National Rifle Association has shifted its mission and language to appear as a line of defense against what it calls “the violent left,” spinning images of anarchists bringing peaceful democracy down.
NRA Executive Vice President Wayne LaPierre has warned against a “gathering of forces that are willing to use violence against us.”
Related: [How politicians are reacting to Trump's latest comments on Charlottesville]
“If the violent left brings their terror to our communities, our neighborhoods, or into our homes, they will be met with the resolve and the strength and the full force of American freedom in the hands of the American people,” he said in a Feb. 24 speech at the Conservative Political Action Conference.
Fox News anchor Sean Hannity, a frequent Trump defender, has expanded the term in recent months to include members of the news media.
“The Alt Left Propaganda media will run with every leak to help distract from Obamas & Co's role in spying on @POTUS @realDonaldTrump,” Hannity tweeted in March.
Google searches for “alt-left” spiked in November, with the highest crest following Hannity's Nov. 22 discussion with reporter Rosie Gray on the use of the term “alt-right.”
The use of the term “alt-left" appears to be "a way to point out that there are also extremists on the left — a fact that these conservatives believe is being ignored," The Post's Aaron Blake wrote.
He added that the "difference between alt-right and alt-left is that one of them was coined by the people who comprise the movement and whose movement is clearly ascendant; the other was coined by its opponents and doesn't actually have any subscribers."
Trump, who has insisted language matters when using the phrase “radical Islamic terror” to discuss campaigns against the Islamic State, suffered bipartisan wounds after he took two days to name white supremacists as the drivers of violence in Charlottesville, and then only focusing the blame on “many sides.”
On Tuesday, he called James Alex Fields Jr., the alleged driver of the car that killed counterprotester Heather Heyer, a “disgrace” to the country and his family. Fields was described by a former teacher as a Nazi sympathizer.
That's where the distinctions between white supremacists and counterprotesters for Trump appeared to end.
“You had a group on the other side that came charging in without a permit and they were very, very violent,” he said.
David Weigel contributed to this report.
Read more:
Charlottesville victim: ‘She was there standing up for what was right'
Trump's business advisory councils disband as CEOs abandon president over Charlottesville views
Alex Horton is a general assignment reporter for The Washington Post. He previously covered the military and national security for Stars and Stripes, and served in Iraq as an Army infantryman.
Post Recommends
In 1996, Hillary Clinton declared that her husband's crime policy was aimed at gangs, people who are “often connected to big drug cartels.” She said these are not “just gangs of kids anymore” but are “often the kinds of kids that are called super-predators.” They have “no conscience, no empathy.”
“We can talk about why they ended up that way but first we have to bring them to heel,” Clinton added, as if they were dogs or some kind of other animal.
The racially-coded language Clinton used in 1996 was challenged at a private fundraising event in Charleston, South Carolina, on February 24, three days before the primary.
In a posted video, Black Lives Matter activist Ashley Williams steps up by Clinton and unfurls a banner, as Clinton talks about body cameras for police and other criminal justice reforms she supports. The banner reads, “We have to bring them to heel.” It also has a hashtag at the bottom, “#WhichHillary.”
Clinton is turned away from Williams. As she wraps up her talking point, she pivots to focus on Williams. She has no idea what is on the banner and says we have somebody saying something here. She leans down to read the banner.
“We have to bring them to heel,” she says, and one can hear in the intonation of her voice she slowly realizes these are her words. “Okay, we'll talk about that,” Clinton adds.
Williams demands Clinton apologizes to black people for mass incarceration. She repeats her demand, and Clinton puts her hand up to quiet her and ask, “Can I talk?”
“There are a lot of issues, a lot of issues in this campaign. The very first speech that I gave back in April was about criminal justice reform,” Clinton informs attendees at the fundraiser.
Williams recognizes Clinton is dodging her question and reminds her she called black people “super-predators.”
As Williams interrupts Clinton, one attendee shouts, “You're being rude!” Another says, “This is not appropriate.” A man declares, “You're trespassing!”
But Williams is not. She contributed $500 to attend the fundraising event with mostly upper class white South Carolinians.
As Williams insists, “I am a super-predator” and continues to protest, attendees say, “Excuse me,” and ask her to let Clinton talk. Secret Service remove Williams from the event.
Clinton claims, while Williams is being removed, that she has never been asked about “super-predators” before. “You're the first person to ask me. I'm happy to address it, but you are the first person to ask me.” However, when Clinton thinks Williams has exited, she states, “Okay, back to the issues.”
In other words, back to what matters to the liberal white upper-class supporters of mine in this lavish home.
According to The Washington Post, “The evening fundraising event was not disclosed by the Clinton campaign, although the campaign has voluntarily released information about other fundraisers in the past. The event also was not advertised to news outlets covering Clinton as she campaigns ahead of the primary vote Saturday.”
So, Clinton definitely did not expect to be confronted by anyone at the fundraiser.
The day after, as outrage spread, Jonathan Capehart, a columnist for the Washington Post, obtained a statement from Clinton in which she said of her “super-predator” comment, “Looking back, I shouldn't have used those words, and I wouldn't use them today.”
“My life's work has been about lifting up children and young people who've been let down by the system or by society. Kids who never got the chance they deserved. And unfortunately today, there are way too many of those kids, especially in African-American communities. We haven't done right by them. We need to. We need to end the school to prison pipeline and replace it with a cradle-to-college pipeline,” Clinton added.
“As an advocate, as First Lady, as Senator, I was a champion for children,” Clinton maintained.
That statement is simply not reflected in her record. As First Lady, she supported terrible policies which had a devastating impact on children of color.
On April 29, 2015, Clinton delivered a major criminal justice reform speech at Columbia University. Her summary of her background “challenging” inequities in the legal system entirely omitted how she and her husband, President Clinton, fueled the very racist dynamic which she now wants voters to believe she will appropriately address if elected president. Hillary Clinton championed the need to reform “arbitrary mandatory minimum sentences,” without acknowledging that she and her husband supported a federal “three strikes” law.
Months after voicing his support for “three strikes” in his 1994 State of the Union address, President Clinton signed a $30 billion crime bill that “created dozens of new federal capital crimes, mandated life sentences for some three-time offenders, and authorized more than $16 billion for state prison grants and the expansion of police forces,” as Michelle Alexander, author of “The New Jim Crow,” recently recounted in a column for The Nation.
“I've been encouraged to see changes that I supported as Senator to reduce the unjust federal sentencing disparity between crack and powder cocaine crimes finally become law,” Clinton stated. However, she did not note, as Alexander pointed out, that her husband “supported the 100-to-1 sentencing disparity for crack versus powder cocaine, which produced staggering racial injustice in sentencing and boosted funding for drug-law enforcement.”
Clinton spoke about poverty without acknowledging the policies she supported while Bill Clinton was president, which, according to Alexander, included eliminating “Pell grants for prisoners seeking higher education to prepare for their release,” supporting “laws denying federal financial aid to students with drug convictions, and signing “legislation imposing a lifetime ban on welfare and food stamps for anyone convicted of a felony drug offense—an exceptionally harsh provision given the racially biased drug war that was raging in inner cities.” Bill Clinton “made it easier for public-housing agencies to deny shelter to anyone with any sort of criminal history.”
Why should Hillary Clinton be held accountable for what happened to black Americans in the 1990s under President Bill Clinton, even though these were her husband's policies?
“Hillary wasn't picking out china while she was first lady. She bravely broke the mold and redefined that job in ways no woman ever had before. She not only campaigned for Bill; she also wielded power and significant influence once he was elected, lobbying for legislation and other measures,” Alexander argued. “That record, and her statements from that era, should be scrutinized.”
What is even more significant about this act of protest by Black Lives Matter activists is that it came with a hashtag. In the past twelve hours, it's shown there are a lot of concerns about “#WhichHillary” will govern if she wins the Democratic Party's presidential nomination. And, while the hashtag was intended specifically for issues important to the movement for black lives, it did not take long for the hashtag to be applied to her entire record and her positions on all issues.
Here is a sampling of some of the reactions:
Only recently did Clinton add a “racial justice” tab to her campaign website. In contrast, her opponent in the Democratic primary, Bernie Sanders, announced a racial justice platform back in August 2015, after activists from the movement for black lives confronted Democratic presidential candidates at Netroots Nation.
Finally, this is not the first time Black Lives Matter activists confronted Clinton. She had a “meeting” with them back in August during a campaign stop in New Hampshire.
While the activists did not quote her comment on “super-predators,” she was asked about how she has contributed to policies which have impacted impoverished communities of color.
She told activists, “I do think that there was a different set of concerns back in the '80s and the early '90s. And now I believe we have to look at the world as it is today and try to figure out what will work now. And that's what I'm trying to figure out. That's what I intend to do as president.”
She also said, “The war on drugs, which, you know, started back in the '80s—right?—has had consequences. Increasing penalties for crime and ‘three strikes and you're out' and all of those kinds of actions have had consequences. But it's important to remember—and I certainly remember—that there was a very serious crime wave that was impacting primarily communities of color and poor people. And part of it was that there was just not enough attention paid. So you know, you could argue that people who were trying to address that—including my husband, when he was president—were responding to the very real concerns of people in the communities themselves.”
During that meeting, Hillary Clinton did not have white upper class supporters standing around who would be bothered by activists pushing her on an issue. She coolly responded to their concerns, and what is clear is, despite the defects she perceives in past actions and policies, she is unwilling to criticize what was done by her husband. She is unwilling to meaningfully confront her role in perpetuating the very policies she now wants people to believe she will reform. She is also content with continuing much of the War on Drugs, which has been a key purveyor of the kind of oppression which more and more Americans recognize as completely appalling and outrageous.
Khalifa Hookah - Designer of the Luxury AK-47 Hookah
As one of the world's best designer luxury hookahs, we've designed and built one of the most exotic high-end hookahs ever created. With quality, precision and detail in mind, we aim to enhance your hookah experience. With the right measurements, materials and tools, the quality of smoke that our hookahs produce are described as rich, smooth and flavorful. The engineered designed stainless steel tubing provides for thick clouds, giving the user the best hookah experience.
Designed by professionals, Khalifa Hookah's engineered and patented AK-47 Hookah not only delivers superb thick and flavorful clouds, but it is also a piece of art. Available in several different tiers, each hookah is exceptionally built to exceed your expectations. Each Ak-47 Hookah comes with a plate, glass hose, and base. It also comes with the patented back end extension, for that real AK-47 feel. Made using aircraft grade solid aluminum, and crafted to precision with engineered stainless steel tubing and air chambers installed. All of our AK-47 hookahs come with a 1 year warranty*.
News: What's Tori doing in NYC?
Saturday, May 26, 2012 | Video Posted by Beth on
A couple of readers have tipped us off to recent photos they've taken of Tori in New York. What's she doing there? Dressing spiffy, shopping, hanging out in parks? Let's take a look:
The shot on the left comes from Andrew Bancroft (@jellyd), while the one on the right is courtesy @jromero23, who explains it's a photo of “Tori Amos grocery shopping around my neighborhood.” We're not so sure Tori wears shiny blue pants and weird orange armbands when she does her shopping for Vietnamese groceries, personally. Likewise, does she wear spike heels to pigeon-gaze? It doesn't seem likely.
Some folks have speculated that she's in town filming a new video. That's all it is for now — speculation — though there were recent casting calls for a video. These images are pretty reminiscent of the AATS visualettes, no?
EDIT: For more shots of Tori in NYC, go here or check out our photo album on Facebook.
Posted by Roaming
1. The community is toxic. Not every game. But every session I play, be it lucioball... quickplay.. or comp.. I see at least one person who deserves some form of reprimand based on the categories in the system .
2. No one fears the system. Take a look at the title of the now viral 2k+ report troll. "Lol one week ban" And can you blame him? This is his THIRD suspension, he has a year chat ban, and averages 4 reports PER DAY, if we assumed he began playing at launch.
3. He is one of the worst offenders.. and looking at the stats I mentioned, you can see why. It's an incredible pace to keep up. But if the WORST offender is only getting a 7 day wrist slap... and he gets reported minimal 4 times per day...
4. The rest of the community is literally being unchecked.
You make some really good points and we agree. The reporting and punishment system is currently one of our prime focuses. You will be seeing a developer update about this very soon (we recorded it last week -- not sure when it's going live).We have short, medium and long term plans and we haven't done a great job in communicating all of these things to you. In the short term we are re-evaluating every punishment and are in the process of converting silences over to suspensions. We're also increasing the length of suspensions. Pretty soon, we hope for silences to go away all together and only have suspensions and bans for punishments (with a few exceptions like forced BattleTag changes for naming violations). Also in the short term, we've been testing an email notification system to let you know when someone you've reported has been actioned. We cannot provide a lot of detail in these emails but they only go out if an action has taken place (meaning your report contributed to someone getting suspended). The other short term thing we just did was ban a number of accounts for boosting in Season 5. These accounts were actioned either yesterday or are in the process of being actioned. They will lose all Season 5 rewards.In the medium term, we're looking to completely ban repeated Competitive offenders meaning if you've been banned for more than X seasons, we will ban you from ever playing competitive again. We also want to increase the email notification system to other forms of reporting as well as work on an in-game notification system to let you know that your reports are doing something (this will edge more into the long term section -- the in game part). For Season 6, we're going to be way more aggressive with boosting/throwing or any sort of SR manipulation. We have some very smart people who are getting very good at detecting this behavior and we are actively building systems (and punishments) around SR abuse. Also in the medium term, we have a new series of punishments we're going to try that escalates much more quickly (so you don't have egregious cases like the one you're referencing). Basically, extreme offenders will "strike out" of the game much quicker. As part of these increasing punishments, we're looking to make it so that offenders get blocked from Competitive play much sooner -- more details on this as we get closer.In the long term, we really want to work on systems that encourage positive behavior and reward good players. It really bums us out to spend so much time punishing people for being bad sports. We like making cool, fun game systems -- that's what we do for a living. But because people seem to lack self-control or because people like to abuse anonymity and free speech we're put in a position of spending a tremendous amount of our time and resources policing the community. We will do this as it is our responsibility but we'd like to spend more time rewarding good players rather than having to focus on poor sportsmanship and unacceptable bad behavior so much. Like it or not, this is an "us, the OW community problem" and not just an "OW team problem". For better or for worse, we're in this together.We're working hard to make changes. I hope you all do too.
I am aware of 5 general categories where recompiling a C++03 compiler as C++11 can cause unbounded performance increases that are practically unrelated to quality of implementation. These are all variations of move semantics.
std::vector reallocate
struct bar{ std::vector<int> data; }; std::vector<bar> foo(1); foo.back().data.push_back(3); foo.reserve(10); // two allocations and a deleted occur in C++03
every time the foo 's buffer is reallocated in C++03 it copied every vector in bar .
In C++11 it instead moves the bar::data s, which is basically free.
In this case, this relies on optimizations inside the std container vector . In every case below, the use of std containers is just because they are C++ objects that have efficient move semantics in C++11 "automatically" when you upgrade your compiler. Objects that don't block it that contain a std container also inherit the automatic improved move constructors.
NRVO failure
When NRVO (named return value optimization) fails, in C++03 it falls back on copy, on C++11 it falls back on move. Failures of NRVO are easy:
std::vector<int> foo(int count){ std::vector<int> v; // oops if (count<=0) return std::vector<int>(); v.reserve(count); for(int i=0;i<count;++i) v.push_back(i); return v; }
or even:
std::vector<int> foo(bool which) { std::vector<int> a, b; // do work, filling a and b, using the other for calculations if (which) return a; else return b; }
We have three values -- the return value, and two different values within the function. Elision allows the values within the function to be 'merged' with the return value, but not with each other. They both cannot be merged with the return value without merging with each other.
The basic issue is that NRVO elision is fragile, and code with changes not near the return site can suddenly have massive performance reductions at that spot with no diagnostic emitted. In most NRVO failure cases C++11 ends up with a move , while C++03 ends up with a copy.
Returning a function argument
Elision is also impossible here:
std::set<int> func(std::set<int> in){ return in; }
in C++11 this is cheap: in C++03 there is no way to avoid the copy. Arguments to functions cannot be elided with the return value, because the lifetime and location of the parameter and return value is managed by the calling code.
However, C++11 can move from one to the other. (In a less toy example, something might be done to the set ).
push_back or insert
Finally elision into containers does not happen: but C++11 overloads rvalue move insert operators, which saves copies.
struct whatever { std::string data; int count; whatever( std::string d, int c ):data(d), count(c) {} }; std::vector<whatever> v; v.push_back( whatever("some long string goes here", 3) );
in C++03 a temporary whatever is created, then it is copied into the vector v . 2 std::string buffers are allocated, each with identical data, and one is discarded.
In C++11 a temporary whatever is created. The whatever&& push_back overload then move s that temporary into the vector v . One std::string buffer is allocated, and moved into the vector. An empty std::string is discarded.
Assignment
Stolen from @Jarod42's answer below.
Elision cannot occur with assignment, but move-from can.
std::set<int> some_function(); std::set<int> some_value; // code some_value = some_function();
here some_function returns a candidate to elide from, but because it is not used to construct an object directly, it cannot be elided. In C++03, the above results in the contents of the temporary being copied into some_value . In C++11, it is moved into some_value , which basically is free.
For the full effect of the above, you need a compiler that synthesizes move constructors and assignment for you.
MSVC 2013 implements move constructors in std containers, but does not synthesize move constructors on your types.
So types containing std::vector s and similar do not get such improvements in MSVC2013, but will start getting them in MSVC2015.
The 660,000-strong paramilitary police force is responsible for border patrol, counterterrorism and fire-fighting, as well as maintaining domestic stability and other tasks
ADVERTISING Read more
Beijing (AFP)
China's paramilitary police force will soon be commanded by the Chinese Communist Party's armed forces, a report said Wednesday, the latest sign of the leadership's resolve to centralise power.
The move puts the force, which maintains domestic security, squarely under the command of President Xi Jinping, who is also head of the military.
The 660,000-strong force is responsible for border patrol, counterterrorism and fire-fighting, as well as maintaining domestic stability and other tasks.
It is currently under the dual leadership of the government's cabinet, the State Council, and the party's Central Military Commission.
By contrast, and unlike most countries, China's armed forces are permanently under the control of its ruling political party, the CCP, rather than the state.
"From Jan. 1, 2018 ... the armed police will be a division under the Central Military Commission only," the official Xinhua news agency reported on Wednesday, citing a Central Committee statement.
The report did not give a reason for the command structure change.
But a commentary in party mouthpiece People's Daily said it was a "major innovation" that "strengthens the party's absolute leadership over the armed forces ... and ensures the long-term peace and stability of the party and the country".
The strongest leader in a generation, Xi has sought to strengthen the party's control over all aspects of Chinese society.
Since coming to power in 2012, he has presided over sweeping reforms intended to transform the country's military from a musty Soviet-era relic into a modern fighting force.
The changes have included the replacement of top military brass with Xi loyalists.
Analysts said the latest consolidation could have arisen from anxiety over the potential use of the police force to stage a coup.
In October, senior party official Liu Shiyu congratulated Xi for foiling efforts of powerful officials who "plotted to usurp the party's leadership and seize state power."
Liu listed former security czar Zhou Yongkang and former Chongqing party chiefs Bo Xilai and Sun Zhengcai as members of the conspiracy, which was rumoured to have involved military officials.
All three have been ousted from the CCP and arrested or jailed on corruption charges.
"Strengthening the party's leadership of both the army and the armed police could reflect (worries) about the armed police becoming a tool for individual conspiracy," political scholar Hu Xingdou told AFP.
The announcement followed the first meeting this week of the 205-member Central Committee after a once-in-ten-years meeting of the CCP in November bolstered the party's power.
© 2017 AFP
The type braincase of Viavenator exxoni (MAU-Pv-LI-530) was recovered complete and isolated from most of the other skull bones. Although the braincase is crossed by numerous fractures, using CT scans allowed the generation of 3D renderings of the endocranial cavity enclosing the brain, cranial nerves, and blood vessels, as well as the labyrinth of the inner ear. Within the abelisaurids, the only taxon with a complete braincase and known endocranial morphology is Majungasaurus crenatissimus, from Madagascar. In turn, in Argentina, partial endocranial morphology is known for another two Cretaceous forms: Abelisaurus comahuensis and Aucasaurus garridoi. Here, we present the most complete reconstruction of the neuroanatomy for a representative of the clade in South America. These findings add knowledge to the field of theropod paleoneuroanatomy in general, and abelisaurid diversity in particular. Comparisons of Viavenator with other abelisaurids indicate greater similarity with Aucasaurus than with Majungasaurus, suggesting that South American forms shared the same neurosensorial capabilities, which include larger flocculus of the cerebellum and larger olfactory ratios than the form from Madagascar.
The diversity of fields in the medical sciences entails a diverse range of stethoscopes for any professional to choose from. For instance, among the important tasks of students in medical school is to buy themselves a stethoscope. Medical students use stethoscopes as an integral learning tool for elementary auscultation procedures. A durable and high-quality stethoscope would last until residency and well into a doctor's career, and it is, therefore, crucial that medical students make the right decision as beginners into the field, whatever specialization they enter in the future. Stethoscopes used by medical students must cater to student-friendly budgets without compromising quality and performance necessary in learning the basics of auscultation and other related medical procedures.
Emergency Medical Technicians or EMTs, meanwhile, are professionals that provide medical care during accidents, medical emergencies, and other emergency situations such as earthquakes and natural disasters. Among their many responsibilities, the patient assessment remains a top priority. Cardiac monitoring and performing advanced airway techniques are also some of the skills needed, and these activities require the use of stethoscopes. As these professionals are often called upon to respond to accidents that usually happen in less controlled environments such as in the outdoors or urban settings, they must be equipped with the proper tools necessary for effective emergency response. Stethoscopes used by EMTs must, therefore, be well-equipped to provide consistently high-quality sound performance in a wide variety of emergency settings and chaotic environments.
On the other hand, respiratory therapists are trained professionals who specialize in cardiology and pulmonary medicine, catering to patients suffering from pulmonary disease. They can be found in many medical contexts, such as in administering anesthesia during surgery, managing life support for patients in intensive care, and as practitioners and healthcare providers in asthma and pulmonary rehabilitation clinics, pediatric clinics, and cardiology clinics. Specializing in this particular subfield of medicine would require outstanding expertise on performing examinations and assessments related to the cardiopulmonary system, a commitment that necessitates expert usage of stethoscopes and other related instruments. Stethoscopes used by respiratory therapists should, therefore, be of high transmission and amplification range for diagnosing rare abnormalities that are hard to spot.
Romney starts duel on ‘apology tour'
Nearly an hour into the debate, Mitt Romney finally deployed the catch phrase at the heart of his foreign policy message, charging that President Barack Obama embarked on an “apology tour” after taking office.
Dictators in places like Iran and North Korea, Romney alleged, “saw weakness where they had expected to find American strength” when Obama pledged as a candidate to meet with foreign despots.
“The president began what I have called an apology tour of going to various nations in the Middle East and criticizing America,” Romney said. “All of these things suggested, I think, to the Iranian mullahs that, you know, we can keep on moving along … It's essential for a president to show strength from the very beginning.”
Obama responded, essentially: you lie!
“Nothing Gov. Romney just said is true, starting with the notion of me apologizing. This is probably the biggest whopper that's been told,” Obama said, defending his Iran policy as “the toughest, most crippling sanctions ever.”
And by the way, he added, “while we were coordinating an international coalition … you were still invested in a Chinese state oil company that was doing business with the Iranian oil sector.”
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
Last week Florida federal district court judge Robert Hinkle ruled against the Justice Department's motion for a temporary injunction against Florida's voter purge. The ruling was widely portrayed as a victory for the state, by Florida Governor Rick Scott and many in the media. Ad Policy
Yet the ruling itself was less of an endorsement for Florida and more of a rebuke. “There were major flaws in the program,” Hinkle wrote. “The [Florida secretary of state] compiled the list in a manner certain to include a large number of citizens…The program was likely to have a discriminatory impact on new citizens.” Hinkle ruled in favor of the state “primarily because the Secretary has abandoned the program.”
In case you've forgotten, Florida's voter purge was riddled with errors (“98.4% of the 2,625 people identified by the Florida SOS as ‘potential noncitizens' remain on the rolls because the Supervisors of Elections found insufficient evidence that they were ineligible to be registered voters,” found University of Florida political science professor Daniel Smith), racially biased (minorities comprised 80 percent of the list but only 30 percent of Florida's population) and blatantly partisan (Democrats outnumbered Republicans by two to one). That's why Florida's supervisors of elections overwhelmingly refused to implement the purge—which remains their position following Judge Hinkle's ruling.
“The supervisors are where we were before—we've stopped the purge,” Vicki Davis, president of the Florida State Association of Supervisors of Elections, told me. “The list was much too flawed for the elections supervisors to move forward with in the same format and without backup documentation.”
“We're not going to see any further activity in most of the counties in the state's direction,” adds Ion Sancho, supervisor of elections in Tallahassee's Leon County. “It's just too close to the election at this point.”
Two heavily Republican counties, Collier and Lee, are the exceptions, comprising 65 percent of the 107 potentially ineligible voters purged in Florida from early April to early June. Collier County, which includes Naples, removed 26 alleged “non-citizens” from the rolls based on the state's list—eight of whom did not respond to contact attempts from the county to determine whether they were or were not citizens. “The worst-case scenario is that we've wrongfully removed somebody from the rolls,” says Tim Durham, the county's deputy elections supervisor. If that's the case, legitimate voters wrongly branded as “non-citizens” would have to cast a provisional ballot, which may or may not be counted (Durham says two-thirds of provisional ballots are counted in Collier County).
Lee County, home to Fort Myers and fittingly named after the Confederate general, is the other rogue county—and the only one in the state still purging voters. Lee removed forty-four suspected “non-citizens” from its rolls from April to June, according to Daniel Smith, but only two were from the state's list. The other forty-two were evidently based on the county's records of people who identified as non-citizens in order to avoid jury duty, a highly unreliable way to determine citizenship. (Lee County election officials were out of the office and did not respond to interview requests).
So what happens now? Collier is one of five counties in Florida subject to Section 5 of the Voting Rights Act (VRA), meaning it must seek approval from the federal government to make sure any voting change does not discriminate against minority voters (which the county failed to do). The Justice Department, whose lawsuit against Florida under the National Voter Registration Act is moving forward in Hinkle's court, could also challenge the voter purge under Section 5. The ACLU and Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights are already suing Florida under that provision, alleging that the counties needed preclearance for the voter purge, while the Advancement Project and other voting rights groups filed another lawsuit under Section 2 of the VRA, noting the purge's discriminatory impact.
Florida has said the voter purge will not resume unless the state gains access to the Department of Homeland Security's SAVE database—which tracks government benefits for non-citizens and is not intended as a tool for purging ineligible voters. “The State's insistent claim that access to the federal Systematic Alien Verification for Entitlements (SAVE) program will resolve any deficiencies in the current match process seriously overstates the usefulness and accuracy of SAVE for the purposes of verifying names in a voter list maintenance program,” writes the Brennan Center for Justice. Moreover, Florida lacks the identifiers necessary to properly use the database.
Yet although the purge remains suspended, Florida has yet to admit to any wrongdoing or to address the widespread confusion surrounding the program, which may scare some minority voters away from the polls in November for fear of retaliation. “The state needs to publicly acknowledge, to both election officials and voters, that there were errors, that they're checking to make sure no one has been wrongfully removed and that the list won't be used anymore,” says Diana Kasdan, counsel at the Brennan Center's democracy program.
Judge Hinkle ended his opinion with a warning to the state. “If the secretary or the supervisors of elections go forward with the program the secretary says he has abandoned,” he wrote, “the issue can be revisited.”
Brady rookie card sells for over $400K at auction An extremely rare Tom Brady rookie card has been sold for over $400,000 in an online auction.
Cowboys 'confident' after offer to DE Lawrence Cowboys vice president Stephen Jones is "confident" that the team can reach a long-term deal with Pro Bowl DE DeMarcus Lawrence, who has 25 sacks over the past two seasons.
Becoming a 'selling league' is good for MLS For years, Major League Soccer has focused on bringing talent in but some high-profile sales this winter might have a bigger impact in the long run.
Sources: Arenado, Rockies finalizing $260M deal Nolan Arenado and the Colorado Rockies are finalizing an eight-year contract extension worth $260 million, locking up the star third baseman with a deal that could last through the 2026 season, league sources told ESPN.
On March 1, when Oyen Moyang, 48, came to see his farmland on the bank of the Siang at 21 Miles in Pasighat in Arunachal Pradesh, he got the shock of his life. The mighty river had dried out. Nearby was standing a dejected fisherman Gorakh Sahani. Thirty-year-old Sahani has learnt only one thing all his life - catching fishes. As he was staring at the vast stretch of sand and stones on the Siang, he wondered: "What will I do next? Is it time to return to my native Motihari in Bihar?"
Moyang was once told by his relative Tako Dabi - now the spokesperson of the Arunachal Pradesh government and advisor to Chief Minister Nabam Tuki - that China was building dams on the Siang, known as the Yarlung Tasngpo in Tibet, and these dams would change the course of the river.
The memories of the June 9, 2000, flood in Pasighat were still fresh in Moyang's mind. On that day, the water level of Siang rose suddenly by 30m, inundating almost the entire town. He had never seen such a catastrophe. He later got to know that it was the result of the collapse of a hydropower dam in Tibet.
"I read in newspapers about China's plan to divert the waters of Siang. A dry Siang convinced me that something was wrong on the upper reaches of the river. So I called up Dabi," Moyang, a post-graduate in history, said.
Siang river Click here to Enlarge Siang river
That phone call made global news as Dabi, who himself inspected the driedup riverbed, went public suggesting that China's dam on the Yarlung Tsangpo could have stopped water from reaching Arunachal Pradesh. Dabi could not have chosen a better day to rake up the issue as Chinese foreign minister Yang Jiechi was in Delhi on a two-day visit. China was quick to dismiss Dabi's claim.
"To satisfy the needs of the Tibet Autonomous Region, China has begun to build a hydroelectric power station at Zangmu on the Yarlung Tsangpo. It does not have a big capacity and will not affect the downstream water regulation," China's foreign ministry spokesman Hong Lei said.
Dabi's claim found no official response in India too. The Central Water Commission, which monitors the country's river basin systems, says there is no information of any "abnormal" decline in the water level of Siang. The district commissioner of East Siang, Talem Tapok, who is a native of Pasighat, also rubbished Dabi's statements.
While Dabi could not produce any photographic evidence of the Siang drying up on March 1, he claims there is a 40 per cent drop in the flow of the the river at Pasighat town.
The Mail Today team travelled around 50km across the Siang from Pongging in upper Siang to Jampani, 23km west of Pasighat.
At Pongging, a village 28km north of Pasighat, the Yamne river meets the Siang. There were dry patches of sand and stones at the confluence of the rivers. The locals say this is not unusual during the lean period, but for the last two years these patches are increasing.
"I have no clue about China and its plan to build dams on the Siang, but the river has shrunk for the last couple of years," says Take Panyang, 25, a farmer in Pongging.
Five kilometres down at Bodak, villagers are unaware of any change in the water level. "I don't understand what this fuss is all about. The Siang is like this at this time of the year," says M. Tayeng, 52, in Bodak.
At the Ranaghat bridge in Pasighat, the river was flowing in narrow channels on a large sandy riverbed. Around 300m north of this 763.5m bridge, there used to be a ferry ghat, which operated motorboats round the year. It's all sand and stone now.
The same is the situation at Kumalighat in Pasighat, where our team saw a motorboat stuck in the sand. Around 500m west is 21 Miles, where Moyang saw the sand bed of the Siang. On March 4, when our team visited the area, seven persons crossed the river walking on a natural bridge formed by the rocks at the bottom of the river. At another point, however, there was waist-deep water. "You can now see water because it has been raining for the last three days," Jhontu Sahani, 40, a fisherman, said.
Dabi is not convinced, though. "You may find water at some points and I understand this is a lean period. But never in my life have I seen people crossing the river on foot. And what about the 2000 flood? It was surely a dam bust. The central government must take action now to stop the Chinese from diverting Siang's water. If China has not done anything, the Central Water Commission should conduct an in-depth study in collaboration with the state government to get to the crux of the problem," he said.
But with his own government not siding with him, Dabi has little chance of success.
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
It seems like the very worst drivers on the road are the ones that think they're the next Mario Andretti. Jalopnik readers are here to help them see the light.
Welcome back to Answers of the Day - our daily Jalopnik feature where we take the best ten responses from the previous day's Question of the Day and shine it up to show off. It's by you and for you, the Jalopnik readers. Enjoy!
Yesterday we saw a video where a Volvo driver was held up behind a motorcycle cruise with over 400 riders taking up two lanes. The Volvo driver got impatient and tried to pass the bikes in the dirt of the shoulder. Unsurprisingly, the car didn't make a good offroader and spun out across the road, crashing in the median and almost taking out a number of bikes.
Advertisement
It wasn't just one party being an asshole; everyone in the situation was being an idiot. Two wrongs made an even bigger wrong.
The moral of the story is that driving on the road isn't an us-versus-them kind of situation. If you find yourself thinking that everyone else is always coming out of nowhere, cutting you off, or going way too slow, you might just be the one that's going too fast and driving crazy.
Now, these ten tips should help you come to terms with being a bad driver, but there are plenty more that we didn't have room for on this list. Let us know in Kinja below what we forgot.
Advertisement
Photo Credit: YouTube
10.) You Can Eat An Entire Happy Meal While Putting On Makeup And Talking On The Phone
Advertisement
Your "skill" at driving while doing a hundred different things that aren't paying attention to what's in front of you isn't really a good thing.
Suggested By: Jstas, Photo Credit: Shutterstock
If you go driving and frequently hear horns being honked...you might be a bad driver. Read more Read
Advertisement
9.) You're Missing A Door Mirror
Advertisement
There's really only one way to lose a door mirror and that's to break it off when you weren't paying attention to where you were going.
Suggested By: My X-type is too a real Jaaaaaaaaaaag, Photo Credit: readerwalker
If you have broken off your passenger side mirror more than once. To break off a passenger mirror,… Read more Read
Advertisement
8.) Your Bumpers Have More Than Three Colors On Them
Advertisement
If you've picked up paint from three different cars, you're probably a bad driver.
Suggested By: Jstas, Photo Credit: Dan Ciminera
7.) Everyone Is Passing You On The Right
Advertisement
At a certain point when you find yourself wondering why there are so many assholes on the highway passing on the right, you need to realize that you're cruising int he left lane is the real problem.
Suggested By: JayBe_III, Photo Credit: Jason Torchinsky/Jalopnik
Everyone is passing you on the right!!! Read more Read
Advertisement
6.) You Think Your Camry Is A Sports Car
The more you try and convince me that your Camry is "grounded to the ground," the more I imagine you weaving through traffic at 93 miles an hour.
Advertisement
Suggested By: Stig-a-saw-us-wrecks
Believing that your Camry SE can handle because it's grounded to the ground. Read more Read
5.) Your Car Has a Cigarette Lighter That Works And Three Lights That Don't
Advertisement
When you know your cigarette lighter still works, but you've let three of your lights go out, you have bad priorities about maintenance. You just might be a terrible driver.
Suggested By: Jstas, Photo Credit: Grant Bacon
4.) Your Clutch Keeps Wearing Out, And Your Brakes, And The Sidewalls Of Your Tires
Advertisement
If you wonder why all the parts on your car keep wearing out, no matter what car you buy, it's not the car. It's you. If you have ever been on r/justrolledintotheshop, it's the same story.
Suggested By: Chairman Kaga, Photo Credit: Reddit/r/justrolledintotheshop
When you replace your clutch with fewer than 100,000 miles. Read more Read
Advertisement
3.) All Your Friends Offer To Drive
Advertisement
If all of your friends offer to drive home every time, they're probably terrified of being in the car with you behind the wheel.
Suggested By: CalzoneGolem, Photo Credit: Chris Yarzab
Everyone always tells you that they'll drive and it is not a big deal. Read more Read
Advertisement
2.) Your Friends Get Quiet When You Say You're A Good Driver
Advertisement
First of all, if you are constantly telling people that you're a great driver, how you always zoom past slower traffic and how everyone else is awful on the road, then you probably suck. If your friends get really, politely quiet when you say it, that's another sign.
Suggested By: jbh, Photo Credit: Chris1051
Your friends get really quiet when you start spouting about how good of a driver you are. Read more Read
Advertisement
1.) You Get Into A Lot Of Not-Your-Fault Accidents
Advertisement
Here's a tip: if you've been in a bunch of accidents that are "not your fault, I swear," you need to recognize that you're probably responsible. You can only have so many bumps, scrapes, and crashes before you realize you're the real source of the problem.
Suggested By: The Daily Hoon, Photo Credit: Omar Rodríguez Landeros
For several years, representatives of a major phone company have been sitting beside federal agents in U.S. government offices across the country and passing along certain customer data, ABC News has learned.
The program, used by the FBI, Department of Homeland Security and Drug Enforcement Administration, is primarily intended to let federal agents "more efficiently" respond to lawfully obtained subpoenas and keep up with suspects who routinely swap cell phones, according to a law enforcement official.
Called Hemisphere, it's part of the U.S. government's High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas - or HIDTA - program, which provides federal money for federal, state and local law enforcement to cooperate in areas deemed "critical drug-trafficking regions," as the White House calls them.
Hemisphere, a "law enforcement sensitive" but not classified effort, puts AT&T contractors in HIDTA offices in Los Angeles, Houston and Atlanta. It responds to requests from any of the other 25 HIDTA offices across the country.
As routinely occurs in investigations, HIDTA agents will seek a grand jury subpoena, administrative subpoena or search warrant directing a phone company to turn over call data about a suspect or person of interest, the law enforcement official said.
But drug traffickers and other criminals often switch phones to evade law enforcement. So under Hemisphere, after a subpoena or warrant is obtained, the AT&T representative will pull data and relay it "in real time" to HIDTA investigators sitting "right there," according to the law enforcement official.
"Hemisphere results can be returned via email within an hour of the subpoenaed request," according to Hemisphere training materials from Los Angeles posted online. "Hemisphere data contains roaming information that can identify the city and state at the time of the call."
Essentially, the program uses a suspect's past phone calls to identify associates, and then uses those associates' recent call patterns to identify the suspect's new number. Subpoenas are obtained to proceed with each step.
Since the Hemisphere program was launched in 2007, the Los Angeles office alone has processed more than 4,400 requests and more than 11,200 phone numbers, according to the materials posted online.
AT&T holds user information dating back to 1987, the law enforcement official said.
The materials posted online say about two-thirds of the requests were related to a "dropped phone," but the rest were "basic" requests to help identify other suspects or conduct "other investigative work," according to the official.
Without providing more detail, the materials say Hemisphere has been used "to track known Canadian phones roaming in the U.S. on the AT&T network." And last year, the program began providing subscriber information and offering "mapping" through certain software.
In May, Hemisphere introduced "limited pinging for some phones," according to the materials, which were intended to help train AT&T representatives participating in the program in Los Angeles, the law enforcement official said.
Asked whether AT&T customers should have more of an opportunity to respond to subpoenas for their information under Hemisphere, the official noted that AT&T can challenge a subpoena under Hemisphere, just as the company can with subpoenas outside Hemisphere. In those cases, the customer is not immediately aware of the subpoena to challenge it either.
The DEA and the Office of Drug Control Policy pay for Hemisphere.
The law enforcement official said the cost amounts to the salaries of the AT&T contractors.
The official also emphasized that Hemisphere is not associated with the U.S. surveillance programs recently disclosed by former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden.
"There is nothing classified about issuing a subpoena to a phone company for a drug dealer's phone records," the official said.
Asked for comment, an AT&T spokesman said, "While we cannot comment on any particular matter, we, like all other companies, must respond to valid subpoenas issued by law enforcement."
Isaac Roberts
Isaac Roberts FRS (27 January 1829 – 17 July 1904[1]) was a Welsh engineer and businessman best known for his work as an amateur astronomer, pioneering the field of astrophotography of nebulae. He was a member of the Liverpool Astronomical Society in England and was a fellow of the Royal Geological Society. Roberts was also awarded the Gold Medal of the Royal Astronomical Society in 1895.
Biography [ edit ]
Roberts was born in Groes, Denbighshire, Wales to William Roberts, a farmer. Although he spent some years of his childhood there, he later moved to Liverpool. There, he became an apprentice to John Johnson & Son (which later became Johnson and Robinson), a firm of mechanical engineers, for 7 years beginning on 12 November 1844. He became a partner in 1847, and supplemented his job with night school. When Peter Robinson died in 1855, Roberts was made manager of the firm. When the other partner, John Johnson died, Roberts was in charge of the contracts and affairs of the firm. Roberts began working as a builder in 1859, and was joined by Peter Robinson's son, J. J. Robinson, in 1862. He was very successful, and became known as one of the best engineers in the region.
Isaac Roberts married his first wife, Ellen Anne, in 1875, making him the son-in-law of Anthony Cartmell. Isaac Roberts married Dorothea Klumpke, who was nearly 30 years his junior, in 1901.
He became agnostic in his religious views.[2]
Roberts died suddenly in Crowborough, Sussex, England in 1904 (he was 75 years old),[1] widowing his then-wife Dorethea Klumpke. He was cremated soon after his death, and his ashes lay in Crowborough for about five years before he was reburied in Flaybrick Hill Cemetery, in Birkenhead. Roberts was patriotic to his homeland of Wales, and continued to use the Welsh language throughout his life. He left a substantial amount of money to Cardiff University, Bangor University, and University of Liverpool. His epitaph read:
"In memory of Isaac Roberts, Fellow of the Royal Society, one of England's pioneers in the domain of Celestial Photography. Born at Groes, near Denbigh, 27 January 1829, died at Starfield, Crowboro, Sussex, 17 July 1904, who spent his whole life in the search after Truth, and the endeavour to aid the happiness of others. Heaven is within us. This stone is erected in loving devotion by his widow Dorethea Roberts née Klumpke."
Through a donation of his wife Dorothea in honor of her late husband, the Société astronomique de France (the French Astronomical Society) established the Prix Dorothea Klumpke-Isaac Roberts for the encouragement of the study of the wide and diffuse nebulae of William Herschel, the obscure objects of Barnard, or the cosmic clouds of R.P. Hagen. This biennial prize was first given in 1931 and continues today.[3]
The crater Roberts on the far side of the Moon was named to jointly honour Isaac Roberts and the South African astronomer Alexander William Roberts.
Interest in astronomy [ edit ]
Starfield: Isaac Roberts's observatory and home in Crowborough , Sussex
In 1878, Roberts had a 7-inch refractor at his home in Rock Ferry, Birkenhead. Although at the time he used this for visual observation, he began to explore stellar photography, his forte, a few years later. In 1883, Roberts began experimenting with astrophotography. He first used portrait lenses with apertures varying from 3 8 {\displaystyle {\begin{matrix}{\frac {3}{8}}\end{matrix}}} to 8 inches. Roberts was pleased with the results, and ordered a reflecting telescope with a silver-on-glass mirror of 20-inch diameter (100-inch focal length) from Howard Grubb and by 1885 he had built an observatory building to house it. He mounted photographic plates directly at the prime focus to avoid the loss of light that would occur from using a second mirror. This allowed him to make significant progress in the then-developing field of astrophotography.
In 1886 Roberts displayed his first photographs at the Royal Astronomical Society at Liverpool, which he was president. These images showed, for the first time, "the vast extensions of nebulosity in the Pleiades and Orion."
Advancements [ edit ]
Isaac Roberts' magnum opus is generally considered to be his picture of the Great Nebula in Andromeda
Astrophotography requires very long exposure times (sometimes an hour or more) to record faint objects on a photographic plate. Long exposure could also record objects invisible to the human eye. Isaac Roberts developed a technique of "piggyback" astronomical photography, mounting the camera/lens on a larger equatorial mounted telescope that was used as a "guidescope". The combination kept the camera aimed accurately over the long exposure time as the Earth rotated.
Most consider Roberts' magnum opus to be a photograph showing the structure of M31, the Great Nebula in Andromeda (now known as the Andromeda Galaxy). He made the photo on 29 December 1888, using his 20 inch aperture reflecting telescope made by Howard Grubb of Dublin.[4] The long exposure photograph revealed that the nebula had a spiral structure, which was quite unexpected at the time. Photographs such as this changed astronomy by revealing the true form of nebulae and clusters, and eventually helped to develop the theories about galaxies. He published his celestial portfolio in a large format book[5] that is the first popular account of celestial photography of the deep sky.
In addition to his considerable advancements in the field of astro-photography, Roberts also invented a machine called the Stellar Pantograver that could engrave stellar positions on copper plates.
The Science Museum (London) has Robert's 20-inch reflector.
See also [ edit ]
On Tuesday, Iranian men posted photos of themselves wearing headscarves to Facebook and Twitter with the hashtag #MenInHijab.
#MenInHijab highlights unequal standards of dress for men and women. In Iran, women are required to wear the headscarf, or hijab, as part of Iran's Islamic dress code. The hijab must cover most of a woman's hair. Citing the Iranian government, Vox news reports that 3.6 million women were warned, fined, or arrested in 2014 for “Crimes Against Public Prudency and Morality, ” which are “most often linked to dress code violations.”
Those in support of the dress code have committed violent attacks against women in Iran. In November 2014, acid attacks were carried out against more than 14 women in Esfahan. Campaign for Human Rights in Iran stated, “In a number of attacks, eyewitnesses reported that assailants proclaimed they were confronting improper hijab as they flung the acid.”
Iran's religious authorities often reinforce the dress code for women. Last month, senior Shiite cleric Seyyed Youssef Tabanabi-nejad claimed that women dressing in a Western style caused Iran's rivers to dry up.
One #MenInHijab participant, whose name remains unknown, wrote about his choice to take a photo of himself wearing hijab. “Forcing anyone to wear any sort of clothing is an insult to [anyone's intelligence]. It is cruel, unjust, and humiliating.”
There are numerous attractive DIY innovative crafts you could make with recycled old buttons. You can make different, new and creative or you could enhance the old things, creating them much like new one. There are so many innovative crafts how to use recycled old buttons for decoration or creating a new matter, in particular jewelry. You can make a notable nickels or earrings with recycled antique buttons. You can make an interesting image frame with recycled old buttons or enhance your old lampshade, the clock or the old footwear. And there's additionally one extra super issue about recycled old buttons: there are numerous one-of-a-kind types of recycled old buttons, different size, different shape and distinctive coloring's. So, you have a big choice of recycled old buttons to make for yourself innovative or decorate some old item.
DIY Recycled Buttons Necklace:
Use new, antique, or unused buttons of all sizes and styles to make your personal stunning jewelry. There's no need for gold or diamond necklaces while you could craft with beautiful buttons. This challenge suggests you how to recycle old buttons right into a beautiful and unique button necklace. Recycling is so easy; it just takes touch originality and the creativeness to test subjects in a brand-new manner. It can take a few hours or extra relying on the amount of buttons you use.
Recycled Buttons Bracelet:
It seemed like the appropriate, brief project to get creative bracelet without interrupting excellent time. Making these bracelets is the smooth, speedy and pleasing. Begin hoarding your preferred buttons proper now and make one by yourself. Recycling is so easy; it just takes touch creativity and the imagination to have a look at things in a brand-new manner. Teaching your children to recycle and utilize assets they have already got is each amusing and price powerful for busy parents and caregivers.
pas·sion
noun
\ ˈ pa-shən\
: a strong feeling (such as anger) that causes you to act in a dangerous way
vo·ca·tion noun \vō- ˈ kā-shən\
: the work that a person does or should be doing oc·cu·pa·tion noun \ ˌ ä-kyə- ˈ pā-shən\ : the work that a person does : a person's job or profession
I've noticed an interesting trend over the past year or so. There seem to be a lot of people who say that decorating cakes should be your "passion" or else you shouldn't be doing cakes at all. What the heck? : a strong desire to spend your life doing a certain kind of work (such as religious work) : a strong feeling of enthusiasm or excitement for something or about doing something: a strong feeling (such as anger) that causes you to act in a dangerous way
No, cakes are not my passion and never have been. I started doing wedding cakes for very pragmatic reasons. Cakes are my occupation (see definition above). I enjoy figuring out how to do things, and I like making stuff, but cakes specifically aren't where I feel that Ito be putting my energy when I'm not working. I would say that making things is my vocation (see definition above) but that cakes don't need to be part of that.I don't spend time looking at cakes online. When I get together with friends who decorate cakes we don't chat much about cake topics. I'm actually far more interested in the business side of cakes than in looking at them.There are definitely days when the second definition of passion (anger) that's listed at the top applies more to what I'm feeling as I'm dragging myself out of bed and taking 4 advils for my back so that I can continue working on the multiple wedding cakes I have to do, so maybe on those days I could say I'm passionate about it.When I tell people this, the response from some decorators is total horror and shock. I've even been told by a couple that if I don't have a burning passion for cakes I should just quit doing them completely. Why does this bother them so much? I really have no idea. And quite frankly, I don't have time to analyze their motives. I just think it's silly.If you think that you have to have a passion for something to be really good at it, let me tell you about a girl I met once. She had been swimming competitively her entire life. She was in college and was training for the Olympics. We were at the pool where she was teaching swim lessons to my friend's son, and he asked her how the training was going. She replied that she hated every minute of it, she was going to be super glad when it was over and she never had to get in a pool to compete again, and that everyone on the highly-rated swim team at her college felt the same way.Oh my, what? You mean that someone could be that good at something and not have it be their passion? You mean to tell me that you can be at a world-class level in what you do without absolutely loving every minute of it? Oh, I'm feeling woozy with the effort of wrapping my head around that concept...Actually, I'm not. Having a passion for something can be a plus, but it can also be detrimental to running a business at a profit. Expecting to feel joy every moment when you're working is unrealistic, and honestly, the people who understand that the making of the cakes themselves is a relatively small part of a cake business seem to be the most successful at it. Understanding that work is sometimes just work is probably going to be the difference between someone who is profitable and someone who does okay but never becomes self-supporting income-wise.Passion can lead you to act impulsively. You might take on a cake at a lower price because you just really want to do it, which will result in a lower profit margin. You might spend extra time doing details a customer didn't ask for (or pay for) because you just want to do it. You might think that's great, but look at it this way...If you had an employee who consistently took an extra hour on each cake to add things that hadn't been ordered, would you be happy to pay them for that time? I would hope not.Another example of passion vs. occupation is our old friend Buddy Valastro from Cake Boss. Regardless of how you feel about the tv show or his use of the term fawndawnt, you must admit that he's a smart businessman who puts a lot of people to work. Based on the first season of the show (which is the only one I watched) I contend that his passion isn't the product itself, it's the idea of honoring his father and his family by making the business well-known and successful. If his father had started a sock factory I bet he'd be making socks right now with the same goal in mind. The business is his passion, not necessarily the product. The bakery is his occupation, his family is his passion.What I'd suggest is that if decorating is your passion, your one true love, your everything, you should either keep it as a hobby or hire a business coach to help you get over yourself. And I mean that in a constructive way, because feeling super passionate about the wrong thing can get in the way of objectivity and making a profit. An objective voice can help.Ironically, as I'm writing this I'm watching an episode of Bakery Rescue with Buddy V. telling someone that he needs to rein his passion in. This guy is so passionate about baking he has about ninety products in his cases when fifteen would be more cost-effective. And wouldn't have driven him to the point of bankruptcy. Passion has nearly driven this guy into the poorhouse because he doesn't know when to stop.What you should be passionate about is the business itself, not just the cakes. Decorating cakes is a very small percentage of what goes into running a cake business. It's very nice if your occupation can also be your vocation, which is the best of both worlds, but it isn't necessary to be passionate about cakes to be an excellent decorator or to have a profitable business.
The so-called PROTECT IP act, sequel to the much-criticized COICA, is under fire again as it enters the process of becoming law. We've talked about it on this blog before and no doubt the discussion will continue after it passes or is rejected, but it's important at this critical moment that everyone concerned weigh in and make an unambiguous statement regarding the quality of this bill. So then: PROTECT IP is a lunatic proposal, penned by a dinosauric industry concerned solely with the preservation of its own profits. It will do nothing to curb piracy while at the same time eroding fundamental freedoms of the internet.
The only people who can possibly be in favor of this bill are either ignorant of its implications or stand to gain by its passage. This desperate power grab by a diminishing elite fails to even comprehend the problems it aims to solve, and its blunt force methods are wide open for abuse, and very possibly unconstitutional. Make no mistake about it: this is a kill switch, and if it's passed, it will revisit us for years to come in ways we never suspected possible. If you think that's an overstatement, think about it again next time you're posing naked for the TSA, and ask yourself how that came about.
The full text of the Senate and House versions of the bill can be read here and here, respectively. Can it be fixed? No. The problems it attempts to address are simply not going to be solved by any approach suggested in this bill. Activist groups, law professors, entrepreneurs, CEOs, and many more have already spoken out.Contact your Senator and Representative and urge them to reject S.968.
Acknowledging the problem
No one opposes this bill (which I will refer to as S.968 because its other names leave a bad taste in the mouth) because they are in favor of piracy or copyright infringement. The problem is real — but that doesn't mean that the fictions regarding its effects on sales and so on are as well. Trying to make sense of the various studies, separating the propaganda from the facts, and the fluff from the insight, is a big job. The consensus is that there is no consensus, and that's probably consensus enough. After all, if piracy were having the kind of devastating effect on music sales or theater-going that the record and movie industries say it is, that would be very clearly reflected in the numbers.
Instead, we see healthy growth in some areas, cannibalized sales elsewhere, and yes, huge illegal download numbers. But to put these pieces together properly apparently requires more than all the RIAA's horses and all the MPAA's men have got. Instead, they choose the data that fits their hypothesis. But this is all known; it's enough to say that the entertainment industries have poisoned the well with their antics, and nobody should take anything they say or propose seriously.
Again, their dishonesty and absurd lawsuits do not mean the problem doesn't exist. Music, movies, TV shows, and games are available online in a dozen places the day they are released, and thousands upon thousands of people download them. If that's not a problem, I don't know what is. Of course, some would say that thousands of people consuming your product, at no cost to you or them, is one of those good problems. And then there's the whole continuum of lost sales, outright theft, distribution, fair use, and so on to consider. It's a complex issue to say the least.
Sometimes complex issues require simple solutions, as Alexander demonstrated. Simple, but not simplistic, which is what many would call S.968.
If it ain't broke, break it
A straw-man problem requires a straw-man solution. And that's exactly what S.968 proposes. The approach of the bill to combating piracy is laughably inappropriate, yet at the same time so vague in critical portions that it's hard to believe it wasn't done that way on purpose.
Briefly stated, the bill allows for the law to target services connected or tangential to infringing sites, which not only means any financial support in the form of advertisers or payment processors, but also the search engines that index the sites and the DNS registries that direct queries to the correct IP. They would all be required, within five days, to remove the site in question from their services, listings, and registries, or be in violation of the law.
First, this notion of creating a special United States DNS listing with blacklisted sites excised. The folly of this design can't be overstated. I feel I can say with confidence that many a security expert and network technician must have laughed aloud at this proposal. The real world equivalent, if a shop was alleged to be selling stolen goods, would be to make them take their sign down. Workarounds for a DNS blockade would be plentiful and effective and need not be described here.
This measure has been described by its proponents as akin to door locks on cars — not foolproof, but we should still use them. There's some sense to this, but of course the fundamental difference between material theft and “content theft,” i.e. making a copy, is ignored. The situation changes somewhat when it's impossible to steal what's in your “car.” If people were going around making perfect copies of the CDs, radios, and umbrellas in our cars, door locks wouldn't really be necessary, would they? Admittedly, it's a little disingenuous to mischaracterize their metaphor in this way (half the meaning is that we should take simple precautions if they are available), but it's also disingenuous of them to mischaracterize the problem they say they are working against.
In addition to the fact that this alternate DNS registry would be completely inadequate for its stated purpose, it's fundamentally a bad idea to fiddle with international standards. Domain name universality is one of the underpinnings of the web. When I type Facebook.com into my browser, it goes to Facebook because of a principle set down and agreed upon by the internet infrastructure worldwide. But not everyone is on the same system: there are, of course, some countries that already have a blocking or filtering system in place. Places like China and Iran.
First, they came for the cyberlockers
A blacklist for sites, whatever the intention, is simply an idea that has no place in a free society. This is inarguable. It is censorship, plain and simple, and it is exactly as audacious as banned book lists and other more recent forms of moral, political, and ideological bootheeling. It sounds inflammatory, but this bill is a wedge to be driven over time. Permitting this blacklist would be surrendering an important guarantee of the internet, and opening the door to worse. The slippery slope argument doesn't always hold up, but with the parties involved, there is precedent in abundance for excess and abuse. And the law is not structured to prevent such abuse.
The first red flag is the casual contravention of internationally agreed-upon standards. Any site can be blocked, regardless of where it is registered or hosted, or where the content is stored. It falls short of imposing US copyright law on the rest of the world, but it demonstrates a troubling lack of respect for the international structure of the web. The world looks down on China and Saudi Arabia for their filtering of internet content to make it comply with their local laws and beliefs. Now they will look down on us.
Next, S.968 appears to ignore due process and the presumption of innocence. These are, you will agree, somewhat elementary civil rights. Yet under S.968, sites would be eligible for takedown without any involvement on their part, and their supporting services, like advertisers, hosts, and payment processors, would be required to take action as well or share liability. All it takes is for a copyright holder to fill out the paperwork, and they've had that process automated for years. It's worth noting that DOJ-issued orders are required for search engines and domain registries to take action. Copyright holders may “only” affect payment processors and advertisers without a court order — so they're limited to only crippling the site financially. But let's be honest. The same people who will be researching and filing complaints pretty much wrote this law. Getting the DOJ to rubber-stamp an order is trivial.
And on the topic of liability, the burden has been shifted, or rather multiplied, to include service providers. Google, for example, has long existed within a “safe harbor” provision of the DMCA, providing as it does only an information-locating and caching service. But the new bill calls for service providers specifically to immediately comply with the blacklist — in five days or less. Considering it might be quite a while before a small site can even get on a court calendar or have their request reviewed, this puts service providers in an awkward situation: take the site down, or be in violation of the law until it works its way through the courts? Very few will choose the latter.
Even then, we can't trust the courts to make the right decision. We've seen numerous examples of credulous judges being taken in by industry lawyers. Sony, for example, showed no compunction at all while it took one incompetent for a ride, extracting years of irrelevant and private payment and IP records for a website during a protracted jurisdictional hearing. There are bright spots here and there, but for the most part the entertainment industry has been pillaging with impunity.
The consequences of a takedown are also totally out of proportion with the cause. One infringing file or “portion” (e.g. a forum thread) could be used as the basis to take down an entire website (or at least have them take down their sign). This has happened plenty already: Google deleted several large and legitimate music blogs after complaints about a microscopic portion of the content. That's a hell of a lever to have at your disposal, and the process for review is slow enough that it could easily be used as a perfectly legal kill switch for any site on the internet. Despite the claims that the bill is narrowly focused on piracy-centric sites, the definition, viz. “engaging in, enabling, or facilitating the reproduction, distribution, or public performance of copyrighted works, in complete or substantially complete form” is hopelessly open to interpretation. You could find a thousand videos on YouTube in an hour that facilitate the public performance of copyrighted works, and browbeat a judge with them tomorrow. And again, while it's trivial to get past the DNS blacklist, the compulsory compliance of associated services could be harmful.
There is little or no allowance for a site to defend itself against accusations before action is taken, which means fraudulent or predatory takedowns and embargoes will be easy to make and very effective. And as many have pointed out, the most popular sites in the world today would probably be considered “notorious” if they were introduced today, but are exempt because they have had time to establish themselves as legitimate services. For small sites and startups, however, which have neither the immunity of established services nor the money or time to fend off a damaging takedown attempt, it could be fatal. There are penalties for anyone who “knowingly materially misrepresents,” but that seems a pretty high bar, and lawyers likely already have themselves a “safe harbor” of their own — reasonable suspicion, that sort of thing.
And it is not limited to any particular kind of site; after all, infringing content could be hiding anywhere. Or information that shows that a site is “facilitating” infringement, or “enabling” it. On evidence that could be easily cherry-picked or modified and in which many judges would be unable (or too busy, as they will be) to detect the flaws, any website could be hobbled. With a little organization and legwork, one could compel the owners, advertisers, hosts, and DNS registries to stop acknowledging any website, almost instantaneously. As internet services are disproportionately US-based, S.968 is a loaded gun pointed at the rest of the world.
There is a built-in provision for a yearly review. One would expect that after a year or two, the report would conclude that the act had done nothing to inhibit copyright infringement. That much would be given. But the response to this would be far more likely to spawn further, more draconian measures (such as more complete blockage at the IP level) than produce an admission of failure.
Reject S.968
S.968 will be completely ineffective at preventing copyright infringement or any other kind of undesired activity. Every measure it takes is trivial to circumvent, and will not deter the people doing the vast majority of illegal content distribution. It does, however, provide a set of tools that are not only easy to leverage for private or nefarious purposes, but also align the US with the human rights abuses of oppressive regimes.
The bill is transparently the work of an entertainment industry which, failing to raise itself to the standards of demand, wants to drag the law down to its level with more avenues for litigation and greater weapons at its disposal. That we are even entertaining the idea of government-ordered blacklists of certain websites is repugnant and un-American.
Everyone who cares about the freedoms provided by the internet is opposing S.968. And then there's everyone else.
Former White House national security adviser Michael Flynn may be under investigation for his activities during his tenure at the Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) under former President Obama, according to a letter from the agency sent to BuzzFeed News.
The letter, which came in response to a 2014 Freedom of Information Act request, denied a BuzzFeed reporter's request for Flynn's emails, job evaluations and other records from his time heading the DIA, saying that releasing the documents could "interfere with ongoing law enforcement investigative activities."
"Upon review of your request, I have determined that the release of potentially responsive records concerning LTG Flynn could reasonably be expected to interfere with on-going law enforcement investigative activities," it reads.
ADVERTISEMENT
Special counsel Robert Mueller Robert Swan MuellerSasse: US should applaud choice of Mueller to lead Russia probe MORE, who is conducting the criminal investigation into Russia's role in the 2016 election, has previously been reported to be looking into Flynn's activities since leaving the DIA in 2014. In particular, he is probing Flynn's financial ties to Russia and Turkey.
But according to BuzzFeed, the DIA's letter denying the records request suggests that Mueller is also looking into Flynn's activities while he served as the agency's director from 2012 to 2014.
The letter does not detail any potential investigative activities. But federal agencies are allowed to withhold requested documents from the public if they are compiled for law enforcement purposes.
“It certainly suggests that Flynn is being investigated not just for conduct that postdated his departure [from the DIA],” Stephen Vladeck, a law professor at the University of Texas, told BuzzFeed.
Flynn has emerged as a central figure in Mueller's investigation into Russia's election meddling. He resigned from his White House post in February – just 24 days into office – after it was revealed that he misled White House officials about his conversations with then-Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak in the month before President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE took office.
Since then, Flynn has faced scrutiny for his failure to previously disclose his financial ties to Russia and Turkey. He registered as a foreign agent with the Justice Department in March.
Reports last week suggested that Flynn may be cooperating with Mueller in his investigation, after his lawyers cut ties with attorneys representing Trump in the Russia probe.
Russia's top military officer warned Thursday that Moscow would strike NATO missile-defense sites in Eastern Europe before they are ready for action, if the U.S. pushes ahead with deployment.
“A decision to use destructive force pre-emptively will be taken if the situation worsens,” Russian Chief of General Staff Nikolai Makarov said at an international missile-defense conference in Moscow attended by senior U.S. and NATO officials.
Gen. Makarov made the threat amid an apparent stalemate in talks between U.S. and Russian negotiators over the missile-defense system, part of President Obama's policy to “reset” relations with Moscow. The threat also elicited shock and derision from Western missile-defense analysts.
“It's remarkable,” said James Ludes of the Pell Center for International Relations and Public Policy at Salve Regina University in Newport, R.I. “That Makarov would make this kind of threat in a public forum is chilling.”
“He must have been drunk,” said Barry Blechman, a distinguished fellow at the Stimson Center think tank.
Calling the threat “crazy,” he said, “I hope the Russian political leadership takes him to task for it.”
But that seemed unlikely Thursday as Russian Defense Minister Anatoly Serdyukov dismissed the missile-defense talks as fruitless.
“We have not been able to find mutually acceptable solutions at this point, and the situation is practically at a dead end,” he said.
The press office at the Russian Embassy in Washington did not return phone calls or emails seeking comment.
The U.S. repeatedly has said the European missile-defense system is designed to fend off an attack by Iran, but Russia has insisted that the system would blunt its own arsenal. Moscow has proposed to jointly operate the missile shield, but NATO has rejected the offer.
Ellen Tauscher, the U.S. special envoy for strategic stability and missile defense, insisted the talks on NATO plans for a missile-defense system using radar and ground-based interceptor missiles stationed in Poland, Romania and Turkey are not stalemated.
But she acknowledged Wednesday in Moscow that recent elections in Russia and upcoming elections in the U.S. make it “pretty clear that this is a year in which we're probably not going to achieve any sort of breakthrough.”
In March, Mr. Obama privately told outgoing Russian President Dmitry Medvedev that he would have more “flexibility” to make a deal on missile defense after the election in November. Mr. Obama's comment was captured accidentally by a live microphone during a summit in Seoul.
Many critics interpreted the remark as a promise by Mr. Obama to give in to Russian demands once the political danger of doing so during an election campaign had passed.
Ms. Tauscher did not answer a question about the meaning of the president's Korea comment, but said the two leaders agreed in Seoul to continue technical-level discussions.
“We'll spend the next nine to 10 months trying to work through some of these technical aspects of what's a very complex proposal,” she said.
She reiterated that the U.S.-built system is designed to shoot down only Iranian intermediate-range missiles that could hit Europe, and would not be effective against Russian intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBMs).
In the initial stages, the system will use radar based in Turkey and ship-based Aegis missiles. In the later stages, new radar stations and ground-based interceptors in Poland and Romania will be integrated into the system.
The system, which still is being developed, is a scaled-back version of the missile shield proposed during the George W. Bush administration.
But Russian officials insist the missile-defense system will rob their nuclear deterrent of its credibility and destabilize the balance of mutually assured destruction that has persisted since the Cold War.
“A thorough analysis by the Defense Ministry's research organizations showed that once the third and fourth stages are deployed, the capability to intercept Russian intercontinental ballistic missiles will be real,” Gen. Makarov said.
Robert L. Pfaltzgraff Jr., a professor of international security studies at the Fletcher School at Tufts University, noted that while ICBMs fly faster than shorter-range missiles and the technology to intercept them is different, the Kremlin sees these deployments as providing a basis for a better system later.
“The Russian concern is that these systems could be upgraded in the future,” he said.
But Mr. Pfaltzgraff said the fact that Moscow is thinking in these terms proves Russia is not a U.S. ally and has “divergent interests from us and to pretend otherwise to try and placate them is a fool's errand.
“Russia wants a deterrent relationship with the United States,” he said. “Why? Is Canada worried that they don't have an effective deterrent against our nuclear weapons?”
In Moscow, Deputy Defense Minister Anatoly Antonov indicated that the “red line” for Russia would be the deployment of ground-based interceptor missiles, estimated to happen in 2018 at the earliest.
“Red lines are a dangerous game,” said Mr. Ludes. “This has been simmering for years.”
“The Russians have opposed U.S. plans, whether offered by the Bush administration or the Obama administration. But the fact that they would make this kind of public threat gives us an idea of just how strongly they feel about it,” Mr. Ludes said.
Gen. Makarov said the Russians have set “only one condition [to agree to NATO deployment of the system]: the zone of possible interception for current and future missile-defense weapon systems should not cross the border of Russia.”
U.S. officials have rejected any deal that would put limits on the capabilities of the system, or on how many would be deployed.
“We've made very clear that we will not accept any limitations on either the number or the capabilities of these [missile-defense] systems,” said Madelyn Creedon, the Pentagon's assistant secretary of defense for global strategic affairs.
Ms. Tauscher also said the U.S. and its allies are not interested in a treaty or similar arrangement that would limit the use of the system and that they will push ahead with testing and deployment.
“We cannot and will not make any legally binding agreement that includes limitations on our ability to protect ourselves,” she said, before Gen. Makarov spoke. “There is nothing I can imagine that will stop us from making those deployments on time.”
Responding to the general's comments, State Department spokesman Mark Toner said the United States has “made clear for many years now that there's no intent, desire or capability [for missile defense] to undermine Russia's strategic deterrent.”
Asked whether he was “alarmed” by the general's threat, Mr. Toner replied: “I think we're just going to redouble our efforts to seek common ground on this and to seek understanding.”
Meanwhile, Sen. John McCain, traveling in Lithuania, accused the Russians of using missile defense as an “excuse to have a military buildup in this part of the world, which is at peace.”
The Arizona Republican, who once referred to the look in longtime Russian strongman Vladimir Putin's eyes as spelling out “K-G-B,” called Kremlin saber-rattling”an egregious example of what might be even viewed as paranoia on the part of Vladimir Putin.”
• This article is based in part on wire service reports.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Designed in a small shop in NYC with the goal of combining class, convenience and comfort. The Maverick presents itself in a super slim profile that offers quick access to your essential items to keep your life streamlined. Your wallet should hold more than just your cash.
Suitable wallet for the best dressed man in the room
Subtle and Elegant, the Maverick is a multifaceted wallet that fits in any of your pockets:
Easily fits in your back pocket
Perfectly fits in your breast pocket
Comfortably slides into your front pocket
For ultimate convenience, place it in your jacket's inside pocket
The Maverick is constructed of luxurious vegetable-tanned leather, ensuring that the wallet will develop a rich patina over time. The front two card slots along with the quick draw can hold up to 8 cards all major currencies while still retaining its sleek profile. We used printed nylon for the quick draw, thus providing strength and smooth retrieval of your cards. The handcrafted top pouch is designed to hold a handkerchief or provide storage for small items. The Maverick is as agile as you, always ready for the draw.
The rounded notches are designed to allow you to wrap your earbuds around the Maverick tangle free, while keeping your earbuds recessed from the edge of the wallet. This avoids interference from your earbuds when taking the Maverick out of your pocket.
Anyone who has ever used a pocket handkerchief knows that it stays in place for about as long as it takes to fold it. So the Maverick was designed to keep your handkerchief in place. Use the top pouch or the elastic band to secure your handkerchief and then adjust your handkerchief to the desired height. Displaying as much or as little of the handkerchief as fits your style.
Use your wallet's elastic band or the top pouch
With the Maverick, you won't have to fumble for your keys or loose change. Simply place them in the top pouch and keep your pockets clear.
De-clutter your pockets by storing your loose change, keys or medicine in the pouch
Slate with Charcoal Houndstooth
Cognac with Goldenrod Houndstooth
Chocolate with Charcoal Houndstooth
Slate with Goldenrod Houndstooth
The “Wipe Away” is where fashion meets function. Made with proprietary fiber specifically designed to remove smudges from your phone or tablet. Now your handkerchief will double as a screen cleaner.
Keep your phone or your glasses free of fingerprints
The Joey can be placed in the pouch of the Maverick, thus securing the Wipe Away in place. The structure provided by the Joey makes inserting or removing the Wipe Away effortless, while never having to remove the Maverick from your pocket. There are five height rungs on the Joey to ensure that no matter the depth of your jacket pocket you can display as much or as little of the wipe away as desired.
The Joey and the Wipe Away can be used with or without the Maverick
The Joey and Wipe Away together with the Maverick
The beginning stages of the Maverick
Our finalized product
The late musician Louis Armstrong once remarked "What we play is life". Here at Sebastien Grey we play with love, hard work and innovation to create perfectly fitted garments. We would like to parlay our passion for craftsmanship into a line of everyday accessories, so we are starting with this wallet. We are perfectionists, and we were moved to execute the most elegant and intelligent wallet that we would want to own. And without doubt we now have it in our pocket!
From Left to Right: Stephanie, Mr. Leo, Donnie, Yany
We humbly thank you for visiting our project and hope you enjoyed our campaign!
YouTubeMrCrim3 A Chicago woman is facing felony hate crime charges after video captured her spitting and yelling a racial slur at a black couple.
A Chicago-area woman is facing hate crime charges after video showed her spitting and repeatedly shouting a racial slur at a black couple during a margarita festival over the summer.
Jessica Sanders, 26, was arrested last week and charged with two felony counts of committing a hate crime and two misdemeanor counts of battery/making physical contact, according to Chicago police.
Her arrest comes nearly three months after the July 30 incident was filmed and uploaded to social media. The dispute started over a beanbag tossing game at the city's Margarita Festival, the Chicago Sun-Times reported.
In the approximately 1-minute clip, Sanders gets into an altercation with Ernest Crim, who is filming. Sanders appears to knock Crim's phone out of his hand. “You're acting like a n****r. Go home,” she tells Crim, who is black. At one point, she shouts the word multiple times in a row.
Sanders, speaking to the Chicago Sun-Times on Monday, said she regrets her actions and said they do not accurately portray her.
“It was wrong of me to use the word. To me it means ‘ignorant person.' If they were Caucasian, I would have said the same thing. Latino, black. [Race] has nothing to do with it,” she said.
Chicago Police Department Jessica Sanders, 26, later said it was "wrong" for her to use a racial slur, but she also claimed race had "nothing to do with it."
Crim said his wife got hit when Sanders spit at them. “To think that someone would think that low of you that they would spit on you,” he told CBS Chicago.
As for Sanders' apology, Crim said: “She's just trying to protect herself like anyone would.”
Bharatiya Janata Party President Amit Shah on Monday said Maya Kodnani, a party leader convicted of murder in the Gujarat riots case, was not present at Naroda Gam on February 28, 2002, the day of the massacre, ANI reported. “She was present in the Gujarat Assembly at 8.30 am,” he said as he appeared as a defence witness for Kodnani in the case.
She has been accused of inciting and leading a mob to carry out violent attacks in Naroda Gam, leading to the death of 11 Muslims. She was convicted in 2012 for her role in Naroda Patiya massacre and sentenced to 28 years in prison.
Shah further said he had visited the Civil Hospital in Ahmedabad on that day between 9.30 am and 9.45 am where he had met Kodnani, ANI reported. Kodnani had claimed that she was not present when 11 Muslims were killed in Naroda Gaam.
“I was at the hospital for quite some time,” Shah said in the court, News18 reported. “I remember seeing Jaideep Patel [then Vishwa Hindu Parishad's Gujarat general secretary] and other leaders. I tried to pacify the crowd but they surrounded me. Police had to take me and Mayaben [Kodnani] away from the spot in one of their jeeps. This was around 11 am to 11.15 am.”
Security was heightened at the court ahead of Shah's arrival at the court.
From 9:30 am to 9:45 am I was at the Civil Hospital & I met Maya Kodnani there: Amit Shah in Ahmedabad Court — ANI (@ANI) September 18, 2017
On September 12, the court had asked Shah to appear as a witness for Kodnani in the case. The judge had said Shah must appear either in person or assign a lawyer on September 18 to respond to Kodnani's claims that she was not present when 11 Muslims were killed in Naroda Gam.
Shah and 13 others were listed as defence witnesses in her trial. Besides Shah, all others had been cross-examined by the court.
Kodnani has claimed that on February 28, 2002, the day of the riots in Gujarat, she was with Shah at the Gujarat Assembly. Kodnani is the key accused in the Naroda Gam massacre case and was convicted in the Naroda Patiya case.
By James Holbrooks
A new UK startup will “take a deep dive” into the intimate details of people's private lives by essentially strip-mining data from their social media profiles — and then sell what's unearthed to just about anybody willing to pay.
Score Assured, as the umbrella company, will offer a suite of services to those desiring a more personal insight into applicants' lives across a number of different sectors. Tenant Assured, for instance — marketed to landlords — is already up and running. The next program to go live, Recruit Assured, will target employers.
“We're trying to bring back a level of personal relationship to the digital world so the right judgement can be made for the right reason,” Score Assured co-founder Steve Thornhill told The Verge.
But many immediately spurned the idea when the story was first reported on by the Washington Post, and it's not difficult to grasp why. Even setting aside the blatant violations of an individual's basic right to privacy, some are finding fault with the indiscriminate methods these programs used to collate data.
For proprietors enrolled in Tenant Assured, for instance, would-be renters are required — assuming they first consent — to hand unfettered social media access over to potential landlords in the name of transparency with regard to economic status.
The program then dissects applicants' online social media activity — including conversation threads and even private messaging — using language processing software and other analytics.
The frequency of keywords like “poor” and “staying in” and “no money” in online posts is noted, after which the Tenant Assured program sends landlords a “financial stress level” report — a purported measure of how likely would-be tenants will be able to pay their rent.
But clearly, given the mass data-mining methods of the program — and the varied and subjective contexts in which individuals use words and phrases — landlords will get a far more incisive peak into an applicant's personal life. One that goes well beyond financial health.
This fact seems to be evidenced by the Tenant Assured program itself.
As reported by Tara Evans of the Telegraph, among the other data points on the final report sent to landlords is one that “aims to give insights into five main personality traits: extraversion, neuroticism, openness, agreeableness and conscientiousness.”
Download Your First Issue Free! Do You Want to Learn How to Become Financially Independent, Make a Living Without a Traditional Job & Finally Live Free?
Download Your Free Copy of Counter Markets
On that front — and perhaps as a reflection upon the Score Assured concept in general — founder Steve Thornhill gave an almost startlingly flippant response to the Washington Post:
If you're living a normal life then, frankly, you have nothing to worry about.
For those who've been paying attention, Thornhill's statement should sound eerily similar to that of lawmakers and officials in numerous countries when trying to defend mass surveillance programs.
In 2003, in fact, Britain's own former Foreign Affairs Secretary, William Hague — in regard to mass surveillance — said in an interview:
If you are a law abiding citizen of this country, going about your daily business and your personal life, you have nothing to fear.
Thornhill claims his Tenant Assured program actually works to the benefit of applicants, as many younger or lower income people “don't have credit scores — so how can they get a property when the answer from a traditional credit score is going to be no?”
He's also quick to point out that would-be renters have to voluntarily consent to the program.
But as Kaveh Waddell points out for The Atlantic, refusal is hardly a realistic move:
Let me start of by saying that I'm against people wearing fur. I see no point in it what so ever, unless you're a barbarian or a Viking of course. With that being said, PETA's anti Tanooki Mario campaign seems a bit out of hand and desperate. With all of the actual pointless animal slaughter occurring in the world, this is where they spend their time? As I state in the comic, Mario is basically magically cos playing. If you get a chance go to the PETA website and take a look at their game that “gives it” to Mario. I can just see it now soon PETA will storm Furry conventions and fight for Pokémon rights.
http://features.peta.org/ mario-kills-tanooki/
James “I'm more of a fire flower guy” Alvarez
Oct. 13, 2012
Box Score | Photo Gallery
Postgame Comments: Coach Gadowsky | Glen/Musico
WILKES-BARRE, Pa. - Freshman David Glen (Fort Saskatchewan, Alta. ) scored the game-winning goal just 38 seconds into overtime to lift the Penn State men's hockey team to a 4-3 overtime victory against American International College at Mohegan Sun Arena at Casey Plaza Saturday evening. The Nittany Lions improved to 1-1-0 with their first NCAA Division I win.
Freshman Curtis Loik (North Vancouver, B.C.) chipped the puck past an AIC defenseman before sending a pass to classmate Kenny Brooks (Las Vegas, Nev.) along the right-wing boards. Brooks then slid the puck to Glen in the slot, where he rifled a shot past AIC netminder Ben Meisner for the winning tally.
Glen notched a two-goal game, while both freshman defenseman Mark Yanis (Grosse Pointe Woods, Mich.) and freshman forward Jonathan Milley (Gatineau, Que.) tallied their first collegiate goals. Sophomore goaltender PJ Musico (Orange, Calif.) recorded 32 saves in the win.
Penn State took a 1-0 first-period advantage and 3-1 third-period lead before AIC tied the game with 4:38 left to play. The Nittany Lions outshot AIC by a 44-35 margin. Penn State was 1-for-5 on the power play, while the Yellow Jackets were 1-for-4 with the man advantage.
With 3:49 left in the first period, Glen tallied his first of the game to give the Nittany Lions a 1-0 lead. Lining up for the faceoff to the left of Meisner, the forward pushed the puck to himself, took a stride and sent a laser high over Mesiner's glove.
AIC evened the game at 1-1 with Chris Porter's marker at 5:44 of the second period. During a goalmouth scramble, Porter pushed the puck past Musico for the power-play goal.
Yanis recorded his first goal at 16:26 of the frame to give Penn State a 2-1 advantage. The blueliner skated into the offensive zone and unleashed a shot from the high slot that found the back of the net.
With 15:53 left in the third period, Milley tallied the first power-play goal in Penn State history. AIC attempted to clear the puck out of its zone, but the puck bounced off Max Gardiner's (Deephaven, Minn.) shin guards. The sophomore collected the puck and sent it over to Milley, who fired it past Meisner.
AIC scored twice later in the third period to tie the game, 3-3. Nathan Sliwinski scored at 7:54 of the frame and Adam Pleskach tallied with 4:38 left in regulation.
In the overtime period, Glen provided the heroics during the frame's first minute to account for the 4-3 final.
Penn State will return to action Friday (Oct. 19) when it travels to Buffalo State. Opening faceoff is set at 7 p.m.
Is it time to run?
That's what I've been asking myself for three years now.
Before that, I thought it was simply a matter of finding a better place to live. A place that was quieter and cheaper. Where flippers and developers hadn't taken over the neighborhood. Somewhere safe I could park my car on the street and not worry about it.
But by the time I found it, I also found that the thieves were inside the house, not on the street. There's really no hiding from them. And no hiding from what they can do.
Our mene, mene, tekel upharsin is on the wall.
It's time to run, not hide.
I mean that. We're in the throes of an economic collapse of a kind last seen in the 1930s. The government is intent on grabbing control of whatever it can. American firms are dropping like flies. Unemployment is soaring. Debt is soaring. The money supply is soaring. Our foreign policy is a wreck — we have more enemies than we can count. We have a drug war on the borders, we have gang war in the ghettos, we have culture wars in the academy and media.
We have criminals in government.
The future isn't any brighter. Subprime is only the first leg down. We still have a second wave of housing trouble in store, centering around commercial real estate and option ARM loans.
Gerald Celente, the CEO of Trend Research, wrote a piece last year predicting that by 2012 there would be food riots, tax rebellion, and revolution across the country. Celente has a good track record in the forecasting business.
Experts predict a 100% rise in prices across the board. In the best-case scenario, it will happen over ten years. In the worst case, it might happen within months.
More “hate crimes” laws are on the table. They'll not only crimp political speech, they'll make it criminal. The likely targets will be people who propose tax rebellion and secession or oppose US support for Israel or militant Zionism. Other candidates for thought reform are Christians who oppose abortions and gay marriage and environmental and animal rights activists.
Homeland Security is preparing a network of emergency facilities for civilians. Innocuous? Maybe, but it's odd that these holding camps should be built on military installations.
Medical information is being centralized in online data banks accessible by the government, and some favored groups.
Bills to snoop, bills to spy, bills to control. Each time one gets struck down, another sprouts in its place.
Is it really the best strategy to fight each bill one at a time, over and over? Why? If this is what the public and the congress want, so be it. So what if they're unconstitutional? We've long ago established that the constitution means just about whatever anyone wants it to mean. When it comes to torture, Republicans rip up the constitution. When it comes to tax and spend, Democrats rip it up. The whole thing is a partisan racket. Whoever shouts the loudest gets what he wants. So be it.
Rather than forcing the country to change, a far simpler and humbler strategy is to let the country go whichever way it wants, and get out of its way. I'm not a cynic. I'm not telling you to stand on the sidelines and egg both sides on. I'm not telling you to forget your native soil or your community. I'm suggesting that it might be easier for you to defend them from abroad. And I'm suggesting that you start making yourself a foothold abroad. Just in case.
If you're finding it hard to manage, if you've reached a dead end, if you're depressed by the way things are here, go.
How to do it?
The Language of Empire... Lila Rajiva Best Price: $2.98 Buy New $5.00 (as of 04:35 EST - Details)
First. Get your papers in order. I'm amazed at the number of people who don't have passports. A passport is the nearest thing you have to a veto on Washington. Get it in order. You'll also need other valid documents. Now is the time to start getting them together. You should at least have your driving license, passport and birth certificate ready to go. You should also start collecting other documents you might need (marriage, divorce, and adoption papers, incorporation papers, name changes, social security papers, bank statements, recommendations, letters of authorization, educational and work certifications). These can take months to get from the proper source. You might also need to have them validated by the embassy of the country where you want to move.
Second. Figure out where you want to live. This is not as hard as it sounds. Almost all your research can be done on the net, though at some point, you'll have to buy a ticket and try living where you want to move.
A good place to start your research is the CIA fact book, which lists current geographic and economic statistics. Wiki will give you maps, photos, and general background. For property prices, viviun.com or glo-con.com have a wide selection of all kinds of property in practically every part of the world. Be aware that prices on English language international sites are usually higher than what you will be able to find from local sources. I suggest you pick a dozen countries you think might interest you and start researching them systematically.
How you choose your country will depend on who you are and what you plan to do. Families with children should look at job opportunities, political stability, crime rates, and schools. Cheap prices can't be their only criterion. For retired people on a fixed income, warm weather and good health care might be much more important. For those working on the net, an important factor will be good DSL and accessibility to a major city for tech help. I remember I saw what looked like the perfect little farm in the remote highlands of a little visited Central American country. The excitement faded quickly when I found that it was on top of a volcano and more than a hundred miles from any kind of town. The volcano was extinct, but a little googling told me that “extinct” volcanoes can come to life.
Mobs, Messiahs, and Ma... Will Bonner, Lila Rajiva Best Price: $0.25 Buy New $8.00 (as of 03:10 EST - Details)
Spanish will take you anywhere in Latin America. French helps in Africa and in some parts of Asia. But language is made out to be a much bigger problem than it really is. Buy a decent phrase book and a dictionary, make good use of online translators like babel fish, and you'll be fine. I have conducted lengthy email conversations about renovation costs, world politics, alternative medicine, and Dick Cheney, all with babel fish. The translations are crude and sometimes off the wall, but foreigners are forgiving of people who at least try to talk their language.
Purchasing property in a foreign language is a bit trickier. For that, you're wise to look for local lawyers and notaries. A good place to make contacts is the online forum of an expat community in that country. Get an internet alias and start asking questions before you leave. Make sure you double-check everything your hear against the local government's official information. Ownership, work, and residency rules for foreigners are constantly changing.
Third. Visit your safe-haven. Every fantasy has to hit the ground for it to become real. For many people, this is the hard part. Dreaming is one thing. But only people who are willing to do the hard work, take some risk, and live with something less than perfection get to make their dreams come true.
Each time you try anything, you'll always have a hundred naysayers at your elbow, most of them, your nearest and dearest. They mean well. They're doing what they think is best for you. And about half the time, they may even be right. Don't bite their heads off. Smile sweetly, listen to all the advice, and when it's over, make your own decision. Weighing pros and cons is a good start. But ultimately, don't flinch from making a decision based on gut feeling. Two heads may be better than one. But one strong gut reaction is far better than any number of heads. Listen to it.
You need about two months to prepare for a trip properly. Book well in advance to get the best prices. I started using the site bootsnall.com many years ago and it's still one of the best. Some places need you to take shots, but usually you can skip this if you've not been out of the US in a while.
Here are a couple of important tips:
Book a hotel or a hostel for the first few nights. Then find an apartment from there. You need to meet the owner in person to feel comfortable in a rental apartment.
Pack light. Security checks are increasingly uncomfortable and time-consuming. The less you carry, the easier your trip will be.
Make it a priority to visit one foreign country within the next six months. You're going to find that having another option besides staying put is going to change the way you think and feel about everything here. It may be that leaving for good isn't for you. You may find that you prefer home with all its problems to a strange culture. Well and good. What have you lost? A small amount of rapidly depreciating money.
It's an insignificant price to pay for something that will renew your spirit no matter what you decide. And one day, it may end up being your only avenue of escape from trouble.
The Best of Lila Rajiva
There was a nice CPAC moment at around 3:30 when I visited the Libertarian Party's CPAC booth, just a short walk (past the Townhall.com nook) from the Ron Paul booth built on the ashes of the Mitt Romney booth. The LP was scurrying to deal with all the interest in some alternative party, any alternative party, in wake of the McCain coup. Passersby were taking the Nolan political quizzes and sticking stickers on a chart when they were done. When I got there the chart looked like a feather duster--a thin line of stickers in the totalitarian quadrant, and a line of stickers fanning out to fill the "libertarian" bit of the chart.
"Cool," I thought. Then I realized how self-selected it was. And shortly thereafter I walked over to Ann Coulter's clandestine speech (she was banned from the main ballroom for last year's gay slur against John Edwards) sponsored by YAF and realized that it was really, really self-selected. A terrible Henny Youngman routine in a sound-sucking underground room drew about 9 times as many people who stopped to chat with the LP, most of them wearing "I WANT ANN COULTER" buttons. Even the sweatier, more "seasoned" men. Especially them. They probably hadn't seen so many cameras since their run-ins with Chris Hansen.
So, the key thing about the Coulter speech is that it was barely funny: she thought calling somebody "like David Brock, but with less name recognition" was a killer line. Most of the applause she got was of the "oh-hell-I'm-in-a-room-with-a-TV-star-let-me-put-down-my-cell-phone-camera" variety, and much was stupud. Barack Obama's presidential run was "his biggest achievement since he was born half-black." John Edwards' name was a punchline--especially odd, since I heard something about him leaving the presidential race a week ago. Almost everything else in the speech was an attack on John McCain, and most of the barbs were about mean things he said. He praised Hillary Clinton this one time! He's friends with Lindsay Graham! He doubted the veracity of the Swift Boat Veterans! He voted against the Bush tax cuts, and can't be forgiven for saying he supports them now, even though Mitt Romney should be vice president! (She suggested Romney run as a third party candidate if he's not on the GOP ticket.)
It's an old story now, but the biggest applause lines--not just awkward giggles, but applause--were about torture. Coulter eulogized Rudy Giuliani's campaign, saying that at least he wanted to "torture the terrorists!" Huge applause. McCain was a pansy because he wasn't willing to "drip water down a terrorist's nose."
One of the conservative journalists who skipped the speech told me he treats Coulter the way ESPN treats the fans running onto the field: "Just cut away from her." A good policy, but it would obscure some nasty truths about the young Right.
The stars and creative minds behind "Outlander" divulge their favorite costumes and locations, as well as why attention to detail matters so much.
Time travel is nothing new to fans of Starz's popular drama “Outlander,” and they now have the opportunity to transport themselves to 18th century France, thanks to the new “Artistry of Outlander” exhibit at the Paley Center for Media. In association with Sony Pictures and Starz Media, the Paley Center hosted a special preview of the exhibit on Monday, along with a panel featuring the major cast and creatives of “Outlander.” Series leads Caitriona Balfe and Sam Heughan, executive producers Ronald D. Moore and Maril Davis, costume designer Terry Dresbach and production designer Jon Gary Steele were all in attendance to celebrate the show's iconic costumes and sets.
Starz
The exhibit and panel gave the cast and crew an opportunity to celebrate the various creative details that make “Outlander” so unique: though the series is known as much for its sex scenes as for its less raunchy features, this isn't your mother's low-budget bodice-ripper. According to Steele, it's the creative aspects that make their show what it is, and what separates them from everything else on television. “I think we're just trying to do our look, and we all want our show to look different. It's not that we're special — but we are,” he laughed. “We want our show to have its own look.”
Costumes
Getty Images for Paley Center
It took a lot for Dresbach to sign on as costume designer, even though it was Moore, who is also her husband, doing the asking. “He asked me to do the costumes and I turned him down at least five times,” she said, laughing as she led the preliminary tour of the exhibit.
Of the 10,000 garments that were created for the second season, the exhibit includes the most intricate and jaw-dropping of the bunch. From embroidered buttons to hand-painted flowers, no detail was overlooked. “Whether you're going to see all of this on camera… maybe you will, maybe you won't, but it doesn't matter,” Dresbach said. “The actor knows it's there, we know it's there. It's done properly.”
READ MORE: Review: ‘Outlander' Witnesses Worlds and Wars Collide
Despite the amount of care and dedication that went into each garment, Dresbach's team of 72 originally contained very few people with any costume design experience. “It's quite a testimony to this team of people, a lot of whom were straight out of art school and are sculptors or painters, who were all of a sudden figuring out how to do 18th century embroidery.”
She continued, “It was like, ‘Who here has ever made a fan before? Ok, no one? Somebody go on YouTube and see if you can find a video on how to make fans.'”
Getty Images for Paley Center
Dresbach's favorite costume? Claire's “Dior Bar Suit,” one of the only designs featured that isn't actually hers. “It's the signature piece for the whole show,” she said. “As I started working on her costumes, I realized costumes like [Louise's gown] didn't fit. They were too fussy, too hyper-feminine. She's running around in suits in the forties, this is a woman who was in the military! And Claire is from the same period of time that Christian Dior came from in the 1940's. We took the exact Dior bar suit, reproduced it to the letter, and just made it longer.”
Later, Dresbach came close to tears discussing her inspiration for the gown. “The Dior is not my design, but for me it defines what costume design really is. It's not about me, it's about the character and the story, and that's our holy grail. So even if it wasn't mine, it was right for the story. Above all, I'm a storyteller. And that costume served that purpose to perfection.”
Starz
Making every single costume, including those for extras, is a huge undertaking for Dresbach and her team (“I don't know how we did it, I really don't. I look back and it's like this big hallucination”), but the rest of the cast and crew agree that her work was essential to the success of Season 2.
Heughan said that seeing the costumes in person was a completely different experience for him, rather than actually wearing them. “Looking in there really took me back, because you're used to seeing these costumes, but also you're always engaging with the actor wearing them. You're aware of the costume, but you're engaging with that character. And then to actually see them individually, you become so aware of how much craftsmanship has gone into them and the backstory that each one gives you.”
When it comes to favorite costumes, Balfe agreed with Dresbach on the Dior bar suit, but Heughan prefers the classic Scottish costumes to the “frills and lace” that Jamie is forced into in Paris. “I love the French costumes, they're beautiful, but for me the character of Jamie is his kilt. Ultimately that's what's underneath it all, is this Scotsman. And that's where he feels most comfortable, so that would be what I'd take home. I'd probably have to wash it first, though,” he said.
Sets
Getty Images for Paley Center
“Last year, the carpenters and painters started calling the show ‘Brownlander' because everything was brown. This year, it's gold. Lots of gold!”
Steele's enthusiasm for his Parisian sets was tangible as he led groups through the production design side of the exhibit. “We didn't shoot at Versailles, god knows I wanted to… but we always want to build. It's so much more fun.” Show locations including the Apothecary's shop, the brothel and the Parisian apartment were all designed and built from the ground up on soundstages by Steele and his team.
Starz
Steele's personal favorite? The King's Star Chamber, which was the only set that included any modern, fantastical aspects. Despite their usual strict devotion to complete historical accuracy, the show-runners allowed fantasy over fact for Steele's ambitious undertaking. “Rob said, ‘It's crazy, but I love it. Build it!'” Steele said, laughing. “It's magic. We're trying to make magic here.”
Balfe agreed. “Both he and Terry — they're artists, and they've done such an amazing job. I don't understand how they magic it all up, but they do.” Regarding Steele's apothecary set, she said that “I'm always inspecting all of the details. It's such a vivid place. It smelled like an old apothecary, it looked like it… it's just a magical place. Claire walks in and she's sort of dazzled by it all, and that was totally me!”
Getty Images for Paley Center
While most of the sets are built by Steele's team, then either repurposed or decimated, “Outlander” does occasionally shoot on location. Steele mentioned that the house used to shoot the Lallybroch scenes has become a hot spot for tourists — so much so that they're installing a parking garage near the property.
Why Historical Accuracy Matters
Starz
“I think the commitment to making it as truthful as possible was something that was really important to me from the beginning,” Moore said. “We're not going to go back and recreate the 18th century and make it cool and hip, because it's bizarre enough as it is.” (One particularly risqué dress from Episode 2 comes to mind.)
He continued, “We had to make it as completely authentic as we possibly could, day to day. We felt that when you're asking the audience to accept something as crazy and fantastical as time travel, the more real you can make it and the more plausible it is to the audience, the more willing they are to say okay, I buy it. And if they buy it, then they will emotionally invest in the drama.”
While Dresbach and Steele played with the historical accuracy of pieces like the Dior dress and the Star Chamber, they admitted that in order to be able to break the rules, first you have to follow them. “We research and we make sure that we get it right, and then from there we can do something like riff on Claire. You have to have that basis of authenticity if you're going to play with the boundaries like we do,” Dresbach said. “All of her costumes are very 1940's, and the world around her is spot on period correct. Because otherwise the message just doesn't sell.”
Getty Images for Paley Center
While Claire is allowed more modern clothing, that's as far as Dresbach's rule-breaking goes. A costume for just one extra can take months to create. “We dress them accurately from the skin out. Our extras wear corsets. There are no zippers, there's no velcro.” It may seem like overkill, but Davis insists that it's worth the extra effort. “Authenticity is so important to us. That's what's so amazing about doing this event and being able to see this stuff up close. I don't think you realize the detail that goes into it all. Across the board, we just care so much.”
The free exhibit will open to the public beginning Wednesday, June 8, 2016 at the Paley Center for Media in Beverly Hills. The exhibit hours are Wednesday to Sunday from 12:00 – 5:00pm. “Outlander” Season 2 airs Saturdays at 9pm on Starz.
Stay on top of the latest TV news! Sign up for our TV email newsletter here.
Sign Up: Stay on top of the latest breaking film and TV news! Sign up for our Email Newsletters here.
Why did the chicken cross the road? To unplug from the internet.
Adding to its year of pop-culture weirdness, KFC is now selling a $10,000 "internet escape pod" wrapped in a creepily long-armed and long-legged Colonel Sanders figure.
KFC
"We've come up with several technologically advanced, creative experiences for our customers and fans this year," said George Felix, director of KFC's US advertising. "But even we feel the burden of technology during the holiday season. So we decided to go in the opposite direction and create an anti-technology product, using technology, to help one lucky buyer literally escape the holiday chaos."
The dome-shaped pod holds "four adults, and a bucket of Kentucky Fried Chicken," the company says. It's made from steel and stainless-steel mesh, with the colonel's figure created from "8-pound high-density architectural foam and enamel paint."
KFC
KFC warns that the pod may not be perfect as far as keeping the internet out. "Upon installation, every effort will be taken to ensure it fully blocks your device," the statement reads. "You have the colonel's word."
Or, you know, you could just put down your device for a while and spend the $10,000 on something else. That'd buy a lot of chicken.
If you're counting up KFC's weird stunts this year, they include chicken-scented bath bombs, its Twitter account following 11 herbs and spices (five Spice Girls and six guys named Herb), plus its gift of a truly personalized portrait to a man who discovered the Twitter stunt.
TONY JONES, PRESENTER: The Australian Christian Lobby's national conference begins in Canberra tomorrow, but not as originally planned. Julia Gillard withdrew as keynote speaker after the lobby's general manager Jim Wallace claimed homosexuals had a shorter lifespan than smokers. Yet the lobby has still pulled a prestigious crowd. Former Attorney General Robert McClelland and Liberal frontbencher Kevin Andrews both feature as speakers. But with the controversial group increasingly depicted by critics as extreme and not representative of moderate Christians, is that influence at risk of waning?
Ben McLean reports.
BEN MCLEAN, REPORTER: This is Adelaide's Church of the Trinity where about 20 per cent of the congregation is gay, lesbian, bisexual or transgender and they've got strong views on same-sex marriage.
ADELAIDE CHURCH OF TRINITY MEMBER: I think it's about love and about a union between two people and not about the gender of the two people that it involves.
ADELAIDE CHURCH OF TRINITY MEMBER II: I'm all for it. I really don't see any difference in the couple's apart from what junk they've got.
BEN MCLEAN: Those opinions place them in direct opposition to the Australian Christian Lobby, a religious group seldom far from the headlines these days.
And in the lead-up to this month's ACT election, the group's been holding "meet the candidates" forums where aspiring MPs can be grilled by Christians seeking guidance on how to vote.
???: When you are elected, what will you do to assist the traditional family so we can raise the next generation in Canberra?
???: There are no alternative marriages. There is a marriage between a man and a woman.
???: I believe that if two people do love each other and they can provide a stable relationship, then I do believe that they should have the right to marry.
BEN MCLEAN: These forums are one of the key platforms the ACL uses to send politicians a reminder that they're committed Christians and they vote. But as the ACL prepares for its national conference, it's under increasing scrutiny itself.
Two months ago, this list of keynote speakers for the conference included Prime Minister Julia Gillard. That was until the Lobby's general manager Jim Wallace claimed homosexuals had a shorter life expectancy than smokers, sparking a storm of criticism.
TONY MCLELLAN, CHAIRMAN, ACL: We've been attacked and I suppose I put it down to a group in the media who don't like the influence that we've apparently had in this debate about gay marriage.
BEN MCLEAN: The chairman of the ACL board Tony McClelland say Australia is in the midst of a spiritual war.
TONY MCLELLAN: It's against the kingdom of God by the Devil. The Devil doesn't like God and doesn't like everything God stands for. I would say that people who are trying to change the definition of marriage, which has its roots in Christianity, are obviously trying to deconstruct Christian's views of what marriage should be. And they well may be motivated by the evil one to do that.
BEN MCLEAN: The Australian Christian Lobby now has branches in every state and territory bar South Australia. It claims membership has soared by about 50 per cent in just the last 12 months while donations have reached almost $2 million annually.
Pentecostal Christian and former journalist John Gagliardi founded the organisation, originally known as the Australian Christian Coalition, in 1995, aiming to be a non-partisan, non-denominational lobby group. Lacking strategic experience, he said a chance meeting with Jim Wallace at an ACL event saw Mr Wallace join the board and propel the group to a new level of influence.
JOHN GAGLIARDI, LOBBY CO-FOUNDER: He brought an organisational ability as somebody who's come out of high command in the Army. He's structured the ACL in a way that I never could. He's brought discipline. He's highly respected in political parties. If he wants to talk to politicians, the door is always open to him.
BEN MCLEAN: The former SAS commander doesn't run from a battle. Jim Wallace loudly campaigns against gay marriage, criticised the sacking of Liberal MP Cory Bernardi over remarks linking same-sex marriage and bestiality and had to apologise last week for tweeting on Anzac Day that Australian soldiers didn't fight for Islam.
His positions have raised the ACL's public profile, but also grown its list of critics and not just in secular circles. Reverend Sue Wickham and her partner Leanne Jenski founded Christians for Gay Marriage specifically to counter the ACL.
SUE WICKHAM, CHRISTIANS FOR GAY MARRIAGE: The number of people Leanne and I encounter who have been ostracised from their churches, from their families because people hold "Christian" values like the ACL is just phenomenal.
BEN MCLEAN: The defeat of two separate bills to legalise same-sex marriage in Federal Parliament last month is seen by the ACL as a big win and proof that most Australians back its agenda. But it's also had its share of losses, failing to stop the introduction of an adult video game classification or ethics classes as an alternative to scripture in NSW state schools.
Political scientist Rodney Smith says many politicians overestimate the strength of the Christian vote in Australia.
RODNEY SMITH, UNIVERSITY OF SYDNEY: A lot of Australian politicians particularly early in their careers go over to the United States and learn from campaigns there and so on and the Christian right is such an important part of American politics and particularly American electoral politics, and so it's perhaps easy to overestimate the importance of the same sorts of sections of the community in Australia. The Christian right in Australia is much smaller, much less organised, much less powerful than it is in the United States.
BEN MCLEAN: The ACL has come to be recorded by many people, including some of the politicians it courts, as a right-wing highly conservative organisation.
SUE WICKHAM: They can say that they are moderate and represent the views of the majority of Australian Christians, but then when, you know, one of their key speakers says something ridiculous like, "It's better for your health to smoke than to be a homosexual," they dump themselves right into the, you know - well, the right-wing loony camp.
TONY MCLELLAN: When you hear that you say, "Well, I'm not telling my story completely or correctly or adequately." I think there's a fair comment. And I don't want to be thought of, us to be thought of as a right-wing organisation. I'd like us to be thought of as an organisation that represented biblical truth into the Parliament.
BEN MCLEAN: For the Australian Christian Lobby, maintaining its political influence may depend on convincing people it's genuinely a broad church.
Ben McLean, Lateline.
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration has launched an investigation into Harley-Davidson (hog) motorcycles after receiving 43 complaints that riders' brakes had failed without warning.
The inquiry covers 430,000 Harley-Davidson motorcycles, model years spanning from 2008 to 2011, that feature an anti-lock braking system, which is designed to prevent riders from losing grip if circumstances (like getting suddenly cut off by a driver) call for a hard brake.
According to NHTSA's report, “Riders report[ed] sudden brake system failure occurring without warning.” While NHTSA noted that Harley-Davidson has a two-year brake fluid replacement interval that “owners [were] either aware of or ignore,” it considered the “consequent sudden and complete loss of brake(s) … a concern.”
One Arkansas rider of the 2011 Harley-Davidson FLHR—one of the models currently under investigation—complained to NHTSA last January that “while driving at approximately 75 mph, the vehicle started to shake and wobble.”
Another rider from Texas who filed a complaint reported that the “front brake lever froze with no warning while riding it home on the highway … Fortunately for me, my rear brakes still worked fine, or I wouldn't be able to make this complaint.” Three crashes and two injuries were reported, but numerous riders mentioned in their complaints that severe accidents had only been narrowly avoided.
The announcement of the investigation follows what was a record-setting year for recalls at Harley-Davidson according to the Wall Street Journal. A 2014 recall was also issued for over 60,000 motorcycles over malfunctioning brakes, but in that case, the brakes were not failing without warning but engaging unexpectedly.
In an e-mailed statement to Fortune, a spokesperson for Harley-Davidson wrote, “We are aware of and are cooperating with NHTSA on the investigation.”
Australia's recently resigned resources minister has unleashed a torrent of public criticism, after posting a heartfelt note of farewell to “the mining sector” on his Facebook page.
Canavan stood aside as federal minister for resources and northern Australia this week after it was revealed he held dual Australian and Italian citizenship. He has blamed his mother for the oversight, and is mounting a legal battle to remain in the Senate.
“It has been such an honour to represent the Australian mining sector over the past year,” the July 27 post begins.
“From the small, gambling explorers and prospectors to the large, world-beating multi-nationals, the industry provides rich and diverse experiences that can take you to the smallest towns of outback Australia to the biggest cities in the world.”
The note, which also touches on the current state of commodity prices and jobs, sparked instant outrage from readers, who noted Canavan was “supposed to represent the people of Queensland, and not private mining companies.”
Indeed, the very first comment (below) which said exactly that, has since received more “likes” than Canavan's own post – although it should be noted that there are many comments in support of Canavan and of his dedication to mining, too.
Other comments suggested his ode to the resources sector looked suspiciously like a job application.
And others just make some really interesting points….
As anyone who has experienced the devastation of spilling a glass of water on their laptop knows, H 2 O and computers don't mix. Almost equally bad? Magnets. Both are terrible, horrible, no-good computer killing substances... which is why it was kind of a surprise to learn about a brand-new computer built using water droplets and an electromagnet.
A 'computer' is a machine that can follow a program or list of instructions. This computer, announced in a paper published this week in Nature Physics, doesn't process information, however, like electronic computers do today. Instead, it can manipulate tiny droplets of water.
"Droplets are fascinating material, because they are a little bag, you can put anything you want in it" said Manu Prakash, a bioengineer at Stanford who designed the computer along with his students.
In this case, Prakash and his team put tiny amounts of magnetic nanoparticles into the water droplets, and placed them on a tiny metal maze about the size of a stamp. The metal bars act as pathways along which the magnetic drops can travel--a movement that is equivalent to the patterns of ones and zeros that make up computer code today.
The hope is that one day, those tiny droplets could act like test tubes, analyzing chemicals or biological components more quickly and more easily than any current lab technology.
There are plans to release the design of this physical computer to the public, but in the meantime, to see machine in action, watch the Stanford team's video below:
The IndyCar drivers were spread out among 12 different teams and the four different classes. Karam, Kimball, Kanaan, and Dixon all raced for IndyCar team Chip Ganassi Racing, with the former two being in the #01 machine and the latter two in the #02. A full list of the IndyCar drivers that competed is below:
Sage KaramCharlie KimballTony KanaanScott DixonSebastien BourdaisRyan Hunter-ReayJack HawksworthMartin PlowmanRyan BriscoeSimon PagenaudGraham RahalTownsend BellJames HinchcliffeJames DavisonThe IndyCar drivers fared very well in the endurance race, with Scott Dixon and Tony Kanaan piloting the #02 Chip Ganassi car to a victory in the Prototype class. Sebastian Bourdais followed suit behind them with a second place finish in the #5 car, co-piloted by Barbosa and Fittipaldi.The winner of the GT Le Mans series also had an IndyCar driver behind the wheel, Ryan Briscoe. Along with Magnussen and Garcia as the other drivers, the #3 entry was the first of the GTLM class to cross the finish line, completing 725 laps in the 24 hour period.Other significant finishes for IndyCar drivers are listed below:Dixon: First overall, first in PrototypeKanaan: First overall, first in PrototypeBourdais: Second overall, second in PrototypeBriscoe: Fifth overall, first in GTLMPagenaud: Eighth overall, third in GTLMIndyCar natives have had a good track record historically at the Rolex 24. Juan Pablo Montoya is tied for seventh on the all-time win list with three wins. Scott Dixon, Al Unser, Jr., and A.J. Foyt are all tied for 13th on the same list with two wins.Ganassi as a constructor has also been quite successful, winning six of the last ten 24 Hours' of Daytona.The IndyCar drivers and teams had great success in the competition in 2015, only building on the great history that the series has when competing in the endurance event.
After more than six years of intensive effort, including repeated failures that at times made the quest seem futile, Harvard Stem Cell Institute (HSCI) researchers at Boston Children's Hospital (BCH) and at Harvard's Department of Stem Cell and Regenerative Biology (HSCRB) have successfully converted mouse and human skin cells into pain-sensing neurons that respond to a number of stimuli that cause acute and inflammatory distress.
This “disease in a dish” model of pain reception may advance the understanding of different types of pain, identify why individuals differ in their pain responses or their risk of developing chronic pain, and make possible the development of improved drugs to treat pain. A report on the work was given advance online release today by the journal Nature Neuroscience.
Clifford Woolf, co-director of HSCI's Nervous System Diseases Program, led the research effort. Postdoctoral fellows Brian Wainger and Liz Buttermore are first authors on the journal paper. Woolf's collaborators on the project included Lee Rubin and Kevin Eggan, both professors in HSCRB.
The neuronal pain receptors created by Woolf and his team reportedly respond to both the kind of intense stimuli that are triggered by a physical injury and that cause “ouch” pain, and the more subtle stimuli triggered by inflammation, which results in pain tenderness. The fact that the neurons respond to both the gross and fine forms of stimulation that produce distinct pain in humans provides confirmation that the neurons are functioning as naturally developed neurons would, Woolf said.
When the project began, Woolf's team was attempting to create pain-sensing neurons from embryonic stem cells, but the task proved far more challenging than first envisioned.
“We spent three years trying to recapitulate the developmental steps involved, and it turned out to be a total bust,” said Woolf, who in addition to his HSCI roles is a Harvard Medical School (HMS) professor of neurology and neurobiology, and director of the F.M. Kirby Neurobiology Center at BCH. But the effort to develop pain-sensing neurons was occurring at just the right moment in the evolution of stem cell biology, coinciding with the development of induced pluripotent stem cell (iPS) technology, the ability to transform adult human cells into stem cells and then into other forms of adult cells.
The project was the original effort of an ongoing collaboration between HSCI researchers and pharmaceutical giant GlaxoSmithKline, and, said Woolf, “for the first three years it was a total bust. But they, like us, were in it for the long haul.”
Describing the early days of the project as “hitting our head against a brick wall,” Woolf said that “we had a dogged kind of persistence,” and once the team began attempting to create the neurons directly from mouse and human skin cells, everything began to fall into place.
“We took mature neurons from mice, and found transcription factors that hadn't been described before,” Woolf said. Then, using five factors — including three previously undescribed factors — the team was able to transform skin cells directly into the pain-sensing neurons.
Asked what kept him pushing through repeated failures to make pain neurons using different approaches, initially starting with human embryonic stem cells, Woolf said, “It's really complicated, because there are many projects I do pull the plug on, when I can't see any way out of it. Here, even though we experienced failure constantly, I always felt there was something else we could do that would advance the work. Whether it was worth this long haul, time will tell. I'm optimistic.
“I think the ability to make human pain neurons for the pain field is going to be very important. Furthermore, our failure with embryonic stem cells led us to work with adult tissue samples, making the technology much more clinically relevant, since these are easy to collect [from patients suffering from different kinds of pain],” he added.
Woolf noted that the pain-sensing neurons his team developed “beautifully model” neuropathies and hypersensitivity to pain experienced by some of the patients who donated skin cells to the project. “Many pain conditions are due to genetic mutations, and we can model those beautifully,” Woolf said.
From ricochet.com, A Review of Hive Mind: How Your Nation's IQ Matters So Much More Than Your Own
From the reviews on Amazon:
The book's primary and most important contribution is to document the following empirical regularity: Suppose you could a) improve your own IQ by 10 points, or b) improve the IQs of your fellow countrymen (but not your own) by 10 points. Which would do more to increase your income? The answer is (b), and it's not even close. The latter choice improves your income by about 6 times the former choice.
One implication of the regularity should please some conservatives—perhaps especially Ann Coulter and Donald Trump. It says that, if the U.S. continues its current policy of admitting many third-world immigrants, then this will likely decrease the incomes of current citizens. Alternatively, it also implies that a better policy would be to admit only “the best” people, in the words of Donald Trump.
Regarding the second point, the problem is the immigration debate has been dominated by politics, overshadowing economics. The solution may be to stop or restrict immigration from countries or demographics where there is likely to be a net economic drain.
Hispanics tend to use welfare at a much higher rate than Asians or Europeans (observed for both natives and immigrants):
This lends support to high-IQ immigration. Having a larger pool of labor helps if we consider a situation where a foreigner is qualified and there are no qualified Americans applying, or the foreigner is more qualified, or the foreigner is qualified and can do the work for less.But tech companies in America are still paying top dollar for top US talent. Also, smarter immigrants tend to create jobs.
However, a counterargument is that foreign workers depress wages and take job opportunities that would otherwise go to native tech workers. As I show here, what's more likely happening is that tech companies are not substituting US workers with foreign workers to save money, as is commonly believed. The report finds that STEM jobs are also hard to fill.
Unfortunately, there isn't a consensus on the matter, with arguments showing that immigrants may or may not depress wages. A Google search indicates the debate is far from settled.
As for the first point regarding national IQ and income, I'm not so sure about this. Because I have not read the book (and am I going by the review), I don't know if the author makes the distinction between nominal incomes (which are rising) and real (which have been flat for awhile).
Linear regression models show a positive correlation between national IQ and per-capita income, originally observed by Richard Lynn and Tatu Vanhanen in their book, IQ and the Wealth of Nations:
Per-capita income has also soared:
However, real median income has been stagnant despite rising GDP growth:
I think what's happening here is that per-capita income is skewed in favor the financial ‘elite', who have seen real wages surge, while the median lags.
Per-capita income is a mean value and does not reflect income distribution. If a country's income distribution is skewed, a small wealthy class can increase per capita income substantially while the majority of the population has no change in income. In this respect, median income is more useful when measuring of prosperity than per capita income, as it is less influenced by outliers.
Booting the nation's IQ will likely boost exports, GPD, profits, and technological innovation – but not necessarily real median wages. But that may be OK, though, because new technologies lead to more utility, as in the example I give of TV sets or movie tickets. Technology may improve living standards, so much so that wealth inequality and stagnant wages may not matter. The result, however, may be an ‘un-participatory' economy where a lot of people are not contributing much to economic growth, nor are participating in the gains such as measured by real wages, in accordance with the Pareto Principle.
Next time you do battle with a spider, maybe check first to make sure it isn't carrying a legion of "mini-mes" on its back.
An Oct. 3 video captured by YouTube user Mathew Duncan features a violent showdown between two spiders -- and shows what looks like a couple dozen babies exploding from the spider under attack. It's worth the (very creepy) watch.
Dr. Leonard Vincent, an entomologist and arachnid expert at Fullerton College in California, identified the "exploding" spider as a wolf spider.
"Female members of this family have their eggs sac attached to their spinnerets," Vincent told The Huffington Post in an email, referring to the spiders' silk-spinning organs. "Where the adult female goes, so does the egg sac."
Once hatched, the spiderlings crawl onto their mother's back and stay there for a week or two before becoming independent -- unless another spider attacks.
Two people including a Border Security Force head constable and a six-year-old boy were killed, while two BSF personnel among over half a dozen others including women and children injured as Pakistani Rangers resorted to heavy mortar shelling all along the international border from Suchetgarh sector in R S Pura to Pargwal in Akhnoor sector during wee hours of Monday.
Advertising
WATCH VIDEO | Pakistan Resorts To Heavy Mortar Shelling, 1 BSF Jawan Dead, 3 Injured
The deceased have been identified as head constable as Sushil Kumar of Pahova in Kurukshetra district of Haryana and Vicky, 6, of Bihar. While the former died in Pakistani mortar shelling in R S Pura sector, the latter suffered splinter injuries at Lalyal in Kanachak sector. His mother Buniya Devi was injured, sources said, adding that the boy's parents had come here from Bihar to work as agricultural labourers.
The injured BSF personnel included Assistant Sub Inspector R D Puri and constable Ayyapa Babu. The injured civilians have been identified as Parkasho Devi of Gajanso and Krishna Devi of Treva, Girdhari Lal of Sai, R S Pura , besides Sunil, 2, of Garkhal.
Sources said that the BSF was retaliating tat all the places. Over two dozen BSF posts were affected in fresh spate of intense mortar shelling which came from across the border after a lull of two-three hours, sources said. The shelling is so intense that it is audible even in areas situated nearly 20 kms away from the international border.
There were also reports to damage to civilian property and death of cattle also, but the details were not available. The people were staying indoors waiting for the shelling to stop.
WATCH VIDEO |
Earlier on Sunday evening after a lull of nearly 48 hours, Pakistani Rangers had violated ceasefire by resorting to only two – three small bursts fired between duty points at 6.20 pm. “No border petrol vehicle was targeted”, an official spokesperson had said.
Later at 9.45 pm, these were followed by the firing of a few 82 mm mortar shells in Korotana Khurd, Abdullian and Tube Well No. 5. However, there had been no damage on the Indian side. The Indian side retaliated and the exchange of mortar shelling had continued till mid night after Pakistani guns fell silent.
Significantly, the latest ceasefire by Pakistan has come A than 12 hours after Additional Director General of BSF Arun Kumar warned Pakistan that it will have to pay a heavy price if it tried even to touch any of its personnel. In this context, he referred to the killing of seven Pakistani Rangers in BSF retaliation to their skipper fire hitting latter's sepoy Gurnam Singh in the head on Friday morning.
A day before getting hit by Pakistani bullet, Gurnam had been instrumental in foiling an infiltration attempt by a group of terrorists from across the international border into Bobiyan area of Hiranagar sector. One terrorist was also killed at that time.
Advertising
Gurnam, who was admitted in intensive care unit of the Government Medical College Hospital at Jammu, succumbed to his injury at the midnight of October 22-23. His body was taken to his native village Rath anand in R S Pura tehsil where his cremation will take place on Monday.
My fellow Oregonians,
Like many of you, I was shocked to hear of the unexpected passing of Antonin Scalia this weekend. While I'd like to avoid any political conversation on the subject, the debate surrounding how and when the Supreme Court seat held by Justice Scalia has given me the opportunity to reflect on the fundamental principles of our country and our sport. (Though I do think it's worth pointing out that lifetime appointment is something we could consider applying to coaching jobs. It's not like term limits are doing wonders for Syracuse.)
What sets this nation apart from so many others is our steadfast adherence to direct democracy. We do this not because it is the most efficient way of governing, but because it best ensures our collective liberty. Regular elections, long and laborious though they may be, provide an immense opportunity for we, the citizens, to speak to our government in clear voices. In doing so, we remind that government that it works for the people, not above it. And, again, without diving into any substantive political argument, I think we can all agree that actions taken by the government intended to subvert the will of the people do damage to our democracy. Election Day should be treated with respect and reverence by elected officials, not viewed as a deadline to push through an agenda.
It is in the spirit of that respect that I have come to the following decision: I will not recognize any Oregon losses before Tuesday, November 8.
Some will accuse me of doing this for personal reasons, that I'm trying to avoid the negative attention that would come with an embarrassing road loss to Nebraska or failing to continue our streak against Washington or losing at home by three touchdowns to Colorado. Nothing could be further from the truth. I simply refuse to ratify any Oregon loss that isn't supported by popular mandate.
I mean, they freaking use the term LAME DUCK for these situations. Seems pretty clear we're not supposed to take any potential failings on my part before the election all that seriously. So no, I won't be acknowledging my hot seat if we lose in Week 2 to Virginia. If we go to Pullman and give up 700 yards, I will still consider this team to be undefeated. Get thumped by USC on November 5th? Sometimes election season is about accepting there are certain states where you won't win and not wasting your resources on them.
Respecting the democratic process means letting that process play out. If the voters on the Playoff Commitee don't support me, they'll get the chance to see Oregon lose in short order: our first game after the election is against Stanford.
The first YXE international container train travelling from China's Yiwu to Iran's Teheran as part of "The Silk Road Economic Belt" and "The 21st Century Maritime Silk Road" strategy, also known as "One Belt, One Road", departs from a container terminal in Yiwu city, east China's Zhejiang province, 28 January 2016. [Photo: ImagineChina]
A new review is suggesting the Chinese government's "Belt and Road" initiative has made progress over the past year.
Stats from countries officially involved in the Chinese program show the total volume of bilateral trade those countries and China hit 995 billion U.S. dollars last year.
That makes up around one-quarter of all of China's overall trade volume.
Chinese Commerce Ministry spokesperson Shen Danyang.
"We have established more than 50 overseas trade cooperation zones with respective countries. The China-Belarus Industrial Zone, Thai-Chinese Rayong Industrial Zone and China-Indonesia Comprehensive Industrial Zone in particular have attained considerable and effective progress and become important media for Chinese companies to go out as groups and promote international capacity and equipment manufacturing cooperation with relevant countries."
The same review also shows Chinese companies have invested over 2 billion US dollars in "Belt and Road" countries last year, an over 40-percent increase year on year.
At the same time, around one-billion US dollars worth of investment from those countries has flowed into China through last year, up over 5-percent.
Abu Huraira reported: The Prophet, peace and blessings be upon him, said, “A prostitute had once been forgiven. She passed by a dog panting near a well. Thirst had nearly killed him, so she took off her sock, tied it to her veil, and drew up some water. Allah forgave her for that.”
Source: Ṣaḥīḥ al-Bukhārī 3143, Ṣaḥīḥ Muslim 2245
Grade: Muttafaqun Alayhi (authenticity agreed upon) according to Al-Bukhari and Muslim
عَنْ أَبِي هُرَيْرَةَ رَضِيَ اللَّهُ عَنْهُ عَنْ رَسُولِ اللَّهِ صَلَّى اللَّهُ عَلَيْهِ وَسَلَّمَ قَالَ غُفِرَ لِامْرَأَةٍ مُومِسَةٍ مَرَّتْ بِكَلْبٍ عَلَى رَأْسِ رَكِيٍّ يَلْهَثُ قَالَ كَادَ يَقْتُلُهُ الْعَطَشُ فَنَزَعَتْ خُفَّهَا فَأَوْثَقَتْهُ بِخِمَارِهَا فَنَزَعَتْ لَهُ مِنْ الْمَاءِ فَغُفِرَ لَهَا بِذَلِكَ
3143 صحيح البخاري كتاب بدء الخلق باب إذا وقع الذباب في شراب أحدكم فليغمسه فإن في إحدى جناحيه داء وفي الأخرى شفاء
2245 صحيح مسلم كتاب السلام باب فضل سقي البهائم المحترمة وإطعامها
It's time to celebrate Eeyore's Birthday Party! This annual event at Pease Park is in its 49th year and getting bigger and better with age.
Throw on a costume for the costume contest, bring your canine friends, and get the kids ready for sack races and face painting. Non-profit vendors will provide food and drink.
These are only a few of the exciting things you'll experience at Eeyore's Birthday.
This year, park for FREE at the State parking garage E and lot 3 on Colorado, between 16th and 17th streets. Shuttle busses will pick you up there and take you to Pease Park, and return you to your vehicle when the fun is done. The shuttles will run all day long. There is no parking available at Pease Park, so don't try!
Proceeds from this event go to approximately two dozen Austin non-profits. This year, a few of the organizations receiving donations are:
Austin Humane Society
Breast Cancer Resource Center
Family Eldercare
Newspapers in Education
Sustainable Food Center
Workers Defense Project
And many more!
Hop on over to Eeyores.org for more information. Or leave a comment here and we'll do our best to find an answer to your question!
This is going to be a great event and we hope to see you there.
Austinot Brittany asks:
Have you ever been to Eeyore's Birthday Party?
Photos courtesy of Jack Newton, jdn and fragility_v2 via Creative Commons.
C is for Crater: NASA Says Mercury Craters Resemble Cookie Monster
Photo: NASA/Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory/Carnegie Institution of Washington
More from Science Space & Robots
NASA posted this image of craters on Mercury on Flickr and asked, "Anyone Else Think This Looks Like the Cookie Monster?" The NASA image, from the Messenger mission , was acquired on August 29, 2012 and posted on October 12, 2012. The image shows two small craters on the rim of a larger older crater. The smaller craters are the Cookie Monster's eyes and the large crater is his mouth.NASA notes in the text of its Flickr post that "the superposition of younger craters on older craters (in this case two smaller craters upon the rim of an older crater) can result in landforms that appear to resemble more familiar shapes to human eyes."
Discover the history of wolves in Yellowstone, including what happened to the ecosystem when they were eradicated and when they were reintroduced Jan 12, 1995
Releasing a Sawtooth wolf pup into the Nez Perce acclimation pen, February 1997. NPS Jim Peaco
When the long white truck drove through Roosevelt Arch on Jan. 12, 1995, it was almost like watching a modern-day Trojan horse arrive in Yellowstone.
Inside were eight gray wolves from Jasper National Park in Alberta, Canada. They became the first wolves to roam Yellowstone since the 1920s when the last pack was killed. By the end of 1996, 31 wolves were relocated to the park.
Bringing back the wolves struck a nerve among ranchers along the park's boundaries who feared the wolves would wander out of the park and kill their livestock. But wildlife biologists felt the wolves played a key role in the Yellowstone ecosystem, including controlling the elk population, which had ballooned in the wolves' absence and wreaked havoc on the range.
Eradication of Wolves 1872-1926
When the Hayden expedition explored Yellowstone in the late 1800s, wolf packs roamed the park. But, by the end of the 1920s, gray wolves had been hunted to eradication. Wolves had been pursued with more determination than any other animal in United States history.
70 Years Later, Reintroduction of Wolves in 1995
As attitudes towards wild ecosystems changed, people began questioning whether a wolf-less Yellowstone environment was a healthy one. Once the wolves were gone, the elk population exploded and they grazed their way across the landscape killing young brush and trees. As early as the 1930s, scientists were alarmed by the degradation and were worried about erosion and plants dying off.
To protect declining species from the shortsightedness of man, the Endangered Species Act was created. In 1974 the gray wolf was added to the list.
Biologists in Yellowstone began exploring the idea of bringing Canadian wolves to the park and on January 12, 1995 the first eight wolves arrived from Jasper National Park in Alberta, Canada.
Wolves have a large roaming area and a homing instinct. It was feared that the expensive, transplanted wolves would simply head north to home. To make the wolves establish a home in the park, Yellowstone built three acclimation pens to house 14 wolves for several weeks. Carcasses of elk were covertly "planted" to give wolves a taste of their new environment.
A Protected Wolf is Killed
Crossing their fingers for luck, biologists opened the pens the last week of March. As feared #10, the alpha male in the Rose Creek pack, almost immediately headed north and crossed the border to Montana. His mate, pregnant with pups, followed him soon after. On April 26, 1995 near Red Lodge, Montana, #10 was illegally shot by Chad McKittrick who received a prison sentence and fine. Fortunately, #10's mate, #9 and her eight pups were rescued and moved back into the park. This couple's bloodline can be traced in the majority of the wolf packs today.
The Effects of the Reintroduction of Wolves
In the years that followed, wolves brought the elk population down and protected the open valleys from overgrazing. However, the number of elk killed was double than estimated and many local hunters stir controversy by protesting that the wolves will end up killing ALL of the elk. Today the debate is still strong. Inside the park, scientists joyously exclaim that the wolves have saved Yellowstone. Cross the park border into a gateway town and you will surely hear how wolves kill for the pleasure of killing and are terrorizing ranches and wildlife.
Read more about the environmental changes since wolves have returned and the status of Yellowstone's 10 wolf packs in 2013, and 11 wolf packs in 2014.
Photo Gallery: Remembering the First Wolves of 1995
Crystal Bench wolf acclimation pen, October 1994. NPS Jim Peaco
Bobsled with wolf shipping container at Crystal Bench with Mark Johnson (left), Bob Blackwell, and Wally Wines (right), January 12, 1995. NPS Jim Peaco
Ben Cunningham transporting Sawtooth pups, February 1997. NPS Jim Peaco
Doug Smith carrying a tranquilized wolf in the Rose Creek Pen, February 1997. NPS Jim Peaco
Park staff hauling elk carcass to Nez Perce Pen. January 1996. NPS Jim Peaco
Wolf #9, the mother of the first pups, in the Rose Creek acclimation pen, 1995. NPS Barry O'Neill
Recommended: An in-depth account of the political debate and enactment of the wolf reintroduction from The Flathead Beacon: http://flatheadbeacon.com/2015/01/15/20th-anniversary-yellowstone-wolf-reintroduction-observed/
click to enlarge Mitch Ryals photo
Destiny Brown, a homeless woman originally from Pennsylvania, with her dog, Mister: "If they can't see us, then they can't judge us. Maybe they should try and put their feet in our shoes. See how well they would do."
Journalists are supposed to offer one thing to the people they cover — an opportunity to comment, to share their side, to give another perspective. It's only fair, the thinking goes.
But it doesn't always happen.
Local residents were introduced this week to a homeless camp on the banks of the Spokane River.
point
not
CLEANUPS
"It looks like they've kind of made themselves a little Spokane Riviera Country Club," KHQ's Peter Maxwell says at the beginning of a Facebook Live video, later calling the encampment a "full-blown country club for the Spokane homeless."The video, broadcast on Tuesday, had been viewed almost 60,000 times and shared on social media about 240 times as of Wednesday evening. Some viewers took offense to Maxwell's comments, and KHQ has since removed it, but we saved a copy.Standing across from the encampment on the south side of the river, Maxwell describes a "concrete wall," a dog and at least three people, one of whom is apparently wearing football pads."I don't know why he would be wearing those pads unless he's going to go try out for a team or something like that," Maxwell says mockingly. "Maybe someone's missing a pair of shoulder pads? If you are missing them, they're probably down here."A later segment that aired on KHQ Tuesday evening described the camp as an eyesorein an otherwise up-and-coming neighborhood. Maxwell tells his viewers that he called Spokane's code enforcement to ask what can be done to "evict these people out from this camp."What viewers didn't get, however, was the perspective of the people living there, context on how illegal camps can cause issues, or whether this specific camp has caused any problems.Destiny Brown says she has been living at the camp for about two months. She says she's been on the waiting list for low-income housing for two years and has nowhere else to go. Before moving with her dog Mister to the banks of the Spokane River, she lived on the streets downtown."I'm spending most of my time trying to hide from the police or making sure my shit is concealed so that we don't get chased off," she says. "We're constantly having to move. I don't know what we did to people to piss them off, but we're not all that way. We're not."Now, Brown and the other six people living by the river are being evicted. On Thursday — two days after the KHQ segment aired and Maxwell called Spokane's code enforcement — a pair of Spokane police officers told the group they have three hours to pack up and leave."There are plenty of resources for them to use," Sgt. Richard Carroll tells anreporter, while his partner speaks to one of the men living at the camp. "If they choose not to use them..."Carroll says SPD was originally tipped off to the camp by Spokane's code enforcement and not because the police spotted the people living here doing anything illegal (other than living there). He notes that signs are posted telling people it's against the law to camp in this area "If you want to get a job and get a piece of property and make your own kingdom, that's your right," Officer Dale Wells tells Walter Vielbig, who said he's a convicted felon. (He's also registered as a sex offender.) "At someyou have to take responsibility, but we can't let this become a transient camp.""I don't have anywhere to go," Vielbig responds. "I'm homeless."Traci Zeravica, the news director at KHQ, acknowledges that Maxwell's comments were "flip.""I don't think that was the intention," she says. "We own that, and the reporter owns that."After the segment aired Tuesday evening, Zeravica says, a woman named "Ellie," who is homeless, contacted the station to express her frustration."I'm intrigued by what we have learned in doing this story insofar as the landscape of some of the folks who are homeless," Zeravica says. "We'll probably do a heck of a lot more stories [on homelessness]. Part of our job is to learn and grow and serve the community in different ways. I think we'll continue to evolve."Since May, Maxwell has filed stories on homelessness that strike a similar tone. For example, in " Fighting back against 'homeless camp on wheels ,'" Maxwell tells viewers that he called the city to ask if there would be a "crackdown on this homeless camp on wheels."In a June story , Maxwell says he brought the cops to a possible "bike chop shop" at an encampment near Lewis and Clark High School. For these two stories, Maxwell did attempt to talk to the homeless subjects of his reports.Zeravica says the police opened an investigation to find out if the bikes were stolen, but is unsure of the outcome."Do we always call police or the authorities? No," she says. "But we couldn'tcall police about that."
When Spokane's code enforcement gets a complaint about a camp, typically the first group to take action is the Homeless Outreach Team, says Melissa Wittstruck, a neighborhood and housing specialist with code enforcement.
depends on
Wittstruck
the viaducts downtown
"There's
WHAT CAN YOU DO TO HELP?
"So they can go out first to the location, offer services, let the campers know, 'You can't be here. We've got services,'" Wittstruck says. "If necessary, the police department will post and give them 48 hours notice that they have to move, and remove their belongings."She estimates there are about three or four camps cleared out every day. In places where "no trespassing" signs are posted, folks may be moved along immediately.When litter and belongings are left behind at camps on city property, crews come in and clean it up. Who does that workon where a camp is,says. Code enforcement has a litter team, as do the parks and streets departments, and the city uses a Geiger Corrections Facility work crew for certain areas.On a typical day, the Geiger crew, working the Interstate 90 corridor from Maple to Division and some of, picks up between 600 and 1,000 pounds of litter (not all from camps), Wittstruck says.Brown says that she and the others living in the camp have worked to keep it clear of trash."There was more trash when we first got down here than there is now," she says. "When we leave, we always take a bag of trash up with us."Wittstruck's department doesn't currently track whether they are moving the same people from illegal camps repeatedly, she says, but anecdotally, she has seen the same people moved on more than one occasion."There are people that for whatever reason are making a choice to be there," Wittstruck says.also people we work with ... they clean up after themselves and after other people in that situation. Like I said, it's not a crime (to be homeless), and there's a lot of human dignity and a lot of sometimes sadness associated with this, but that doesn't mean, like any other citizen, they don't care about the community they live in, or the location."
Rather than just complaining to the city, nonprofit organizations or news organizations, Spokane Homeless Coalition Chair Ryan Oelrich says he asks people to consider what they can do to help in these situations.
nonprofit
onboard
ONE CAMP, MULTIPLE LIVES
B
Spokane,
she,
"Whenever somebody calls me to complain about finding a homeless camp or seeing someone on the corner that's panhandling, I always ask, ‘What did you do to help? What can you do to help?'" Oelrich says. "People like the city to take care of all this, ororganizations, but it's complicated, and we need everybodyto really address and resolve homelessness in Spokane."Oelrich recognizes the concerns with illegal camps — a few years ago, a fire started by illegal campers came within about 100 feet of his property."This is a real issue here. We need to work to get beyond it," he says. "We have organizations that can work with these folks to hopefully get them into housing. They have to be willing to do that."Sometimes people have good reason to not want to stay in a shelter.When youths turn 18 and age out of the youth shelter, staying around older adults may not be the best fit for them. Oelrich says one 19-year-old man he knows says that after he was beaten up several times at an adult shelter, he decided he'd rather camp.Another woman Oelrich encountered was covered head to toe in mosquito bites."She said, 'I much prefer the mosquitos and sleeping along the river as opposed to the shelter, where men are always trying to touch me,'" Oelrich says.He suggests talking to people first before passing judgment.Also, rather than "drive-by gifting" money or clothing, he always recommends giving to service organizations that have case managers to keep people accountable and assist with moving them out of homelessness.Vielbig is from California and Dustin Earwood, the man they call "Country," is from South Carolina. Each one is upfront about the reason they're living here by the river, and not in a home or a shelter.After Brown's mother died a few years ago, she "freaked out" and started hitchhiking around the country. She landed inand is open about her drug use. She says she's trying to quit.Earwood says he came to Washington for the legal marijuana. He prefers the outdoors to shelters."Only thing these people can say about me if they cross my path is that I'm a respectful man," he says. "I say 'Yes, sir, thank you, please, excuse me.' You don't have to give me the same respect, but you better not disrespect me in arm's reach."As a felon, Vielbig says it's nearly impossible for him to find steady employment, and being surrounded by large groups of people in shelters gives him severe anxiety.Brown says she watched KHQ's video on their website after it aired."It was pretty much bashing on us and saying that we're a nuisance or whatever," she explains. "And we're not. We sit here and mind our own business. We're not loud, we're not obnoxious. We come in just like normal people, and we live just like normal people."After the two police officers gave the group a few hours to leave, Brown begins packing her things into a backpack. Neithernor any of the others living down here, know where they'll go. None of them like living in shelters."I just think people need to open their hearts and close their eyes, because we're no different than them," Brown says. "We're trying to make a living like they are, we're just doing it in a different way. And if they can't see us, then they can't judge us."Maybe they should try and put their feet in our shoes. See how well they would do."
Share
A developer is reaching out to Kirkwood residents before asking the city of Atlanta to rezone property to allow construction of multifamily housing.
Euramex Management purchased 3.3 acres behind Kirkwood Station in November and wants to buy adjacent properties at 1910 Bixby Street. The goal is to turn both into a single multifamily development in Kirkwood's business district.
Euramex would need the city of Atlanta to rezone the property on Bixby for multifamily, even though it currently has apartments. Those apartments were built before the current zoning code went into effect.
According to concept drawings the company has provided to residents, there would be 290 units total. The average size would be 875 square feet.
To download the concept drawings, click this link: 2014-06-13 Howard Bixby Density Study
Kirkwood Neighbors' Organization member Earl Williamson said he has seen the concept drawings, but hasn't studied them at length.
“I personally think it's too dense, but I don't live adjacent to it or anywhere near the facility,” Williamson said.
Williamson suggests the developer create Planned Development Housing, like Kirkwood's Hawthorn Park.
“A lot of the units are less than 1,000 square feet,” Williamson said. “I'm not sure what kind of mix they're marketing to for potential tenants. For that small a unit, you're not going to be getting much in the way of families and kids.”
Stan Sugarman, a developer who also handles zoning issues for KNO, said any potential rezoning application is still several months away.
“Kirkwood is very excited that the developer has approached us about a redevelopment and we're looking forward to working with the developer to create a plan that satisfies everyone's needs,” Sugarman said.
At some point this week, I am going to write a post about finding the "silver lining" in the San Diego Chargers loss to the Atlanta Falcons. I have no idea what I'm going to write about, because the Chargers literally did nothing right. Not one thing.
To win this game, the Chargers coaches and players needed to construct a gameplan for stopping Matt Ryan and had to keep from turning the ball over on offense. Instead, they allowed Ryan to complete 75% of his throws for 275 yards and 3 TDs and the Chargers turned the ball over 4 times on offense.
On defense, San Diego got almost no pass rush on Ryan whatsoever. The cornerbacks couldn't stay with the WRs and nobody could cover TE Tony Gonzalez. While they stopped Michael Turner in the first half, they were beaten into submission by Turner in the second half. He finished with a rushing TD and 5.7 yards per rush attempt.
On offense, the Chargers offensive line struggled to protect Philip Rivers, which kept the team from getting into any sort of rhythm. Although he was sacked just once, he didn't seem to have many (if any) plays where he could stay in the pocket and look downfield. Like the rest of us, El Capitan ended up getting rather frustrated....
Ryan Mathews and Jackie Battle were able to get some yards when they ran the ball (99 combined rush yds on 13 combined carries), but Mathews lost the faith of the fans that were waiting for his heroic return when he fumbled on the Falcons' 3-yard line early in the game. Leaving Jackie Battle as the only Chargers position player who didn't earn the ire of the San Diego fans with a bad game today.
Oh, yeah, and the Atlanta Falcons are a really good football team. They might be the best team in the NFL. Their weakness at stopping the run doesn't matter because their offense can't b stopped and their pass rush can prevent any comeback against them. If they play this way every week, I don't know a team that can beat them.
I will leave you with this bit of good news: The Chiefs may have won (in overtime, against a terrible Saints team), but both the Raiders and Broncos have to make sizeable comebacks if they're going to win today. This means that the Chargers' first-place seeding in the AFC West should stay the same for another week.
Use the comments below to discuss the Chargers game, the Raiders/Broncos game, and tonight's Patriots/Ravens game.
One of the strangest questions in politics is whether disaffected Bernie backers might wind up on the Trump train.
It scrambles all the usual Beltway assumptions on left-right politics. After all, how could diehard supporters of Bernie Sanders—who's so far left that he's unhappy with eight years of Obama liberalism—move to a Republican who wants to build a wall on the Mexican border and temporarily bar Muslim immigrants?
Part of the answer is that the electorate has changed. And part is that voters don't operate the way pundits do, with an issue-by-issue checklist that requires ideological consistency.
Trump rails against a rigged system. Sanders rails against a rigged system. Trump even says the Democratic Party is screwing Bernie and, in a bit of mischief-making, urges him to run as an independent.
They both tee off on unfair trade deals and play to middle-class economic anxieties. That populist approach touches a nerve far more than a bunch of carefully worded position papers.
“A lot of those people would come with me,” Trump said of Sanders supporters yesterday on “Fox & Friends.” “I'm no fan of Bernie Sanders, but he's right about one thing: trade agreements.”
Many Americans go with their gut. Trump comes from outside the political system. Sanders is a veteran senator but until last year wasn't even a Democrat. They are both leading movements. No wonder there's some overlap.
In the end, I think most of those feeling the Bern will fall into line and back Hillary Clinton. But the fact that Trump has a shot at a good chunk of them—which could help put a few Democratic-leaning states in play—is a sign of the scrambled politics of 2016.
It's also a sign of a changing electorate. Trump was arguably the least conservative Republican in that field of 17. Sanders would have been the most liberal Democratic nominee since LBJ.
National Review Editor Rich Lowry picks up that point:
“Sanders's and Trump's styles and affects are very different — the rumpled, oddball lecturer in Socialism 101 vs. the boastful, power-tie-wearing business mogul — but they have worked in tandem to ensure that the center of gravity in this fall's presidential election will be further to the left than it has been in decades.”
Lowry argues that “Sanders and Trump have executed a squeeze play on the Madam Secretary. Sanders pushed her to the left on trade and Social Security in the primary, when she disavowed the Trans-Pacific Partnership that she helped negotiate and embraced increasing Social Security benefits. She probably won't be snapping back to the center on those issues in a general election because it would open her up to Sanders-like attacks from Donald Trump. Such is the shift in the tectonic plates of our politics that the presumptive Republican nominee for president, endorsed by voices on the right ranging from Sean Hannity to Mitch McConnell, is making a far-fetched but not entirely irrational pitch for the support of fans of a Vermont socialist.”
Let's take this a step further. If both parties are edging left, it doesn't come as some kind of backlash to a right-wing administration.
Charles Krauthammer declares that “after nearly two terms of Barack Obama's corrosively unsuccessful liberalism — both parties have decisively moved left. Hillary Clinton cannot put away a heretofore marginal, self-declared socialist. He has forced her into leftward genuflections on everything from trade to national health care. At the same time, Bernie Sanders has created a remarkably resilient insurgency calling for — after Obama, mind you — a political revolution of the Left…
“The Republicans' ideological about-face is even more pronounced. They've chosen as their leader a nationalist populist who hardly bothers to pretend any allegiance to conservatism. Indeed, Donald Trump is, like Sanders, running to the left of Clinton on a host of major issues including trade, Wall Street, NATO, and interventionism.”
This was deemed heresy by true-blue conservatives during the primaries, but I kept reminding folks it would make Trump a stronger general-election candidate if he got that far.
And there is growing nervousness on the left that Hillary could lose to The Donald:
“Clinton has no chance of winning a majority of working-class white voters,” Salon says. “They have voted heavily Republican for years, especially working-class men. In the 2014 midterm elections, for example, working-class whites voted for Republicans by a 30-point margin. But Clinton needs to win some of them. In 2012 Barack Obama won the support of about 35 percent of working-class whites, which was enough to help him win reelection…
“If she lets Trump position himself as the tribune of the working class, she'll only dig a deeper hole for herself with blue-collar voters.”
It's no secret that an evolving electorate is driving some of this political upheaval. The growing proportion of minority voters means a Republican has to win more white voters to offset losses in that community. A new generation of younger voters takes for granted such matters as same-sex marriage, which used to be a Republican wedge issue.
And voters who came of age during the Iraq war may share a wariness of military intervention, reflected in Trump's frequent criticism of George W. Bush's invasion.
Perhaps Trump, who doesn't emphasize social issues, and Sanders, who doesn't emphasize foreign policy, both sensed this new reality. And maybe the idea that they share a certain appeal isn't so crazy after all.
Hard-working Americans may no longer need to buy a plane ticket to sin city to lose their kids' college savings: Online gambling is now legal in Nevada, and may soon be available nationwide. Nevada unanimously passed an emergency measure to legalize gambling in the state and open up opportunities to enter legal compacts with states for their own residents.
“Today I sign into law the framework that will usher in the next frontier of gaming in Nevada,” said Governor Sandoval after he signed bill AB114.
Nationwide online gambling was previously banned by the Federal Wire Act until a court of appeals declared that the restriction only applies to sports betting. So, aside from excluding the handful of citizens that would have gone big on Seabiscuit, the new law permits Nevada to develop partnerships with other cash-strapped states looking to cash in on online gaming.
The law was rushed through under emergency procedures to beat New Jersey to the punch, which has also been eyeing a similar law. “As to our competitor, New Jersey, they should be accustomed to following Nevada,” joked Sandoval.
Get ready for a heated national debate over online gambling and a chaotic gold rush of business looking to exploit what is sure to be a very lucrative new market.
HTC is one of the staples of the Android smartphone community. The company has been part of the operating system since the very early days and ever since then their smartphones have been fan favorites. Most notably, the iconic HTC One M range. Although this year saw HTC step away from the HTC One M branding with the company opting for a more simple HTC 10 flagship. One which comes boasting a great spec list along with a premium design and build quality. Making the HTC 10 one of the best devices of 2016 so far. If you have yet to pick up and try the HTC 10, then do not worry as we are offering one lucky winner the opportunity to win a free HTC 10.
The HTC 10 comes packing a 5.2-inch QHD display. Inside, this is a smartphone which comes loaded with 4GB RAM and is powered by the 64-bit Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 quad-core processor. In terms of storage, the HTC 10 is available in both a 32GB and 64GB storage model and both come with the option to expand thanks to the inclusion of a microSD card slot. While in terms of cameras, the HTC 10 packs a 12-megapixel rear camera, as well as a 5-megapixel front-facing camera. Additional features include a Quick Charge 3.0 supported 3,000 mAh battery, USB Type-C connectivity, a fingerprint sensor and Android 6.0 (Marshmallow).
To be in with a chance of winning a HTC 10, all you need to do is take part in the competition widget below. By selecting and completing one of the actions you will be automatically entered into the draw. The good news is that you can complete as many actions as you like. Each action offers a unique number of entries and each entry has the potential to be the winning one. The contest is an international contest and therefore is open to everyone. The contest will close promptly at 11:59 pm on August 17th, 2016. Enter now for the chance to win the HTC 10 courtesy of Android Headlines.
HTC 10 Giveaway
Rules and Disclaimers
Interactive Mic Placement
Rotary allows for near-effortless placement and fine-tuning of microphone position via simple click-drag and macro controls. Asymmetry, automation, stereo field tweaks and easy A/B auditioning are all possible, allowing you to easily dial in the tone you're after without the hassle and space requirements of a physical speaker and mics.
Independent Horn and Drum Controls
Independent and deep control over the horn and drum sections of the rotary cabinet provide an incredible sonic palette. Easily set their level on the front panel or jump over to the back panel to reconfigure Rotary's inner-mechanism for subtle to extreme results.
Mix and Sculpt Your Sound
Easily mix and shape your sound with discrete filters for the horn and drum. Adjust horn radius, cabinet size and reflections until it blends in or stands out of your mix just the way you want. Change the horns directivity for an in-your-face rock sound or leave the default engaged for lush chorusing.
Acceleration and Deceleration
Adjust the acceleration and deceleration times of the horn and drum independently, a challenging feat on the real speakers, allowing the creation of hybrid modes capable of producing far-out Doppler shifts that would otherwise be unimaginable.
The Rutaceae are a family, commonly known as the rue[3] or citrus family,[4] of flowering plants, usually placed in the order Sapindales.
Species of the family generally have flowers that divide into four or five parts, usually with strong scents. They range in form and size from herbs to shrubs and large[5] trees.
The most economically important genus in the family is Citrus, which includes the orange (C. × sinensis), lemon (C. × limon), grapefruit (C. × paradisi), and lime (various, mostly C. aurantifolia, the key lime). Boronia is a large Australian genus, some members of which are plants with highly fragrant flowers and are used in commercial oil production. Other large genera include Zanthoxylum, Melicope, and Agathosma. About 160 genera are in the family Rutaceae.
Characteristics [ edit ]
Most species are trees or shrubs, a few are herbs (Boenninghausenia and Dictamnus), frequently aromatic with glands on the leaves, sometimes with thorns. The leaves are usually opposed and compound, and without stipules. Pellucid glands, a type of oil gland, are found in the leaves responsible for the aromatic smell of the family's members; traditionally they have been the primary synapomorphic characteristic to identify the Rutaceae.
Flowers are bractless, solitary or in cyme, rarely in raceme, and mainly pollinated by insects. They are radially or (rarely) laterally symmetric, and generally hermaphroditic. They have four or five petals and sepals, sometimes three, mostly separate, eight to ten stamens (five in Skimmia, many in Citrus), usually separate or in several groups. Usually a single stigma with 2 to 5 united carpels, sometimes ovaries separate but styles combined.
The fruit of the Rutaceae are very variable: berries, drupes, hesperidia, samaras, capsules, and follicles all occur. Seed number also varies widely.
Classification [ edit ]
The family is closely related to the Sapindaceae, Simaroubaceae, and Meliaceae, and all are usually placed into the same order, although some systems separate that order into Rutales and Sapindales. The families Flindersiaceae and Ptaeroxylaceae are sometimes kept separate, but nowadays generally are placed in the Rutaceae, as are the former Cneoraceae. The subfamilial organization has not been fully resolved, but the subfamily Aurantioideae (=Citroideae) is well supported; the placement of several genera remains unclear.
Notable species [ edit ]
Citrus fruits Variousfruits
The family is of great economic importance in warm temperate and subtropical climates for its numerous edible fruits of the genus Citrus, such as the orange, lemon, calamansi, lime, kumquat, mandarin and grapefruit.
Non-citrus fruits include the White sapote (Casimiroa edulis), Orangeberry (Glycosmis pentaphylla), Clymenia (Clymenia polyandra), Limeberry (Triphasia trifolia), and the Bael (Aegle marmelos).
Other plants are grown in horticulture: Murraya and Skimmia species, for example. Ruta, Zanthoxylum and Casimiroa species are medicinals. Several plants are also used by the perfume industry, such as the Western Australian Boronia megastigma.
The genus Pilocarpus has species (P. jaborandi, and P. microphyllus from Brazil, and P. pennatifolius from Paraguay) from which the medicine pilocarpine, used to treat glaucoma, is extracted.
Spices are made from a number of species in the genus Zanthoxylum, notably Sichuan pepper.
References [ edit ]
WASHINGTON -- A Florida prosecutor and an internal FBI investigation have cleared an unnamed FBI agent in the shooting of a 27-year-old man connected to the brothers accused of the Boston Marathon bombing, a law enforcement official confirmed to The Huffington Post. A separate inquiry by the Justice Department's Civil Rights Division is expected to follow suit, the official said.
Ibragim Todashev was killed in his apartment when he allegedly got into a tussle with the agent while being questioned. The agent was probing Todashev's suspected involvement in a triple murder in 2011 that might have been connected to him and Boston Marathon bombing suspect Tamerlan Tsarnaev. Tsarnaev was killed in the events following the bombing, and his younger brother Dzhokhar is currently facing federal charges.
The unnamed FBI agent was injured during the dispute. Additional information on the investigations of the incident are expected next week, though it isn't clear exactly how many details would be provided. CNN first reported on the findings of the Justice Department's civil rights probe, while The Washington Post reported on the Florida prosecutor's investigation.
FBI Director James Comey said earlier this year he was eager for the FBI's report to be released. As The New York Times reported last year, every single internal FBI investigation of 150 shootings from 2003 to 2011 deemed each was justified.
A jury has acquitted a Minnesota police officer in the shooting death of a black man outside St. Paul last year, putting to end a tragic saga that began with a routine traffic stop.
St. Anthony police officer Jeronimo Yanez was charged in the July 2016 shooting of school cafeteria worker Philando Castile, igniting protests and a call to action by civil rights activists nationwide against the deadly use of force by police.
 Philando Castile  Courtesy Of Castile Family
After five days and more than 25 hours of deliberation, a jury decided that the state did not meet its burden for a conviction. Yanez would have faced up to 10 years under Minnesota law if he had been convicted.
Yanez had been charged with manslaughter and reckless discharge of a firearm for fatally shooting Castile, 32, in his car while Castile's girlfriend and her 4-year-old daughter were sitting in the vehicle just outside St. Paul, Minnesota.
The jury that determined Yanez's fate consisted of seven men and five women. Two jurors were black and the rest were white.
Castile's family held each other and wept in disappointment as they left the courtroom.
"The system continues to fail black people," said Castile's mother, Valerie, following the verdict. "My son loved this city and this city killed my son and let the murderer get away," she said with high emotion.
The City of St. Anthony put out a statement saying Yanez would not be returning "to active duty" and that "it would be best served" if Yanez was no longer an officer in the city. The city said it was negotiating a voluntary separation agreement that would help Yanez transition into another career.
Castile and Yanez came face-to-face during a traffic stop last July that quickly escalated into a deadly encounter live-streamed on Facebook by Castile's girlfriend, Diamond Reynolds.
In the disturbing video, In the disturbing video, Reynolds says Castile was shot several times while reaching for his ID after telling Yanez he had a gun permit and was armed.
Yanez can be heard saying: "I told him not to reach for it."
 Yanez stands outside the Ramsey County Courthouse on Tuesday, May 30, 2017, in St. Paul, Minn.  David Joles / AP file
Reynolds can be heard responding, "You told him to get his ID, sir, his driver's license."
"He's licensed to carry," she calmly tells the camera as Castile sits beside her bleeding. "He was trying to get out his ID and his wallet out of his pocket, and he let the officer know that he was — he had a firearm and he was reaching for his wallet."
Reynolds testified during the trial that she recorded the encounter out of fear for her own life.
"Because I know that the people are not protected by police,” Reynolds said, "Because I know that the people are not protected by police,” Reynolds said, according to NBC-affiliate KARE 11. "I wanted to make sure if I was to die in front of my daughter, someone would know the truth.”
Yanez, who pulled Castile over because he looked like a possible armed robbery suspect, testified that “he had no choice” when he pulled his gun.
Yanez was with the St. Anthony Police Department for Yanez was with the St. Anthony Police Department for nearly five years when he pulled over Castile's car.
The officer told jurors that Castile did not have “regard for his commands," and he felt the motorist would shoot him.
 Diamond Reynolds, speaks to a crowd outside the Governor's Mansion on July 7, 2016 in St. Paul, Minnesota.  Stephen Maturen / Getty Images
"I was scared to death. I thought I was going to die. My family popped into my head. My wife. My baby girl,” he said, according to "I was scared to death. I thought I was going to die. My family popped into my head. My wife. My baby girl,” he said, according to NBC-affiliate KARE 11
Much of the argument during the trial hinged on whether Yanez had a reasonable belief and fear that Castile was going to pull a gun.
The shooting ignited protests in Minnesota. It occurred just days after the shooting death The shooting ignited protests in Minnesota. It occurred just days after the shooting death of Alton Sterling in Baton Rouge , Louisiana, and came amid a heated national debate over policing and wrongful use of force.
During closing arguments, the prosecution said Yanez used deadly force "as a first option rather than a last resort," according to During closing arguments, the prosecution said Yanez used deadly force "as a first option rather than a last resort," according to NBC-affiliate KARE 11
"He had no reason to do that. He had every reason not to do that. It doesn't make sense," said prosecutor Jeffrey Paulsen.
But defense attorneys painted a different picture.
Lawyers for Yanez told jurors that they could “reasonably infer” that Castile was “stoned,” which led him to be non-compliant with the officer.
"How can you 20/20 this now and say Officer Yanez was wrong?" said defense attorney Earl Grey. "He wasn't following orders. He was stoned," he said.
The Castile family's attorney expressed disappointment in the result and gave a strong warning to others. "If Philando can die under these circumstances. Let's be clear, each of you could," said attorney Glenda Hatchett.
Meanwhile, Yanez's attorney said the officer was "relieved" to hear the verdict and that the trial was "fair all the way around."
"The verdict was correct and we're happy jury found our way," he said.
CARACAS, Venezuela — The abrupt arrest of the mayor of Caracas on accusations that he had plotted an American-backed overthrow of the government threatened to plunge Venezuela into new political convulsions on Friday, as his supporters rallied in the capital and pockets of protest erupted elsewhere.
The arrest of the mayor, Antonio Ledezma, on Thursday evening by intelligence agents who fired weapons in the air, was viewed by the opposition as the kidnapping of a political rival to President Nicolás Maduro.
Mr. Ledezma's backers called it another assault on democracy in Venezuela, the oil-endowed nation that has been reeling from a severe economic decline under the watch of an increasingly unpopular president.
Many opposition figures said Mr. Maduro, desperate to divert attention from Venezuela's internal ills and his own disapproval ratings, concocted Mr. Ledezma's arrest.
Screen caps via YouTube.
We have a sleeper hit in the running for action blockbuster of the summer. It's all found footage, raw pathos, and 100 percent Canadian content—with a sweeping soundtrack to boot. I'll be surprised if it doesn't clean up at TIFF this year.
(DEFINITELY PLAY THIS VIDEO WITH SOUND)
It all starts with an ordinary man at his ordinary job. He's running down the clock working the graveyard shift at a Calgary corner store, just trying to make ends meet in this bum/roaring economy like the rest of us. But when two masked jabronis show up with a pickaxe looking to steal cigarettes and scratch tickets, this ordinary clerk transforms into an extraordinary hero.
Handling an armed robbery is way out of his pay grade but he has been busting his balls trying to make an honest living while these Harry and Marv wannabes are trying to rip him off. He is not going to take it anymore. Not today, Satan.
The crook with the pickaxe tries to back the clerk into a corner while his partner starts stealing smokes, but our hero's reflexes are lightning quick. He wrestles the pickaxe out of his captor's hands and uses it to pin him down and rip the robber's mask off. The second thief stops looting and pulls out what looks like a pistol before she (thankfully) loses the nerve to use it. She then tries to mace him but the bottle isn't working. She finally produces a tire iron from the duffel bag and starts wailing on the clerk while her partner is still struggling to get out from behind the pickaxe.
But the righteous fury of the working man has made our hero unstoppable. With his free hand he grabs the tire iron and manages to wrestle the second thief to a standstill, until she rolls up onto the counter and starts kicking the clerk in the head. Undeterred, he manages to push her to the floor and get the tire iron out of her hands as he steps over her to make his way to the exit. He's still in a tug of war with the first guy over the pickaxe when the second thief picks up a big glass bong and threatens to bean him him with.
Our hero realizes there is no way he can win a two-way fight, so he lets go of the axe and makes a run for it out the front door. He locks the door from the outside and starts stacking a bench and a shelf full of window-washer and antifreeze bottles directly in front of it.
While he's out there, the two thieves get their bearings and just start ransacking the place. They are stealing smokes and lighters and energy shots and scratch-tickets and bongs, unaware the whole time that they have been trapped inside the store—until they go to leave and can't push open the door.
Some civilian passer-by has stopped to help our hero keep the bench pressed up against the door as the two thieves keep trying to force it open. When it doesn't budge again, they throw a bong through the glass and break the rest with the pickaxe. Things are poised for a dramatic climax.
Knowing that this is his last stand before thieves overrun his precious corner store, our hero and his friend pick start picking up bottles of fluid, ready to pelt them at the crooks. There is a tense moment while both parties prepare for the final assault. In a final show of force, the guy with the pickaxe swings it into a display case of Zippos and pulls them down all over the floor. This is it.
The music shifts dramatically as everyone starts throwing shit at each other. The guy with the pickaxe gets clocked repeatedly with jugs of antifreeze while his partner is darting back and forth clearing the broken glass out of the door panes. The clerk and his sidekick are just lobbing everything they've got back into the store. The two thieves finally start squeezing out the broken door as the clerk his whaling on them with another jug of antifreeze, and then he chases them off camera.
We jump forward past ten minutes of tape, and the cops are parked out front. For full effect, the scene lingers over the storefront wreckage, broken glass glimmering in this flashing police lights under the heavy crash of an electric piano. We learn in the CBC epilogue that the pickaxe guy—Arthur Gordon Bennie, 35—was arrested at the scene, held down by the clerk and his Good Samaritan sidekick. His partner in crime, Natalie Cory-Lyn Elaschuk, was arrested shortly after.
The film is a true tour de force. Anyone ever forced to spend years wiling away the late-night hours working minimum wage will recognize it instantly as a new classic of proletkult cinema and see their own struggle for dignity against the assholes of the world vindicated.
Follow Drew Brown on Twitter.
Here at Kotaku, we like Fire Emblem: Awakening. But a while back, we had to ask: Why on earth doesn't anyone in this game have any feet? Everything else about the characters' design is perfectly normal. But they don't have any feet.
Fire Emblem: Awakening: The Kotaku Review There are games that I like. And then there are games that I like that I become obsessed with. Fire … Read more Read
In a new developer interview posted by Nintendo, the localizers at 8-4 (who were responsible for translating the game's English script) asked Awakening's developers about the feet. They asked about some other stuff, too, but really, the most important question was about the feet.
Here's what Intelligent Systems art director Toshiyuki Kusakihara and Nintendo game director Genki Yokota had to say:
8-4: Speaking of doing something different, we have to ask a question a lot of the fans are wondering — what happened with the feet? (laughs) Kusakihara: (Laughs) Well, they're there...they're just...omitted a little bit. The idea was to add a unique sort of deformation to the characters. As for why it ended up like this... At the start of the project, we weren't entirely sure how many bones and joints we'd be able to use in each character model. As it is now, there's a joint at the knees, and then there's nothing below that for the ankles and the feet. This makes it a bit easier to apply animation to models as well. We found out afterward that, with the 3DS, we had more than enough CPU strength available to flesh out the models a bit, add real ankles and so on. We were like "Well, if there's a next time, maybe there'll be more ankles..." (laughs) We thought we could make it something that would work well with the characters, but now I'm not so sure. (laughs) So it's hard to give a real reason for it, but...well, I think it's kind of cute, though! (laughs) Isn't it? They look like they're wearing high heels. Aren't high heels the big fashion these days? 8-4: Did you get any feedback about this from Japanese players as well? Kusakihara: Yeah, some people focused on the feet a lot. (laughs) I think if this was a game that involved people kicking and such, we would have put in real ankles. Instead, you're using handheld weapons for the most part, so we figured we could sort of omit some of the detail down there... Yokota: We did get feedback about that in the playtesting sessions, but by that point it was like "Well, we can't do much about that now." (laughs) Kusakihara: A lot of people seemed really preoccupied with the feet... Ah, well. (laughs)
Advertisement
So, there you have it. They wanted to add a "unique deformation" to the characters… and in the next Fire Emblem game, we can probably expect ankles. Phew.
LANSING, MI - A plan to provide roughly $21 million for emergency dredging projects at Michigan harbors and marinas is nearing final approval in the state Legislature. The funding plan is expected to help at least
in the state from Bay City to South Haven to Ludington to the Upper Peninsula. Harbors and marinas are struggling because of low Great Lakes water levels, and supporters say dredging is needed to keep tourism and commercial traffic on track.
was approved in the House on Wednesday by a 107-3 vote. The bill returns to the Senate for a final concurrence vote, after which it would be headed to Gov. Rick Snyder for his signature. The bill would allocate money for emergency dredging projects for public boating access sites, according to an analysis from the Senate Fiscal Agency. About $11.5 million comes from the state's general fund, and $9.5 million would be diverted from the state's waterways fund. The bill also includes funding for Natural Resources Trust Fund projects. The emergency dredging plan comes from the Michigan State Waterways Commission. The state surveyed 83 public recreational boating harbors in December and January to come up with the targeted dredging list. The plan allows for grants for harbors, marinas and boat launches. The dredging program would involve the removal of accumulated sediments at the bottom of waterways to maintain adequate depth for shipping and boating. There are
aimed at funding dredging projects that could soon be taken up by lawmakers.
Email Tim Martin at tmartin4@mlive.com. Follow him on Twitter: @TimMartinMI
Just weeks ago, Facebook announced the launch of their video platform Watch. Since then, reports have surfaced that the social media giant is prepared to invest up to $1 billion on original content over the next year.
The large investment will far outpace any of Facebook's previous video ventures, including the $50 million it shelled out in Facebook Live contracts last year. It will also put Facebook on par with Apple, which also recently committed to investing $1 billion in original series' over the next year. In comparison, Netflix will spend $7 billion on originals in 2018, and Amazon will spend $4.5 billion by the end of this year.
The Wall Street Journal first reported the $1 billion plan, citing anonymous sources, but also gave the caveat that Facebook's budget may fluctuate depending on how well their original shows perform.
Mark Zuckerberg has never been shy about his commitment to video, either. “We see a world that is video first, with video at the heart of all of our apps and services,” he said, in a statement last year. “I've said before that I see video as a mega trend on the same order as mobile.”
Facebook is also hoping to secure deals with major sports distributors, and with record labels as well. The WSJ reports that Facebook is hoping to “secure rights to music playing in the background of videos users upload,” and is prepared to pay hundreds of millions of dollars for those rights.
WASHINGTON, April 10 (UPI) -- The U.S. Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency says it is offering a $2 million prize for the design of an advanced rescue robot.
Various challenges requiring robots to navigate a series of physical tasks like those anticipated in real-world disasters will confront teams in the competition, TG Daily reported Tuesday.
Robots played an important role in dealing with last year's Fukushima nuclear power plant disaster in Japan, and U.S. military forces use robots to help defuse improvised explosive devices, DARPA program manager Gill Pratt said.
"True innovation in robotics technology could result in much more effective robots that could better intervene in high-risk situations and thus save human lives and help contain the impact of natural and man-made disasters," he said.
"This challenge is going to test supervised autonomy in perception and decision-making, mounted and dismounted mobility, dexterity, strength and endurance in an environment designed for human use but degraded due to a disaster."
Robots in the competition, set to begin in October, will be required to demonstrate the ability to use available human tools, ranging from hand tools to vehicles.
"Robots undoubtedly capture the imagination, but that alone does not justify an investment in robotics," DARPA Acting Director Kaigham J. Gabriel said. "For robots to be useful [to the Department of Defense] they need to offer gains in either physical protection or productivity.
"The most successful and useful robots would do both via natural interaction with humans in shared environments."
NEW YORK (Fortune) -- Are cash-strapped American consumers on for another date with energy price misery?
The U.S. economy remains weak and one in six Americans can't find enough work. Yet oil prices have risen steadily this year. A barrel of crude costs $79 and change, more than double its price at the end of 2008.
This year's runup pales in comparison to the one that peaked last summer above $145 a barrel. Even so, some researchers warn we could once again be approaching the point at which rising energy costs will squeeze consumers.
That could complicate recovery in an economy that, despite the tumult of the past two years, remains as consumer-driven as ever.
"If you had to ask me what is the safe driving speed, I'd say $80 a barrel," said Steven Kopits, managing director at energy market forecaster Douglas-Westwood in New York. "We have bigger problems right now, but we shouldn't forget we're still vulnerable to rising oil prices."
After last July's march to triple-digit crude, the recent increases look fairly tame.
The price of a gallon of gas is $2.63 a gallon, according to the latest AAA survey. That's well below the 2008 peak of $4.11 -- but up 25% from a year ago and 63% above last December's low.
What's more, the factors behind this spike seem apt to persist for some time. They include a pickup in global economic activity fueled by massive government spending, a decline in the purchasing power of the dollar as the U.S. holds interest rates near zero, and lack of new oil supplies coming online to meet future demand.
While those trends hardly ensure rising fuel prices, they seem to have been doing their part so far, putting gasoline within striking distance of $3 a gallon.
That's a price that could strain consumers whose spending accounts for two-thirds of economic activity.
"Any time it gets above $3, it's worth watching," said James D. Hamilton, an economics professor at the University of California at San Diego. "When you get to that level, you start to see a change in behavior as budgets get squeezed."
Hamilton said the $3-a-gallon price is noteworthy because it's around the level at which consumers are devoting 6% of their budgets to energy costs. Hitting that point in recent years seems to have prompted Americans to pull back.
Hamilton notes that Americans largely shook off the sharp runup in energy prices earlier this decade, as energy spending remained in the 5% range and homeowners were able to tap home equity lines of credit.
But that window closed when house prices stopped rising and loss-soaked banks started cutting credit.
And though it's futile to single out any one trigger for the recession that started at the end of 2007, the downturn didn't start in earnest until consumers' energy budgets breached the 6% mark in November that year.
As energy prices soared and incomes came under pressure, Americans first stopped buying pickup trucks and then deserted the local car dealer altogether. Car sales plunged in the spring of 2008 before falling off a cliff with the collapse of Lehman Brothers that September.
"The price of oil played a bigger factor in the recession than people seem to be remembering," Hamilton said.
None of this is to say a further rise in energy prices would necessarily send the economy into a tailspin. While consumers are still strapped, behavior changes should make the economy less vulnerable.
U.S. oil consumption has slid 9% since 2007, Kopits notes. Americans also drove 3% fewer miles in the latest year through August than they did two years earlier, according to data from the Transportation Department.
Hamilton points out that car sales reverted to depressed levels after the government's Cash for Clunkers promotion ended in August.
Hillard G. Huntington, executive director at the Energy Modeling Forum at Stanford University, said that while oil markets remain exposed to a possible supply disruption, he believes the memory of last year's record prices is fresh enough that another oil shock is unlikely.
"I can see a situation down the road where maybe we should worry, but I don't think we're there yet," said Huntington. "You see the most serious effects when the economy is already experiencing inflation."
But Kopits warns that every recession since 1972 has been associated with an oil price surge that took U.S. oil consumption past 4% of gross domestic product. Today, he said, the magic number to get there is $80.
"The historical record says that when prices went up, the U.S. went into recession fast," he said.
Hazlewood injured as Tigers' lead grows
Josh Hazlewood has been ruled out of Australia's Qantas Tour of Bangladesh after it was confirmed the fast bowler suffered a left side injury during the first Test in Dhaka.
Hazlewood will be able to bat if required in Australia's second innings and will fly back to Australia following the conclusion of the Test.
Cricket Australia will name a replacement in the Test squad tomorrow.
QUICK SINGLE Day three report, highlights
The right-armer has also been ruled out of next month's five-game ODI series in India.
Day three wrap: Warner has Aussies well placed
Having sent down 15 overs on day one and two more on Monday, Hazlewood was seven balls into his first spell on day three of the first Test when he was forced from the field with a sore left side.
The New South Welshman clutched at the region, before motioning to captain Steve Smith that he would need to leave the field and have the issue assessed.
Hazlewood didn't bowl for the remainder of the innings as Australia bowled Bangladesh out for 221.
Hazlewood takes his hat and Ashton Agar completed the over // Getty
It means that less than three months out from the first ball of the Magellan Ashes, three of Australia's centrepiece quartet of fast bowlers are injured, with paceman Pat Cummins – somewhat ironically, given his history of ailments – the only fit member of the 'Big Four'.
Hazlewood joins Mitchell Starc and James Pattinson on the sidelines, and while there are no signs the trio aren't on track to make recoveries ahead of the summer, their injury status will no doubt be subject to forensic examination in the lead-in to the Ashes.
Starc suffered a broken bone in his foot on Australia's tour of India in March, while Pattinson was withdrawn from the Bangladesh tour as a precaution after scans showed an inflammation in his back around the area he has previously suffered a stress fracture.
Back-up quick Jackson Bird would appear the most likely replacement for Hazlewood for the second Test in Chittagong, though he was overlooked in similar circumstances on Australia's tour of India earlier this year.
On that occasion, Cummins came straight off the plane to replace the injured Starc for the third and fourth Tests.
What may count in Bird's favour this time however is the fact he'll likely be viewed as a like-for-like replacement for Hazlewood; both are tall right-armers who rely on relentless accuracy and a touch of movement rather than out-and-out pace.
It would be unusual for Australia to not call up an extra fast bowler to join the squad for the second Test, with Jason Behrendorff, Chris Tremain and Chadd Sayers seemingly at the front of the queue.
That trio, along with Bird, were the seam options selected for the abandoned Australia A tour of South Africa earlier this year.
Western Australia quick Nathan Coulter-Nile, who was picked for the Test tour of Sri Lanka last year, could be in the mix, while towering quick Billy Stanlake was awarded his first national contract earlier this year.
More to come
Australia in Bangladesh 2017
Australia squad: Steve Smith (c), David Warner (vc), Ashton Agar, Jackson Bird, Hilton Cartwright, Pat Cummins, Peter Handscomb, Josh Hazlewood, Usman Khawaja, Nathan Lyon, Glenn Maxwell, Matthew Renshaw, Mitchell Swepson, Matthew Wade.
Bangladesh squad: Mushfiqur Rahim (c), Tamim Iqbal, Soumya Sarkar, Taijul Islam, Imrul Kayes, Shakib Al Hasan, Mehedi Hasan Miraz, Sabbir Rahman, Nasir Hossain, Liton Das, Mosaddek Hossain, Taskin Ahmed, Shafiul Islam, Mustafizur Rahman.
27-31 August First Test, Dhaka
4-8 September Second Test, Chittagong
On Sunday night, the Democratic candidates for president were in Flint, Michigan for the latest debate. At the CNN-sponsored event, Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders addressed race, economic inequality, gun violence, other domestic issues, and of course, the Flint water crisis.
It was the type of debate one would be hard-pressed to find among the Republican field, with a breadth of questioning and hard issues that reflected the gravity of the crisis facing Flint. According to Yoni Appelbaum at The Atlantic, the people of Flint won the debate. Flint residents whose families were poisoned by lead and affected by gun violence addressed the candidates and asked what they would do to solve these problems.
“But Sunday night's debate was also a powerful reminder of the purposes of politics. It was held in a city already devastated by the loss of jobs, and now victim to catastrophic failures of governance at every level,” Appelbaum wrote. “As local residents stepped up to ask their own questions of the candidates, they spelled out the stakes of this election in deeply personal terms, grounding the debates over abstract principles in the questions with which their communities are struggling.”
Both Sanders and Clinton said that Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder should resign. But Snyder — faulted for his callousness and lack of leadership in allowing Flint residents to suffer from lead poisoning — had time to Tweet during the debate, even if he had no time to help poor Black children. As the Washington Post reported, while the Democratic candidates condemned the state government for its failure and incompetence, Snyder defended himself on social media — deflecting blame, touting his supposed successes, and even pointing to the Detroit comeback as a success story.
In a few days, political candidates will be leaving #Flint and Michigan. I am committed to the people of Flint. https://t.co/lejBrxwhIi — Governor Rick Snyder (@onetoughnerd) March 7, 2016
There are many questions about the #FlintWater crisis. Get the facts & learn how we're working to move #FlintFWD pic.twitter.com/jxVaFv4vne — Governor Rick Snyder (@onetoughnerd) March 7, 2016
This was never about money. This was a failure of government at all levels that could be described as a massive error of bureaucracy. — Governor Rick Snyder (@onetoughnerd) March 7, 2016
I've proposed more than $230 million in additional aid for Flint, and have already delivered $70 million #FlintFWD — Governor Rick Snyder (@onetoughnerd) March 7, 2016
Since taking office in Jan. 2011, there has been an increase of 440,000 new private sector jobs in #Michigan. — Governor Rick Snyder (@onetoughnerd) March 7, 2016
Detroit is stronger than it has been in decades. We came together to pass the bipartisan Grand Bargain & help Detroit's families — Governor Rick Snyder (@onetoughnerd) March 7, 2016
Meanwhile, as the people of Flint have suffered, the public school students of Detroit have suffered as well under the same neocolonial emergency manager system. Detroit was a topic of discussion in the debate, as the city's public schools are plagued with vermin, black mold, and crumbling, freezing and boiling-hot buildings. The Detroit Federation of Teachers filed a lawsuit forcing the emergency manager to resign and to return control of the schools to an elected school board, as People's World reported. There has been a dramatic downward shift for a city whose workers were once among the highest paid in the nation. Sanders blamed Detroit's woes on free trade and years of ignoring problems, as factories left the city and red-lining trapped Black workers. Clinton articulated a wide-ranging manufacturing plan, but did not say whether it would restore auto industry jobs.
As was reported in The Los Angeles Times, a man-made disaster unraveled in Flint, all within plain sight of water regulators. Two years ago, then-Mayor Dayne Walling and other officials toasted to glasses of water, in celebration of the decision by the state-appointed emergency manager to switch the city's water source. The decision to use the Flint River, rather than Detroit as Flint's water source, was a cost-cutting measure. Even General Motors had refused to use the Flint River because the high levels of chloride corroded their metal auto parts. Meanwhile, the federal Environmental Protection Agency asked the state Department of Environmental Quality if it had an anti-corrosion plan to stop the leaching of lead from the pipes into the drinking water. Resistant to the notion that Flint residents were suffering from lead poisoning, the state agency lied and said it was undertaking anti-corrosion measures. However, a turning point came when a task force appointed by Snyder blamed the DEQ for the lead poisoning, and having a “minimalist approach to regulatory and oversight responsibility” that was “unacceptable and simply insufficient to the task of public protection.”
Despite all of this, Flint's poisonous water is the most expensive in the nation according, to the Washington Post. An annual water bill of $864 for a Flint resident is more than twice the state average, far higher than the national average of $500, and ten times higher than Phoenix, which is in the desert and not surrounded by the Great Lakes, as is Michigan. Further, according to the Post, the water in Flint is far above the threshold of affordability established by the United Nations. Water and sewer bills in that economically depressed city account for 7 percent of household income, double the U.N. guideline.
Although Flint has received a great deal of attention for its lead poisoning crisis, as it should, other cities are similarly suffering. As The New York Times reported, Cleveland, Ohio, has experienced its own lead crisis, not due to the drinking water, but rather “because a decades-long attack on lead in household paint has faltered. It is a tragic reminder that one of the great public health crusades of the 20th century remains unfinished.”
The Times noted that while up to 7 percent of children in Flint have had elevated levels of lead in their blood, in Cleveland that number is 14.2 percent. Further, while an estimated 7.7 percent of Black children under 6 throughout the nation had blood lead levels above five micrograms per deciliter — which is considered elevated — in Cleveland's Glenville neighborhood, 26.5 percent of children — 286 children — exceeded that threshold in 2014. Moreover, two children registered at over 45 micrograms, a level requiring hospitalization to remove lead from the body.
While the nation declared a war on lead, a neurotoxin that compromises childhood development, that war has abated. Despite the efforts to eliminate lead in paint, gasoline and to someday eradicate childhood lead poisoning, the malady is a fact of life in cities throughout the country — particularly among poor neighborhoods that lack political clout.
There are around 37 million homes and apartments still containing lead paint, according to The Times, and 23 million with potentially hazardous lead levels in the soil, paint chips or household dust. Approximately 4 million children live in the most at-risk households. And in Atlantic City, Philadelphia and Allentown, Pa., a half-million child — or 23.1 percent — have lead levels so high that they require medical attention. And one study in Chicago attributed 15 percent of failing grades in reading and math to lead poisoning.
Sick Canadians have the right to grow their own medical marijuana, a Federal Court judge ruled Wednesday, striking down a ban on home growing that was introduced when Ottawa moved to a system of large-scale commercial producers.
The decision, released Wednesday, will force the federal government to rewrite the rules for medical pot for the second time in just a few years – a process that will unfold as the Liberals also work to legalize the drug for recreational use.
The court suspended its judgment for six months to give the federal government time to rewrite its medical marijuana regulations, which the judge ruled are "over broad and arbitrary" because they effectively force patients to choose between their medicine and prison.
Story continues below advertisement
"I agree that the plaintiffs have, on a balance of probabilities, demonstrated that cannabis can be produced safely and securely with limited risk to public safety and consistently with the promotion of public health," Justice Michael Phelan wrote.
John Berfelo, a cannabis advocate who wasn't a plaintiff but helped raise money to cover legal costs, said Wednesday's ruling means he no longer has to live in fear of the government destroying his 144 plants in Abbotsford, east of Vancouver. He and thousands of others have been able to continue growing their own marijuana under a court injunction.
"A win for me now just means I don't have to go into hiding – it's just amazing," said Mr. Berfelo, who started substituting marijuana for opioids in 2007 to cope with a horrific spinal injury suffered in the workplace.
The ruling comes at a pivotal time for marijuana policy in Canada. The Liberals won last year's federal election with a promise to legalize pot, a process that is expected to take more than a year.
At the same time, licensed producers have been lobbying the government for a role in recreational production, while pharmacy chains have signalled they want to sell the drug. Municipalities, meanwhile, are dealing with the proliferation of illegal dispensaries.
The Federal Court case was launched by four B.C. patients who challenged the constitutionality of the former Conservative government's 2014 overhaul of the medical marijuana system. The updated regulations prohibited home grow-ops and established a network of large commercial growers that ship their products directly to customers.
But Justice Phelan ruled the current system does not guarantee that "the necessary quality, strain and quantity [of cannabis] will be available when needed at some acceptable level of pricing."
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
The judge rejected arguments from government lawyers, who claimed home grow-ops posed security, fire and health risks for patients, their neighbours and children who may be exposed to the drug.
The ruling also extends an ongoing injunction for roughly 28,000 Canadians who were licensed to produce their own medicinal marijuana under the old system.
John Conroy, a lawyer for the plaintiffs, said he wants the federal government to expand that injunction quickly to allow new patients to grow medical marijuana. He said the departments of Public Safety, Health and Justice could craft new rules that allow for home growing without going back to Parliament to pass a new law.
"They should immediately get to work trying to make sure that we have in place a reasonable process for patients to continue to produce [medical marijuana]," Mr. Conroy told a crowd of reporters at a celebratory news conference in Vancouver attended by a dozen joint-smoking activists.
Health Minister Jane Philpott did not rule out appealing the decision, but she also made it clear the regulations that were struck down were designed by the previous Conservative government.
She said the Liberals will ensure marijuana remains available to Canadians for medical purposes, suggesting the federal response could involve looser regulations.
Story continues below advertisement
"My priority is to make sure, on the matter of medical marijuana, that Canadians who require access to it have fair access," Ms. Philpott told reporters in Ottawa.
She insisted the ruling does not have any implications for the government's ongoing plans to legalize marijuana for recreational purposes.
About two dozen commercial producers are currently shipping dried marijuana and, more recently, cannabis oils to roughly 30,000 patients, according to the latest data from Health Canada.
Brent Zettl, CEO of licensed producer Prairie Plant Systems Inc., said he can envision a hybrid system in which the government keeps regulating the existing large-scale growers while allowing other patients to grow their own.
Still, the "hassle factor" is too high for most patients to start growing their own, said Mr. Zettl, whose company was the sole commercial provider for federally approved patients for more than a decade.
There are roughly 500,000 medical cannabis users in Canada over the age of 25, according to a survey commissioned by Health Canada – a substantial proportion of whom are not purchasing the drug from licensed commercial producers.
Story continues below advertisement
With a report from Daniel Leblanc in Ottawa
This is a video of the Advanced Tactics Black Knight Transformer (despite the fact it's beige and neither the Autobots nor Decepticons want it on their side) taking its maiden voyage. Let's hope it goes better than the Titanic's.
This is the official video of the Advanced Tactics Black Knight Transformer first driving and flying tests. The Black Knight Transformer is a "flying truck" that combines the best aspects of a helicopter and an automobile. It is a robust and inexpensive aircraft that can perform autonomous casualty evacuation and cargo resupply missions.
Admittedly, this sort of thing could come in handy during a bank robbery. Or just to impress all the people who live on your street. I'll be the talk of the neighborhood!
Neighbor 1: Did you see that new vehicle GW bought?
Neighbor 2: It's hard to miss, it's blocking the entire street.
Neighbor 1: And I swear I heard him having sex in it.
GW: Haha! That's not actually me having sex. That's just a RECORDING of me having sex to keep people from trying to steal it. It's really just an improvement of Kevin's idea from Home Alone.
Neighbor 1: Jesus, where did you come from?
GW: *pointing* I just crawled out of that storm sewer.
Neighbor 2: And just what the hell were you doing down there?!
GW: Trying to make Ninja Turtles.
Keep going for a video of the thing in action.
Thanks to Thaylor H, who agrees the coolest Transformer is a rocket ship that transforms into a rocket ship leaving earth's atmosphere and never returning. Hopefully with me on board.
India: BJP seizes on Jaipur bombing to promote communalism and social reaction
By Deepal Jayasekera
20 May 2008
India's official opposition, the Hindu supremacist Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), has seized on the recent terrorist atrocity in Jaipur, the capital of the northwestern Indian state of Rajasthan, to promote anti-Muslim and anti-Bangladeshi prejudice and to press for a further strengthening of the repressive powers of the state.
At least 63 people, Hindus and Muslims alike, were killed and 200 injured by a series of bomb blasts that occurred in quick succession in Jaipur on the evening of Tuesday, May 13. The attack, which reportedly consisted of seven separate explosions—an eighth bomb failed to go off—was planned to produce a massive loss of life. Bicycles laden with bombs were placed at locations where large numbers habitually congregate. One blast occurred near a Hindu temple dedicated to the Hindu god Hanuman, and Tuesday is the traditional day of worship to him.
The coordinated bombings are India's deadliest terrorist attack since the July 2006 bombing of Mumbai commuter trains, which killed almost 200 people.
Whoever carried out the bombings, it was a criminal attack on innocent civilians designed to whip up communal animosity in India and embitter relations between India and Pakistan, which are set to resume their comprehensive (peace) dialogue this month.
The BJP state government of Rajasthan along with sections of the police-intelligence establishment and the press were quick to blame, without offering any tangible proof, the attack on a Bangladeshi-based Islamicist militia, the Harkat-ul-Jihadi Islami.
BJP leaders and sections of the press have harped on a police claim that a bicycle shop owner, to whom the police traced several of the bikes used in the attack, said that a group of young Bengali-speaking men had purchased them. Bengali is the main language of both Bangladesh and the east Indian state of West Bengal.
Meanwhile, a little-known group that terms itself either the Indian Mujahedeen or Guru-al-Hindi has claimed responsibility for the Jaipur blast. It has sought to substantiate its claim by e-mailing video-clips that purport to show one of the bicycles and a bag used in the bombing to two Delhi-based media organizations.
Rajasthan Chief Minister Vasundara Raje has expressed skepticism about the authenticity of the video-clips. But there are press reports that claim the police are now considering them genuine because the frame registration number of the bicycle in the video matches that on one of the mangled bicycle-bombs.
Raje, her government, and the national BJP are bent on using the alleged Bangladeshi connection to the Jaipur atrocity as a pretext for a foul communal campaign against Bangladeshi migrant workers. Without presenting any evidence, K.L. Charuvedia, the BJP's publicity chief in Rajasthan, declared the blasts were “the handiwork of Bangladesh immigrants living unlawfully in Jaipur as laborers.”
Then last Friday Rajasthan's parliamentary affairs minister, Rajendra Rathod, told a press conference that the BJP state government is giving district collectors 30 days to compile comprehensive lists of Bangladeshis living “illegally” in the state, as a prelude to their deportation.
“District authorities,” said Rathod, “have been issued orders to compile data on the Bangladeshis in their areas. They have also been directed to initiate the process for retrieval of ration cards of those who have managed to get them [and to] cancel their names from the voters list.”
Police have launched house-to-house searches in neighborhoods with large concentrations of Bangladeshi migrants. Dozens have been taken into custody, but none has been charged, at least with anything connected to the Jaipur atrocity. Declared police spokesman Jeewan Bishnoi, “We must verify that every single person here is registered with us.”
According to an Indian press report, eight Bangladeshi migrants were arrested last Friday in the city of Ajmer near a shrine to a famous Sufi (Muslim) saint “after they were found moving under suspicious circumstances.” The report added that a police officer had said that “the eight had come from Dhaka eight years ago and were working as servants.”
Understandably, the Bangladeshi migrants, who are poor and denied citizenship rights in India, are scared. Daulat Khan, a 60 year-old man who earns his living by picking up scraps and garbage, told reporters: “We are a poor community. We don't have the funds to orchestrate this kind of thing or the time. . . . They hassle us just because we are Muslims. It's very wrong.”
According to a BJP state government representative the number of Bangladeshis in Jaipur has grown substantially in recent years, rising from 2,500 in 2004 to more than 10,000 today.
The BJP has long complained about Bangladeshi migrants, claiming that there are as many as 20 million in India, and attacking the Congress Party, the dominant partner in India's ruling coalition, for being “soft” on Bangladeshi migration because it wants to court the Muslim vote.
The figure of 20 million Bangladeshis in India is a gross, communally-inspired exaggeration. But undoubtedly millions have sought to escape poverty and communal and ethnic strife in Bangladesh by coming to India. The 1947 communal partition of the subcontinent carried out by India's departing colonial overlords and the bourgeois Congress Party and Muslim League defied economic logic and the history of India, and has served only to perpetuate imperialist oppression and institutionalize communal conflict.
The BJP's claim that Bangladeshis living in India are “foreigners” is a communal slur, based on the championing of the 1947 communal partition. But the entire Indian establishment endorses it. Citing concerns about terrorism, India's government—with the enthusiastic support of the Left Front government of West Bengal—recently completed construction of a fence along the entire Indo-Bangladeshi border.
Whipping up anti-Bangladeshi prejudice and terrorizing Bangladeshi migrants is only one plank in the BJP's response to the Jaipur atrocity.
In the wake of last week's bombings, the BJP has amplified its denunciations of the Congress-led United Progressive Alliance (UPA) central government for “failing” to fight “terrorism.”
“There is a complete failure of central intelligence and UPA policies in tackling terrorism,” said BJP spokesman Prakash Javadekar. “The UPA government failed to treat terrorism as a national menace.”
The BJP is now going to convene its national executive on May 31 in Jaipur, where, according to senior party leader M. Venkaiah Naidu, it will “discuss the menace of terrorism faced by the country and decide the future course of action.”
The BJP has never agreed to the UPA's decision to rescind a draconian anti-terrorism law that the BJP-led National Democratic Alliance government pushed through parliament in the wake of the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks in the US and the December 2001 attack on the Indian parliament buildings.
The Prevention of Terrorism Act (POTA) granted sweeping powers to the military and police to detain “terrorist suspects” for 30 days without producing them in courts, and for 90 days without formal charges.
Due to public opposition, the UPA government, which came to power in May 2004, was forced to replace it in September 2004 with another law, which retained many of the repressive and arbitrary powers of POTA, thus making its repeal largely cosmetic.
But the BJP has repeatedly demanded the restoration of POTA and clearly hopes to use the issue in next year's general election as part of a double-pronged reactionary attack in which the Congress will be assailed for “coddling” Muslims and being soft on terrorism.
Demanding the UPA government revive POTA, BJP prime ministerial candidate L.K. Advani said: “It's not about an anti-terror law alone. It reflects the attitude of the government and the people... It is about the ability of the state to pre-empt such strikes.”
The initial response of the UPA government of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to the Jaipur bombing was cautious. Singh made a statement condemning the attacks and asking the people to stay “calm” without blaming anyone.
Pointing the suspicious finger was left to the junior Home Minister Shriprakash Jaiswal, who declared, “the people responsible for these attacks have foreign connections.” But not only did Jaiswal fail to provide any evidence, he refused to specify what country he was referring to when he used the term “foreign.” When asked specifically at a news conference, Jaiswal said it could be any of the neighboring countries—Bangladesh, Pakistan, Nepal and Myanmar—that had been gripped by internal turmoil.
On May 18, further adapting to BJP's barrage against his government, Prime Minister Singh called for the creation of a federal agency—an Indian FBI—to deal with “terrorist” crimes. On the same day, India's chief justice K.G. Balakrishnan, addressing a seminar in New Delhi, demanded special new anti-terror laws.
Special Counsel Robert Mueller has impaneled a new grand jury in Washington to probe Russia's interference in the 2016 elections and possible collusion with the Trump campaign, a new report said Thursday.
The development is sign that the investigation is gaining steam, The Wall Street Journal reported, citing a pair of sources close to the probe.
The grand jury began its work in recent weeks, and was considered to be evidence that Mueller's inquiry isn't going away any time soon.
A spokesman for Mueller, Joshua Stueve, declined to comment to the paper.
Team Trump has repeatedly attacked the probe as “fake news” and a witch hunt,” and the Kremlin has also denied that it interfered in the race to aid Trump and hurt Hillary Clinton.
But the US intelligence community said there is plenty of evidence of meddling, which prompted an FBI probe, which Mueller was assigned to take over after Trump fired FBI chief James Comey.
“This is yet a further sign that there is a long-term, large-scale series of prosecutions being contemplated and being pursued by the special counsel,” Stephen I. Vladeck, a law professor at the University of Texas, told the paper.
“If there was already a grand jury in Alexandria looking at Flynn, there would be no need to reinvent the wheel for the same guy. This suggests that the investigation is bigger and wider than Flynn, perhaps substantially so.”
Thomas Zeno, a lawyer at the Squire Patton Boggs law firm and a former federal prosecutor, told The Journal that the grand jury was “confirmation that this is a very vigorous investigation going on.”
“This doesn't mean he is going to bring charges,” Zeno added.
“But it shows he is very serious. He wouldn't do this if it were winding down.”
Ty Cobb, Trump's special counsel, told The Journal he wasn't aware that a new grand jury had been impaneled.
“Grand jury matters are typically secret,” Cobb said.
“The White House favors anything that accelerates the conclusion of his work fairly. The White House is committed to fully cooperating with Mr. Mueller.”
Federal prosecutors had already been using at least one other grand jury, located in Alexandria, Va., as part of their investigation of Michael Flynn, a Trump campaign supporter and his ousted national security adviser.
That probe, which has also been taken over by Mueller's prosecutors, was probing Flynn's work as a private citizen for foreign interests.
The revelation came as lawmakers introduced bipartisan Senate bills that aimed to protect Mueller should Trump follow through on his desire to fire the special counsel.
Both bills would require judicial review of any move to oust him, Politico reported.
One of the measures would let Mueller challenge his firing by appealing to a panel of three federal judges — but only after he'd gotten the boot.
The second would force Justice Department officials who were ordered to fire Mueller to go before the judicial panel before he's canned to explain their reasons.
It is unclear how long the investigation will last, because there is no deadline to wrap it up.
For a club with a capacity of only 500, the Whisky a Go Go holds a stadium's worth of rock & roll history.
The Whisky's widescreen legacy runs from '60 folk-pop and psychedelia into '70s punk and new wave, through '80 heavy metal and hard rock and '90s alternative. In 2006, it became the first venue inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. (A year before Van Halen, one of many Southern California stars who cut their teeth at 8901 Sunset Blvd. in West Hollywood, was inducted.)
The Whisky opened in 1964. Early this May, Mario Maglieri, owner of the Whisky a Go Go and the equally storied Rainbow Bar and Grill, died at the age of 94. Tributes from large-font rockers poured in on social media. Guns N' Roses guitar legend Slash posted on Instagram, “Lost dear old friend Mario Maglieri today. Owner of Rainbow Bar & Grill & The Whisky, he kept RnR alive in Hwd. We will never forget you. RIP.”
Continue Reading
With so many historic performances having taken place at the Whisky, it's a challenge to narrow down the 10 most legendary. But we like challenges, so here they are.
Led Zeppelin
Jan. 5, 1969
As raw as Led Zeppelin were when they played the Whisky, the nascent band were already exuding dynamics and metallic magic that would later help them fill multiple nights at the Forum. The band played three nights with a young Alice Cooper's band opening. The first of these performances, Jan. 2, was only Zep's fifth show in the United States. The Jan. 5 show has been immortalized via bootleg live recordings, with drummer John Bonham's kick drum, guitarist Jimmy Page's wah-wah and singer Robert Plant's bluesy wail high in the mix. Songs performed included numbers from Zeppelin's self-titled debut, including “Daze and Confused” and “Babe, I'm Going to Leave You,” as well as covers of songs by The Yardbirds (“For Your Love”) and Garnet Mimms (“As Long as I Have You”).
The Doors
Aug. 21, 1966
The Doors usually ended their sets with their snaky epic “The End.” But on this night, frontman Jim Morrison, who'd missed the first of two sets that night because he was at the Tropicana Hotel tripping on LSD, wanted to play it earlier in their performance. The rest of the band obliged. Deep into the song, Morrison began a dark, hypnotic vocal ad lib that would become the song's hallmark, but it was performed for the first time this night. Time stood still inside the Whisky. Waitresses stopped serving. The go-go girls stopped dancing. Doors keyboardist Ray Manzarek, guitarist Robby Krieger and drummer John Densmore followed their Lizard King, backing the singer with jazzy improvisation. Finally, Morrison finally belted out an Oedipus Rex couplet about killing his father and fucking his mother. The Doors finished their show, their first after inking with Elektra Records, but got sacked from their Whisky house-band gig immediately afterward.
Blondie
April 23, 1977
Early 1977 was an eventful time at the Whisky for New York new wave act Blondie. In mid-February, the band played a series of shows with “American Girl” jangle-rockers Tom Petty & The Heartbreakers opening. Bassist Dee Dee Ramone was in the audience for at least one of those shows and the following week his band, punk torpedoes The Ramones, would open for Blondie. But April 23 was extra special. The Runaways guitarist Joan Jett hopped onstage with Blondie to play covers of The Stooges' “I Wanna Be Your Dog” and Sex Pistols' “Anarchy in the U.K.”
Oasis
Sept. 29, 1994
Sometimes shows become legendary because they're spectacularly great. Sometimes it's because they're spectacularly messy. Brit-pop bad boys Oasis played their first U.S. show at the Whisky; unfortunately the band had been up doing crystal meth for days. Comically captured on video and included in the excellent 2016 Oasis doc Supersonic, a setlist mixup resulted in the band playing different songs at the same time. Singer Liam Gallagher offered un-charming lout-isms between songs. There are some sparks, though, including a snarling “Cigarettes & Alcohol.”
Van Halen
Dec. 31, 1977
Of all the ways to ever ring in a New Year's Eve, seeing Pasadena supernovas Van Halen slay the Whisky as 1977 turned to 1978 is surely near the top. As evident in bootleg audio recordings, the band were, to borrow one of their song titles, “On Fire.” Van Halen were still a couple months from releasing their mighty eponymous debut LP. But the quartet delivered songs that would end up on Van Halen, such as “I'm the One,” with a machine-gun precision that hints they would soon end up ruling high-school parking lots everywhere. The band also played potent originals “Here's Just What You Wanted” and “No More Waiting,” which remain unreleased, as well as future Van Halen II thumper “D.O.A.” And, oh, to have been in the Whisky that night to hear then-21-year-old Eddie Van Halen's universe-rearranging guitar showpiece, “Eruption.”
Mötley Crüe
Feb. 14, 1982
After Mötley Crüe sold out a three-night stand at the Whisky in 1982, bassist Nikki Sixx was so excited he phoned his grandparents. “You're not going to believe it! We sold out three nights at the Whisky. We fucking made it,” Sixx said on the call, as told in glorious Mötley memoir The Dirt. To which his grandfather replied, “Made what? Nobody even knows you are.” Little did Grandpa Sixx know rock fans would soon know Mötley Crüe very well. On the final night of Mötley's Whisky triptych, the band ripped through gutter-glam cuts from their enduring debut LP, Too Fast for Love. “That was one of the highlights of our career," Sixx told L.A. Weekly in 2011 of those '82 shows “We didn't see what was coming next.” Their Whisky buzz set the band on course for future stardom on sophomore LP Shout at the Devil.
Otis Redding
April 8, 1966
Singer Otis Redding played seven sets over three soul-sweat-drenched days in 1966. This was before his hot breakthrough turn at 1967's Monterey International Pop Festival. His Whisky performances were first culled for 1968's In Person at the Whisky a Go Go, released after Redding died when his plane crashed into Lake Monona on the way to a gig in Madison, Wisconsin. All of Redding's seven Whisky sets were later collected for THE aptly named, six-CD 2016 box set Live at the Whisky a Go Go: The Complete Recordings. The opening April 8 set got off on the good foot with a relentless “I Can't Turn You Loose” and culminated with an ecstatic, horns-goosed cover of The Rolling Stones' “(I Can't Get No) Satisfaction,” with Redding howling during an accelerating vamp like a tent-rival preacher.
Cream
Sept. 4, 1967
Nearly two months before future classic-rock nugget “Sunshine of Your Love” would be released on the Disraeli Gears album, Cream performed the song at the Whisky. A bootleg recording captured Eric Clapton's Marshall amp wallop, Ginger Baker's drum knots and bassist Jack Bruce's nuanced lines. Almost 50 years later, it's a thrill to hear Clapton doing a fuzz-freak guitar solo instead of the accomplished but mannered playing of his later years. Clapton's playing back then put the "power" in power trio.
Soundgarden
Dec. 7, 1989
Two months after Mötley Crüe took a break from arenas to play the Whisky to celebrate chart-topping new album Dr. Feelgood, a young Seattle band's set hinted that rock was about to take a left turn, as Soundgarden brought their slow-motion, Sasquatch metal to the Whisky. The grunge band opened with a steel-belted cover of The Beatles' “Come Together” and worked a bit of The Guess Who's “American Woman” into their corkscrew screamer “Hands All Over.” The show also ran through Sabbath-in-combat-boots originals like “Hunted Down” and “Big Dumb Sex” before concluding with winking covers of comedy rockers Spinal Tap's “Big Bottom” and Cheech & Chong's “Earache My Eye.”
Guns N' Roses
Aug. 23, 1986
On this night, GNR's classic Appetite for Destruction lineup debuted two songs live that would later become hard-rock classics: bandanna love anthem “Sweet Child O' Mine” and junkie wiggler “Mr. Brownstone.” That night, Axl, Slash, Duff, Adler and Izzy also played another new tune, “I Ain't Goin Down,” for the first time. The latter song remains unreleased on an album but surfaced on the soundtrack for Data East's 1994 Guns N' Roses pinball machine.
The CIA's “Founding” of Al Qaeda Documented
Sunday April 21, 2013 - 11:57
The CIA's “Founding” of Al Qaeda Documented
DOCUMENTED! The Muslim Terrorist Apparatus was Created by US Intelligence as a Geopolitical Weapon
Le Nouvel Observateur's Interview with Zbigniew Brzezinski
Originally published 15-21 January 1998
Translated by Jean Martineau (Editor's Note: The following article and interview have been suppressed by Google, now a “black-ops” contractor. The background on US backing for the Chechen rebels totally debunks attempts to assign blame for the Boston Marathon bombings to any group other than American security agencies and their domestic and foreign contractors who were very obvious at the scene, before and after the attack we believe they staged. Without adequate background on how we got where we are, real information can easily be “shaken off” as conspiracy.
If you want real conspiracy, read on and see who the very real conspirators are. G Duff for VT)
Below is our translation of an interview with Zbigniew Brzezinski. It is important for three reasons. First, it flatly contradicts the official US justification for giving billions of dollars to the mujahedeen in Afghanistan in the 1980s, namely that the US and Saudi Arabia were defending so-called freedom fighters against Soviet aggression. “Not so,” says Brzezinski. He confirms what opponents have charged: that the US began covert sponsorship of Muslim extremists five months *before* the Soviets invaded Afghanistan. He says that after President Carter authorized the covert action: “I explained to the president that this support would in my opinion lead to a military intervention by the Soviets.” Second, the interview is instructive concerning so-called “conspiracy theory.” To be sure, there are plenty of nutty theories out there. And of course, there are plenty of just plain wrong theories.
But as Brzezinski demonstrates, the US foreign policy establishment did, for want of a better word, conspire. Even as they claimed to oppose Muslim extremism, they knowingly fomented it *as a weapon of policy.* And they lied about what they were doing, pretending they were helping freedom fighters resist an invasion. In other words, deceit on two levels.
One must ask oneself: if the US foreign policy Establishment used Muslim extremism as a weapon once, how can one argue *in principle* that they would not use it again? We say they *have* used it again; that they have used it continuously; and that we are seeing the fruits of this policy. Most recently we have seen the real essence of the Brzezinski doctrine in the horrendous events this past week in Russia (culminating in the school attack) and Israel (the double bus bombing).
Brzezinski and his protégé, Zalmay Khalilzad, set up a corporation in 1985, funded by the US congress, to train the mujahedeen to sell reporters the lie that the mujahedeen were freedom fighters and victims of aggression (Associated Press U.S. Provides $500,000 So Afghan Rebels Can Tell Their Story
AP, September 16, 1985, Monday, PM cycle SECTION: Washington Dateline, by JOAN MOWER
Guerrillas in Afghanistan are about to get money from the United States government for a public relations campaign intended to bring their struggle against Soviet troops to the world's attention.
The money will train Afghan rebel journalists to use television, radio and newspapers to advance their cause. Reporters will be given mini-cameras to photograph the war inside Afghanistan.
“It is the goal of this project to facilitate the collection, development and distribution of credible, objective and timely professional-quality news stories, photographs and television images about developments in Afghanistan,” said a notice in the Federal Register. The program will be overseen by Uncle Sam's own propaganda arm, the U.S. Information Agency. Congress appropriated $500,000 to hire experts and may provide more later.
In making the money available, Congress all but instructed USIA to consider an organization like Friends of Afghanistan, a new group whose board includes former Carter administration national security adviser Zbigniew Brzezinski, known for hard-line anti-Soviet views.
USIA has solicited proposals, due Sept. 25 (1985). Friends of Afghanistan includes other American foreign policy luminaries such as Lawrence Eagleburger, a former undersecretary of state, and Dr. Zalmay Khalilzad, a Columbia University political science professor and some-time paid adviser to the State Department on Afghanistan.
Afghan rebels, called the Mujahedeen, have been battling 100,000 Soviet troops who have occupied the rugged, mountainous country since December 1979.
The Associated Press referred to Khalilzad as a ”some-time paid adviser to the State Department on Afghanistan.” This was in the late summer of 1985. Less than three years later Tass, the Soviet news agency, reported that Khalilzad was delivering the mujahedeen an important message from the State Department. Khalilzad told them that the State Department would continue to support them: a) only if they could consolidate control of Afghanistan and b) only if they maintained an attitude of implacable hostility to the government in Kabul.
In other words the US ordered the mujahedeen not to make peace: ‘The United States has told the Afghan guerrillas that it would support them in an effort to form a provisional government if they consolidate their control of most of the country and meet other criteria,' the newspaper New York Times today quoted State Department officials as saying.
A top State Department official made it clear that the government must oppose ‘the soviet-backed regime in Kabul' and said that the USA did not ‘accept the legitimacy' of the authorities in Afghanistan. The relevant message was delivered to the rebels in the Pakistani city of Peshawar last week by Zalmay Khalilzad, a special adviser on Afghanistan to under secretary of state Michael H. Armacost. (” To Support Afghan Counter Revolutionaries” New York; The Russian Information Agency ITAR-TASS, May 6, 1988, Friday)
BOSNIA
Brzezinski's interview has tremendous importance today. According to a Dutch intelligence report on Bosnia, in the early 1990s Pentagon intelligence worked with the Saudis and Iranians to bring weapons and mujahedeen terrorists the ‘Afghan Arabs' – into Bosnia to indoctrinate and lead Alija Izetbegovic's Muslim extremists in fighting the Bosnian Serbs.
The same terrorists had been used against the pro-Soviet side in Afghanistan. Once again the media lied, claiming the Bosnian Serbs were fighting to destroy the Bosnian Muslims (i.e., genocide) when they were in fact defending their communities from the mujahedeen, and were allied with a large group of moderate Muslims. This picture appeared in the London Times on December 11, 1995. The caption reads: One of the Bosnian Army's Muslim brigades marches through Zenica in a demonstration of strength by 10,000 soldiers.” Note that according to the Times these 10,000 troops constituted only one of “the Bosnian Army's Muslim brigades…” During the 1990s, pictures like this were as rare as hen's teeth in the Western media. Why? Because they graphically demonstrated that the media was lying when it claimed that the Bosnian Government was moderate and multiculturalist and so on.
The white costumes these troops are wearing are the uniforms of Middle Eastern mujahedeen, not Yugoslav Muslims. The Bosnian Muslim troops wore them because they had been indoctrinated by Muslim extremists, including mujahedeen imported by Iran, Saudi Arabia and other extremist states, with the participation of Pentagon intelligence. In the early part of the Bosnian conflict (up until January 1993) Zalmay Khalilzad, the protégé of Zginew Brzezinski, was in charge of strategic planning at the Pentagon.
In Afghanistan (as Brzezinski proudly states) and then in Bosnia, the US sponsored Muslim terror even as the State Department was officially condemning it. Because ordinary people would never support such a policy, it was sold to the public as support for freedom fighters (Afghanistan) or as defense of abused Muslims (Bosnia.) By the late 1980s Brzezinski's protégé, Prof. Zalmay Khalilzad, was the top strategist of the Afghan war.
Under the administration of Bush, Sr., Khalilzad was in charge of strategy at the Pentagon. We have substantial evidence that it was under Bush, Sr., not Clinton, that the US began assisting the mujahedeen in Bosnia.
So, in both cases, we have Brzezinski's protégé directing the use of Muslim extremism as a weapon against a secular state, with the media misrepresenting the nature of the fight. The Brzezinski Doctrine in action.
2001: Brzezinski's protégé Zalmay Khalilzad was appointed Senior National Security Director for Southwest Asia, the heartland of Muslim extremist terror…
Khalilzad was in charge of US policy on the ground in Afghanistan before and during the 2001 war. He then personally chose the Afghan government. It was under his watch that the US and Iran cooperated in convening a top level conference to give Afghanistan a government based on Muslim religious law. Now he's Ambassador and Special Envoy to Afghanistan.
Even while Khalilzad was in charge of Afghanistan he was also the key man on the ground before, during and after the invasion of Iraq. He was in charge of political relations with Iraqi exile politicians and the Iranian and Saudi governments up until the fall 2003. A crucial period.
GEORGIA
His area of official responsibility included Georgia during the period when the US was intensifying the financing and training of the Georgian military. Russia accuses Georgia of aiding the Chechen terrorists.
So Brzezinski has been the key hands-on strategist, the leader on the ground, in a vast area plagued with Muslim extremist terror during most of the so-called war on terror. Oops – did I say rzezinski? Sorry; I meant Zalmay Khalilzad…
Brzezinski's Interview with Le Nouvel Observateur
Le Nouvel Observateur: Former CIA director Robert Gates states in his memoirs: The American secret services began six months before the Soviet intervention to support the Mujahideen [in Afghanistan]. At that time you were president Carters security advisor; thus you played a key role in this affair. Do you confirm this statement?
Zbigniew Brzezinski: Yes. According to the official version, the CIA's support for the Mujahideen began in 1980, i.e. after the Soviet army's invasion of Afghanistan on 24 December 1979. But the reality, which was kept secret until today, is completely different: Actually it was on 3 July 1979 that president Carter signed the first directive for the secret support of the opposition against the pro-Soviet regime in Kabul. And on the same day I wrote a note, in which I explained to the president that this support would in my opinion lead to a military intervention by the Soviets.
Le Nouvel Observateur: Despite this risk you were a supporter of this covert action? But perhaps you expected the Soviets to enter this war and tried to provoke it? Zbigniew Brzezinski: It's not exactly like that. We didn't push the Russians to intervene but we knowingly increased the probability that they would do it.
Le Nouvel Observateur: When the Soviets justified their intervention with the statement that they were fighting against a secret US interference in Afghanistan, nobody believed them. Nevertheless there was a core of truth to this…Do you regret nothing today?
Zbigniew Brzezinski: Regret what? This secret operation was an excellent idea. It lured the Russians into the Afghan trap, and you would like me to regret that? On the day when the Soviets officially crossed the border, I wrote president Carter, in essence: “We now have the opportunity to provide the USSR with their Viet Nam war.” Indeed for ten years Moscow had to conduct a war that was intolerable for the regime, a conflict which involved the demoralization and finally the breakup of the Soviet Empire.
Le Nouvel Observateur: And also, don't you regret having helped future terrorists, having given them weapons and advice?
Zbigniew Brzezinski: What is most important for world history? The Taliban or the fall of the Soviet Empire? Some Islamic hotheads or the liberation of Central Europe and the end of the cold war?
Le Nouvel Observateur: “Some hotheads?” But it has been said time and time again: today Islamic fundamentalism represents a world-wide threat…
Zbigniew Brzezinski: Rubbish! It's said that the West has a global policy regarding Islam. That's hogwash: there is no global Islam. Let's look at Islam in a rational and not a demagogic or emotional way. It is the first world religion with 1.5 billion adherents. But what is there in common between fundamentalist Saudi Arabia, moderate Morocco, militaristic Pakistan, pro-Western Egypt and secularized Central Asia? Nothing more than that which connects the Christian countries…
http://www.veteranstoday.com/2013/0...
Best guide for nomadic RV life
Components of an RV electrical system.
With a little bit of gumption you can liberate your RV from the leash of the RV parks. Run it untethered, off the grid. Camp in a wild place, or in a parking lot. Takes some advance planning, maybe some more gear, certainly a change of spirit. This book will help. While its technical specs are out of date by a few years, the general drift of the book's advice is right on. Like in anything else off the grid, there's much talk about batteries, inverters and cables. There is not much here about mail forwarding, etc, which is best covered by hanging out on the forums at Escapees, the watering hole website for full-time RVers.
Escapees is a membership club for full time RVers which offers a popular mail forwarding service. You can get your postal mail and packages forwarded in a hundred different ways and schedules. Since it is based in Texas, your official residence can then be located in a state without income tax. Its 35,000 members are eager to share their knowledge of the RV life with newbies.
Also, Workamper is a good online bookstore full of RV-related titles. Guides to: Finding work on the road, cooking, repairs, shopping guides for new rigs, directories of camp grounds, Rving in Mexico and Alaska, dealing with insurance, etc.. Also a book that lists what stores lie at each exit of the interstates! Most of the published lore focuses on snowbirding, and RV parking, rather than boondocking.
Overall, Boondocking RVing is the best book about the logistics of long-term nomadic RVing.
— KK
Escapees RV Club and Mail Forwarding
Workamper
The Complete Book of Boondock RVing
Bill Moeller
2007, 176 pages
$12
Available from Amazon
Sample excerpts:
Additionally, the cost of staying in private campgrounds is increasing, going up by a dollar or more per night each year. We recently read an article in RVBusiness magazine, written by a campground spokesman, that stated the industry envisions campground prices will eventually reach a level of 50% the cost of a midlevel hotel or more. Consequently, if you would normally pay $100 a night for a hotel room, you would pay $50 a night in an RV park.
*
Retail Stores and Restaurants
Retail and chain stores often have large, well-lit parking lots. We have camped at Fred Meyer, Kmart, and Wal-Mart stores (or Camp Wally as they are more commonly called). In fact, Wal-Mart carries an edition of the Rand McNally road atlas with an insert that lists all of the U.S. and Canadian Wal-Marts. other options might include discount warehouses, such as Sam's Club, or restaurants, such as Cracker Barrel and McDonald's.
*
Casinos are excellent places for convenience camping. We don't know of any casinos that prohibit overnight camping, unless they have a commercial campground. Of course, they expect you to patronize the facilities, so at least eat in their restaurants, which often have excellent buffets at reasonable prices. … With the profusion of casinos being built all over the country, they can make great overnight stops with good food and entertainment. Some casinos have regular RV parks, but still allow boondocking in certain areas of the parking lot.
*
You can use flexible water tanks to transport water to the RV.
*
We have two catalytic heaters — a small one (1,600 to 2,800 Btu), which is mounted on the wall, and a medium-sized one (3,200 to 6,000 Btu) we can move around as needed. We've kept warm in some below-freezing temperatures with the catalytic heaters as our only heat source.
Our catalytic propane heater with the folding doors that we made to protect the cabinetry near it.
*
There is a bit of controversy over whether 6-volt or 12-volt batteries are better in a battery bank. Two of the arguments for using 6-volt batteries are (1) there are fewer cables involved in series wiring, so there are fewer connection to corrode; and (2) in 12-volt parallel wiring, one of the batteries in a two-battery bank will receive most of the load and most of the charge, and therefore will fail faster than the other.
The first argument has some validity as there are fewer cables in series wiring, so there is less corrosion. The second argument is not necessarily true, if you wire the bank as shown above. if a battery goes bad in a 12-volt bank, you can just disconnect it and use the remaining one. You'll still be getting 12 volts. With a 6-volt bank, however, one bad battery means the loss of the whole two-battery bank.
*
Should you tilt your panels and follow the sun? … We have seen rigs with their panels mounted on racks that allow them to swing around to track the sun. Frankly, this just seems like too much work to us, plus we don't really think it's necessary. Also, when panels are tilted up, they can be more easily damaged by the high winds that occur during the winter months, particularly in desert areas.
Three 100-watt solar panels installed lengthwise on the roof of a friend's motorhome.
Hello, and welcome to the guide to debunking “black-on-black crime” and all of its rhetorical cousins. Black-on-black crime may no longer be the right-wing media's slogan du jour, but its replacements express the same sentiment.
Inevitably, when there's an uptick of homicides in cities with sizable black populations, or to deflect from movements calling attention to the killings of black people by law enforcement, headlines like these crop up: “Black Lives Matter only When They Are Killed by White Cops”, “#SomeBlackLivesDontMatter,” and “Murder Capital Homicide Explosion in wake of Freddie Gray case dwarfs rate of similar cities.”
Advertisement
So we here at Fusion have put together a comprehensive list on what to do when someone you love, hate, or feel so-so about goes on about “but what about that black crime in the black community” as an alternative to talking about the deaths of black people by police. We got you. Start with: “Nah, chill. Here's what's actually going on.”
1. First thing to debunk? The term “black-on-black crime”:
Gary Younge over at the Nation writes:
“America is very segregated, and its criminality conforms to that fact. So the victims of most crimes are the same race as those who commit them. Eighty-four percent of white people who are killed every year are killed by white people. White people who buy illegal drugs are most likely to buy them from white people. Far from being extraordinary, the fact that black criminals are most likely to commit crimes against black people makes them just like everybody else. A more honest term than “black-on-black crime” would be, simply, ‘crime.'”
Advertisement
Read the full piece here
2. Gun violence in black communities is a matter of public health, and it depends on a variety of structural inequalities.
Jonah Birch and Paul Heideman break it down in Jacobin:
“Research suggests that violent crime rates are driven by a variety of social factors which tend to make American cities particularly prone to gun violence against black residents. Among the most of these factors are very high levels of neighborhood segregation, concentrated un- and underemployment, poverty and a dearth of adequate social services or institutional resources. Fundamentally, gun violence has to be treated like other kinds of public health problems — not as the basis for continuous, empty calls for an introspective discussion about ‘black on black violence.' And like other kinds of public health disparities, tackling high rates of inter-personal violence requires confronting the social context in which it occurs.”
Advertisement
Read the full article in Jacobin here.
3. White people commit crimes against white people, too. Jamelle Bouie from Slate points out that the third leading cause of death among white men ages 19-24 is homicide, for white women it's the fourth leading cause of death.
Take a look at this satirical video featuring writer Cord Jefferson on All In with Chris Hayes:
Advertisement
And read Cord's original piece in Gawker about white-on-white crime here.
4. Contrary to some narratives being put forth, black people do care about crime in their communities.
Slate's Jamelle Bouie lays it out:
“Beyond the data, there's the anecdotal evidence. And in short, it's easy to find examples of marches and demonstrations against crime. In the last four years, blacks have held community protests against violence in Chicago; New York; Newark, New Jersey; Pittsburgh; Saginaw, Michigan; and Gary, Indiana. Indeed, there's a whole catalog of movies, albums, and sermons from a generation of directors, musicians, and religious leaders, each urging peace and order. You may not have noticed black protests against crime and violence, but that doesn't mean they haven't happened. Black Americans—like everyone else—are concerned with what happens in their communities, and at a certain point, pundits who insist otherwise are either lying or willfully ignorant.”
Advertisement
Read “Actually, Blacks Do Care About Black Crime” here.
5. Crime in black communities and crime committed against black people by the state are not created equal.
Michael Eric Dyson gives a compelling reason: “Black people who kill black people go to jail. White people who are policemen who kill black people do not go to jail.”
Advertisement
Vox also provides a great explanation:
"Focusing on black-on-black crime distracts from the current news (the murder case against Slanger, in this instance) that is worthy of discussion and analysis. Worse, it randomly zooms in on one phenomenon — that sometimes black people kill people who are also black — while ignoring the issues that go hand in hand with it. And that's a lot to ignore. As Ta-Nehesi Coates wrote at the Atlantic in 2014, "The policy of America has been, for most of its history, white supremacy. The high rates of violence in black neighborhoods do not exist outside of these facts — they evidence them."
Advertisement
Read the whole article here.
6. Perception is everything. And frankly, the perception of crime in black communities is wrong.
The Sentencing Project, an organization whose mission is to reform sentencing policy came out with a report on racial perceptions of crime:
“White Americans overestimate the proportion of crime committed by people of color, and associate people of color with criminality. For example, white respondents in a 2010 survey overestimated the actual share of burglaries, illegal drug sales, and juvenile crime committed by African Americans by 20-30%. In addition, implicit bias research has uncovered widespread and deep-seated tendencies among whites – including criminal justice practitioners – to associate blacks and Latinos with criminality.”
Advertisement
Read the whole report here.
Collier Meyerson is a reporter at Fusion with a focus on race and politics. She lives in Brooklyn.
The underlying force behind most developments we now see is very simple: overpopulation. But there's something more to it. In a world that has had lowered levels of violence and modern medicine for awhile, there's simply too many men. Normally men die off at a higher rate than women which frees up some extra space. Under these circumstances it's easier to have a functional social contract where men cooperate instead of compete. Without the usual forces of attrition, we end up with a massive sausage fest. Add to that a declining economy, rampant elite overproduction, hostile state ideologies and it's now hard for all but apex males to make it. As the struggle for scarce success slots grows more intense, it drives coalitions of millions of men into direct competition for women and treasure. As such conflicts grow in intensity, they eventually flare into open violence. And of course, part of the deal is the violence clears out some of the dead wood freeing up some breathing room for the rest. Anyone who doubts this principle has only to learn how the black plague ushered in a golden age in Renaissance Europe and Ming China. When there's just too many people, even randomly killing 1 out of every 3 improves life for the rest and allows people the space and leisure they need for innovation and achievement. An environment always saturated to carrying capacity wallows in perpetual stagnation. When there's no more frontiers and empty continents to fill up, humans resort to other timeless safety valves, and when all others fail, war tends to erupt sooner or later. The justifications people make up for history books come after the fact.
War is a gentleman's agreement. Two men who stand little chance of securing a pretty woman or property within their clan sometimes agree to risk their lives against a neighboring tribe to take control of scarce resources by conquest. If both succeed, they both get a payoff, but chances are in war there will be casualties. So in effect they wager that if they succeed one man will perish in the endeavor and the other reaps all the dividends. They may fail and both perish of course, but they agree to take the risk because if they try to play it safe at home, they pass the rest of their miserable lives struggling for mere survival, trod on by the successful as unwanted surplus population. Since the dawn of time, when the incentives are right, groups of men have made the gentleman's agreement with the tacit understanding they are betting the other guy gets shot while they survive to profit from his efforts. And of course those most closely related might behave altruistically with less reservation as worker ants devote their being to the genetic code of their queen. Nature is harsh and living things must often undergo desperate measures against overwhelming obstacles to succeed and continue the species. So until a transhuman era, humans will be thrust into the Darwinian melee by the necessities of competition for mates and scarce resources whether they will it or no. Until then, only intelligent stewardship of human societies and the establishment of workable balances of power both internationally and internally makes peaceful times possible. The foolish elites of Western nations have spent decades undermining a once stable system out of devotion to blind ideology and now act surprised when finally the inertia shifts and the system begins to tip towards entropy.
It's easy to forget our favorite musicians were first and foremost music fans. If the artist in question has also fronted a seminal punk band, been at the center of a landmark obscenity case and been touted as a candidate for the presidency of the United States, those origins are cast even further to the recesses of one long, strange shadow.
Jello Biafra has done all those things in a music career that's spanned decades, but one that truly began with a love for music. In Biafra's case, that love is more than just some abstract notion; it's manifested in his diverse and multitudinous vinyl collection. He'll be in Houston Friday night to share some treasures from that trove as A Fistful of Soul's guest DJ. If the Houston Press Music Award-nominated DJ night and the face of the Dead Kennedys seem like an odd mix, think again, says A Fistful of Soul co-founder Stewart Anderson.
"I actually played records with Jello about a year ago, the day after he came through town with his new band, and we had talked about it then. Then out of nowhere a few weeks back Tomas from Sig's Lagoon hit me up and asked, 'Can Jello play Fistful this month?' And how could I turn that down?", Anderson shares. "I don't think it's a particularly odd union. I got into soul and rhythm and blues through punk and by constantly digging into its roots. You'll find a lot of soul collectors/DJs with the same story."
Continue Reading
Include Biafra in that group. The ringleader of Jello Biafra and the Guantanamo School of Medicine said he “only recently decided to start liking” soul music after years of collecting albums.
“I'm real excited to be at The Continental Club," says Biafra. "Stewart did a last-minute DJ thing at The Big Top next door a night or two after GSM played, so we got to know each other there and being vinyl junkies we were all kind of pawing at each other's collection. ‘What's that you just played? What's that you just played?' But, of course, that's part of the fun.”
“We talked plenty about records last time he was in town and were constantly looking over each other's shoulders to see what was being queued up,” Anderson agrees. “I think people are pretty excited! A lot of people didn't seem to believe it at first but if you've been in record collecting circles long enough you know that Jello has a great and varied collection.”
“My musical tastes are very wide and, keep in mind, I'm so damn old that I heard a lot of those ‘60s garage classics in the ‘60s, as a second grader, when I first got into rock and roll and immediately gravitated towards the wild stuff,” Biafra says.
The first favorites for the man who wrote iconic songs like “Too Drunk to Fuck” included early Rolling Stones, Paul Revere & the Raiders, The Count Five, Eric Burdon & the Animals and the local bands that were getting airplay on the Boulder, CO radio stations he listened to, acts like The Astronauts and Moonrakers.
“I was buying singles hoping to find more of what was then called ‘60s punk and began blundering into really cool instrumentals," Biafra says. "Then I looked for more of those and blundered into rockabilly records, and when I looked for more of those I blundered into country and rhythm and blues.”
A Fistful of Soul continues growing as it nears its sixth anniversary Photo by Mars Varela
Although Biafra cultivated his own collection the old-fashioned way, he's not a vinyl snob. He's fine with people building their own music libraries digitally. There are two reasons he hasn't employed the Internet to add to his accumulation.
“Number one, I'm not very good with computers and number two, if I went on eBay to look for still more records, when would I ever get off?", he says. "Not even after I went broke, let's put it that way. So I'm more into the treasure hunt of going to stores when I can, especially in towns I don't live in, and finding things I never knew existed.
“I realize people can do that on the Internet too and, in a way, when people say, ‘Oh music's no good anymore,' they're totally wrong," he says. "They're acting jaded and need to put down the bottle and put down the drugs and get out of their apartments and go see some new bands at random. But that also goes for music you listen to at home. Luckily, nowadays if somebody young is a real music hound and wants to explore all kinds of things and blunder into some really cool magic accidents that might even inspire them to make their own music, they don't have to accumulate some oversized record collection that clutters up every room in my house except the bathroom. And maybe the kitchen. Not yet anyway. You don't have to because you can find it all online and I think that's all for the good when people have that much more choice. Everything is available.”
As Biafra can attest to, hours of digging through music bins can ultimately mean one's own music eventually gets added to record-store stacks.
“I think it really helps as a songwriter, too. I'm no good with instruments, so I compose in my head, meaning, instead of practicing my guitar, I'm just listening to all different kinds of music and then sometimes I'll kind of get a riff in my head and think, ‘Oh, if I apply this riff to this energy, this tempo, this rhythm and then put this other part in, oh, that's a cool song. I do a lot of that.”
He's doing it now, he said, working on songs for a new GSM album he hopes to complete after the band's European tour later this summer. His latest release is Walk on Jindals Splinters by Jello Biafra and the New Orleans Raunch & Soul Allstars. The album is a live recording of soul, R&B and garage-rock classics from a one-night-only set from 2011. It's available on Biafra's label, Alternative Tentacles.
“Well, it was done on a dare from Bill Davis of Dash Rip Rock and Fred Le Blanc from Cowboy Mouth who dared me to come down to New Orleans and do a whole set of New Orleans songs during Jazz Fest,” he said. “It's got a great southern roadhouse atmosphere, that's for sure. Sure, there are mistakes in it, but on a night like that the mistakes are half the fun.'
We couldn't resist the urge to ask Biafra to share a recollection from past visits to Houston. Not surprisingly, he came up with a doozy, recalling a show Dead Kennedys played at The Island.
“The stuff going on on the stage was amazing," he says. "I think it was Doomsday Massacre and then Really Red then the Butthole Surfers and then us. There may even be video footage of that show. What a show. But then backstage, the whole thing was like vaporized vomit and then who decides to show up and surround the building to attack people but your friends and mine, the Houston Police. And this was not that long after all those murders they committed that are documented in that Really Red song, ‘Teaching You The Fear.' The Houston cops had one of the worst reputations in the country, maybe even worse than the LAPD at that point.
“They surrounded the place, a lot of people got out, but we didn't. And, if I recall correctly, East Bay Ray had the wherewithal to phone in and report an armed robbery in progress at a gas station that was spotted near the club, or somebody did anyway,and then the cops all took off in a hurry to go stop the armed robbery that didn't even exist. So, we got the hell out of there. We were in no mood to be taught the fear first-hand, face to face, club to skull. And neither was anybody else.”
Even with A Fistful of Soul growing by the month in numbers and energy, it's doubtful such history might repeat itself tomorrow night. Not even with a punk legend on the turntables.
“There have been a few older folks from the punk scene that have mentioned they were coming out, as have friends who haven't been to the party in years. I'm actually a little worried about the capacity as we're already getting pretty full on 'normal' nights,” Anderson notes. ”I'm sure there's going to be a ton of people there who haven't been before and don't know what to expect, hopefully they enjoy it and come back! It's great that we will hopefully be reaching some people who may not have come out before or may not have heard of our party.”
A Fistful of Soul feat. special guest DJ Jello Biafra, 10 p.m. Friday, July 17 at the Continental Club, 3700 Main Street. Free.
UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Germany has requested that the U.N. Security Council meet on Monday to discuss the worsening violence in Syria, a spokesman for the German mission at the United Nations said.
The request came after human rights groups said 80 people had been killed in the Syrian city of Hama when government troops stormed in on Sunday to crush protests amid a five-month-old uprising against President Bashar al-Assad.
Germany holds the rotating Security Council presidency until midnight on Sunday, then India takes over for the month of August.
German spokesman Alexander Eberl said his mission had asked the Indian mission to schedule closed-door council consultations for Monday and it was likely to take place in the afternoon, New York time.
Practical council action on Syria has been paralyzed for weeks by disagreements within the 15-nation body.
Western European countries circulated a draft resolution on June 8 that would condemn the Syrian crackdown on protesters, but Russia and China, both allies of Damascus, have threatened to veto it.
Temporary council members Brazil, India, Lebanon and South Africa have also said they do not support the resolution. They say they fear that even a simple condemnation could be the first step toward Western military intervention in Syria, as happened in Libya in March.
You might have a hard time playing Final Fantasy XIV: A Realm Reborn if you're new to the massively multiplayer online role-playing scene, but physical disability won't get in your way. The AbleGamers foundation has awarded Square Enix's well-received redux its Accessible Mainstream Game of the Year award.
I felt Final Fantasy XIV: A Realm Reborn is a fine game, but my requirements for such don't take into account gamers playing under less-than-ideal physical conditions. Apparently Square Enix does, having scored high marks in AbleGamers' accessibility review, which considers players who, for instance, might be playing under limited mobility, vision, hearing or with missing limbs.
"We are very honored to receive AbleGamers' Mainstream Game of the Year Award," said Naoki Yoshida, producer and director of Final Fantasy XIV: A Realm Reborn. "In terms of the visual aspect, especially how color is displayed, we took in the players' feedback and continuously performed updates so that any player from around the world can enjoy the game, and are firmly committed to this moving forward. I would like to formally express my gratitude to AbleGamers for recognizing our efforts."
This year's Accessibility Awards expanded to include a number of additional categories. The Stanley Parable won Best Accessible Indie Game of the Year, while Paradox Interactive takes home the Includification Award for the work it performs making sure its convoluted strategy games demonstrate crucial accessiblity standards.
Check out the full list of winners over at AbleGamers.
But generally, Republican relied upon dogwhistles, as famously explained by Lee Atwater in 1981:
You start out in 1954 by saying, 'Nigger, nigger, nigger.' By 1968 you can't say 'nigger' -- that hurts you. Backfires. So you say stuff like forced busing, states' rights and all that stuff. You're getting so abstract now [that] you're talking about cutting taxes, and all these things you're talking about are totally economic things and a byproduct of them is [that] blacks get hurt worse than whites. And subconsciously maybe that is part of it. I'm not saying that. But I'm saying that if it is getting that abstract, and that coded, that we are doing away with the racial problem one way or the other. You follow me -- because obviously sitting around saying, 'We want to cut this,' is much more abstract than even the busing thing, and a hell of a lot more abstract than 'Nigger, nigger.'
[Obama] really is like the substitute [National Football League] referees in the sense that he's not a real president,” Gingrich told Greta Van Susteren on Fox News Tuesday night. “He doesn't do anything that presidents do, he doesn't worry about any of the things the presidents do, but he has the White House, he has enormous power, and he'll go down in history as the president, and I suspect that he's pretty contemptuous of the rest of us.” “This is a man who in an age of false celebrity-hood is sort of the perfect president, because he's a false president,” he said. “He's a guy that doesn't do the president's job.” [...] Gingrich questioned whether Obama has the stamina and desire to be president. “You have to wonder what he's doing,” Gingrich continued. “I'm assuming that there's some rhythm to Barack Obama that the rest of us don't understand. Whether he needs large amounts of rest, whether he needs to go play basketball for a while or watch ESPN, I mean, I don't quite know what his rhythm is, but this is a guy that is a brilliant performer as an orator, who may very well get reelected at the present date, and who, frankly, he happens to be a partial, part-time president.”
There was a video leading the Drudge Report on Thursday afternoon of a poor black woman [...] saying she's voting for President Obama because he gave her a free phone, and perhaps you have some questions about it.
As Mitt Romney's prospects in the current presidential campaign have grown dimmer, the Republican cloak has been getting thrown off. A few days ago Newt Gingrich said Gingrich ripped off the mask. The following day, the rest of the GOP noise machine joined the fray in earnest, with Drudge leading the charge on the Obama phone
The main question was, is there an "Obama phone"? The answer is obviously "no":
Is the Obama Phone Obama's doing? No. The universal service requirement dates back at least to the Communications Act of 1934. The Lifeline program specifically was started in 1984 under President Reagan and was expanded in 1996 under President Clinton to allow qualifying households to choose to apply the benefit to either a landline or a cell phone. So no, it's not an Obama handout.
The Rural Health Care program supports health care providers serving rural communities by funding telecommunications services necessary for the provision of health care. Congress mandated in 1996 that the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) use the Universal Service Fund (USF) to provide support to telephone companies that serve eligible rural health care providers. Congress also directed the FCC to enhance access to advanced telecommunications and information services for these health care providers. Here are some frequently asked questions about the Rural Health Care program.
Like Mitt Romney's 47 percent remark, the Republicans use overtly racist appeals to whites to attempt to give the impressions that non-whites are the prime beneficiaries of "government handouts." And as in that case, when the 47 percent was mostly comprised of whites, like whites on Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, Veterans benefits, student loan for college, the universal phone service requirement primarily benefits whites, in this case rural whites. Consider the Universal Service Program for Rural Health Care Providers
Who benefits the most from this program? Rural whites, of course. Or, to put it another way, predominantly Republican voters. But nobody helps them. Ask Craig T. Nelson:
But with the first of the 5 stages of grief setting in for Republicans regarding Romney's chances, denial:
Anger, racial anger, is sure to follow.
I like to make a habit of posting about fan made projects and highlighting the creative talent that stems from Jurassic fans. It's funny how, over the years, I've befriended many like-minded people who – aside from their love for Jurassic Park – are filmmakers, writers, creatives in their own right.
With that said, I wanted to write about Primitive War – a new novel by Ethan Pettus. Clearly inspired by Jurassic and his love for dinosaurs, Primitive War is the story of a search and rescue team known as Vulture Squad, who are sent into an isolated jungle valley to uncover the fate of a missing platoon. As they hunt through the primordial depths of the valley, they discover horrors that not only threaten to unravel their minds, but to end their lives as well.
The cover art alone is beautiful, and while the old saying states that you should never judge a book by its cover, I certainly did when I saw this one. How very Trespasser!
The artwork and concept art from the novel that Ethan shared with me show what an action packed and terrifying adventure it will be. And for those feathered dinosaur fans, this is right up your alley!
The art is beautiful and the story sounds great – but how about the writing? Check out an exclusive chapter below! Trust me, it's pretty damn thrilling:
Primitive War will be released within the next couple of months and will be available to purchase on Amazon. Be sure to check out the Facebook page here so you can follow updates on the novel, and let Ethan know what you thought of the above chapter by commenting below!
UPDATE: Ethan has shared with us a new piece of concept art and another chapter from the novel for you to read!
Check out the chapter below!
UPDATE: Primitive War is now available on paperback and Kindle through Amazon!
A search and rescue team known as Vulture Squad is sent to an isolated jungle valley to uncover the fate of a missing Green Beret platoon. As they hunt through the primordial depths of the valley, they discover ancient horrors that not only threaten to unravel their minds, but to end their lives as well. When the casualties mount, the men of Vulture Squad must abandon their human nature and give in to their savage instincts in order to survive…the Primitive War.
Will you be purchasing this fan-written dinosaur novel? Let us know what you think in the comments section below!
At designosaur, we are committed to maintaining the trust and confidence of our customers who visit our website and use our services. We would like you to know that we do not share your data with anybody else. You can find out exactly what data we store, and how to remove your data below. Thanks for being awesome (and for reading it all!) Types of data we store: | Etsy | To fulfil your order, you must provide me with certain information (which you authorised Etsy to provide to me), such as your name, email address, postal address, payment information, and the details of the product that you're ordering. You may also choose to provide me with additional personal information (for a custom order of jewellery, for example), if you contact me directly. I share information with Etsy as necessary to provide you my services and comply with my obligations under both the Etsy Seller Policy and Etsy Terms of Use. | Mailing Lists | As part of the registration process for our monthly e-newsletter, we collect personal information. We use that information for a couple of reasons: to tell you about stuff you've asked us to tell you about; to contact you if we need to obtain or provide additional information; to check our records are right and to check every now and then that you're happy and satisfied. We don't rent or trade email lists with other organisations and businesses. We use a third-party provider, MailChimp, to deliver our newsletter. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our e-newsletter. For more information, please see MailChimp's privacy notice. You can unsubscribe to general mailings by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our emails. We hold your name, your email address and your birthday, we never add customer details to our mailing list, you will only be on this list if you have signed up and consented yourself. | Access to your personal information | You are entitled to view, amend, or delete the personal information that we hold. Email your request to our data protection officer Karli Dendy at hello@designosaurYEAH.com
Etsy prohibits the use of buyer information for unsolicited messages. See our Privacy Policy for more info.
Riding waves of change as the effects of the divisive war in Vietnam and America's civil rights struggle swept the country, Mr. Wicker applauded President Lyndon B. Johnson and Congress for passage of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Voting Rights Act of 1965, but took the president to task for deepening the American involvement in Southeast Asia.
He denounced President Richard M. Nixon for covertly bombing Cambodia, and in the Watergate scandal accused him of creating the “beginnings of a police state.” Nixon put Mr. Wicker on his “enemies list,” but resigned in disgrace over the Watergate cover-up. Vice President Spiro T. Agnew upbraided Mr. Wicker for “irresponsibility and thoughtlessness,” but he, too, resigned after pleading no contest to evading taxes on bribes he had taken while he was governor of Maryland.
The Wicker judgments fell like a hard rain upon all the presidents: Gerald R. Ford, for continuing the war in Vietnam; Jimmy Carter, for “temporizing” in the face of soaring inflation and the Iranian hostage crisis; Ronald Reagan, for dozing through the Iran-contra scandal, and the elder George Bush, for letting the Persian Gulf war outweigh educational and health care needs at home. Mr. Wicker's targets also included members of Congress, government secrecy, big business, corrupt labor leaders, racial bigots, prison conditions, television and the news media.
In the 1970s, Mr. Wicker, whose status as a columnist put him outside the customary journalistic restrictions on advocacy, became a fixture on current-events television shows and addressed gatherings on college campuses and in other forums. Speaking at a 1971 “teach-in” at Harvard, he urged students to “engage in civil disobedience” in protesting the war in Vietnam. “We got one president out,” he told the cheering crowd, “and perhaps we can do it again.”
A Prison Uprising
Mr. Wicker had many detractors. He was attacked by conservatives and liberals, by politicians high and low, by business interests, labor leaders and others, and for a time his activism — crossing the line from observer to participant in news events — put him in disfavor with many mainstream journalists. But his speeches and columns continued unabated.
His most notable involvement took place during the uprising by 1,300 inmates who seized 38 guards and workers at the Attica prison in upstate New York in September 1971. Having written a sympathetic column on the death of the black militant George Jackson at San Quentin, Mr. Wicker was asked by Attica's rebels to join a group of outsiders to inspect prison conditions and monitor negotiations between inmates and officials. The radical lawyer William M. Kunstler and Bobby Seale, chairman of the Black Panther Party, also went in, and the observers took on the role of mediators.
Mr. Wicker, in a column, described a night in the yard with the rebels: flickering oil-drum fires, bull-necked convicts armed with bats and iron pipes, faceless men in hoods or football helmets huddled on mattresses behind wooden barricades. He wrote: “This is another world — terrifying to the outsider, yet imposing in its strangeness — behind those massive walls, in this murmurous darkness, within the temporary but real power of desperate men.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Talks broke down over inmate demands for amnesty and the ouster of Russell G. Oswald, the state corrections commissioner. Gov. Nelson A. Rockefeller rejected appeals by the observers to go to Attica, and after a four-day standoff, troopers and guards stormed the prison. Ten hostages and 29 inmates were killed by the authorities' gunfire in what witnesses called a turkey shoot; three inmates were killed by other convicts, who also beat a guard to death. Afterward, many prisoners were beaten and abused in reprisals.
Mr. Wicker wrote a book about the uprising, “A Time to Die” (1975). Most critics hailed it as his best book, although some chided him for sympathizing with the inmates. “Attica,” a television movie starring Morgan Freeman as a jailhouse lawyer and George Grizzard as Mr. Wicker, was made by ABC in 1980.
Fiction and Nonfiction
Mr. Wicker produced a shelf of books: 10 novels, ranging from potboilers under the pen name Paul Connolly to murder mysteries and political thrillers, and 10 nonfiction books that re-examined the legacies of ex-presidents, race relations in America, the press and other subjects.
Photo
Mr. Wicker's first nonfiction book was “Kennedy Without Tears: The Man Beneath the Myth” (1964), a 61-page look back that some critics said recapitulated popular notions of an orator of charm and wit but did not penetrate the armor of sentiment growing over the dead president.
“JFK and LBJ: The Influence of Personality Upon Politics,” (1968), was better received. It analyzed the character of the two presidents to explain why Kennedy was unable to push many programs through Congress and why Johnson's credibility was a casualty of the Vietnam conflict.
Mr. Wicker's “On Press” (1978) enlarged on complaints he had made for years: the myth of objectivity, reliance on official and anonymous sources. Far from being robust and uninhibited, he wrote, the press was often a toady to government and business.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Published shortly before Mr. Wicker retired, “One of Us: Richard Nixon and the American Dream” (1991) offered a surprising reassessment of the president he had scorned 20 years earlier. Nixon, credited with high marks in foreign policy, mainly for opening doors to China, actually deserved more notice for domestic achievements, Mr. Wicker argued, especially in desegregating Southern schools.
Mr. Wicker later wrote “Tragic Failure: Racial Integration in America,” (1996), arguing that black Americans should abandon the Democratic Party and forge a new liberal movement. And he produced “On the Record: An Insider's Guide to Journalism” (2001), “Dwight D. Eisenhower” (2002), “George Herbert Walker Bush” (2004) and “Shooting Star: The Brief Arc of Joe McCarthy” (2006).
His political novel “Facing the Lions” (1973) was on The Times best-seller list for 18 weeks. His later novels were “Unto This Hour” (1984), a Civil War story on the best-seller list for 15 weeks; “Donovan's Wife” (1992), a satire on sleazy politics; and “Easter Lilly” (1998), about a black woman tried for the murder of a white jail guard in the South.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
A Young Journalist
Mr. Wicker was a hefty man, 6 feet 2 inches tall, with a ruddy face, jowls, petulant lips and a lock of unruly hair that dangled boyishly on a high forehead. He toiled in tweeds in pinstriped Washington, but seemed more suited to a hammock and straw hat on a lazy summer day. The casual gait, the easygoing manner, the down-home drawl set a tone for audiences, but masked a fiery temperament, a ferocious work ethic, a tigerish competitiveness and a stubborn idealism, qualities that made him a perceptive observer of the American scene for more than a half century.
Thomas Grey Wicker was born on June 18, 1926, in Hamlet, N.C., the son of Delancey David, a railroad freight conductor, and Esta Cameron Wicker. He worked on his high school newspaper and decided to make journalism his career.
After Navy service in World War II, he studied journalism at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, graduating in 1948. Over the next decade, he was an editor and reporter at several newspapers in North Carolina, including The Winston-Salem Journal, eventually becoming its Washington correspondent.
Mr. Wicker married the former Neva Jewett McLean in 1949. The couple had two children and were divorced in 1973. In 1974, he married Pamela Hill, a producer of television documentaries. Besides his wife, he is survived by the children of his first marriage, a daughter, Cameron Wicker, and a son, Thomas Grey Wicker Jr.; two stepdaughters, Kayce Freed Jennings and Lisa Freed; and a stepson, Christopher Hill.
In Washington
In 1957-58, Mr. Wicker was a Nieman Fellow at Harvard, and in 1959 became associate editor of The Nashville Tennessean. In 1960, Mr. Reston hired him for The Times's Washington bureau, one of “Scotty's boys,” a cadre of protégés that included Max Frankel, Anthony Lewis and Russell Baker.
Mr. Wicker covered Congress and the Kennedy White House, the 1960 political campaigns and presidential trips abroad. His output was prodigious — 700 articles in his first few years, many of them on the front page, others in the form of news analysis in The New York Times Magazine or the Week in Review.
His work was often entertaining as well as informative. “The most familiar voice in Ameriker lahst yeeah warz that of a Boston Irishman with Harvard overtones who sounded vaguely like an old recording of Franklin D. Roosevelt speeded up to 90 r.p.m.'s,” Mr. Wicker wrote for the magazine, summing up 241 Kennedy speeches in his first year in the presidency. “Nor will the Beacon Street ‘a' and the Bunker Hill ‘r' fall any less frequently on the American eeah in the coming yeeah.”
Mr. Wicker was named chief of the Washington bureau on Sept. 1, 1964, at the insistence of his mentor, Mr. Reston, who had asked to be relieved. While the job involved managerial duties, Mr. Wicker was an indifferent administrator. He continued to cover Washington and national news, and to write news analyses and magazine articles. In 1966, he took on Mr. Krock's column, adding to his workload.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In 1968, after complaints by Times editors in New York that Mr. Wicker was devoting too much attention to his writing, The Times announced that James Greenfield, a former Time magazine reporter and State Department official, would replace him as bureau chief.
Mr. Wicker and some colleagues, who saw the move as an effort to rein in the relative independence the bureau had enjoyed under Mr. Reston, vehemently opposed the appointment. The publisher, Arthur Ochs Sulzberger, withdrew Mr. Greenfield's name and named Mr. Frankel as bureau chief. Mr. Wicker became associate editor, a title he retained until his retirement, and after 1972 wrote his column from New York.
Besides columns and books, Mr. Wicker wrote short stories and freelance articles that appeared in The Atlantic, Esquire, Harper's, Life, The New Republic, The New York Review of Books, The New Yorker, Playboy, Rolling Stone and Vogue. He received many awards and honorary degrees from a dozen universities.
CINCINNATI, OHIO - At about 11:15 p.m. Monday, during a routine transfer of fuel oil at the W..C. Beckjord Station, approximately 5,000 gallons of fuel was inadvertently discharged into the Ohio River.
The release was stopped by 11:30 p.m.
Local, state and environmental agencies, along with the Coast Guard were promptly notified. Northern Kentucky Water District and Greater Cincinnati Water Works also were notified to take appropriate action.
"We notified state and local authorities of the incident and have been working with them throughout the overnight hours," said Chuck Whitlock, Duke Energy president of Midwest Commercial Generation and vice president of gas operations. "We have cleanup crews on site that are identifying the appropriate actions that will be needed to remediate."
Beckjord Station is located in Clermont County, approximately 20 miles east of Cincinnati. Duke Energy owns 100 percent of units 1 through 5 (units 1 through 4 have already been retired), and 37.5 percent of unit 6. Dayton Power & Light owns 50 percent of unit 6 and American Electric Power owns 12.5 percent. The station also has four combustion turbines generating units which burn #2 fuel oil. The combustion turbine generating units are primarily used for generating electricity during periods of high demand or emergency situations.
The station is dispatched into PJM. Duke Energy Ohio anticipates it will retire all six coal-fired units by Jan. 1, 2015.
Headquartered in Charlotte, N.C., Duke Energy is a Fortune 250 company traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol DUK. More information about the company is available at: www.duke-energy.com.
If there's been one positive result of the largest U.S. bank grappling with $6.2 billion in trading losses, perhaps it's everyone else learning how little we truly know about these massive institutions.
Matt Taibbi recently told Sam Seder's Majority Report that a Senate committee's recent grilling of former JPMorgan Chase executives over the London Whale scandal was a pivotal moment for those hoping to hold banks more accountable.
Some suggest that the report, which found that JPMorgan executives consistently disregarded or covered up red flags, shows that big banks have become too big to manage.
"They showed everybody that there are zero internal controls at these companies and that we have absolutely no idea what's going on, and that just exposed everybody to the danger that we're in," Taibbi said.
There appears to be growing support for ending the government backstop for big banks. Roughly half of Americans support breaking up the big banks, according to a recent Rasmussen poll. And just last Friday, the Senate voted unanimously to end the subsidies for too-big-to-fail banks in a symbolic vote.
"Everybody's worried," Taibbi said. "It just has to do with a general fear these guys learned nothing after 2008, they're continuing to support themselves with massive amounts of free government money."
Bloomberg View recently alleged that big banks get a subsidy of $83 billion per year, since investors and clients assume that the government will bail out the big banks if they get into trouble. For their part, five financial industry trade groups disputed the calculation.
Wired's Joshua A Davis has a great profile of my pal Dan Kaminsky's work on discovering and then helping to fix a net-crashing DNS bug earlier this year. Davis really captures the excitement of discovering a major security flaw and the complex web of personal, professional and technical complications that come to bear when you're trying to disclose the research in a way that minimizes harm to the net.
Dan does a lot of fun security-related stuff that doesn't get talked about in public. There's this one thing he does --
But that would be telling.
The next morning, Kaminsky strode to the front of the conference room at Microsoft headquarters before Vixie could introduce him or even welcome the assembled heavy hitters. The 16 people in the room represented Cisco Systems, Microsoft, and the most important designers of modern DNS software.
Vixie was prepared to say a few words, but Kaminsky assumed that everyone was there to hear what he had to say. After all, he'd earned the spotlight. He hadn't sold the discovery to the Russian mob. He hadn't used it to take over banks. He hadn't destroyed the Internet. He was actually losing money on the whole thing: As a freelance computer consultant, he had taken time off work to save the world. In return, he deserved to bask in the glory of discovery. Maybe his name would be heralded around the world.
Kaminsky started by laying out the timeline. He had discovered a devastating flaw in DNS and would explain the details in a moment. But first he wanted the group to know that they didn't have much time. On August 6, he was going to a hacker convention in Las Vegas, where he would stand before the world and unveil his amazing discovery. If there was a solution, they'd better figure it out by then.
But did Kaminsky have the goods? DNS attacks were nothing new and were considered difficult to execute. The most practical attack–widely known as cache poisoning–required a hacker to submit data to a DNS server at the exact moment that it updated its records. If he succeeded, he could change the records. But, like sperm swimming toward an egg, whichever packet got there first–legitimate or malicious–locked everything else out. If the attacker lost the race, he would have to wait until the server updated again, a moment that might not come for days. And even if he timed it just right, the server required a 16-bit ID number. The hacker had a 1-in-65,536 chance of guessing it correctly. It could take years to successfully compromise just one domain.
The experts watched as Kaminsky opened his laptop and connected the overhead projector. He had created a "weaponized" version of his attack on this vulnerability to demonstrate its power. A mass of data flashed onscreen and told the story. In less than 10 seconds, Kaminsky had compromised a server running BIND 9, Vixie's DNS routing software, which controls 80 percent of Internet traffic. It was undeniable proof that Kaminsky had the power to take down large swaths of the Internet.
An artist's impression of Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumara. Credit:John Shakespeare "As the 'extended hands' of the party, you are its functionaries. If you do not want to be called party functionaries, just get out!" Megawati's speech won applause described by the Indonesian media as thunderous. And the president's speech, which he had with him, ready to be delivered? It was not heard. Jokowi, the nickname by which he's universally known, was denied the opportunity to speak to his party congress. It was, in all, a brutal and calculated putdown. He meekly accepted this public humiliation. When reporters asked his response to Megawati's tirade, he replied: "It was very good." It was abject. But she is the power behind his throne. He now finds that he has no dignity serving her, yet he cannot rule without her.
Joko Widodo Credit:Bloomberg The soaring hopes that Indonesia's people had invested in Jokowi were dashed in the first few months of his presidency. One of the reasons for the great popularity of the former furniture manufacturer was his unquestioned probity. In his previous post as governor of Jakarta, he had impressed the people by living in an unpretentious house, rejecting the muscular cavalcade of police vehicles that he was entitled to, and giving every appearance of meaning it when he promised to campaign against corruption, the scourge of Indonesian society. He was Mr Clean in a land where power is dirty, and Indonesians crave clean government.
So imagine the dismay when one of Jokowi's earliest acts was to launch an assault against Indonesia's well-regarded Corruption Eradication Commission, known by its Indonesian acronym KPK. The KPK is Indonesia's most trusted institution. It has fearlessly pursued the powerful and brought down hundreds of politicians, officials, generals and police chiefs. Since it started work in 2003, Indonesia's corruption rating improved from less than 2 points out of a possible 100 to a score of 34 last year, according to Transparency International. Now Jokowi has put Indonesia's progress in doubt. Jokowi named as the new national police chief a man the KPK had marked as under investigation for corruption. The nominee, Budi Gunawan​, is considered suspiciously well off. This appointment was the single biggest blunder Jokowi could have made. It set off an open war between the police and the KPK. The police arrested the head of the KPK on spurious charges to make a point – it was coming after the KPK. Jokowi, after weeks of dithering, suspended the nomination but named an interim police chief who is just as dubious. Why did Jokowi make such a bad choice? Was Mr Clean really Mr Dirty? According to Indonesian media, it was at the behest of Megawati. Gunawan had once served as her aide.
So Mr Clean was merely Mr Weak. This was precisely the charge his rival for the presidency, Prabowo Subianto​, made against him in last year's election campaign – Jokowi would be Megawati's puppet. And so it has proved. Now that his approval rating is negative, he is even more abjectly under her power. Jokowi campaigned on the need to be tough on drug offenders. He called for the restoration of the death penalty, suspended by his predecessor. And Megawati is now pressing him hard on the issue. As part of his ritual humiliation at the party conference, she goaded him publicly on the issue: "Megawati said to him at the party congress, 'Why haven't the executions been carried out already – you aren't buckling to foreign pressure, are you?'" says Greg Fealy, a leading ANU scholar of Indonesia. "The politics is that death penalty is extremely popular in Indonesia, Jokowi is slipping in the polls, he's desperate to turn it around, and of the available issues this is the most readily available on which he's looking strong, according to most Indonesians," says Fealy. Indonesia is a country insecure about itself in the world, and its politicians prey on this to find popular favour. The Indonesian revival of the death penalty for drug offenders partly responds to popular clamour to control drug abuse. But it also plays to politicians wanting to demonstrate a faux defiance of world powers.
For instance, the head of the armed forces, Moeldoko, said that the countries with citizens on Indonesia's death row might try to intervene, implying that Australia or France might mount an SAS raid on Indonesia to break their citizens out of jail. "It's too stupid for words," observes Fealy, "but it went down very well" with the public. Now you know why the Indonesian authorities marshalled such a ludicrously overblown array of force, hundreds of commandos and four naval warships, to transport the handcuffed Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran from one island to another. A pathetically weak leader, pandering to a national pathology of perceived Indonesian weakness, appears to have decided irrevocably to put humanity and judicial rigour aside and to execute Chan and Sukumaran and the other prisoners. Because only a pathetically weak leader would execute the powerless to prove his strength. Peter Hartcher is the international editor.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Nov. 7, 2017, 9:05 AM GMT / Updated Nov. 7, 2017, 11:07 AM GMT By Ali Vitali and Rachel Elbaum
SEOUL, South Korea — President Donald Trump said Tuesday that there had been progress on resolving the North Korea nuclear crisis and called on Pyongyang to “make a deal.”
“I really believe it makes sense for North Korea to come to the table and make a deal that's good for people of North Korea and people of the world,” he told reporters as he stood alongside South Korea's President Moon Jae-in. "I do see certain movement, yes, but let's see what happens."
Trump also called on world leaders to address the North Korean threat together, calling it "a world-wide threat that requires world-wide action."
Trump is in South Korea as part of an 11-day regional trip where he will visit five countries. After visiting South Korea, Trump will make his way to Beijing. After that, he heads to Vietnam and the Philippines.
From the time he touched down in Seoul, Trump focused on North Korea, striking an optimistic tone with U.S. and South Korean troops during a stop at Camp Humphreys.
"Ultimately, it will all work out because it always works out. It has to work out," he said.
President Moon said he hoped that Trump's visit to the Korean Peninsula would mark "a turning point in resolving the North Korean nuclear issue."
President Donald Trump listens to South Korean President Moon Jae-in during a joint news conference in Seoul on Tuesday. Andrew Harnik / AP
He praised the U.S. president for his focus on the issue, with Trump promising the urgent crisis would be "front and center" in their talks.
The two leaders were full of warm words on their countries' relationship at the press conference, with Trump thanking Moon for his hospitality and calling South Korea a partner and friend.
"We cannot allow North Korea to threaten all that we have built," Trump told Moon.
A key U.S. ally, South Korea is home to more than 50 million people. Some 28,000 American troops are stationed in the country. Seoul, its capital, is just 30 miles from the North Korean border and in range of thousands of artillery pieces that are trained on the city.
North and South Korea are technically still in a state of conflict since the Korean War ended in an armistice, rather than a peace treaty, in 1953. In the decades since the Koreas were partitioned, the North has become an impoverished, militarized pariah, while the South has embraced technology, capitalism and deep ties with the Western world.
Trump's visit comes amid rising tensions in the region and after a summer of hot rhetoric from Trump who promised to meet provocations from North Korean leader Kim Jong-un with "fire and fury."
White House advisers didn't expect to hear less of Trump's fiery talk during this trip — and even Trump defended its use.
Declaring an end to the "era of strategic patience" with Pyongyang during a press conference in Tokyo on Monday, Trump said that his "rhetoric is very strong, but look what's happened with weak rhetoric over the last 25 years."
North Korea has said in public statements that it wants an official end to the Korean War. It also wants full normalization of relations with the U.S. and to be treated with respect and as an equal in the global arena.
Related: War With Kim Jong-un 'Must Not Happen,' South Korea Says
Trump and Moon also discussed their countries' trade agreements. During the press conference Trump criticized the current agreement, calling it "unsuccessful and not very good for the U.S."
Ali Vitali reported from Seoul. Rachel Elbaum reported from London.
CORRECTION (Nov. 7, 4:50 a.m.): An earlier version of this article misstated the length of Trump's Asia trip. It will last 11 days, not 13 days.
Android developers wanting a quicker and easier way to hack around with hardware should point their eyes at this Kickstarter project — called USB2Go — which is aiming to repurpose the micro USB port of your smartphone as a portal for plugging in an ARM Cortex-M3 development board.
The board would then be powered by the phone, doing away with the need for an additional battery (or for wiring things up). Developers also won't need any ARM programming knowledge either; instead they develop atop USB2Go's Android API for peripheral control.
The core concept is to make it easier (and potentially cheaper) for Android developers to build external connected gadgets. The USB2Go has an early bird Kickstarter price of $29, rising to $34 after all those early pledges are gone.
“Our competitors are other development boards, but none of them features direct connection to the phone,” USB2Go co-founder Bostjan Mulej tells TechCrunch. “Our main advantages are: small size; it's powered from the Android device, that means no extra batteries; our software is open sourced.”
From USB2Go's Kickstarter page:
USB2Go is powered from USB port which provides 5V and 500mA power supply. That amount of power can supply external sensors, lasers, LEDS, imaging sensors, motors, you name it. Because USB2Go has ARM Cortex-M3 low power, high performance core it enables standby mode. For Android developers with application development experience we have Android API for USB2Go board. This enables you to control all GPIO's, ADC's, PWM, timers, RTC, USART, I2C, SPI from Java. This API sends commands to USB2Go board which processes the commands and responds to them, it's really simple to use without any ARM core knowledge. Programming syntax is very similar to what you are used to.
They recommend developers using Android Studio from Google and Eclipse to create projects using the hardware. But for hobbyist users they have also created a graphical app building tool with drag and drop tools to quickly start playing around.
The Slovenian duo behind USB2Go has managed to circumvent Kickstarter's country restrictions (the site does not currently support many European territories) by partnering with a U.S.-based engineer, called Kevin Jordan, who previously worked with another Slovenian Kickstarter project (Red Pitaya).
“We were funding development on our own and now we would like to make this accessible to anyone and build an online community for Android gadgets,” Mulej adds.
The team is actually building two versions of USB2Go: a male version that can be plugged straight into the smartphone as its power source, and a female version — to allow for standalone gadgets — that can be powered from a micro USB charger.
It's also building a family of accessories to go with the USB2Go development board, such as an Arduino extension board to support the creation of Android-powered Arduino projects.
All this is yet to come, however, as USB2Go is seeking to raise $50,000 to fund development via Kickstarter. And has raised less than $1,000 of that with 29 days left to pull in the rest.
If USB2Go taps enough interested developers to make its project fly it's aiming to ship to backers next October.
$ 56.00
Download an excerpt from this book here.
By Donald C. Williams; Photographs by Narayan Nayar
In a space of just 10” x 39” x 19-1/2”, H.O. Studley managed to arrange – with perfection – more than 250 of his tools into a dovetailed mahogany cabinet that has captivated tens of thousands of woodworkers since it was first unveiled in 1988 on the back cover of Fine Woodworking with a single shocking photograph.
After a brief stay at the Smithsonian, the cabinet was sold to a private collector and hasn't been seen by the public for well over a decade. Studley's workbench has never been on public view.
For the last four years, Donald Williams and a team of supporting characters have been researching, documenting and photographing both the cabinet and Studley's equally amazing workbench to create “Virtuoso: The Tool Cabinet and Workbench of Henry O. Studley.”
This book is the first in-depth examination of one of the most beautiful woodworking tool chests ever constructed and presents the first-ever biography of Studley (1838-1925), a piano and organ builder in Quincy, Mass. In this book, Williams uses original research to answer the questions that flash through the minds of everyone who views the cabinet:
How did he build it?
How does it work?
And why would anyone construct such a monument to his tools?
In this book you will find measurements, details and photographs of all the tools in the cabinet. Every swinging frame, hinged panel and nook of this three-dimensional, multi-layered sculpture has been analyzed so you can understand how it folds in on itself like a giant piece of mahogany origami.
You will meet the man himself, H.O. Studley, and get a glimpse into the trade of high-end organ and piano makers in 19th- and 20th-century New England.
But most of all, you will see the cabinet in a way that only a handful of privileged people ever have. And you will realize that the magazine photograph that electrified the woodworking world in 1988 only scratches the surface of the cabinet's complete magnificence.
“Virtuoso” is produced and printed in the United States. The interior paper is an #80 coated matte paper. The signatures are sewn, affixed with a cloth tape and glued to the cover boards to create a strong hinge. The cloth-covered boards are wrapped in a #100 super-matte dust jacket. 216 pages.
A companion documentary on the tool cabinet is available in our store here.
About the Author
Don Williams says his love of learning was probably fostered by the fact that his father was going through seminary when he was a child. Don grew up in a household without television. Instead, his family listened to classical music and read.
“But much to my parents' dismay, I veered off into jazz as my primary interest, so they were pretty much convinced in my teenage years that they had picked up the wrong kid in the hospital,” he says.
Don maintains a love of jazz.
Jazz can loosely be defined as a combination of polyphony, syncopation and improvisation — simultaneous but independent melodic lines playing at the same time with unexpected and off-beat rhythms achieved extemporaneously. For Williams, jazz is not only what he listens to, still to this day, but serves as an outline for how he lives his life.
A self-proclaimed conservator, educator, scholar and all-around inquisitive guy, Don was a curious child who delved deep into varying topics – some unexpected – and from a young age, found connections.
Read more about Don Williams in this full profile.
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
Men arrested for taking part in a mock same-sex wedding in Egypt have ‘tested negative' for homosexuality.
Seven men were arrested over the weekend, over a video showing an unofficial same-sex wedding ceremony on a riverboat in the Nile.
The video was posted in April, but had gone viral in Egypt this month, with many calling for the men to be identified and put to death.
However, Ahram Online reports that ‘doctors' who subjected the arrested men to intrusive tests for homosexuality have found that they are not gay.
Forensic authority spokesperson Hisham Abdel-Hamid said: “According to inspection, the seven suspects have never had sex with other men.”
Tests frequently used to determine sexuality in Egypt entail an examination of the man's anus, though the ‘tests' have no basis in science and have been condemned by global health authorities.
The public prosecutor's office said previously that the wedding constituted a criminal act because the images were “humiliating, regrettable and would anger God”.
The men will face charges for inciting debauchery and spreading images that ‘violate public decency', though passing the arbitrary test may see the charges against them dropped.
Homosexuality is illegal in Egypt, and it is feared that the police are cracking down on the gay community after a surge in raids and arrests earlier this year.
In April, a court sentenced four gay men to jail sentences of up to eight years for “debauchery”, after they threw a party.
52 men were arrested in a raid on a ‘gay' party in 2001, with 23 of the men receiving prison terms.
Watch the clip below:
Show full PR text
Volvo 2014 V8 Supercar engine makes its debut at Sydney 500
• Volvo Polestar Racing debuts its first ever V8 Supercar engine
• Race engine developed by Polestar with support from the same Volvo engineering team behind
upcoming Drive-E engines
• Unique engine promises distinctive sound
Volvo has unveiled the engine that will power its two Volvo Polestar Racing S60s in the 2014 V8 Supercars Championship.
Volvo Car Australia Managing Director Matt Braid lifted the covers on the race engine, with Volvo Car Group Motorsport Technical Director Martin Persson and Commercial Director Alexander Murdzevski Schedvin in attendance.
"As the first luxury car manufacturer to field a factory team in the V8 Supercar Championship, we're delighted to share this milestone moment with you and reveal our race engine for the 2014 V8 Supercar season," said Matt Braid, Managing Director of Volvo Cars Australia.
"The race team at Polestar have worked hand-in-hand with the engineering team at Volvo Cars to design, build and develop a race engine in Gothenburg, Sweden, to compete in Australia's premier motor racing category."
The global resources of the Volvo Car Group and Polestar, Volvo's performance and motorsport partner since 1996, are being fully utilised to facilitate the development of the Volvo Polestar Racing V8 Supercars in readiness for the 2014 season.
The Volvo B8444S 4.4-litre production V8 has been modified and built specifically for racing in the V8 Supercar Championship by Polestar – supported by the same people in Volvo Car Group who are behind the innovative four-cylinder Drive-E road car engines, which debut in Australia next year.
Thanks to its compact size and narrow 60 degree vee configuration, the B8444S is a truly unique engine on today's racing grid. With this in mind, motorsport fans can expect to instantly recognise the Volvo Polestar Racing S60s in 2014 thanks to the engine's distinctive soundtrack.
Christian Dahl, Managing Director of Polestar, said of the race engine: "We have completed a number of high-rev simulations and long-distance runs and we're very happy with the figures and outcomes we've achieved. The next step is to fit the engine to the race car and continue the pre-season development timetable."
Development of the race engine began back in May 2013. The first block was completed in late October and had its first run on the dyno in mid-November.
"So far, everything is on track with the race engine," said Volvo Car Group Motorsport Technical Director Martin Persson.
"On paper, this race engine and the new Drive-E engines are quite different. But from an engineering perspective it is a very similar process, and that is to push your imagination and creativity to the limit within a specific set of targets.
"For instance, whether you are aiming for leading efficiency or the most powerful race engine ever to be heard in the Australian V8 Supercars Championship, you will strive to reduce weight, friction, heat and to maximise power."
Further information about Volvo Polestar Racing will be released in due course.
Technical information
Block: Modified Volvo B8444S, 60 degree aluminium cylinder blocks
Heads: Modified Volvo B8444S, aluminium
Bore x Stroke: 95.5 x 87.1
Capacity: 4989cc
Compression Ratio: 10:1
Max revs: 7500rpm
Induction: Naturally aspirated, eight throttle bodies
Fuel: E85
Liners: Cast in steel liners
Valve Train: Double overhead camshafts, direct acting tappets, chain drive
Ignition: Volvo B8444S coil on plug
Injection: Port injection, one injector per cylinder, injection pressure: 5.5 bar
WADA says meldonium bans could be overturned amid uncertainty over time drug takes to leave body
Updated
Athletes who tested positive for meldonium before March 1 could have bans overturned less than four months before the Rio Olympics after WADA said it could not establish how quickly the drug cleared the human body.
Key points: WADA says 172 positive tests for meldonium since January 1
WADA is unsure of time substance stays in the body after use
Meldonium's Latvian manufacturer previously said traces could remain in body for several months
WADA's notice to national anti-doping bodies is expected to have a major impact on many of the 172 athletes who have tested positive for the performance-boosting drug since the ban took force on January 1.
They include five-times grand slam tennis champion Maria Sharapova, who was among 40 Russian athletes to test positive for the drug after it was added to WADA's list of banned substances in January.
Sharapova's lawyer John Haggerty said on Wednesday that WADA handled the issue "poorly" and was now trying to make up for it.
WADA said there was a lack of clear scientific information on excretion times.
The organisation's spokesman Ben Nichols said the aim was to give information to sports and anti-doping organisations for how they might pursue doping cases for meldonium.
"We're not talking about a big climb-down at all, we're talking about a clarification and assistance we've given to help make sure the right outcomes are reached," Nichols told ABC News Radio.
"This is an unprecedented situation with a large number of cases - it's a new banned substance," he said.
"Some of these might be cases where the athlete can prove that they took it when it wasn't banned, but many of them will be ingestion after the 1st of January."
WADA defends banning Meldonium
Nichols said it was not a "flippant decision" for WADA in adding meldonium to the list of banned substances, and he maintains it was a "thorough process".
"The expert committee decided there was enough conclusive evidence that it was enhancing performance and athletes were misusing it," he said.
Meldonium's Latvian manufacturer has said traces could remain in the body for several months depending on doses, duration of treatment and sensitivity of testing methods.
The anti-doping body's notice also gave hope to athletes who have tested positive for the drug since March 1, depending on studies being carried out to determine how long it stays in the body.
"Since meldonium was prohibited on 1 January of this year, there have been 172 positive samples for the substance, for athletes across numerous countries and sports," WADA President Craig Reedie said.
"Concurrently there has been a call by stakeholders for further clarification and guidance," he said.
"WADA recognises this need - that meldonium is a particular substance, which has created an unprecedented situation and therefore warranted additional guidance for the anti-doping community."
Sharapova lawyer critical of WADA handling of issue
Sharapova, who said she had been taking meldonium for more than a decade because of health problems but had not used it since January 1, was provisionally suspended by the International Tennis Federation (ITF) in March after announcing she had failed a test at the Australian Open.
"The fact that WADA felt compelled to issue this unusual statement now is proof of how poorly they handled issues relating to meldonium in 2015," Haggerty said in a statement.
"Given the fact that scores of athletes have tested positive for taking what previously was a legal product, it's clear WADA did not handle this properly last year and they're trying to make up for it now."
Russian Tennis Federation president Shamil Tarpishchev said Sharapova's ban could be addressed in a meeting with ITF head David Haggerty this month.
"The situation with Sharapova could be resolved after April 21 when we meet with the head of the international federation. It is too early to talk about Sharapova competing at the Olympic Games," Russia's TASS news agency quoted Tarpishchev as saying.
Russian sports minister welcomes WADA's announcement
Russian sports minister Russian sports minister Vitaly Mutko welcomed WADA's decision.
"The Russian Sports Ministry supports and welcomes the decision made by WADA because it has shown a willingness to understand the situation, rather than stick to the rulebook," Mutko said in a statement.
"WADA has demonstrated impartiality and being objective in the fight against doping."
Several Russian federations - including rugby, skating and cycling - are now confident their athletes who had tested positive could be free to return to competition.
Meldonium, manufactured for people suffering from heart problems, can also increase blood flow and improve exercise capacity.
ABC/Reuters
Topics: sport, doping-in-sports
First posted
The Imperial Navy is composed of star destroyers, TIE fighters and others.
The Imperial Army is composed of Stormtroopers, AT-ATs, AT-STs and others.
Here are the three wings of the Galactic Empire.
Let's get into it. This tutorial will require a basic knowledge of JSX, which you can learn more about here .
This is similar to the way that Darth Vader commands the three wings of his army. Once word gets back to him of the rebel location, his resources will automatically mobilize to launch an attack.
But in React, the idea is that when state is modified, the changes will automatically trickle down to all child components via props . So you only need to write the code to change one thing — the state — and watch as your UI updates.
If you are used to using jQuery, you may think about creating one event handler (like a click() handler), then explicitly changing different parts of the user interface line-by-line.
That's right. If you've seen the original Star Wars series, you can understand props and state.
But don't worry — I'm going to clear everything up with a Star Wars analogy.
Props and state are essential to writing readable React code. But they're hard concepts to grasp, because they're based around an entirely different paradigm than Angular or jQuery (if you have used either of those).
Military Intelligence is composed of bounty hunters like Boba Fett, probe droids, and any other specialized scouts.
Here is a quick org chart that will give some direction on how we will write our components.
A reminder: Vader's first goal is to find the location of the rebels. Those at the bottom of the org chart are the actual functional units that can accomplish this. If one of them finds a rebel base, their instructions would be to return to Vader so that he could execute his battle plans.
React is all about dynamic user interface. When a user completes a specific action, how does state change? In this case, Darth Vader would have a state called rebelLocation. Since that is the key dynamic variable, the three wings of the Empire would mobilize due to a change in the rebelLocation state.
Stormtrooper encounters rebel base → Return to Darth Vader with location
User clicks certain element → Update the state of some parent component
Here are the basics in code, which follows the org chart above:
State Explained
State allows you to dynamically change many elements at once based on one variable. State encompasses the key parts of your UI that change basic on user input.
With fewer things to keep track of in state, you will be able to write components with more clarity and fewer opportunities for bugs. When state changes, many components may change in accordance based on the one variable.
jQuery approaches this by asking you to write one line for every element that must be changed. It is not explicitly based on the parent-child relationship like state is.
Let's say Stormtroopers encounter the rebels. Vader has ordered them to report to him as soon as possible. Once they return with a rebel location, Vader can carry out the rest of his orders, which were contingent on the rebel location. Here is a modified diagram that charts the path through the components listed above.
Orders are already passed down to every member at the bottom of the chart. Once they run into rebels, they know to return to Lord Vader. The rebelLocation state will then be updated with the planet, be it “Endor”, “Hoth”, or somewhere else.
This is the same concept as receiving user input then updating state in a parent component. Many React practitioners choose to write components with a singular function, so the component that actually listens for the user input will almost always be different than the component that holds state.
Above: Stormtrooper nested within ImperialArmy nested within vadersEmpire
In a real app: User input nested within parent div nested within parent div
What happens when state changes?
This is the beauty of React. Rather than writing complicated event handlers (like in jQuery), everything is contingent upon changes in state. You can clearly trace changes in the UI to these state changes.
In this case, once the rebelLocation is discovered, the state would change to that planet. But that is only half the story. Darth Vader would have plans in mind to mobilize different assets based on this state change. He can prepare them in advance for this possibility. As in, “When we find their planet, travel there immediately and prepare for an assault!”
Once state changes, the changes are automatically shared with all 3 wings of the Empire. Similarly, when the state of a parent component changes, the child components automatically inherit the new state.
Every component can also have its own state. For example, the ImperialArmy component might have a troopsCount state which counts the members of the army. We will not modify that in this example, but you can imagine that a battle might affect troopsCount.
Notice how this state does not depend on rebelLocation. If it did, we would not want to explicitly declare another state. We would want it to automatically update based on a change in rebelLocation state.
Since it is independent, here is what the code looks like:
Wait, so how does this state get communicated between the different components? That brings us to… props!
Props Explained
With our Darth Vader case, we actually need two sets of instructions when it comes to commanding the Stormtroopers and other units on the bottom of our chart.
Question 1: What should the Stormtroopers do if they encounter the rebels?
Answer: Report back to Darth Vader.
Question 2: Where should the Stormtroopers travel?
Answer: if the rebels have not been found, search the galaxy at random. Else, go to the rebel location to attack them.
Props allow us to continuously monitor the rebelLocation state, and order a troop movement if the state changes. rebelLocation is a string. But what about the orders that must happen when they initially find the rebels?
We can actually pass a function as props as well! That means that we can pass a callback down to each Stormtrooper that will execute if that trooper discovers the target. In the following picture, you can follow the path outlined by “Orders” to trace the props.
In a typical user interface, let's say that a user clicks a button, and you want to update the state of a parent component. You must also pass a callback from that parent component that will be triggered on the user's click. That callback can then update the state because it originated with the same parent that set the state.
This is important, so let's explore this code line-by-line:
Line 8: We create the command for the Stormtroopers that they should return with the rebel location immediately when they find it.
Line 19: We pass the command to the entire army via the updateLocation props.
Line 32: The Imperial Army passes this command to every Stormtrooper with an identical updateLocation props.
Line 42: We create a discoverLocation function so we can pass the value of the input into the updateLocation() callback when it is triggered.
Line 53: When a Stormtrooper finds the location, it triggers the discoverLocation() function so we can return the location via updateLocation(). This updates the state in the vadersArmy parent component.
Other Notes: We passed the rebelLocation all the way down to each Stormtrooper as well. In this tutorial, we will not do anything with that information, but in the future, you can imagine that might be used to shift the location of all troopers towards the rebel base.
A Final Recap
Darth Vader gives every member of the Galactic Empire an order: If you find the rebels, report back to me immediately. In code, this is a function in the parent vadersArmy component that is then passed to every child via props. The Army, Navy and Military Intel (three divisions of the Empire) pass this instruction to every single troop, again via props. Each member of the Empire has the instructions. When they encounter the rebels, they will use a callback to pass the location all the way back up to Darth Vader, who will update the entire Empire with the news simultaneously and prepare for battle. This simulates a dynamic user input that changes the state of the parent component.
If you enjoyed this post, you may also enjoy my other explanations of challenging CSS and JavaScript topics, such as positioning, Model-View-Controller, and callbacks.
And if you think this might help other people in the same position as you, give it a “heart”!
call for votes on default Linux init system for jessie
To: debian-ctte@lists.debian.org, 727708@bugs.debian.org
Subject: call for votes on default Linux init system for jessie
From: Bdale Garbee <bdale@gag.com>
Date: Sat, 08 Feb 2014 12:49:37 -0700
Message-id: <87d2ixcrla.fsf@rover.gag.com>
I have carefully considered Ian's current proposal for a process and schedule to reach a next ballot on the init system issue, and do not believe it is the best way for us to proceed. The fundamental problem is that I remain as convinced now as I was when I posted my last CFV that conflating multiple questions in a single ballot is a bad idea. Our voting system works exceptionally well when we're trying to choose between multiple alternatives for a single question. But as others have observed, trying to mix questions into a matrix of alternatives in a single ballot really complicates the process. I believe it both tempts us all to take a more tactical approach to voting than appropriate, and increases the risk of stumbling over corner cases in the process which could lead to surprising results. My other concern is that while it is clearly within our constitutional right, to the best of my recollection the committee has never before issued a binding ruling on an issue not explicitly put before it. Thus, a vote on the "T vs L" question in whatever form might evolve through further discussion seems precedent-setting to me... and thus deserves to be voted on discretely, so the outcome is clear and unambiguous input to the project. I expect that Debian can and should continue to support multiple init systems for the foreseeable future. I also believe that Debian can and should take an active role working with upstream projects on software that is important to us, such as init system projects. So... I want to try and simplify this again using essentially the same ballot I put forth before, but with all the concerns raised by other committee members addressed... except for Ian's demand that we conflate the "T vs L" question in the same vote. I understand this means Ian will most likely vote further discussion as his first choice, but I sincerely hope the rest of you will not do that and instead vote this ballot to a useful conclusion. I explicitly sought and have received our project Secretary's review of the text of this ballot. Both the assertion of jurisdiction and text allowing a GR to override our conclusion incorporate his inputs. As per Constitution 6.3.1, I call for an immediate vote on the following ballot, with a voting period of one week or until the outcome is no longer in doubt: - - - start ballot - - - We exercise our power to decide in cases of overlapping jurisdiction (6.1.2) by asserting that the default init system for Linux architectures in jessie should be D systemd U upstart O openrc V sysvinit (no change) F requires further discussion Should the project pass a General Resolution before the release of "jessie" asserting a "position statement about issues of the day" on init systems, that position replaces the outcome of this vote and is adopted by the Technical Committee as its own decision. - - - end ballot - - -
Today during Microsoft's Surface event in New York City, the company just unveiled its new 12-inch, Core i7 Surface Pro 3 tablet and it spent much of its presentation comparing it to the iPad and MacBook Air. Microsoft is pitching the 9.1mm thick tablet– the thinnest Intel Core product ever made– as the first true replacement for your iPad and laptop combination.
The announcement comes following rumors that Apple is at the very least testing similar sized tablets for future iPad models. Microsoft said Surface Pro 3 weighs just 800g and it made that point by comparing it to a 13-inch MacBook Air on stage (below):
During its comparison, Microsoft said that the Surface Pro 3's 12-inch display would provide 6 percent more content on screen than on the MacBook Air's 13-inch screen. The Surface Pro 3 has a 12-inch 2160-by-1440-pixel display and it moves to a 3:2 aspect ratio instead of 16:9 ratio used by previous Surface devices. Microsoft also has a new dock for the Surface Pro 3 that allows output to a 4K display.
We reported earlier this month that Apple is working on a new split-screen, multitasking feature for iPad similar to what Microsoft offers on Surface. Microsoft previously focused on attacking iPad in several marketing campaigns by highlighting the iPad's inability to multitask with two apps side by side, in addition to its lack of Microsoft Office apps, which have since been released for iPad users in the App Store.
So what's Microsoft's new angle? The company spent most of its presentation today talking about the fact that consumers still have to decide between a laptop and an iPad or buying both:
The best 4K & 5K displays for Mac
“96% of you who own an iPad also own a laptop.. Tabets… They're designed for you to sit back and watch movies, they're designed to read books, they're made for browsing the web. Laptops are not designed that way at all. They're designed to help you get stuff done.”
To that point, Microsoft pushed the message today that Surface Pro 3's 12-inch screen makes it the perfect tablet to fix the problem mentioned above and make it a true laptop replacement. Satya Nadella kicked off the event by pushing back against Tim Cook's line about convergence. Nadella said of Microsoft: “We clearly are not interested in building refrigerators or toasters.”
[tweet https://twitter.com/9to5mac/status/468775935505096704]
Rumors of a 12.9-inch display on a new iPad model started to get serious when The Wall Street Journal reported back in July that Apple was indeed testing larger screens for both its iPhones and tablets. The rumors continued with other sources of varying credibility reporting that a 12.9-inch model will arrive sooner rather than later and possibly as early as the first half of this year.
The Surface Pro 3 is available starting tomorrow starting at $799. It's available in three configurations including a Core i3, Core i5, and Core i7.
British couple break down in tears as they tell Spanish court how they witnessed killing of Jennifer Mills-Westley
A British couple have described the moment they saw a man calmly stab and decapitate a woman in the aisle of a Tenerife supermarket.
Kenneth and Susan Bennison were giving evidence at the trial of Deyan Deyanov, a homeless and mentally ill Bulgarian man who is accused of murdering a British grandmother in the resort of Los Cristianos on the Spanish island.
Jennifer Mills-Westley, a 60-year-old retired road safety officer originally from Norwich, was stabbed and then beheaded in a shop near the beach on 13 May 2011.
The Bennisons, who live in Warrington, broke down in tears as they described the attack, via videolink, to the provincial court in Santa Cruz de Tenerife.
Susan Bennison said that after hearing a "very strange noise" while shopping in the supermarket, she looked to her right to see a man kneeling on the ground and repeatedly stabbing a woman she had previously passed in the aisle. Asked by Deyanov's defence lawyer, Francisco Beltrán, if she could see the man's face, she answered "yes", adding: "He looked unclean, wild and he did not look human."
Her husband told the jury of nine that there had been no argument or exchange of words between Mills-Westley and the defendant, who, he said, had looked "quite calm" as he attacked her.
"We heard her gasp for breath," said Kenneth Bennison. "He withdrew the knife out of her neck and then put it back in again. That's when I got my wife out of the building."
Answering questions from Ángel García Rodríguez, prosecuting, he added: "I wanted to help but when he pulled the knife out of her neck I realised there was nothing I could do for her."
Police officers, who were identified only by their badge numbers at the hearing, also told the court of the chaotic scenes that greeted them when they arrived at the supermarket.
One said: "When I arrived I saw some of my colleagues running towards a kerb where a security guard was with a restrained person who was covered in blood on the ground. The security guard said they had seen a head, or something like that.
"When we took him to the car, people started to shout: 'Murderer', 'Kill him', 'Hang him'. My colleagues put him in the car and took him to the police station.
"Until then I had not seen the head but people were shouting: 'There is a head, there is a head', and on the kerb opposite there was indeed a head covered by a blanket."
The officer said that after he discovered the head he followed a trail of blood into the shop, where he found the body in a pool of blood.
Yiping Chen, who was working in the shop when Mills-Westley was killed, said Deyanov approached her and twice said: "I have cut off the head of a crazy girl."
It also emerged that police had dealt with Deyanov twice in the days before the attack. One officer who attended the murder scene said he had stopped the defendant about 10 days earlier in Los Cristianos after catching him throwing bottles at a shopping centre.
Another officer said he found Deyanov having a row with a man at a different shopping centre in the resort about a week before the killing.
Deyanov, 29, denies murder. Giving evidence on Monday, he told the court his actions are governed by the voices he hears in his head, which have told him that he is an "angel of Jesus Christ" who will create a new Jerusalem.
He interrupted Wednesday's proceedings by shouting "I am Jesus Christ" in Bulgarian as a police officer gave evidence.
Deyanov has been diagnosed with acute paranoid schizophrenia and has admitted he was a crack cocaine and LSD user. The prosecution is asking for him be sentenced to 20 years in a psychiatric unit.
The case continues.
Victorian scientists originally thought our close cousins, the Neanderthals, were little more than dumb brutes; an image which has seeped into popular culture and still persists to this day. Subsequent discoveries have helped rehabilitate the Neanderthals' image, revealing that had a brain bigger than our own! They were capable hunters, excellent toolmakers and even buried their dead. However, whilst it's clear Neanderthals were more advanced than the Victorians thought there were still many differences between us.
Is language one of them?
Figuring out when language evolved is really difficult given that most of the body parts responsible for speech decay. The palaeoanthropological record contains exactly zero tongues, brains and vocal cords, forcing us to look for other evidence of language. The clearest evidence of modern speech is the creation of symbolic artefacts, such as the famous cave paintings1. However, the earliest unambiguous evidence of symbolism was made by modern humans and dates to ~77,000 years ago2, around 300 – 500 thousand years after we split from Neanderthals3. Does this mean they lacked that symbolic capacity and so didn't have language?
Many researchers believe they actually did, pointing to Neanderthals' anatomy as evidence. Although most of the stuff connected to speech does decay, a few choice pieces remain. The Neanderthal hyoid bone (which anchors many tongue and mouth muscles used in speech) falls within the range of human variation1. Their spine also supports the case for language, revealing they had the muscles needed for fine breathing control, a must for any attempt to talk4.
But just because they could make noises like a human doesn't mean they could talk like us. Language is a complex thing, requiring a whole host of cognitive abilities such as semantics, syntax and all sorts of other fancy words (no pun intended). None of these will be preserved in a fossil. Fortunately we have more than just bones to look at and many scientists are has turning to the Neanderthal genome; examining whether our extinct cousins have any of the genes linked to language.
It turns out that Neanderthals have the human version of FOXP2; a critical gene that helps us control the complex muscle movements in our lips and lungs (amongst other things) needed to talk. Humans born with a damaged version of the gene have difficulty speaking as a result5. The gene may also be linked to language comprehension and processing since many people who have the damaged variant also have difficult creating and organising long sentences, often mixing up word order.
The presence of FOXP2 in the Neanderthal genome has been widely touted as strong evidence they were capable of speech. For example, the National Geographic story on the discovery of FOXP2 in Neanderthals is “Neanderthals had same “language gene” as humans.” Although appropriately cautious, using words like “suggests” and “challenges”, the article does include the quote “From the point of this gene, there is no reason to think that Neandertals did not have language as we do“
However, FOXP2 isn't the only gene linked to language. CNTNAP2 is linked to language development in children, whilst ASPM and MHC1 are associated with being able to pick out different tones. And these 3 other genes are absent from Neanderthals6! On balance it would seem that the genetic evidence does not support the idea that Neanderthals had fully modern linguistic capability.
Nonetheless, the anatomical evidence is hard to ignore. Particularly given that some of it would actually hinder a Neanderthals' chance of survival. The larynx is a valve in the throat that prevents food from getting into the lungs but in human and Neanderthals it has shifted position4, improving the range of sounds but increasing our risk of choking to death. Evolution would not select for these features unless Neanderthals were doing something beneficial with them.
Some researchers have attempted to reconcile this fact with the genetic evidence by suggesting Neanderthals had a sort of “proto-language.” This language would've it was more complex than anything modern primates are capable of. Their anatomy and FOXP2 suggests it would've involved a diverse range of sounds; perhaps on par with humans. However, it would likely not have possessed all the key characteristics of human language; such as a flexible syntax that allows us to create new sentences as we go. Like that one.
Neanderthals are so similar to us that our ancestors interbred with them, yet they're still unlike anything we see today, most likely lacking our capacity for language. I guess that goes to show just how randy ancient Homo sapiens was.
References
d'Errico, F., Henshilwood, C., Lawson, G., Vanhaeren, M., Tillier, A. M., Soressi, M., … & Julien, M. (2003). Archaeological evidence for the emergence of language, symbolism, and music–an alternative multidisciplinary perspective.Journal of World Prehistory, 17(1), 1-70. Henshilwood, C. S., d'Errico, F., & Watts, I. (2009). Engraved ochres from the middle stone Age levels at blombos cave, south Africa. Journal of Human Evolution, 57(1), 27-47. Boyd, R., & Silk, J. B. (2009). How Humans Evolved. WW Norton & Company, New York. Dediu, D., & Levinson, S. C. (2013). On the antiquity of language: the reinterpretation of Neandertal linguistic capacities and its consequences.Frontiers in Psychology, 4, 397. Lai CSL, Fisher SE, Hurst JA, Vargha-Khadem F, Monaco AP (2001). “A forkhead-domain gene is mutated in a severe speech and language disorder”. Nature 413 (6855): 519–23. Berwick, R. C., Hauser, M. D., & Tattersall, I. (2013). Neanderthal language? Just-so stories take center stage. Frontiers in psychology, 4.
Advertisements
TWO YEARS AGO I published a book highly critical of religion, “The End of Faith.” In it, I argued that the world's major religions are genuinely incompatible, inevitably cause conflict and now prevent the emergence of a viable, global civilization. In response, I have received many thousands of letters and e-mails from priests, journalists, scientists, politicians, soldiers, rabbis, actors, aid workers, students — from people young and old who occupy every point on the spectrum of belief and nonbelief.
This has offered me a special opportunity to see how people of all creeds and political persuasions react when religion is criticized. I am here to report that liberals and conservatives respond very differently to the notion that religion can be a direct cause of human conflict.
This difference does not bode well for the future of liberalism.
Perhaps I should establish my liberal bone fides at the outset. I'd like to see taxes raised on the wealthy, drugs decriminalized and homosexuals free to marry. I also think that the Bush administration deserves most of the criticism it has received in the last six years — especially with respect to its waging of the war in Iraq, its scuttling of science and its fiscal irresponsibility.
But my correspondence with liberals has convinced me that liberalism has grown dangerously out of touch with the realities of our world — specifically with what devout Muslims actually believe about the West, about paradise and about the ultimate ascendance of their faith.
On questions of national security, I am now as wary of my fellow liberals as I am of the religious demagogues on the Christian right.
This may seem like frank acquiescence to the charge that “liberals are soft on terrorism.” It is, and they are.
A cult of death is forming in the Muslim world — for reasons that are perfectly explicable in terms of the Islamic doctrines of martyrdom and jihad. The truth is that we are not fighting a “war on terror.” We are fighting a pestilential theology and a longing for paradise.
This is not to say that we are at war with all Muslims. But we are absolutely at war with those who believe that death in defense of the faith is the highest possible good, that cartoonists should be killed for caricaturing the prophet and that any Muslim who loses his faith should be butchered for apostasy.
Unfortunately, such religious extremism is not as fringe a phenomenon as we might hope. Numerous studies have found that the most radicalized Muslims tend to have better-than-average educations and economic opportunities.
Given the degree to which religious ideas are still sheltered from criticism in every society, it is actually possible for a person to have the economic and intellectual resources to build a nuclear bomb — and to believe that he will get 72 virgins in paradise. And yet, despite abundant evidence to the contrary, liberals continue to imagine that Muslim terrorism springs from economic despair, lack of education and American militarism.
At its most extreme, liberal denial has found expression in a growing subculture of conspiracy theorists who believe that the atrocities of 9/11 were orchestrated by our own government. A nationwide poll conducted by the Scripps Survey Research Center at Ohio University found that more than a third of Americans suspect that the federal government “assisted in the 9/11 terrorist attacks or took no action to stop them so the United States could go to war in the Middle East;” 16% believe that the twin towers collapsed not because fully-fueled passenger jets smashed into them but because agents of the Bush administration had secretly rigged them to explode.
Such an astonishing eruption of masochistic unreason could well mark the decline of liberalism, if not the decline of Western civilization. There are books, films and conferences organized around this phantasmagoria, and they offer an unusually clear view of the debilitating dogma that lurks at the heart of liberalism: Western power is utterly malevolent, while the powerless people of the Earth can be counted on to embrace reason and tolerance, if only given sufficient economic opportunities.
I don't know how many more engineers and architects need to blow themselves up, fly planes into buildings or saw the heads off of journalists before this fantasy will dissipate. The truth is that there is every reason to believe that a terrifying number of the world's Muslims now view all political and moral questions in terms of their affiliation with Islam. This leads them to rally to the cause of other Muslims no matter how sociopathic their behavior. This benighted religious solidarity may be the greatest problem facing civilization and yet it is regularly misconstrued, ignored or obfuscated by liberals.
Given the mendacity and shocking incompetence of the Bush administration — especially its mishandling of the war in Iraq — liberals can find much to lament in the conservative approach to fighting the war on terror. Unfortunately, liberals hate the current administration with such fury that they regularly fail to acknowledge just how dangerous and depraved our enemies in the Muslim world are.
Recent condemnations of the Bush administration's use of the phrase “Islamic fascism” are a case in point. There is no question that the phrase is imprecise — Islamists are not technically fascists, and the term ignores a variety of schisms that exist even among Islamists — but it is by no means an example of wartime propaganda, as has been repeatedly alleged by liberals.
In their analyses of U.S. and Israeli foreign policy, liberals can be relied on to overlook the most basic moral distinctions. For instance, they ignore the fact that Muslims intentionally murder noncombatants, while we and the Israelis (as a rule) seek to avoid doing so. Muslims routinely use human shields, and this accounts for much of the collateral damage we and the Israelis cause; the political discourse throughout much of the Muslim world, especially with respect to Jews, is explicitly and unabashedly genocidal.
Given these distinctions, there is no question that the Israelis now hold the moral high ground in their conflict with Hamas and Hezbollah. And yet liberals in the United States and Europe often speak as though the truth were otherwise.
We are entering an age of unchecked nuclear proliferation and, it seems likely, nuclear terrorism. There is, therefore, no future in which aspiring martyrs will make good neighbors for us. Unless liberals realize that there are tens of millions of people in the Muslim world who are far scarier than Dick Cheney, they will be unable to protect civilization from its genuine enemies.
Increasingly, Americans will come to believe that the only people hard-headed enough to fight the religious lunatics of the Muslim world are the religious lunatics of the West. Indeed, it is telling that the people who speak with the greatest moral clarity about the current wars in the Middle East are members of the Christian right, whose infatuation with biblical prophecy is nearly as troubling as the ideology of our enemies. Religious dogmatism is now playing both sides of the board in a very dangerous game.
While liberals should be the ones pointing the way beyond this Iron Age madness, they are rendering themselves increasingly irrelevant. Being generally reasonable and tolerant of diversity, liberals should be especially sensitive to the dangers of religious literalism. But they aren't.
The same failure of liberalism is evident in Western Europe, where the dogma of multiculturalism has left a secular Europe very slow to address the looming problem of religious extremism among its immigrants. The people who speak most sensibly about the threat that Islam poses to Europe are actually fascists.
To say that this does not bode well for liberalism is an understatement: It does not bode well for the future of civilization.
—
Originally published as “Head-in-the-Sand Liberals” in the Los Angeles Times, September 18, 2006
The first thing we need to do is get a clear visual overview of the project, and for this purpose we gather all the various pages/screens that were designed into one document.
All repeatable elements from all pages into one PSD file
We sometimes print out this document on paper, so we can get a good overview of everything together at once. Then we start looking for visual patterns that repeat over different objects or even pages. Typography, sizes, margins, colors — all the parameters that can be translated into a clear cascading style-guide. We even used to annotate the repeating elements using a marker, specifying the fonts, sizes and colors for headings, paragraphs and all other parts of the layout, always looking for common denominators. This annotation process proved essential for planning our CSS classes, and we discovered it's much better to separate this workflow and fully do it before any actual code is written (as opposed to going back and forth between a PSD and a code editor).
Example of printed annotations
The only thing still missing is some sort of easier way to spec the exact measurements of each element so we can also view them all at once and not have to go into Photoshop and check items manually over and over again and manually write them (info panel for sizes, character panel for typography properties, color picker/color panel and then copy-paste color codes). The devil is in the details, and making these specs can save hours of work later, making sure the designs are implemented as close as possible to the original.
This is why we started developing our own tool for measuring and making design specs within Photoshop. It started out as a bunch of scripts that we wrote, that were not so user friendly… but they worked! Not only we got the specs we wanted for coding, but even more importantly we could print out an overview of the project, or make a style-guide even if it was not supplied by the designer. It didn't really matter if we made the design ourselves or collaborated with someone else, this offered us the opportunity to plan our code structure, highlighting special exceptions that require some other coding approach, or even ‘fix' the designs so they are more consistent and follow a clear style-guide. Of course that later in the coding process it also helps tremendously that the specs have all the information (sizes, margins, colors) needed for the CSS parameters.
We started looking at projects from an overview point that was not possible before, and even relinquished the need to physically print the designs. Now we could review all fully specced pages on-screen, giving us a clear style-guide for the project that translates well to meaningful CSS classes that are reused and allow us to harness the power of CSS specificity to the fullest extent.
Full specs for a web page made with SpecKing
We found these scripts so useful for us, so we decided to make a proper plugin panel for Photoshop that we believe would be beneficial to many. We learned to use a few more tools and services (among them the Photoshop API that is not the clearest in the world — but more on that subject on another day…) and launched our own Photoshop plugin. It's called SpecKing, and it saves us hours of work on each project, allowing us to code better and with more style… We have a growing number of users that use our plugin on a daily basis, and we find it important to listen to their comments and suggestions so we can continue evolving the process and keep updating the plugin with more features in the future.
We find that the process we described above — Design, Annotate, Plan, Code — is the most effective for our studio workflow. We would be happy if you give it a try in your projects, and tell us what you think about it…
When a video surfaced of Ben Player being airlifted on a stretcher from Ireland's west coast, it was obvious something fairly serious had taken place.
A ruptured spleen and internal bleeding left Ben fighting for his life on the second day into his trip. Now back at home in Australia, we caught up with him to hear how the bumpy road of recovery is treating him. By his own admission, he hasn't bounced back as quickly as he'd hoped, but he's a couple of coffees down and feeling up to revisiting the trip.
Ben Bottom turns to set up for a solid tube at the Cliffs the day before the accident. © 2019 - John Williams
So this was your first trip to Ireland, what did you make of it?
I loved it! I had expectations of what Ireland would be like but it exceeded them by a country mile. I kind of expected it to be more sparse and kind of like Scotland, but it was so much different. I couldn't believe how warm and generous the people were and how amazing the waves were. Probably one of the best places I've ever been in the world. The first day we surfed this massive right at the Cliffs. Incredible. Scary but incredible. Easily the biggest swell I'd surfed in a long time.
The next day the accident happened right? What the hell happened?
So, the next day after that day at the Cliffs we decided to give this little bowling right hander a shot. The swell was a bit smaller and we thought it could be fun. I did an air 360 and landed on my elbow on flat water, and as any bodyboarder will know, trying to land airs on flat water is bad. My second wave there I did an air 360 and landed on my elbow on flat water. As any bodyboarder will know, trying to land airs on flat water is bad because you have the surface tension of the water making it feel like concrete, and so landing on my elbow on flat water kind of felt like jumping off a roof and landing on my elbow under my stomach. As you could imagine, it winded me like crazy, but then I had this unusual pain that wouldn't go away. It kind of felt like there was a massive pocket of air in my stomach and every time I breathed it hurt. I figured the pain might go away so we got changed and decided to head to Rileys to get some waves there.
The colour in this X-ray shows the blood coming out of Ben's spleen. © 2019 - Ben Player
On the way down I slipped and as I went to correct, I felt this sharp pain in my stomach where the pain had been coming from, but it hurt way more. A few minutes after and I couldn't even get enough energy to lift my head off the rock or call out to my filmer. At that point I knew that something wasn't right. Upon arrival I saw the waves were pumping, but I started getting really tired. Like so tired I couldn't turn my wetsuit inside out so I thought, ok, I'm going to have a little sleep and I'll wake up in half an hour and head out.Ten minutes passed and my body started freaking out. I started getting nausea and a fever, then started shaking. A few minutes after and I couldn't even get enough energy to lift my head off the rock or call out to my filmer buddy, Todd Barnes, a few metres away to let him know I was struggling. Luckily Jamie Mitchell and his mate were close by and could see I was struggling and in pain and asked if I was ok. At that stage I knew I was in trouble. I couldn't even answer them as I couldn't get enough oxygen into my brain to stay conscious. They called out to Todd and he came over to ask if I was ok to which I replied no, I'm not ok. We need to get out of here and to a hospital.
Staying positive. © 2019 - Ben Player
He called all of the boys in and I started to feel a bit better, so I tried to walk out of there with Todd's assistance. But only made it 20 metres before needing to keel over from being so light headed. A few minutes later I felt ok again and tried walking but could only get 10 metres before stopping. Again, I felt better and tried again but only got 5 metres. By the end I was crawling along the rocks trying to get my way out of there. I couldn't get enough oxygen into my brain to stay conscious. Then Todd just put his hand on my shoulder and pushed down and said Ben, you're not going to walk out of here, you're going to kill yourself. We're getting a chopper. Luckily Jack had run to the top of the headland in the meantime and managed to call Pete Conroy (local big wave surfer, firefighter, paramedic, legend). When Pete arrived on the scene, he determined there was no way I was walking out of there and called the Irish Coast Guard for evacuation assistance.
What was the diagnosis?
It was funny, when Pete arrived I was aware of everything that was going on. Even though I felt my body starting to shut down my brain felt like it was more alert than ever, almost like I had the most clarity I had ever had. I told Pete my symptoms and even told him that I thought it one of three possible injuries, internal bleeding, bruised diaphragm or punctured lung as a result of my symptoms which were: localised pain, lack of oxygen and pain breathing in. Pete told me straight away that he thought it was internal bleeding and requested immediate helicopter evacuation.
Ben punts a lofty air forward on a solid one at Aileens. The same manoeuvre he pulled a day later that caused so much damage. © 2019 - John Williams
How did you get out of there?
I had to wait around 15 minutes from that point to get evacuated off the rock ledge. In that time I started convulsing and it felt like I was dying and to be honest I didn't really care. The energy I got was an adrenaline kick to try and save myself and that the peace I felt laying there on the rocks was from an endorphin release as my body was preparing my mind to die. Now, that's a weird thing to say as I pride myself as being the kind of guy that would fight to live at any costs, but right then I didn't care. I was totally at peace and for the first time in my life I didn't care about the future or past, I was just enjoying the present. Enjoying things like the colour of the sky, the touch of a friend's hand and the movement of the clouds. It was amazing. It was incredible. Needless to say they got me out of there and got me to hospital where they diagnosed me with a grade two tears to my spleen and a lot of internal bleeding. I spent the next three days after that in the High Dependency Unit and then an additional three in the ward, but managed to keep my spleen which was good.
A video posted by Jamie Mitchell (@jamie_mitcho) on Mar 16, 2015 at 8:54pm PDT
Later the doctor who first diagnosed me upon being admitted to hospital told me that I was lucky to be alive. That really hit me, I mean, I knew I felt like I was dying but to hear the doctor say that really struck me. I told him about the ordeal on the rocks and he said he thought the slip on the rocks must have torn my spleen open more, that the nausea I was feeling as a result of my very low blood pressure as a result of losing blood into my abdomen. It felt like I was dying and to be honest I didn't really care. The energy I got was an adrenaline kick to try and save myself and that the peace I felt laying there on the rocks was from an endorphin release as my body was preparing my mind to die. I kind of sat there stunned for the rest of the day after that, staring into the sick faces of the other patients of Ward 1D and was in awe of how amazing our bodies are, and how lucky I was to have that experience without dying.
The bottom three X-rays show the 20mm x 15mm tear in Ben's spleen two weeks into recovery. © 2019 - Ben Player
So what's the recovery period looking like?
When I was in hospital, some of the doctors said it would be a three month recovery and other said it would be a six month recovery. It's been really hard to find any solid answers for how long I have to be out of the water because every spleen injury is unique and so is the healing time associated with it. I want to learn as much as I can from that man so in the future I can use that information to save the lives of others. You can't just have a look at the injury to see how it's doing, the only way to know is by pushing your body physically and feeling it out, or getting another Cat Scan, but seeing as they fill your body with almost as much radiation as a small nuke bomb I'm trying to steer away from that. It's frustrating to say the least because I can't even aim toward a date for recovery, but have decided to start light exercise six weeks after the injury (end of April) and then see how my body copes with it. The important thing is that I don't re-tear my spleen and risk more internal bleeding so I have to go slow. I hope I can do the first events of the tour in July, I'm aiming to compete in them but it's all up to my body to heal my spleen in time.
Did you manage to get much exploration in before the accident?
No, not really. But I did experience enough to know that I am going to get back to Ireland next year. I want to go spend a good few months there to really explore it all and get to know it and the amazing people there. I have also decided that I really want to spend some time with Pete and learn from his knowledge of big wave surfing, jet ski assistance, water safety, risk management, injury assessment, injury management, evacuation procedures, etc. Basically, I want to learn as much as I can from that man so in the future I can use that information to save the lives of others, or even use it to share with someone else to save my life. I had a realisation of how underprepared I was for that situation and that was pretty irresponsible. I guess after the injury I had a realisation of how underprepared I was for that situation and that was pretty irresponsible as there are risks involved with being a surfer and we need to be prepared to manage the outcome of those risks when they happen and shouldn't be reliant on others to save us. Most surfers are aware of the risks, but very few are actually prepared to manage the situation if those risks become a reality. I want to take a leaf out of Pete's book and start being a bit more responsible for my actions and have the skills to save someone else's life if I need, or even being able to save my life if another accident happens again.
Loop variations at The Cliffs. © 2019 - John Williams
You did a Scotland trip a while back, did that trip spark the idea to head to Ireland?
Yeah, I visited Scotland with Jack (Johns) back in 2012 and loved it. I was completely blown away by the place and ended up staying for three weeks. I always planned on heading back up to spend more time up there. There's something so exciting about not only challenging yourself in riding the waves, but also challenging yourself in the elements. Luckily for me, a trip came together and I returned earlier this year and spent five weeks up there chasing waves around. It was incredible, frighteningly cold, but incredible. Jack actually came up to Scotland again with me this year which was rad, he's a great dude and knows a lot about the region. He was keeping an eye on the charts for Ireland and saw that swell so we decided to head down for it.
So despite being from water climes yourself, you're not afraid of a cold water trip?
To me, the new frontier of surfing is in cold water climates. There's something so exciting about not only challenging yourself in riding the waves, but also challenging yourself in the elements. After all, that's what surfing is all about isn't it: removing yourself from your comfort zone and learning new things about yourself and the world around you by doing it? Guess you could say that reflecting on this past trip that is the perfect way to define its success. I went away to new frontiers and even though I almost died, I learnt new things about myself and the world around me and as a result I feel that I have grown.
Tom Gillespie during the session that saw Ben airlifted. © 2019 - John Williams
After my colleague, James Kendrick, recently wrote about his decision to finally pull the trigger on an iPad 2, I decided to write a post of my own. Since I bought mine just under 2 months ago, that means it's new enough to still have that "new car scent," but old enough to have to given me enough time to have a bona fide opinion of it.
Alright, so, I know I'm a little bit late to this party and the iPad 2 is old news to many of you, but I'm only just now discovering the sheer awesomeness of this device and exactly what it is that every other tablet manufacturer out there is up against. My iPad has shown me that I've been making uninformed statements for far too long now where anything coming close to competing against it is concerned.
Allow me to explain.
As some of you may recall, I wrote a fairly definitive piece a while back in regards to why I'm not a tablet guy. I came to that conclusion after deciding to get into the tablet market on-the-cheap by purchasing a Nook Color, installing CM7 on it, and seeing how I fared from there. If I felt compelled to step up from there cost- and hardware-wise, then I would have. Well, after about a week-and-a-half or so, I found myself not using it at all. As such, I sold it and said, "That's it, I'm not a tablet guy!"
Then, I bought an iPad 2.
It was in mid-September at Microsoft's BUILD conference where I was around a number of my techie friends who sported Apple devices of all types. Seeing the ease and convenience of my friend's iPad while we were hanging out in the hotel lobby one night compelled me (see: tablet envy). Coupled with the fact that everyone was getting a tablet device at the conference except for press (which included yours truly), I headed off to Best Buy and whimsically made my purchase (including a wireless Bluetooth keyboard and a leather version of one of those spiffy folding covers).
That's been just under two months ago now and I've been glued to the thing all the while. I hate to say it since I've been so against Apple's price points, but between my new iPad, my new MacBook Air, and previously having owned an iPod Touch, I'm officially in love with the form factor of Apple's devices. Am I fan of the price? No. Am I a fan of OS X? No. Apple products aren't without their bugs, as I've learned with my MacBook Air, but I just love iOS, the form factor of their hardware, and the iPad itself, which has truly enriched my life. No, seriously.
My iPad has totally destroyed the perception of myself as an individual who wouldn't make use of a tablet device. It has also totally destroyed my opinions of any other tablet out there standing a chance of competing against not just the device, but the app ecosystem and iOS on a tablet device. Not indefinitely, since even the strongest of tides have a way of turning, but I don't see any real 1:1 competition for the iPad for a very long time.
As I noted earlier, this thing has been practically glued to my hands since I bought it. It's just so convenient and full of realized potential, which is something I feel the other tablets I've tried lack: realized potential. Plenty of tablets have potential, but not realized potential. To demonstrate that point, I'll start with myself and my interests. Personally, I'm in love with search and data. I'm a musician, gamer, researcher, and writer -- amongst other things -- and guess what? Every single one of these facets that comprise the make of my being all have outlets for which to express themselves on the iPad, thanks to the insane amount and types of apps on it.
And before you Android fans chime in, I'm an Android fan, too. I've been using Android since it first hit a device, so when I mention that whole potential vs. realized potential thing, the quality and types of apps between the two platforms/markets is encompassed therein. I think Android will catch up, but it's got a ways to go. In other words, the iPad either has better, more functional/polished apps than most (I didn't say all; I said most) Android equivalents I've used, or it has apps that Android doesn't (yet).
[ See: iPhone 5 and iPad 3 concepts ]
All that to say, I absolutely, unequivocally love my iPad 2. I am amazed by how much I've managed to find to use this thing for, and almost 2 months later, I'm still finding new uses and implementations. It took a good month or so to adjust to using the iPad for more than I think it was intended for, but therein lies more of that realized potential I keep mentioning. For instance:
I can create drum beats, synth lines, and bass lines -- all in individual apps -- then import those samples/tracks into a separate multi-track app which allows me to record my guitar that I've plugged into my iPad, then mix the whole thing down and export it all to one track. I'm not talking about some cutesy, novelty guitar app that lets you strum virtual strings, no; I'm talking about the iPad as a full-fledged, ultra-portable DAW (Digital Audio Workstation). Who would've thunk it? No one, when the iPad first hit the shelves! But it had the potential, obviously. And that potential has been realized.
So, here I use Android for my mobile phone needs, Windows for my PC needs, and iOS for my tablet needs. And, hey... I even get to combine some combination of them sometimes. With that said, I'll continue to give varying devices the fair shakes they deserve, since I'm just in love with technology in general, but where tablets are concerned, the bar has been set pretty darn high. And I realize that bar was set within the industry long before it was set for me, personally, but now I get it. It's not about cost or sub-standard components; it's about the final product and everything it does, thanks to the incredibly strong app market.
Criticisms
You didn't think I was just going to slobber all over this thing without detailing some critiques, did you?
While I think the iPad is ultimately peerless for the time being, it's not flawless. Since its app store is so locked down, unless you jailbreak the iPad and install Cydia, there are some things you just can't do that you can with Android, like installation game emulators and play your favorite roms. Yes, I use my iPad for more than gaming, but I'm a retro gamer, and despite the fact that I hate software-based controls (like the d-pad, buttons, etc.), I'd love to be able to fire up my iPad and play NES or SNES. I understand that's a matter of legalities, though, and not a fault of the device or app market, but still.
Additionally, there are some things the app store could benefit from, such as giving you the option to add an app to a favorites/wish list. I can't even believe they don't have such functionality built into the market. Like, it seriously boggles my mind that such an obvious need isn't there. And if it is, they sure don't make it easy to find when you're on the home page of an app. I'm as quick to buy a 99-cent app as anyone, but when I start browsing the app store and I see 10 new apps I want, I may not be ready to pull the trigger on the 5 or 6 that cost anywhere from $5.00-20.00!
Lastly, I'd like to clarify that I really do love Android as well, but as a mobile phone OS. Android definitely gives you more freedom without having to hack anything, but I still stand by my opinions as per my comparison of the two in the context of the tablet arena.
Ultimately, if you're not using an iPad simply because you're brand-loyal and/or anti-Apple, then there's a good chance that you're selling yourself short. I totally get it if you're not using one because the perceived value of the device isn't worth the cost (this was my main point of contention ever since the iPad 1 hit the market, until I decided to say "screw it" and jump in with both feet), or if you've used an iPad to some extent and just didn't find it befitting, but if brand loyalty is the only thing keeping you away and you've never even so much as seen an iPad in person, then I recommend you at least check one out. I mean, you won't even have to tell anyone! It can be your naughty little secret. ;)
-Stephen Chapman
Related Content:
How lucrative could the solar energy storage business be for Tesla? Almost as lucrative as selling cars.
That's according to Morgan Stanley, which this week placed a figure—$2 billion—on how much it thinks Tesla could make in annual revenue from solar energy storage. That's assuming that its “gigafactory”—a massive lithium-ion battery production facility, which is currently still in the planning stages—is up and running by the end of the decade.
To put that number into context, Tesla's annual revenue last year, when it sold about 22,000 vehicles, was… $2.01 billion. Of course, this can be expected to be much higher by the time the gigafactory is completed, but the comparison still reinforces the idea that Tesla is much more than just simply an automaker. The factory, currently slated for completion in 2020, has reportedly signed up Japanese industrial giant Panasonic as a partner.
Earlier this year, Morgan Stanley received some stinging criticism when it released some fairly ebullient research on Tesla (calling it “arguably the most important auto company in the world). That helped lift the electric carmaker's share price just days before it raised $1.6 billion in fresh capital to help fund the gigafactory. The fundraising round was underwritten in part by none other than Morgan Stanley.
The central thrust of the bank's thesis was (as I put it) that Tesla's most disruptive product might not actually be its cars, but its batteries. Analysts, and not just those from Morgan Stanley, think that once Tesla's gigafactory is producing to scale, those batteries could be used to power everything from drones to consumer electronics devices.
But aside from cars, the most plausible use case remains solar power storage, whereby a house could capture solar energy through a panel installed on its roof—perhaps even one made by Solar City, one of Musk's other companies—and then store that energy in the basement using Tesla-made batteries.
Here's an excerpt from Morgan Stanley's latest note:
Given the relatively high cost of the power grid, we think that customers in parts of the US and Europe may seek to avoid utility grid fees by going “off-grid” through a combination of solar power and energy storage. We believe there is not sufficient appreciation of the magnitude of energy storage cost reduction that Tesla has already achieved, nor of the further cost reduction magnitude that Tesla might be able to achieve once the company has constructed its “Gigafactory,” targeted for completion later in the decade.
Morgan Stanley gets to the $2 billion number by forecasting that Tesla's batteries could eventually store more than 10 gigawatt hours of energy per year. Which is a lot of power—enough to run the average home for 1,000 years—but still a tiny fraction of overall energy consumption in the US.
Image: Flickr / Kevin Utting
Right now we're being watched. It might not be literal watching: it might be that a computer somewhere, owned by a government or a corporation, is collecting or mining the crumbs of data we all left around the world today. You probably know all this. But apart from the targeted ads, it's often difficult to grasp just what that watching means, now and down the road.
That's at least one reason we need to start scrambling our tracks. "Our data will be shared, bought, sold, analyzed and applied, all of which will have consequences for our lives," Finn Brunton and Helen Nissenbaum write in Obfuscation: A User's Guide for Privacy and Protest. "Will you get a loan, or an apartment, for which you applied? How much of an insurance risk or a credit risk are you? What guides the advertising you receive? How do so many companies and services know that you're pregnant, or struggling with an addiction, or planning to change jobs? Why do different cohorts, different populations and different neighborhoods receive different allocations of resources? Are you going to be, as the sinister phrase of our current moment of data-driven antiterrorism has it, 'on a list'?"
When it comes to maintaining their digital privacy, many people probably think about software like encrypted messaging apps and Tor browsers. But as Brunton and Nissenbaum detail in Obfuscation, there are many other ways to hide one's digital trail. Obfuscation, the first book-length look at the topic, contains a wealth of ideas for prankish disobedience, analysis-frustrating techniques, and other methods of collective protest. The aim, as Brunton tells Motherboard, was to create an approach that could be adopted by people without access or training to the best tools, or in situations where they can't get away with using strong crypto, for instance.
Signal Downloads Spiked After Election Results
The project has its roots in the days before Edward Snowden's revelations. In 2011, Brunton and Nissenbaum, who are both professors at NYU focused on technology and privacy, struck up a conversation about Nissenbaum's TrackMeNot project, a lightweight Firefox browser extension that periodically makes false web queries to confuse online tracking technologies. Brunton mentioned his interest in decades-old techniques for concealing one's position from radar detection, and particularly in chaff, the material used by military planes to confuse enemy radar signals.
Chaff are strips of black paper backed with aluminum foil, cut to half the target's wavelength. When released by the pound from an invading airplane, the material can fill a radar screen with more signals than a human operator can handle—a "perfect and intuitive example" of signal obfuscation, says Brunton.
You figure out what you need—time—and what your adversary is looking for—radar pings—and you give them an overload of precisely that
"For those situations when you can't escape observation—you can't decide to not fly, you can't choose to fly in a radar-transparent plane—you figure out what you need—time—and what your adversary is looking for—radar pings—and you give them an overload of precisely that," he says. "Fake signals that conceal the real one, buying you the minutes you need in a cloud of 'false echoes'.
"In the course of trading ideas back and forth, we suddenly realized there was a shared shape to these two problems," he recalls.
But in an environment made of data, a world of laptops, desktops and mobile devices, different strategies are required. Each piece of technology may require a variety of tactics at once. "One of the pertinent issues about obfuscation is its increasing utility for our mobile environment where more and more of our data and activity are offloaded to the cloud, where tools for generating a proliferation of ambiguous, confusing, and misleading data are especially useful," Brunton says. "That's one of the most promising areas for future research."
Brunton and Nissenbaum also see a social purpose in obfuscation, born out of a responsibility that those who have "nothing to hide" owe to those who might: "to conceal, muddle, and obfuscate our activities precisely to confuse the construction of normalcy that can be used to identify the abnormal and secretive." Uploading or appearing to upload non-sensitive material to a whistleblowing website, for instance, could help bury the identity of a leaker in noise, which "helps protect the one who really needs it."
Finn Brunton
Ruin Your Google Search History With One Click Using This Website
Excessive documentation is a similar tactic. If a user is obliged to provide documents and materials, rather than turning over specific documents, they might hand over a massive ream. It is both a delaying tactic, and a way of burying whatever information could be of use to the adversary. Think of sending pallets of documents in a court case to frustrate prosecutors, a tactic that can be used by good and bad actors, from dissidents to misbehaving governments.
A multi-use name can also be used for privacy purposes. The hacktivist group Anonymous is a recent example, but collective name projects go back centuries to include the British Luddite's "Captain Swing" and "Poor Conrad," the name used by secret peasants groups in rebellion against the Duke of Württemberg in 16th century Germany. Brunton deems this a good approach to concealing the actions of any one individual within the actions of many. Anonymous, Brunton writes, refuses "the culture of celebrity, publicity, and reputation for any one person."
Still, many of us are easily named and tracked by a system that a pseudonym alone can't foil. "Everyday internet users are trivially identified through things like cookies and browser fingerprinting," he writes. "Collective names—unless handled with the deliberate care and opsec that characterizes the best Anonymous operations—are more of a gesture than protection and should be treated as such." While Tor and strong encryption can foil spies, governments still rely on a wide array of legal and technical tools to unmask internet users and break through passwords. In the U.S. those tools are aimed at terrorists and criminals that officials warn are "going dark"; in countries with poorer human rights records, those tools can be aimed at dissidents and journalists.
For Brunton and Nissenbaum, one exemplary instance of hiding in plain sight was Operation Vula. This covert action in apartheid South Africa was remarkable for its time: a secret communication network built on cryptic phone calls, a cipher, a recorder, and a personal computer.
In the mid 1980s, leaders of the African National Congress in South Africa needed a way to communicate with the imprisoned Nelson Mandela, as well as sympathizers and generals around the world. First, the ANC encrypted a message on a personal computer using simple one-time pads. Then, they expressed the ciphered message, as Brunton and Nissenbaum explain, as a "rapid series of tones recorded onto a portable cassette player." An agent would then visit a public pay phone and dial a London phone number, which was routed to an answering machine that one of the network's architects had modified so that it recorded up to five minutes worth of sound.
The agent placing the call would play that recording into the phone mouthpiece, and the tones recorded on the receiving end were then played on an acoustic modem into a computer and, finally, decrypted.
"For me, the crucial thing about Operation Vula is that it shows a full, complex covert system in action— that it's not about single magic fixes but a lot of different elements carefully implemented together: encryption, tradecraft, help from people with specialized skill-sets and occupations, and obfuscation," Brunton says. "They encrypted their communications, but also found a context where encrypted messages wouldn't arouse suspicion or be singled out for particular scrutiny."
Brunton sees Operation Vula as proof that there are no single "turnkey solutions" for privacy in the internet age, and plenty of peril. Systems like the kind Operation Vula used can be deceptively simple, requiring not only technical know-how but persistence: regimens like this can be difficult and tiring to abide by, perfectly, and all the time.
I Replaced My Fingerprints With Prosthetics to Avoid Surveillance
The advance of technology means that old methods are easily made obsolete. Brunton points to facial recognition and routine video surveillance as two of the trends that will require new solutions. There are emerging methods for foiling face recognition systems, like strange makeup or eyeglasses, for instance, but these may be short lived as software and hardware advance. Whatever happens, Brunton sees a crisis in the making for a free society.
What of the ethics of obfuscation? While critics might see individuals misleading and misdirecting businesses and states as inherently dishonest, Brunton and Nissenbaum generally believe the ends justify the means. For them, limiting corporate or government data mining is, in most instances, ethically defensible.
Social media services and data brokers might argue that obfuscation tactics pollute the data flow, contaminating its integrity. For Brunton and Nissenbaum, "[d]ata pollution is unethical only when the integrity of the data flow or data set in question is ethically required." The data repository must have general value and in this case, the authors argue, not just value for the data collector, overriding the interests of the obfuscator. (It could be argued that when Google and others mine or data, they aren't just doing it for their investors, but to create better services for users. But this doesn't seem to pass Brunton and Nissenbaum's test.)
Obfuscation ethics gets a bit more complex when it comes to the issue of free riding. If a user has an ad blocker turned on, Brunton and Nissenbaum acknowledge that Facebook and Foursquare can legitimately ask whether these users are free riding off their services, not fulfilling their end of a terms of service agreement. But if the obfuscation method is freely available and doesn't put other non-obfuscators at a disadvantage, then the authors believe there is "no moral wrong." If, on the other hand, the method isn't freely available to the average user, and puts non-obfuscators at a disadvantage, then the ethics need further probing.
A mask from Fabrica's Anti-NIS accessories line. Image: Fabrica.
Governments and corporations are likely to continue to fight obfuscation, but they will always be engaged in battle with those seeking privacy
In the L.A. Review Of Books, critic Rob Horning worries about the unintended effects of "muddying the waters": "Our phony data may feed into algorithmic models determining whether other people will receive discounts, get offered loans, or end up on government watch lists." And generally, obfuscation isn't just hard and complicated. Horning warns that its strategies have little effect on weakening the systems of power they try to avoid, and may be counterproductive.
"They provide means of getting along under conditions of enemy occupation, not strategies of revolution or resistance," he writes. "They consolidate rather than dismantle the asymmetries of power; they are fugitive, rearguard actions in the midst of an ongoing collective surrender. As clever and satisfyingly creative as obfuscation's false flags, diversions, and decoys can be, they do not speak truth to power so much as mock it behind its back."
We're Winning The Crypto Wars
Brunton and Nissenbaum do not propose obfuscation as a be-all-end-all approach to surveillance, but rather a starting point, and as one tool among many. And as technology evolves, and deepens the electronic web we live in, obfuscation techniques will also evolve. Governments and corporations are likely to continue to fight obfuscation, but they will always be engaged in battle with those seeking privacy, both for themselves and for society at large.
The book, its authors imply, is as much a handbook for today as it is a primer for tomorrow. If the prophecies about data collection are true, obfuscators, stopping or at least disrupting information asymmetry between powerful businesses and states and often unaware users, can help to level an inherently uneven playing field. Perhaps then, the book implies, those who hide won't be dishonest sneaks but rather critical players, essential in the effort to take back power, little by little.
(Reuters) - Airlines were racing against the clock to clear as many customers as possible from the likely Florida path of Hurricane Irma, as social and political pressure mounted for carriers to play a bigger role in aiding evacuations.
Police patrol the area as Hurricane Irma slams across islands in the northern Caribbean on Wednesday, in San Juan, Puerto Rico. REUTERS/Alvin Baez
As the powerful storm threatened to rip through the Florida coast by Sunday, airlines ramped up the number of flights available out of south Florida airports, where operations were likely to temporarily cease through the weekend and beyond.
But flights out of the area remained extremely limited. At Miami International Airport, many outbound flights were canceled, leaving residents scrambling to rebook to anywhere outside the path of the storm.
American Airlines, which has one of the larger operations in south Florida, said on Thursday it had added 16 flights out of Miami, amid more than 2,400 forced cancellations through Monday.
Delta Air Lines Inc said it had upsized aircraft and added flights to increase the number of available outgoing seats by 2,000. United Airlines added six flights out of Miami to its hubs, including Newark, New Jersey, and Chicago O'Hare.
All three carriers said they planned to mostly wind down south Florida operations by Friday evening.
In areas already pummeled by the powerful storm, flight operations had been rolled back and halted altogether.
A Delta-operated flight from New York to San Juan, Puerto Rico, and back, made headlines for narrowly avoiding the storm in a mission to evacuate another plane-full of passengers from the area ahead of Irma's landfall.
Flight-tracking website FlightRadar24.com saw the plane land for one last departure in the U.S. territory located squarely in the path of Irma's landfall, fill with passengers, and make its successful flight back to New York on Wednesday. Other airlines had already ceased operations in the region.
PRICE-GOUGING
As residents sought to secure last-minute flights out of the dangerous Category 5 storm's path, airlines faced accusations of trying to capitalize on the panic and chaos by price gouging.
Under pressure from some members of Congress following social media reports, airlines have taken the unusual step of publicly announcing price caps on tickets out of areas in Irma's course.
Early on, carrier JetBlue capped flights out of the area at $99, and other carriers followed suit, capping fares at between $99 and $399 a ticket.
But while airlines offered some cheap flights out of south Florida after complaints, passengers said that did little good if all the flights were fully booked or canceled.
Medical student Eric Slabaugh said he was dismayed by ticket prices over $2,000 when he started looking for flights earlier this week. He got a ticket to Detroit for $700, he said, “because nobody wants to go there.”
“Publix can't charge $50 for a case of water without getting accused of price gouging, but airlines can charge 50 times the price of a normal ticket. I don't think that's fair,” Slabaugh said.
Airlines' customer service practices have come under fire in recent months, and just last year, U.S. carriers were cleared in a federal investigation regarding exorbitant fare mark-ups in the wake of a deadly Amtrak derailment that drove up demand for air travel on some routes.
Senator Bill Nelson, a Florida Democrat who had been pressuring airlines to aid in evacuating Florida residents, spoke with airline executives on Thursday and urged them to add more flight outs of Florida.
His office said Nelson is “pleased” airlines were doing everything they could to “help get impacted Floridians to safety.”
The Federal Aviation Administration is holding twice daily phone calls with airlines to talk about airport conditions, but does not plan to close the Miami airport on Friday, officials said.
Airlines are still planning for airport closures, however, and said they expect their operations to be impacted in the region at least through the weekend.
Also affected by the storm, Carnival Cruise Lines, which has major operations out of Florida ports, said on Thursday it had canceled four of its Caribbean cruises, though it still planned to operate several more under modified itineraries.
Delisted devices are stripped of their rank and scores. In this instance, several Samsung and HTC devices are accused of breaking Futuremark's benchmarking rules. Futuremark didn't elaborate on which specific rule(s) these devices broke, but a look at the company's benchmarking policies reveals that hardware makers aren't allowed to make optimizations specific to 3DMark, nor are platforms allowed to detect the launch of the benchmark executable (unless it's needed to enable multi-GPU and/or there's a known conflict that would prevent it from running).
Benchmarking is serious business, and we're not saying that tongue-in-cheek. Buying decisions are often made based on how well a product benchmarks, which is why we spend so much time putting hot (and sometimes not-so-hot) hardware through their paces. However, benchmarks are only meaningful when there's a level playing field, and when companies try to 'game' the business of benchmarking, it's not only a form of cheating, it also bamboozles potential buyers who (rightfully) assume the numbers are supposed mean something.We bring this up because Futuremark just delisted a bunch of devices from its 3DMark benchmark because it suspects foul play is at hand. Here's a look at the devices in question:"People rely on Futuremark benchmarks to produce accurate and unbiased results. That's why we have clear rules for hardware manufacturers and software developers that specify how a platform can interact with our benchmark software," Futuremark said in statement. "In simple terms, a device must run our benchmarks without modification as if they were any other application."Futuremark updated 3DMark for Android , which you can grab from Google Play. In addition to delisting suspicious devices, the new versions now allow you to filter scores by color-coded OS in the Device Channel and improves compatibility with the lastest NVIDIA hardware and some Samsung Galaxy S3 models.
The North's Minister of Health Michelle O'Neill was confirmed as Sinn Féin's leader in Northern Ireland on Monday and is now in line to be the North's next Deputy First Minister – or even joint First Minister depending on the result of the election.
Sinn Féin president Gerry Adams made the announcement in the Long Gallery of Parliament Buildings, Stormont, this afternoon.
Also present were Martin McGuinness, who last week confirmed he would not be standing in Foyle in the Assembly elections in March, and TD Mary Lou McDonald, seen as a potential successor to Mr Adams when he stands down.
Mr McGuinness, in handing over the baton, described Ms O'Neill “as a young woman of incredible ability who has risen to the leadership of Sinn Féin in the North”.
Mr McGuinness said he was just standing down from Foyle and not retreating from politics. “I have not gone away, you know,” he told supporters in the Long Gallery.
Ms O'Neill, a former local councillor, has been an Assembly member for Mid-Ulster since 2007. She is currently Minister for Health, a position she will hold until the election on March 2nd, and was a former minister of agriculture.
From Clonoe in Co Tyrone, Ms O'Neill is a 40-year-old Sinn Féin career politician whose appointment marks a break with the past. The other chief contender for the post, Conor Murphy, who for a number of years was viewed as Mr McGuinness's likeliest successor, is from south Armagh.
A senior Sinn Féin negotiator, he joined the IRA during the hunger strikes in 1981. The following year he was sentenced to five years in prison for IRA membership and possession of explosives.
Ms O'Neill, unlike Mr Murphy, does not have an IRA past, a factor viewed as significant. The fact that Mr Murphy was overlooked for the post seems to cement the point made by Mr McGuinness last week that he was handing over to a “new generation of republicans” the responsibility of leading Sinn Féin into the election campaign and the expected negotiations thereafter.
Both Mr Adams and Mr McGuinness referred to “generational” change when congratulating Ms O'Neill.
Since the crisis over the flawed Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) erupted before Christmas, Ms O'Neill was given a lead role in arguing and defending Sinn Féin's position. She is viewed as friendly, personable, articulate, well-briefed and confident in debate.
She described her appointment as a privilege and an honour. “I will not let you down,” she told Mr McGuinness and supporters after Mr Adams confirmed her appointment.
Ms O'Neill will now lead Sinn Féin in the Assembly election campaign. Should Stormont be restored Ms O'Neill would be elected Deputy First Minister if Sinn Féin emerges again as the second largest party. If it has more seats than the DUP then she could be joint First Minister – Sinn Féin has stated it will seek to change the current titles of First Minister and Deputy First Minister to joint First Ministers if it is the largest party.
Ms O'Neill is married to Paddy O'Neill and they have two children, son Ryan and daughter Saoirse. She is a daughter of Brendan and Michelle Doris.
Her late father, a former IRA prisoner and Sinn Féin councillor, encouraged her political career. In 2005 she was elected to her father's seat on Dungannon and South Tyrone Borough Council in 2005. She was the first female mayor of Dungannon in 2010. Her mother and children and brother Brian were at Stormont for the announcement.
Ms O'Neill has worked in the Assembly since 1998 where she was a political adviser to Mid-Ulster MP and former MLA Francie Molloy.
As Minister for Health, a post she took up in May last year, she has been involved in trying to overhaul Northern Ireland's health service. One of her biggest challenges was trying to get to grips with the mounting hospital waiting lists. In late October she launched her 10-year “vision” for a “radical transformation” of the current health and social care system which she said was now at “breaking point”.
Her plan, “Health and Wellbeing 2026: Delivering Together”, was based on the 10-year “roadmap” proposed by an expert panel led by former Basque country minister for health Prof Rafael Bengoa.
Ms O'Neill also warned that if action wasn't taken, health eventually would eat up 90 per cent of the Northern Executive's budget. She launched the plan less than three months ago when relations between the DUP and Sinn Féin seemed positive.
She said the plan and the Bengoa report had the full support of the DUP/Sinn Féin-dominated Executive. She said she would report to the Assembly every six months on how the 10-year “roadmap” was being implemented. “This is a positive day, this is a fresh start for health,” she said.
Ms O'Neill was appointed minister of agriculture and rural development in 2011. She was caught in controversy when the following year she announced her department was moving to a former British army barracks in Ballykelly, Co Derry.
It later transpired that Strabane was chosen as a more suitable location in an internal departmental assessment but that this was overruled by Ms O'Neill. The former DUP finance minister Sammy Wilson also questioned her decision.
Ms O'Neill is a GAA enthusiast and a member of her local club, Clonoe O'Rahilly's.
The government of Saskatchewan says the Lighthouse's 38-bed emergency stabilization unit in Saskatoon is not producing results.
Officials said only five people who sought refuge at the Lighthouse last year were able to transition to stable housing.
Citing the provincial auditor's report last December, officials in a news release today said a recent review showed "many individuals were receiving shelter services through multiple avenues."
Right now, individuals are asked to pay $30 per night to stay at The Lighthouse.
Emergency shelter coverage reduced
The Lighthouse has three sections: overnight beds in its stabilization unit, transitional housing, and a supported living unit which opened in 2012. (Don Somers/CBC) Those who cannot afford the overnight fee must prove to the Ministry of Social Services they have nowhere else to go. If officials approve the request, a per diem for $68.50 per night is sent to the Lighthouse.
However, Lighthouse staff noted last year almost half the people who come seeking shelter were denied any coverage by the province.
Most often, that's because the province has already paid the person's rent elsewhere.
Last year, the province said it spent $1.15 million on the Lighthouse, to support 61 shelter beds per night. Officials said the Lighthouse's billing procedures have been restructured, to avoid double-dipping.
Nowhere else to go
Shaun Dyck, executive director of the Saskatoon Housing Initiatives Partnership, warned that any cuts to emergency stabilization beds will push more heavily intoxicated people onto the streets. (CBC)
People who work with the homeless say the people who end up in emergency stabilization beds aren't necessarily following any policies set by government.
"They've ended up at the stabilization shelter for a reason," said Shaun Dyck, executive director of the Saskatoon Housing Initiatives Partnership. "Maybe they can't remember their address because they're too intoxicated. Or there might be a risk of violence if they go home."
"Regardless of the reason, they need somewhere that's safe to sleep," Dyck said.
The Lighthouse has typically absorbed the cost of shelter beds for those who cannot pay largely through donations and other sources of income.
Police say emergency shelter beds save lives
Saskatoon police Chief Clive Weighill said there are up to 25 per cent fewer people being booked into police detention cells since the Lighthouse expanded its emergency beds.
We firmly believe people with addictions should not be placed in a cell block. - Saskatoon Police Chief Clive Weighill
He praised the partnership between Saskatoon's health region and the Lighthouse to offer the emergency stabilization shelter beds.
"It was only three years ago we had three deaths in cells in a year and a half period," said Weighill. "A lot of this was attributable to people that are being arrested, we don't know what they've ingested, they go into detention and they don't wake up."
"It's made a big difference to the police service to not have those people locked up," said Saskatoon police Chief Clive Weighill. He said the Lighthouse emergency stabilization beds are a better option for heavily intoxicated people. "They're there with dignity, they have a safe place to stay." (CBC)
Weighill said he hopes to get more clarity soon on the government's funding intentions for the Lighthouse.
"We firmly believe people with addictions should not be placed in a cell block," said Weighill. "It's imperative that people with addictions don't get housed in our cells."
In a news release, the province noted it will continue to support people who do not have an alternate source of shelter, or shelter funding. The Ministry of Social Services said it's under contract to provide $762,000 in base funding to the Lighthouse, and that will not change.
The Saskatoon Health Region said it's paying $623,250 this year to ensure there are nurses, mental health counsellors, and other supports for addicts seeking shelter at The Lighthouse, a move aimed at reducing emergency room visits.
The Ministry of Social Services said it pays for 470 emergency shelter spaces across the province, through the Lighthouse, the Salvation Army, the YWCA, and other partners.
A 16-year study found that we're at a point where more CO2 won't keep increasing plant production, but higher temperatures will decrease it
A new study by scientists at Stanford University, published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, tested whether hotter temperatures and higher carbon dioxide levels that we'll see post-2050 will benefit the kinds of plants that live in California grasslands. They found that carbon dioxide at higher levels than today (400 ppm) did not significantly change plant growth, while higher temperatures had a negative effect.
The oversimplified myth of ‘CO2 is plant food'
Those who benefit from the status quo of burning copious amounts of fossil fuels love to argue that more carbon dioxide in the atmosphere will benefit plant life. It's a favorite claim of climate contrarians like Matt Ridley and Rupert Murdoch.
Rupert Murdoch (@rupertmurdoch) World growing greener with increased carbon. Thirty years of satellite evidence. Forests growing faster and thicker.
It seems like a great counter-argument to the fact that carbon dioxide is a dangerous pollutant – a fact that contrarians often dispute. However, reality is far more complicated than the oversimplification of ‘CO2 is plant food.' Unlike in the controlled environment of a greenhouse, the increasing greenhouse effect on Earth causes temperatures to rise and the climate to change in various ways that can be bad for plant life. We can't control all the other variables the way we can in a greenhouse.
So far, as contrarians like Rupert Murdoch love to point out, the plant food effect has won out. Earth has become greener in recent decades (although that trend may now be reversing). The situation is not unlike a human diet – at relatively low calorie levels, more food is beneficial. But as calorie intake continues to rise, at a certain point it's no longer benefiting the human body. More food is good, but only up to a certain point, as the global obesity epidemic makes clear.
The experiment
The Stanford scientists set up 132 plots of flowers and grass in California and introduced varying levels of carbon dioxide, temperature, water, and nitrogen. The scientists conducted the experiments over 16 growing seasons between 1998 and 2014. They found that only higher nitrogen levels resulted in higher plant productivity, while higher temperatures caused it to decline.
While this experiment was specific to California grasslands, other studies have similarly undermined the ‘more CO2 is great' myth. For example, a 2012 paper found that higher temperatures are detrimental to French corn yields. While French corn production has increased steadily in recent decades due to a combination of technological improvements and CO2 fertilization (the former far more than the latter), yields have leveled off in recent years, and were particularly low when struck by heat waves.
A significant reduction in maize yield is found for each day with a maximum temperature above 32°C, in broad agreement with previous estimates. The recent increase in such hot days has likely contributed to the observed yield stagnation.
Another study published in Nature Climate Change last week concluded that higher temperatures will cause wheat production to decline. Just a 1°C rise in global temperature will decrease wheat yields by about 5% (approximately 35 million tons). Climate change is bad news for several of our staple crops.
Carbon pollution and rapid climate change are dangerous
The evidence thus suggests we're at or near the point where rising atmospheric CO2 levels will no longer benefit overall plant growth, while the rising heat that comes along with that carbon are generally detrimental to plant productivity.
There are also many ways in which dumping more carbon pollution into the atmosphere has negative effects, on plants and also animal species. Climate change is causing increased heat waves, flooding, and other extreme weather events; national security threats; ocean acidification; sea level rise; wide-scale species extinctions; and so on.
There will certainly be some positive climate change outcomes as well, but all evidence suggests the negatives will far outweigh the positives. Cherry picking one possible positive outcome and ignoring all the negatives as an excuse to maintain the status quo is simply a failure of basic risk management. And with a threat as dangerous as global climate change, engaging in proper risk management is incredibly important. Failure is simply not an option.
photo: Pierre Holtz for UNICEF | hdptcar.net
Though the issue of clean water and sanitation hasn't made it onto the environmental radar of late as much as equally critical issues such as global warming, renewable energy or tropical deforestation, it is one of monumental significance. The statistics alone are staggering: 2.6 billion people in the world lack access to sanitary toilet facilities and 1.1 billion people have no access to safe drinking water; diarrhea is the number two killer of children under age 5 in the world, ten times greater than malaria and HIV combined.
Addressing this issue is one of the most important commitments made at this year's Clinton Global Initiative's annual meeting, the so-called "Water & Sanitation Mega-Commitment": Nearly $460 Million Pledged For Water & Sanitation
In total, 15 CGI member organizations have come together in making collectively a commitment nearing $460 million dollars that will improve the very basic quality of life and improve the health of some 6 million of the world's poorest people. There's a lot being done here, to the point that I'm just providing links to the organizations so that readers can delve more into the work these organizations are doing.
This is a summary of the different programs which are part of the mega-commitment.
Aquaya Institute
$25,000 over 1 year
The Aquaya Institute will be undertaking a "Community Level Trial of the PUR Purifier of Water." With support of the Tigerlake Foundation, this San Francisco-based NGO is working with the Safe Water and AIDS Project to develop small safe water vending businesses in Kenya.
Estamos
$2 million over 3 years
A Mozambique-based non-profit, Estamos will be providing "100% Access to Water and Sanitation in 50 Villages". In addition, education about hygiene and HIV/AIDS will be conducted through music and theatre presentations.
Global Action and the Heinrich Family Foundation
$550,000 over 3 Years
In "Implementing Safe Water Interventions in Tanzania" Global Action and the Heinrich Family Foundation will be reducing micronutrient malnutrition and increase access to safe drinking water for 25,000 children living in Tanzania by integrating in-house use micronutrient fortification and water purification interventions.
Global Water Challenge
$25 million over 3-5 years
A Washington DC-based coalition of 22 companies, non-profits, health organizations, and foundations, Global Water Challenge will be funding several innovative new local entrepreneurial water and sanitation projects through their Changemakers competition.
video: Global Water Challenge
More Mega-Commitment projects:
Dr. Hans Blix, former chief of the UN Monitoring, Verification and Inspection Commission (UNMOVIC) between 1999 and 2003, was called to testify at the British Iraq War Inquiry board. He was discussing the findings of the inspection teams in Iraq before the US invasion in 2003 - findings that weren't released until June 2003, months after the invasion began.
Asked about the inspections he oversaw between November 2002 and 18 March 2003 - when his team was forced to pull out of Iraq on the eve of the war - he said he was "looking for smoking guns" but did not find any. While his team discovered prohibited items such as missiles beyond the permitted range, missile engines and a stash of undeclared documents, he said these were "fragments" and not "very important" in the bigger picture. "We carried out about six inspections per day over a long period of time. "All in all, we carried out about 700 inspections at different 500 sites and, in no case, did we find any weapons of mass destruction." Although Iraq failed to comply with some of its disarmament obligations, he added it "was very hard for them to declare any weapons when they did not have any".
It's a popular meme for the conservatives in our country to claim that Saddam didn't allow the inspectors back into the country prior to the 2003 invasion, but in fact he did. The teams had a little over three months before they withdrew, and they only withdrew because they were warned that Iraq was about to become a war zone. It's also a popular meme for the conservatives to even deny that WMDs were the principle justification for the US invasion. The record shows otherwise.
I'm not particularly thrilled by Blix's behavior in 2002-2003. I think he was extremely passive, that he could have done much more prior to the invasion to alert the media and other countries that Iraq really had no WMD program to either threaten Western interests or to arm terrorists. But, like many scientists, he preferred to wait until all the data were in and a full report could be staffed for the United Nations. Now he spends his time trying to make up for that lapse in judgment.
Interestingly, the New York Times covers the same Blix testimony without using the words "weapons of mass destruction" at all. The editors there must have forgotten the paper's history in that department. Or maybe they're just embarrassed by it all.
Buy Photo Edgar Harrell, author of "Out of the Depth: An Unforgettable WWII Story of Survival, Courage, and the Sinking of the USS Indianapolis,” is one of the 36 living survivors from the sinking of the USS Indianapolis on July 30, 1945. Harrell is shown here on July 25, 2014, at the survivors reunion in Indianapolis. (Photo: Michelle Pemberton/The Star)Buy Photo
This story originally published on July 26, 2014.
Corporal Edgar Harrell was a Marine, a 20-year-old kid, who finished his watch on the USS Indianapolis at midnight July 29, 1945. It was unbearably hot, stifling down below where his berth was, so he got permission to make a pallet on deck, right under the barrels of the No. 1 forward turret.
Harrell had just dozed off.
And then, a few minutes into July 30, the world exploded.
The USS Indianapolis, with 1,196 sailors and Marines aboard, was hit by two of six torpedoes fired by a Japanese submarine. The 610-foot-long heavy cruiser was chopped into three sections, all of which were sinking.
Metal groaned and twisted, water churned and rose, and men scrambled and screamed. Three-quarters of the crew would die in the disaster.
CLOSE Reporter Diana Penner interviews Edgar Harrell, one of 317 survivors of the 1945 sinking of the USS Indianapolis on July 30, 1945. Michelle Pemberton / The Star
For years afterward, Harrell and his fellow survivors talked little — if at all — about what happened that night. And when some did, they were dismissed or ignored. But eventually, they not only talked, they hollered — to correct the historical record and to redeem the captain they revered but who got the official blame for the single worst loss of life at sea in the U.S. Navy's history.
One of the few left
This weekend, Harrell, who now lives in Tennessee, was among about a dozen of the remaining 36 survivors of the ship at a reunion in the city that gave the famed vessel its name. Harrell told his story, vivid with details and passion, insistent that it not be forgotten.
He also has chronicled his story in his book, "Out of the Depths: An Unforgettable WWII Story of Survival, Courage, and the Sinking of the USS Indianapolis," which Harrell republished in May after initially self-publishing it in 2005. Harrell's story, like that of his shipmates, is one of harrowing survival and gruesome death, tremendous courage and painful betrayal, and, eventually, redemption, albeit posthumously for many.
That night, in the chaos, the young Harrell, originally from Kentucky, realized he didn't have his drab brown kapok life jacket. He'd left it below. He spied some of the jackets on deck, but waited permission to take one. He also searched for his commanding officer, looking for orders on what to do next. They all waited for the official command to abandon ship. The order came, but really, it was a moot point.
Within 12 minutes, the USS Indianapolis sank. There were few lifeboats. Of the original crew, 900 men went into the water. Some had the life jackets, some didn't, and most bobbed in the water like corks.
Some were severely burned from explosions, some had broken bones and cuts, most were covered with fuel oil loosed in the water as the ship broke into pieces.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Breaking News newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Urgent developments you should know now, not later. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-888-357-7827. Delivery: varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Breaking News Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
How did Edgar Harrell survive?
The gruesome and harrowing story of the next four days was little known in the years right after the war. Harrell didn't talk about it, even privately, for the first few years. They didn't have this label back then, but today, the 89-year-old knows he suffered from post-traumatic stress.
The men in the water faced relentless exposure to the sun, starvation, dehydration — surrounded by water, they had nothing to drink — and fatal saltwater poisoning if they gave in and tried to drink the ocean water. And then there were the sharks.
Harrell found himself in a group of about 80 men that first night, including another Marine, badly injured. Harrell held the man, keeping his head above water, but there was little else he could do.
"He basically died with me holding onto him," Harrell said, lowering his eyes but pausing only slightly. He has told the story many times by now; he knows how to get through it.
"And that first morning, we had sharks."
The men were bobbing in the water, trying to pack together, and fins would appear around them, Harrell recalled. But inevitably, a man would get separated from the group and float off.
"And then you hear a blood-curdling scream," he said. "And then the body would go under, and then that life vest popped back up."
No water to drink
The life vests, crude by today's high-tech standards, would become water-logged and less effective as flotation devices, he recalled. The men figured out they could fashion vests in a way that allowed them to sit on them, sort of like inner tubes, allowing them to keep their heads above water if they maintained the effort, strength and discipline to stay balanced in a seated position.
The thirst and dehydration were unimaginable, Harrell said. Tongues swelled, lips split open and salt caked their eyes and faces as the briny ocean water dried in the sun. In desperation, some men drank the salty water, and those who resisted the impulse soon saw what happened to the brains of those who relented. It took only about an hour, Harrell said, before the hallucinations began for those men. Terrifying, final hallucinations.
By Day 3, only 17 of the original 80 who were with Harrell were still alive.
HISTORIC COLLECTION: Secret USS Indianapolis photos unveiled to survivors
HIS STORY: James O'Donnell, USS Indianapolis
That day, his group spotted what looked like a small raft. A few sailors had found a few ammunition cans and potato or orange crates and figured out a way to lash them together. On the raft, they placed sodden life jackets, which they squeezed as dry as possible, like sponges, then allowed them to further air dry atop the crude raft. That way, they could trade out the jackets and buy themselves more time.
Also that day, Harrell saw another crate floating. He swam to it. Inside were potatoes — mostly rotten, but with some nutrition and moisture in them. He stuffed some in his pockets. He ate, peeling skin and the most rotten parts off with his teeth.
Accidental discovery
It was on the fourth day that finally, and by accident, a U.S. military plane discovered "the boys" in the water, still with sharks all around. That plane couldn't land in water, but summoned help. The pilot, Harrell recalled, didn't even know if the bobbing heads he saw were American or Japanese. It didn't matter. A seaplane and rescue vessels were dispatched.
In all, 317 men were plucked from the ocean. They were moved from emergency to longer-term hospitals. It took years to recover. Harrell was in hospitals for months, a stay extended when his appendix burst and his body was riddled with infection. In those early days of penicillin, Harrell received 11.8 million units of the new antibiotic over 29 days — he remembers it, to the unit, to the day.
And then, the young man basically went home, stopping in Chicago in early 1946 to be discharged from the Marines and in 1947 marrying the pretty brunette who had promised to wait for him. Friday, together in Indianapolis, Edgar and Ola Harrell celebrated their 67th wedding anniversary.
The USS Indianapolis' mission was top secret — few of the crew knew that it was delivering to the island of Tinian key parts and enriched uranium for the atomic bomb used at Hiroshima. After completing that mission, the ship stopped off in Guam and was then sent to Leyte Gulf to prepare for a likely invasion of Japan. En route to the Philippines, disaster struck.
Postwar redemption
As the years unfolded, Harrell and other survivors became angry — that their ship was sent out without a protective destroyer escort, that a cable intercepted before the USS Indianapolis took off from Guam said an attack submarine was in its path but that information wasn't relayed to the ship, that the celebratory transmission about the sinking from the Japanese submarine to Tokyo was intercepted but didn't trigger a rescue effort, and that the skipper of the USS Indianapolis, Capt. Charles Butler McVay III, was held accountable and court-martialed even though critical information had been withheld from him.
"They just sent us into harm's way," Harrell says, in a booming voice and with vehemence. "It was a miscarriage of justice!"
The goal of many of the surviving USS Indianapolis crew was to un-write the inaccurate chronicles of their ship, and to correct the record of McVay.
"We wanted our good captain exonerated," Harrell said.
On Oct. 30, 2000, they got their wish, when McVay was posthumously exonerated by Congress and President Bill Clinton. It was a victory for the USS Indianapolis survivors, but too late for McVay. He committed suicide in 1968.
Harrell and many of his fellow survivors went on with their lives, drawing strength from their faith, family and friends. Forgiveness came — last year, Harrell held on his lap the great-granddaughter of Mochitsura Hashimoto, the commander of the Japanese submarine I-58 that sank the USS Indianapolis. The baby smiled at him; Harrell had tears in his eyes.
And this weekend, Edgar and Ola Harrell were here with their son, grandson and great-grandson, in the embrace of a few remaining survivors and their children, grandchildren and great-grandchildren.
Now, Harrell said, the important thing is that the story is told. The true story.
OLD FRIENDS: Survivors of the USS Indianapolis gather 69 years later
Call Star reporter Diana Penner at (317) 444-6249 and follow her on Twitter @dianapenner.
For more information about Edgar Harrell's story and his book: www.indysurvivor.com.
Read or Share this story: https://indy.st/1mPOZta
Season 13 of Supernatural is just around the corner!
Well, technically, it's still a few months away, but with Comic-Con fast approaching, the crew is getting back to work. Proof? Jensen Ackles posted on Instagram that he is back in Canada and getting ready to say goodbye to his beloved “hiatus beard.” (Because we all know Dean can't eat bacon cheeseburgers and pie with a beard in the way.)
So far, what we know about season 13 is that Castiel has a future, Mark Sheppard's no longer a series regular, there's a Scooby-Doo crossover episode, and Wayward Sisters will get a backdoor pilot.
Check out Ackles' full post below:
And thanks to executive producer Jim Michaels, we also got our first glimpse of Baby's first day back at work:
UPDATE: Jared Padalecki posted his own bearded photo. Season 13 is officially underway!
The UN's annual climate change summit kicks off in Poland today. The stakes are high and the obstacles are serious -- and Australia has sent no minister or parliamentary secretary. But there is some hope for the summit.
"[There is] a general realisation that this is probably the last throw of the dice to meet the target of limiting warming to 2 degrees C."
Will Australia reaffirm its commitment to a range of emissions reduction targets from 5-25%? Given the general verdict that Direct Action would struggle to reach a 5% target, and the blithe dismissal of the Climate Change Authority's insistence on a higher target, this is not guaranteed. Indeed, given the Abbott government's refusal to entertain "any new taxes", it may be unlikely.
The UN wants countries to deliver their pledges by the end of 2014. These would include signals that Australia would move beyond the 5-25% range. But the Abbott government has said it will not budge until 2015, possibly because any greater commitment would beg the question: how?
Australia's commitment to climate finance for developing countries; recent cuts to Australia's aid budget do not bode well.
It's a pity that neither Prime Minister Tony Abbott nor any of his ministers are travelling to Poland for the UN's annual climate change negotiations, which begin in Warsaw today. If Abbott would like to meet his doppelganger on climate change policy, this would have been the perfect occasion. Polish Prime Minister Donald Tusk has achieved on a continental scale what Abbott has only succeeded so far in Australia. Tusk has proudly vetoed any move to increase ambition on renewable energy and emission reduction, and helped ensure that the EU carbon price has become next-to-useless. Abbott should be thankful, because it helped give him the oxygen for the "great big tax" campaign against Australia's carbon price. Poland, like Australia, is heavily reliant on coal. Tusk and his junior coalition partner, the Peasants Party, are suspicious of anything that might upset the primacy of this commodity -- including carbon policies, wind and solar farms, and anything else the coal industry might consider "dangerous". Such is Poland's reputation that this meeting -- the 19th Conference of the Parties , which runs for two weeks and assembles the signatories to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change -- has been dubbed the "Coal COP". These UN talks are being held in the National Stadium and are all about setting the "rules of the game" -- to finally achieve an effective global agreement by the time this climate caravan arrives in Paris in 2015. The worst outcome from Poland would be a repeat of the first match played in this stadium; a 0-0 draw. There is little time to act. Growth in global emissions is slowing, but the amount of carbon is still rising and it must peak before 2020. And, as the UN knows from its experience in Copenhagen, the details of a post-2020 agreement cannot be left to the last moment. So it wants the main agreements to be resolved at an upcoming leaders' summit, and many of the details to be sorted at the next COP in Lima, Peru. That would leave 2015 to dot the i's and cross the t's, so that Paris should be like the finish of the Tour de France, a ceremonial victory lap up and down the Champs-Elysees. There are reasons for renewed hope in these talks -- the recent release of the IPCC's fifth report , the decisive action being taken by China and the US to impose strict environmental regulations on coal, and a general realisation that this is probably the last throw of the dice to meet the target of limiting warming to 2 degrees C. And this is why the actions of the Abbott government will be influential. Nick Robins, an economist from HSBC Bank, says the only negative development since last year's UN climate meeting in Doha has been the Australian government's decision to roll back its carbon price. Australia marks the start of the UN summit by not sending a minister, instead making sure he stays at home to introduce a carbon repeal bill as the first order of business in the new Parliament (this is scheduled for Wednesday).Australia also plays a central role in the talks as lead spokes-country for the Umbrella Group, a key negotiating bloc that includes the US, Russia, Japan, Canada, New Zealand and Norway. The first five countries have announced they are leaving Kyoto -- a decision that causes grief among developing countries. Australia's move on this will be key. Australia is also a key member of the Cartagena Dialogue, a loose coalition of "sensible countries" and a broker between the negotiating extremes. Australia's recent efforts, including throwing insults at the head of the UNFCCC chief over her linking of bushfires and climate change , and the climate science musings of Abbott's inner coterie , have not yet disqualified it from membership. Climate campaigners say Australia has usually "punched above its weight" and been relatively constructive, no matter which party has been in power. How the current team, led by diplomat Justin Lee, performs in the absence of any minister or parliamentary secretary (for the first time in 16 years) and with the domestic rhetoric of the new government, will be fascinating. Here are some key tests:Not everyone swallows the argument that Australia is "doing its bit" in climate action to date, as this graph below indicates. Industrialised countries were supposed to cut their emissions by 40% by 2020 to meet the 2C target. But key countries such as Australia have actually increased their CO2 emissions by almost 60% (excluding land-based emissions). The EU is on track to meet its 20% reduction target while the US is set to achieve its goal of a 17% cut below 2005 levels. Only Russia among the major Annex 1 countries is on course to deliver the required cuts -- as a result of the economic collapse of the Soviet Union. Robins says that to make progress, governments will need to observe five principles: "adequacy" (meeting the 2C goal ); "bravery" (real leadership); "comparability" (transparent and quantifiable pledges); "dynamism" (progressively tighter commitments from 2020 to 2050); and "equity" (respecting both responsibility and the capacity to act). How many of these boxes does the Abbott government tick? Judging by the actions of their first eight weeks in government, probably none. *Giles Parkison is in Europe and will arrive in Poland later this week to report on the two-week summit, which finishes on November 22. Crikey will bring you more from him as the summit unfolds. This story first appeared on RenewEconomy
Eric Campbell was driving on Veteran's Expressway in Tampa, Florida, when he spotted the Florida Highway Patrol cars sitting in the median. Campbell, who was driving the speed limit, did what he's always done: he flashed his high beams to warn oncoming traffic of the speed trap
One of the Florida State Troopers noticed Campbell's efforts to warn oncoming traffic, and a minute later Campbell was being pulled over for his efforts. Advised that his flashing of high beams was illegal, Campbell was cited under Florida statute 316.2397 and given a $100 ticket.
Florida statute 316.2397 is a lengthy one, covering the conditions under which flashing lights are legal on both civilian and emergency vehicles. On civilian vehicles, flashing lights can be used to indicate a stopped vehicle or to signal a turn, but the statute says nothing about the use of headlights to signal other drivers.
By Campbell's logic, and that of his attorney, the Florida Highway Patrol is incorrectly applying state law in an effort to generate revenue, so Campbell has filed a class-action lawsuit against the state. He's seeking a refund of his $100 ticket, plus damages in excess of $15,000.
Case law is on his side as well, since a 2005 court order specified that Florida state law does not specifically prohibit the flashing of headlights.
Campbell isn't the only one ticketed incorrectly; since 2005, there have been over 10,000 motorists in Florida ticketed under the same statute. Punitive damages aside, if all 10,000 motorists participate in Campbell's class-action lawsuit, Florida is looking at the repayment of over $1 million in potentially ill-gotten ticket revenue.
[WTSP]
Menomonee Falls Teacher Charged with Sexual Assault of Student
A former Menomonee Falls teacher and resident of Sussex charged with 12 counts of sexual assault of a student by school staff.
The charges for April Novak stem from incidents with a 16-year-old that occurred from October to December.
On December 11 a teacher reported to Menomonee Falls administration that he observed a male student and Novak, a reading specialist, embraced with a possible kiss in her classroom.
The student told police they engaged sexual intercourse on the couch in her classroom and performed oral sex on each other at least five times.
The contact happened at all times in the classroom during the fourth hour of the school day and did not happen outside of the school.
Novak and student both agreed not to tell anyone about their sexual relationship.
Novak admitted having oral and vaginal sex with the student.
Superintendent Dr. Pat Greco released a statement to parents about the teacher charged with sexual assault of a student:
Dear Families,
We want to inform you that charges have been filed regarding the High School staff member that had an inappropriate relationship with a student. We can now tell you that the staff member is April Novak, who was formerly employed as a reading interventionist at the High School. Ms. Novak was placed on leave on December 11 when the District first became aware of a possible inappropriate relationship between Ms. Novak and a student. Ms. Novak resigned during the school district's investigation and no longer works for the School District of Menomonee Falls. She has been charged with 12 counts of sexual assault of a student by school staff. All of these counts occurred on school grounds during the school day. A criminal complaint detailing the Menomonee Falls Police Department's investigation was filed with the Waukesha County District Attorney today and Ms. Novak had her initial hearing. The safety and well-being of our students is the highest priority for the School District of Menomonee Falls. The District takes this responsibility very seriously and will promptly investigate any concerns regarding student safety while also insuring that any such investigation is handled professionally and respects the confidentiality of all persons involved. The District is prohibited by law from further discussing Ms. Novak's employment with the District or confidential student matters. Counseling staff will be available should your child express any concerns regarding this matter. We have a strong and supportive community here in Menomonee Falls, and we thank you for being part of it. The safety of our students has been and remains our highest priority. Novak said she did know he was 16-years-old. Novak said nothing was forced on either end and indicated it was a mutual relationship. She said they had very strong feelings for each other. According to Wisconsin Court Access website, April Novak's husband filed for divorce on December 21.
Share this article:
email
BERKELEY (CBS SF) — Berkeley police said they have received reports of three separate sexual assaults last Saturday, at least two that occurred in fraternities at the University of California at Berkeley. A member of a campus fraternity was arrested in connection with one of the assaults.
Police said there also was a third sexual assault on Saturday that may have occurred in a fraternity.
An email from the fraternity president to KPIX 5 said, “We are currently working with our international headquarters and with authorities…as we are able to share more, we will share more.”
The reports of sexual assaults occurred on the same weekend that Gov. Jerry Brown signed the “Yes Means Yes” bill, requiring that sexual partners on college campuses give “affirmative, conscious and voluntary agreement” to sex.
READ MORE:
Reports Of Sexual Assaults On UC Campuses Up By 50%
UC Berkeley Student Draws From Own Experience To Improve Campus Safety, Prevent Sexual Assaults
Feds Release List Of Schools, Including UC Berkeley, Being Investigated Over Sex Assault Claims
Feds Probe How UC Berkeley, Other Colleges Handle Reports Of Sexual Assaults
Something's wrong with the world and I don't know what it is.
It used to be better, of course it did. In the golden age of legend, when there was enough to eat and enough hope, when there was one nation under god and people could lift their eyes and see beyond the horizon, beyond the day. Children were born happy and grew up rich.
Now that's not what we've got. Now we've got this. Hardholders stand against the screaming elements and all comers, keeping safe as many as they can. Angels and savvyheads run constant battle against there's not enough and bullets fly and everything breaks. Hocuses gather people around them, and are they protectors, saviors, visionaries, or just wishful thinkers? Choppers, gunluggers and battlebabes carve out what they can and defend it with blood and bullets. Drivers search and scavenge, looking for that opportunity, that one perfect chance. Skinners and the Maestro D' remember beauty, or invent beauty anew, cup it in their hands and whisper come and see, and don't worry now about what it will cost you. And brainers, oh, brainers see what none of the rest of us will: the world's psychic maelstrom, the terrible desperation and hate pressing in at the edge of all perception, it is the world now.
And you, who are you? This is what we've got, yes. What are you going to make of it?
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
A homophobic monk has been caught delivering anti-gay leaflets in Leicestershire.
According to the Leicester Mercury, leaflets claiming homosexuality is “a sin, immoral, a pathological condition and the work of the Devil” were posted through the door of several residents in the town by a man dressed in monk's robes.
It is the third such report this year of a sinister monk-like figure distributing similar leaflets in the UK, following an incident in Cambridge in April, and Brighton earlier this month.
However, a spokesperson for Leicester Police said: “We are liaising with other forces but it is too early to link it directly to the Cambridge and Brighton incidents.”
One of the leaflets previously obtained reads: “The practice of homosexuality is both blasphemy against God and rebellion against nature.
“It [is] abundantly evident that a penis is made for a vagina, and not for an anus. An anus is in fact designed solely for defecation.
“Homosexuality, as well as being a sin and a vice, is essentially a neurosis, a pathological condition, the result of several factors including childhood experiences.
“Homosexualism has become a cult, and by the indoctrination of school children and regular propaganda through the media, it seeks converts.
“If the practice of homosexuality is acceptable, then in time any form of sexual deviation, perversion and experimentation will be acceptable, including the progressive lowering of the age of consent, taking it below the age of puberty, and thus legalizing paedophilia.”
It also attacks the Queen for signing same-sex marriage into law, saying she “has ceased to be a Christian ruler”, and the government, which it likens to Nazis and Communists.
Leicester resident Laura Heaps told the newspaper: “I was horrified something so vile and hateful should be put through our door.
“It was full of fire and brimstone and extremely unpleasant. Fortunately, neither my six-year-old nor eight-year-old got hold of it. I did not want them to have to see it.
“It was horrible. But the people who printed it did not have the courage to put their name to it.”
by Rob Sperry-Fromm
UK doomers Conan are touring the US this year behind the release of their new album Reveangance, which is being released this week (1/29) on Napalm Records, and can now be streamed in full.
Revengeance is an absolute crusher. Conan goes at you more directly than on past albums — there's less buildup, more front-loaded attack here, with the band spitting out riff after glorious riff. They utilize unusually dynamic vocals here, with screaming in both high and low registers either trading off or coexisting in a way that suggest a unique kind of anger. You can stream the album below (via Noisey), and see if you can keep your head from bobbing.
Conan's tour with Serial Hawk hits NYC for a show at Saint Vitus on March 8, and tickets for that are still on sale. They're also hitting Treefort Fest later in March.
Stream Revengeance below…
—
Conan — 2016 Tour Dates
3/3: Chicago, IL @ Beat Kitchen
3/4: Detroit, MI @ Berserker Fest
3/5: Toronto, ON @ Hard Luck
3/6: Cleveland, OH @ Now That's Class
3/8: Brooklyn, NY @ Saint Vitus
3/9: Philadelphia, PA @ Kung Fu Necktie
3/10: Baltimore, MD @ Ottobar
3/11: Raleigh, NC @ King's
3/12: Knoxville, TN @ Pilot Light
3/13: Atlanta, GA @ Drunken Unicorn
3/16: Austin, TX @ SXSW
3/18: Albuquerque, NM @ Sister Tavern (Free Show)
3/19: Phoenix, AZ @ Rebel Lounge
3/20: Glendale, CA @ Complex
3/21: Oakland, CA @ Metro
3/22: Sacramento, CA @ Press Club
3/24: Portland, OR @ Star Theater
3/25: Boise, ID @ Treefort Fest
3/26: Seattle, WA @ Highline w/ Bell Witch, Mitochondrian
Isaac Heeney has been judged the AFL's best young player by the coaches
SYDNEY Swans young gun Isaac Heeney has been named the AFL Coaches Association's best young player of the year.
All of the coaches in the AFLCA vote 5-4-3-2-1 on the best young players in the competition. The players must be in either their first or second season at AFL level, with no age or games restriction.
Heeney, who was named the AFL Players' Association the best first year player last season, was a clear standout, polling 569 votes ahead of the next best, Melbourne's Jesse Hogan with 337.
"Obviously it's pretty humbling," Heeney told Fox Footy on Tuesday night.
"A bit like last year, obviously the players voted me in as the best first-year player and this year it's the coaches.
"So it's definitely very humbling. To see that Marcus Bontempelli won it last year and where's he's got to in his football already is pretty special. If I can sort of follow along those footsteps it will be something I'll cherish."
Adelaide defender Jake Lever (315), Western Bulldogs midfielder Caleb Daniel (285) and Collingwood forward Darcy Moore (253) rounded out the top-five.
Heeney joins some of the game's modern greats by winning the award. Brownlow medallists Chris Judd (2003), Adam Cooney (2005) and Nat Fyfe (2011) are previous winners.
Previous AFLCA Best Young Player winners
2015 - Marcus Bontempelli (Western Bulldogs)
2014 - Jaeger O'Meara (Gold Coast)
2013 - Jeremy Cameron (GWS)
2012 - Dyson Heppell (Essendon)
2011 - Nathan Fyfe (Fremantle)
2010 - Stephen Hill (Fremantle)
2009 - Cyril Rioli (Hawthorn)
2008 - Joel Selwood (Geelong)
2007 - Scott Pendlebury (Collingwood)
2006 - Ryan Griffen (Western Bulldogs)
2005 - Adam Cooney (Western Bulldogs)
2004 - Daniel Wells (Kangaroos)
2003 - Chris Judd (West Coast)
TOKYO – A limousine carrying Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe was involved in a five-car pile-up at a toll gate in Tokyo on Saturday but he escaped without any injuries, police said.
Two guards in a police car accompanying Abe's official vehicle suffered slight injuries to the face, a Metropolitan Police Department spokesman said.
ADVERTISEMENT
The police car made a sudden stop at the toll gate, which led to Abe's vehicle bumping into it from behind.
Two other police cars and a saloon carrying reporters, which were trailing Abe's limousine, were also involved in the collision, said the official.
Abe, known for his nationalist views, was on his way to a park in central Tokyo to attend a rally calling on North Korea to return Japanese nationals kidnapped by the communist state during the Cold War, local media said.
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
WASHINGTON — It's a major shift in U.S. policy regarding medical uses for marijuana.
The federal government has given its go-ahead on a study looking at marijuana as a treatment for veterans who have post-traumatic stress disorder according to the Associated Press.
The decision from the Department of Health and Human Services caught marijuana advocates a bit off guard. They have tried for decades to get federal approval for research into pot's medicinal uses.
The Food and Drug Administration approved the University of Arizona research proposal a long time ago.
The AP reports the HHS sent a letter last week that allows the purchase of medical marijuana by the study's main financial backer, the Multidisciplinary Association for Psychedelic Studies. The group supports medical research and legalization of marijuana and other drugs.
It has wanted to start the research for more than 22 years.
Read more about this story here.
Camille Paglia: "I'm a libertarian. That's why I'm always freely offending both sides" In new interview with Tyler Cowen, Paglia talks cultural conservatism, "Star Wars" and why Rihanna let her down
Your message has been sent successfully
Academic and "Glittering Images" author, Camille Paglia, sat down for a wide-ranging interview with George Mason University professor and host of Medium's "Conversations with Tyler," Tyler Cowen.
"Young people have no sense whatever of the expansive, of the big gesture," Paglia said, attributing this fading "sense of the large" to the "miniaturization of image."
Advertisement:
Asked if her lamenting the grandiosity of images in '50s Hollywood films makes her a cultural conservative, Paglia said, "No, not at all."
"Usually, I'm not saying we need to return to anything," she explained. "I'm a libertarian. That's why I'm always freely offending both sides."
On George Lucas — who she calls "the greatest artist of our time" in her book — and the latest "Star Wars" iteration, "The Force Awakens," that he had no hand in, Paglia admitted that she hasn't seen it.
"I wouldn't dream of going," she said. "When it's on TV, I'll look at it. Please. Do you think I want to sit in a theater and be tortured by the contamination of my ideals? I'm not going to do that."
Perhaps more inflammatory than Paglia's appreciation for the "Star Wars" prequels is her lukewarm take on The Beatles.
"The Rolling Stones are inspired by, animated by, to this day, by the blues tradition," she said when asked to weigh in on the Stones-Beatles discussion. "The Beatles really were more almost Broadway and musical comedy."
Advertisement:
"They were tremendous songsmiths, but there's nothing dark about them."
Paglia was hard-pressed to name a modern pop performer that can stand up to the aforementioned 20th-century greats.
"I was really very hopeful about Rihanna for a while there," she said. "Unfortunately, she's not really working with the top producers any longer. The new album is an atrocity. It's really terrible."
Read the full transcript here, and/or watch below:
By Janet Goetze
For the Hollywood Star News
St. Rose of Lima Catholic Church, 5309 N.E. Alameda, has a newly placed altar and tabernacle blessed by Archbishop Alexander Sample.
A series of events led to the special service, starting with the discovery of a once stolen and damaged tabernacle, a receptacle for the Eucharist or materials used for Communion. The tabernacle was discovered in a cupboard during spring cleaning in May 2014.
The Rev. Matthew Libra, after talking to the staff and leadership of the St. Rose Parish and Archbishop Howard School at St. Rose, received permission from Archbishop Sample to use a chapel at the church as a place for a second tabernacle to hold communion elements. Canon law requires that a bishop give permission for the elements to be in a second place at a church.
The newly found tabernacle was restored and placed in the main sanctuary on the altar moved from the chapel. Altar stands were created from part of the altar originally built for the 1926 church.
The stands went into the chapel, called “Blessed Sacrament Chapel,” and the tabernacle that had been in the main sanctuary is now in the chapel.
Related
Comments
comments
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily, no spam, no fuss.
Microsoft is now letting people outside the company try out its long-in-development "enhanced reality" technology. Grand Theft Auto parent publisher Take-Two Interactive CEO Strauss Zelnick said today on Bloomberg TV that he was invited to Microsoft's headquarters to try it out. It is unclear, however, if Zelnick got to see the RoomAlive demo or Microsoft's other secret VR project.
Whatever the case, Zelnick said he was excited with what he saw.
"The demo that I had was at Microsoft's headquarters in a room given over to this [technology], and you had an immersive headset on, and there are characters that appear to be real, and you'e interacting with the characters and they're not real, and it's pretty extraordinary," he said.
Though he was floored by the demo, Zelnick said he's not sure yet about its commercial appeal.
Microsoft has been planning Xbox One virtual reality/augmented reality technology (pictured above) since 2010, according to documents that emerged two years ago. According to the documents, users would wear glasses that would run on wireless connections to interact with the Xbox One.
For its part, Microsoft has been open in saying that virtual reality is something the company has been experimenting with for a long time now. Competitor Sony announced its own virtual reality device, Project Morpheus, during GDC in March 2014.
A Take-Two representative told GameSpot that "this was something [Zelnick] saw several years ago." We have also reached out to Microsoft for further clarification.
"If that's what consumers want, we'll be first in line to give it to them" -- Strauss Zelnick on VR
On the subject of VR in general, Zelnick reiterated that, while he's excited about the potential of such technology, it must overcome technical and logistical hurdles before it becomes ubiquitous.
"There are plenty of issues for using an immersive headset for the kind of video games that we make," he said. "Because, among other things, how are you going to see your controller? How does this controller interact with this immersive space?"
He also said he recently got a demo of Project Morpheus and enjoyed it a lot.
Asked straight-up if gaming was ready for VR, Zelnick said "not yet." However, he stressed that if VR does become dominant, Take-Two will line up to support it with games.
"Part of it is we have to see how the headsets roll out and how we can best deliver an experience. We are concerned that you play our games for a long period of time and we don't want people getting nauseated. Having had the experience, I'm not sure how long you want an immersive headset on your head. We'll find out. I will say this, if that's what consumers want, we'll be first in line to give it to them."
Zelnick also responded to a host's suggestion that VR could make people anti-social, something Zelnick himself cited previously as one of the potential problems for VR. Now, Zelnick says as culture expands, companies like Take-Two need to embrace change or they run the risk of getting left behind.
He said his great grandparents had similar qualms about jazz music, his grandparents about rock and roll, and his parents about hip hop. "Culture morphs and we all have to embrace the exciting new opportunities in culture," he said.
