Columbia University, the University of Maryland and the Smithsonian Institution have pooled their expertise to create the world's first plant identification mobile app using visual search—Leafsnap. This electronic field guide allows users to identify tree species simply by taking a photograph of the tree's leaves. In addition to the species name, Leafsnap provides high-resolution photographs and information about the tree's flowers, fruit, seeds and bark—giving the user a comprehensive understanding of the species.
“We wanted to use mathematical techniques we were developing for face recognition and apply them to species identification,” said Peter Belhumeur, professor of computer science at Columbia and leader of the Columbia team working on Leafsnap. “Traditional field guides can be frustrating—you often do not find what you are looking for. We thought we could redesign them using today's smartphones and visual recognition technology.”
David Jacobs of the University of Maryland and Belhumeur approached John Kress, research botanist at the Smithsonian's National Museum of Natural History, to collaborate on remaking the traditional field guide for the 21st century.
“Leafsnap was originally designed as a specialized aid for scientists and plant explorers to discover new species in poorly known habitats,” said John Kress, leader of the Smithsonian team working on Leafsnap. Kress was digitizing the botanical specimens at the Smithsonian when first contacted by Jacobs and Belhumeur, so the match between a botanist and computer scientists came at a perfect time. “Now Smithsonian research is available as an app for the public to get to know the plant diversity in their own backyards, in parks and in natural areas. This tool is especially important for the environment, because learning about nature is the first step in conserving it.”
Users of Leafsnap will not only be learning about the trees in their communities and on their hikes—they will also be contributing to science. As people use Leafsnap, the free mobile app automatically shares their images, species identifications and the tree's location with a community of scientists. These scientists will use the information to map and monitor population growth and decline of trees nationwide. Currently, Leafsnap's database includes the trees of the Northeast, but it will soon expand to cover the trees of the entire continental United States.
The visual recognition algorithms developed by Columbia University and the University of Maryland are key to Leafsnap. Each leaf photograph is matched against a leaf-image library using numerous shape measurements computed at points along the leaf's outline. The best matches are then ranked and returned to the user for final verification.
“Within a single species leaves can have quite diverse shapes, while leaves from different species are sometimes quite similar,” said Jacobs, a professor of computer science at the University of Maryland. “So one of the main technical challenges in using leaves to identify plant species has been to find effective representations of their shape, which capture their most important characteristics.”
The algorithms and software were developed by Columbia and the University of Maryland, and the Smithsonian supervised the identification and collection of leaves needed to create the image library used for the visual recognition in Leafsnap. In addition, the not-for-profit organization Finding Species was hired and supervised by the Smithsonian to acquire the detailed species images seen in the Leafsnap app and on the Leafsnap.com website.
The app is available for the iPhone, with iPad and Android versions to be released later this summer.
# # #
SI-178-2011
About Columbia Engineering
Founded in 1864, Columbia University's Fu Foundation School of Engineering and Applied Science offers programs in nine departments to both undergraduate and graduate students. With facilities specifically designed and equipped to meet the laboratory and research needs of faculty and students, Columbia Engineering is home to NSF and NIH funded centers in genomic science, molecular nanostructures, materials science and energy, as well as one of the world's leading programs in financial engineering. These interdisciplinary centers are leading the way in their respective fields while individual groups of engineers and scientists collaborate to solve some of society's more vexing challenges. http://www.engineering.columbia.edu/
About University of Maryland
The University of Maryland, College Park, is recognized nationally and internationally as a center of academic and research excellence. The university, which attracted more than $545 million in research funding in fiscal year 2010, is no. 5 among Kiplinger's 100 Best Values in Public Colleges, a top-20 U.S. public university according to U.S. News & World Report and no. 1 in awarding undergraduate degrees to African Americans according to Diverse Issues in Higher Education. The University of Maryland and the Smithsonian Institution have a long history of research and educational collaborations, which since 2009 have been facilitated by a Memorandum of Understanding between the two institutions that makes it easier for their scholars, scientists and researchers to work together to increase contributions to science, share their knowledge with the public and educate future generations.
About Smithsonian Institution
Founded in 1846, the Smithsonian is the world's largest museum and research complex, consisting of 19 museums and galleries, the National Zoological Park and nine research facilities. There are 6,000 Smithsonian employees and 6,500 volunteers. Approximately 30 million people from around the world visited the Smithsonian in 2010, with 188 million visits to the Smithsonian websites. The total number of objects, works of art and specimens at the Smithsonian is estimated at 137 million.
With a productive Toronto International Film Festival in the rearview and a panel at the Zurich Film Festival this weekend, SingularDTV is taking the spotlight in the film industry.
This weekend marks the 13th edition of the Zurich Film Festival, which has grown into one of the most prestigious film industry gatherings on the globe. This year's event will feature showings of some hotly tipped films: Aaron Sorkin's “Molly's Game,” Denis Villenueve's “Blade Runner 2049,” and 158 other features and shorts will be screened, while luminaries like Jake Gyllenhaal, Rob Reiner, and even Al Gore will all participate in the festivities. And to top it all off: SingularDTV is an official sponsor of this year's Zurich Film Festival!
Alongside the fancy soirees (like SingularDTV's Filmmaker Brunch on Friday) and tightly curated premieres, the Zurich Film Festival is acknowledged for its series of talks and panels that address forward-thinking perspectives on art and industry — The Zurich Summit.
SingularDTV is honored and enthused to be hosting a panel on Saturday, September 30th at the Dolder Grand Theatre entitled ‘The Blockchain Phenomenon and Its Impact on Entertainment.'
The talk will feature insights from SingularDTV's own founders: Zach LeBeau (CEO), Kim Jackson (President of Entertainment), and Arie Levy-Cohen (CFO) among others, and will headline the day's proceedings, followed by a reception hosted by SingularDTV. The Zurich Film Festival's panel programming this year favors tech with segments on virtual reality, computer-generated actors, and digital distribution, but for the first time ever, blockchain will take center stage.
Last week, members of SingularDTV's Entertainment Division joined the behemoth Toronto International Film Festival with an eye on acquiring content and spreading the gospel of decentralization. With almost half a million people attending this year, the Toronto International Film Festival is a blitz of high-profile premieres and events, and is the meeting ground for major players making big moves that play a definitive role in the entertainment world.
We caught up with Jason Tyrrell (Vice President of Content) and Lynette Coll (Content Coordinator) of SingularDTV's Entertainment Division to get insights on what the film festival experience is like, and what to expect from SingularDTV's content in the near future.
From the left: SingularDTV's Oliver Marhdt, Lynette Coll, and Jason Tyrrell
What's the directive on projects SingularDTV is looking to acquire?
Jason Tyrrell: We're looking for true artists, creators with a strong point of view, and a visionary implementation. On top of that tall order, we're also interested in the disruptors, those that see the challenges facing us as an industry and want to invest in something new. And we're looking for underrepresented stories, narratives that bring us into a world not often seen in today's film and television offerings.
Lynette Coll: Since our initial audience or demographic is into the world of cryptocurrency — tech, futurism, globalism, human potential — that will be our initial focus when looking for films. Horror, thrillers, crime thrillers and sci-fi all fit well with our vision. We are looking for filmmakers with a very specific point of view, something to say, and a unique voice. We like movies that are edgy, sexy, bold, high quality, and with a global appeal.
How do you think the film industry will react to the prospect of decentralization?
Jason Tyrrell: It will be a slow, but inevitable adoption. Once pandora's box is opened, there will be no closing it. But there's a lot of money being made by a lot of people invested in keeping the industry centralized. Thankfully, artists and audiences are the ones who will most benefit from decentralization, millions of people around the world who will demand this necessary and sustainable change.
What stuck out to you as a major trend at TIFF this year?
Lynette Coll: Being a Latina female artist and producer, the fact that there were so many good female performances, strong female characters, and filmmakers with unique voices this year really stuck out to me. Women like Brie Larsen, Angelina Jolie, and Coralie Fargeat all made big strides in roles both in front of and behind the camera, and that was really exciting to see.
What's the hustle and bustle of TIFF like, particularly when you're there on a mission?
Jason Tyrrell: At its peak, you can be getting up at 6AM and flopping into bed at 3AM. You have to pack a lot into the festival experience — meetings, film screenings, panel conversations, parties — while still leaving room for the unplanned magic of a random catch up over poutine, or a new friendship made while standing in line somewhere.
What roles do film festivals play in the long-term SDTV vision?
Jason Tyrrell: A large role, to be sure. We're going to have a presence at most of the major festivals on the year's calendar, as well as some of the more exciting regional festivals, thanks to our global presence. We'll be looking for films, filmmakers, and strategic business partners on the festival circuit for the foreseeable future.
SingularDTV: Twitter // Facebook // LinkedIn // Slack // Reddit
Gonzo Rhetoric vs. Cool Rhetoric
If you don't mind, and since you're forced to read this, I'm sure you might, I'd like to take this blog to hammer out an “answer” to a question quite relevant to my final paper in this class and my professional paper topic, “Gonzo Rhetoric in New Media.” The question is, “What is Gonzo rhetoric?” and how does it differ from Jeff Rice's Cool Rhetoric?
This question had me nervous (until I read Rice) because there is very little help out there on the information superhighway about Gonzo rhetoric. Wikipedia doesn't have a page, it's not defined in any academic paper I can find, and when you Google that shit this is what you get.
The first listing is my blog post for last week, (and, as I hope you can see, the personal results button is turned off) so this question has now been plaguing me for more than two weeks and for good reason – no one that I can see is taking up this issue (though I do have a friend in the UK that talks me through a lot of these issues who has been very helpful). For the most part, I'm alone out here in this swine-infested world of Gonzo rhetoric, but Jeff Rice calmed my nerves like the first drag of a cigarette, or a neat few fingers of 15-year-old Scotch, or shooting heroin, I imagine. Well, maybe not heroin, but you get my drift – I'm cool now, and so is Jeff Rice.
The second half of Rice's The Rhetoric of Cool, really sparked my interest, and for obvious reasons. If you haven't noticed, my URL is gogonzojournal.com, and Rice was working with the Beat generation, specifically William S. Burroughs and Jack Kerouac, who also influenced Gonzo journalism, or New Journalism. Burroughs was a primary influence of Hunter S. Thompson, and his work certainly echoes that influence.
As I mentioned last week, Wysocki insists the “design must fit a viewer's expectations,” but a “push” on the medium is not only forgivable, but expected (172). Last week I felt Pulp Fiction was exemplary of the Cool because it was nonlinear, but tonight I'm torn. As Rice quotes and expands on McLuhan's Understanding Media, “Film…both in its reel form and in its scenario or script form, is completely involved with book culture. This involvement is not the replication of print-based rhetorics but an expansion of the organizational methods print teaches” (78). I have a vague recollection of us speaking of experimental film as being representative of the Cool, and Rice certainly believes this to be true, but he also says, “Anger and Smith do employ organization in order to ‘make' films…But each film's organization depends on a logic quite different from Braddock and colleagues' ‘meaningful whole.' That logic (whether deemed ‘creative' or something else), whose basis is in commutation, is essential to new media writing” (103). The absence of a ‘meaningful whole' is the rhetorical coolness Rice is after, “Because cool depends on utilizing multiple meanings, what a term refers to (its referent) becomes dynamic and changeable. It also becomes indeterminate and less permanent than we traditionally expect writing to be” (96). So, I've come to the conclusion that Pulp Fiction is still cool, but for a different reason. Multiple meanings can be drawn from the film. For instance, we never find out what's in Marsellus Wallace's briefcase, and whatever the viewer allows to creep into that briefcase could change the way she feels about Wallace at the end of the film. Is it gold, heroin, a human body part? I certainly don't wish sodomy on the man given what Tarantino offers in the film, or anyone for that matter, (besides, maybe, a few particular Catholic priests), but I could see something in that briefcase that could offer even a little justification. See, that's cool and “provides layered meanings within a composition” (101). Though it may not be representative of the Cool, Pulp Fiction is still on the cooler side of the spectrum…or pillow if you will.
Gonzo journalism is similar in its coolness. The actual news is rarely ever the message, and the “hero,” who doubles as the author, uses personal experiences, exaggeration, and even flat-out lies to get their point across, and the point is only vaguely related to the news being covered. “Rhetorical output related to cool seems uninterested in rationality or reason, as it works to manipulate audiences to adopt positions outside of the status quo” (100).
Though Gonzo journalism is certainly cool, I'm not so sure Rice would define it as such only because it's still based on narrative form, and first-person narrative form at that, though it is a broken narrative fraught with the impulsive ranting of Thompson. Some of that broken narrative may even be evident in this blog. This limitation is required by Thompson's discipline and audience. Carroll Arnold touches on this in her introduction to Cahim Perelman's The Realm of Rhetoric. “Since we argue for people and not machines, we must recognize that an audience's choices and judgments are affected not only by their knowledge and experience but by their situations at the time of confronting our arguments. Thus methods of arguing must shift as the nature and conditions of the audience shift” (xii). Hunter Thompson certainly changed the method of argument, and I'll be arguing in my professional paper that FoxNews and the network formerly known as NBC, then MSNBC, and recently back to NBC, have taken only the rhetoric from Gonzo journalism and left most of the journalism behind. They've done so in a particularly deceptive manner, much like the advertisers have done with Rice's notion of cool when he discusses 1960's album covers. The media has now fully adopted cool rhetoric marketers were exploiting for years.
But what is Gonzo rhetoric? The question remains. It seems to be a derivative of the cool, certainly, but is it the son of cool, the grandson, or distant cousin of cool? I guess if I had to define Gonzo rhetoric (which I most definitely do), I'd say it's:
An effective use of language utilizing tactics made popular by Hunter S. Thompson, including, but not limited to, first-person narrative journalism reflecting upon the reporter's personal experiences, emotions, or exaggerations in an attempt to persuade an audience.
Let me know what you think of this definition, por favor. And I hope you didn't mind what I did with the blog this week. I wanted to emulate Rice a bit, and I think my “thread” was effective in finding some kind of answer. Whether it's a correct answer is really up to everyone who reads it, I guess, and I'm more interested in its levels of truthiness right now. I've been waiting to use that all year now. “Levels of truthiness.” It's got a nice ring to it.
P.S. Though “truthiness” is a term coined by Stephen Colbert, “levels of truthiness” is a phrase coined by my friend, Grant, in a personal interview about rhetoric over boilermakers. Cheers.
Related
Elton to Trump: Stop spinning 'Tiny Dancer'
Musician Sir Elton John arrives on Capitol Hill in Washington, Wednesday, May 6, 2015, to testify before the Senate State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs subcommittee in support of U.S. funding for global HIV/AIDS treatment. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci) (Photo: Evan Vucci, AP)
Elton John's music has been in heavy rotation as a prelude to Donald Trump's political rallies in Indiana.
"Tiny Dancer" and "Funeral for a Friend/Love Lies Bleeding" were a constant at both of the Republican presidential front-runner's events this week at the Indiana State Fairgrounds.
So you might get the impression that John endorses Trump, or at least has given permission for his music to be used.
Turns out neither is the case, according to comments John made to The Guardian in February, shortly after Trump started using the Rocket Man's music at political events.
“I don't really want my music to be involved in anything to do with an American election campaign. I'm British. I've met Donald Trump, he was very nice to me, it's nothing personal, his political views are his own, mine are very different, I'm not a Republican in a million years," John told the British newspaper. "Why not ask Ted (expletive) Nugent? Or one of those (expletive) country stars? They'll do it for you.”
In a strange turn of events, The Telegraph this week reported that Trump wants John to play at his inauguration, should he win the presidency.
That would seem to be a hard sell at this point.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Breaking News newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Urgent developments you should know now, not later. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-888-357-7827. Delivery: varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Breaking News Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
John and Trump seem a strange political match, anyway. John, whose husband is filmmaker David Furnish, is a strong advocate for gay marriage and LGBT rights. Trump in January said he disagrees with the Supreme Court's decision to legalize same-sex marriage and hopes it can be changed, according to Politico. However, Trump did recently speak out against a North Carolina law that bans transgender individuals from using a bathroom that does not match their gender at birth.
And, back in 2005, Trump congratulated John on his wedding to Furnish, calling it "a marriage that's going to work" in a blog post.
"I'm very happy for them," Trump wrote, according to Mother Jones. "If two people dig each other, they dig each other."
Trump and John have a friendly history in Indiana. They both rushed to Indiana, along with Michael Jackson, to console Ryan White's mother after the teenager died following a long battle with AIDS in 1990.
Neither the Trump campaign nor John's publicist immediately responded to requests for comment for this story.
Read or Share this story: http://indy.st/26xnD5p
A great deal of flak has been flying back and forth across the blogosphere in recent weeks on, once again, the issue of compatibility between science, atheism and religion. The latest round was sparked by a Pew study on how the public views conflicts between science and faith, with Jerry Coyne arguing for incompatibility, Chris Mooney taking the opposite position. I have a few thoughts of my own.
First, the survey. There are a few choice pieces of data, such as this one which finds that creationist attempts to portray evolution as a “controversy” have not succeeded:
Interestingly, many of those who reject natural selection recognize that scientists themselves fully accept Darwin's theory. In the same 2006 Pew poll, nearly two-thirds of adults (62%) say that they believe that scientists agree on the validity of evolution.
But more important is this:
When asked what they would do if scientists were to disprove a particular religious belief, nearly two-thirds (64%) of people say they would continue to hold to what their religion teaches rather than accept the contrary scientific finding, according to the results of an October 2006 Time magazine poll. Indeed, in a May 2007 Gallup poll, only 14% of those who say they do not believe in evolution cite lack of evidence as the main reason underpinning their views; more people cite their belief in Jesus (19%), God (16%) or religion generally (16%) as their reason for rejecting Darwin's theory.
As far as I can tell, the data is undisputed. The question is how we should react to it. Mooney believes we should set an accommodationist course:
For it seems to me that if we could only dislodge the idea that evolution is contradictory to people's belief… then they would have no problem with evolution. …I'm quite convinced that the data are an excellent reason to take Kenneth Miller's (and my) approach and try to convince people that science needn't be any threat to their religion – indeed, they show that this is a strategy which ought to work for many Americans.
I have two points to make in response to this.
First of all, what is Mooney's strategy for convincing the faithful that evolution and religion are compatible? The creationists are devoted to spreading the opposite message, and they have large, well-financed ministries, propaganda mills cranking 24 hours a day, and even their own, multimillion-dollar creationist museum. They've spent decades and millions of dollars drumming it into their followers' heads that six-day creation is a vital and essential keystone of the Christian worldview, and that evolution is not just false, but an evil, dangerous, even Satanic deception that leads directly to genocide, school shootings, abortion and homosexuality. And for the most part, they view pro-science Christians as just as bad: as weak, rootless believers in a “sad and sorry god“.
The accommodationist strategy backed by Mooney and others is the same one that we've been trying for decades . Clearly, it hasn't worked. The simple, literal, easy-to-understand theology of the creationists has been demonstrated to have mass popular appeal. Meanwhile, the theistic evolutionists – whose theology tends to depict God as distant and vague at best – has not had similar success with the public.
So, I ask the accommodationists in all seriousness: How is your approach different from what's already been tried? You've already voiced your belief that atheist scientists should stop speaking up. What, in your view, is the next step? How do you plan to overcome the fears and prejudices that creationists have pounded into their followers' heads, and what makes you think this will be easier than what the atheists have set out to do?
Second, I want to point out an implication of this strategy that Mooney doesn't dwell on: it's remarkable to what extent this is a strategy of surrender. It takes for granted that people's religious beliefs are fixed and immutable, that if their beliefs conflict with science they'll always reject science, and our only hope is to convince them that evolution poses no threat to their faith.
Given this assumption, Mooney believes that he can change people's beliefs about whether evolution conflicts with their faith. But why should this be easier than convincing them of a different proposition – that if science and faith conflict, science should win out? As the Pew survey shows, an overwhelming majority (87%) even of religious people respect science and feel that it makes society better. Why can't we build on that fact instead?
The accommodationist strategy implicitly validates the very prejudice it seeks to counter: that faith is superior to science and should win out if the two conflict. This would be like a person who lived during the suffragist era conceding the anti-feminist argument that women are intellectually inferior to men, but arguing that they should get to vote anyway, because after all, we don't make men pass intelligence tests to vote, do we?
This is fighting on your opponent's turf, which is a sure way to lose. To defeat a prejudice, we should attack it at its source. Plenty of ideas that were once common and widely believed, such as the idea of female inferiority, turned out not to be invulnerable; they crumbled under strong, direct criticism. And there is good reason to believe the same is true in this case: the ever-growing numbers of the godless suggest that attacking religion is not the losing strategy that accommodationists would have us believe.
Harrison Ford is said to be happy to come back for the next Star Wars movie… though he may just have a particular clause in mind for his contract.
Entertainment Weekly are keeping it a little fuzzy, but the short version is this: Harrison Ford will be happy to reprise the role of Han Solo, pending the confirmation of script and director. He may well be asking for the character to be killed off, however, just as he originally wanted to happen in Return of the Jedi.
Last time he, Ford's desire to escape was thwarted by the appetite for Han Solo toys. I think he'll have an easier time winning the argument this time around.
The report does make it clear that all three of Mark Hamill, Carrie Fisher and Ford are keen to take part in this next generation of the saga. A source calls them “upbeat”:
Harrison is open to the idea of doing the movie and he's upbeat about it, all three of them are.
Okay, so now let's see how far “upbeat” gets us.
(Last Updated )
Related Posts
None found
Maybe you've just moved in with your boyfriend. Maybe you've just started dating a guy who seems special. Maybe you've got a friend with benefits situation that seems to be working for now.
Then you miss your period, even though you're using birth control. An at-home pregnancy test proves what you suspected -- you're pregnant. You feel sick, and it's not just morning sickness.
Now what?
You're not sure if you want to keep the baby and you're not sure if you should even tell your lover.
If you did, what difference would it make, anyway? He has no say if you choose to have an abortion. But what if you want to have the baby -- either to raise or put up for adoption? Until the baby is born, the father-to-be has no responsibility to help you with any of the costs related to the pregnancy -- and there are plenty. Between maternity clothes, OB/GYN visits, ultrasounds, tests, nutritional supplements, birthing classes, perhaps even unpaid sick days from work or the loss of a prospective job because few employers want to hire an obviously pregnant woman -- it isn't cheap or easy to be knocked up.
That doesn't seem fair to Shari Motro, a professor of law at the University of Richmond, Virginia. That's why Motro has introduced the concept of preglimony.
"Why don't we recognize that when a woman gets pregnant with a man to whom she is not married, the pregnancy should be both parties' responsibility?" she writes in the Stanford Law Review. Not to say that some men don't help out; many do. But for those who don't "the law gives them a free pass. In short, until and unless paternity has been established, a pregnant woman and the man with whom she conceives are legal strangers."
Except they aren't really strangers; they've shared an intimate act. But they aren't spouses, either. They're something in between, either as tenuously connected as a no-strings-attached situation or a cohabiting couple. "When a man and a woman have nonreproductive sex, they knowingly engage in an act that has a reasonable possibility of radically interfering with the woman's life, and disproportionately so," she says. "Preglimony is a new word; it is not a new practice. It's time the law noticed."
Pregnancy is a big deal for a woman, no matter how it occurs, and according to the first state-level analysis of unintended pregnancies last year, at least 4 in 10 pregnancies were unwanted or mistimed. Given the many types of contraception available, there isn't much sympathy for whose who accidentally become pregnant. Still, she notes, no form of birth control is foolproof, and all types of contraception as well as abortion come at a great cost to women, especially women who are not financially independent. But the costs aren't just financial.
"Pregnancy changes everything from a woman's pulse to the chemicals that influence her thoughts and feelings. It can present her with unparalleled opportunities for personal growth, healing and joy and it can jeopardize her independence for years to come," Motro writes in "The Price of Pleasure." Women often make light of the burdens of pregnancy because "pregnancy-related impairments have and continue to deter employers from hiring women and focus on the risks of abortion may play into the hands of those who wish to re-criminalize it."
Acknowledging that, Motro would like to see some sort of relational default or what she calls preglimony, a "legal framework defining a man's duty to help support his pregnant lover," to address a growing issue -- some 41 percent of babies are born to unmarried women even though 40 percent of them are cohabiting.
Creating the structure for that is complicated, but in the meantime she believes we can support men who are willing to pay their fair share through tax laws, just like alimony. Currently, any financial help a man contributes toward his lover's pregnancy is considered a gift or child support, and thus offers him no tax benefits. Alimony payments do, however, and she argues preglimony should, too. Not only will it "reward and encourage men who are prepared to support their pregnant lovers," but it will lessen the need for shotgun marriages that often lead to divorce.
That's not to say it should embrace pregnancies resulting from nonconsensual sex, including sex in which a woman knowingly and deceitfully gets pregnant. Nor should it be required; she believes couples should be able to opt out.
Of course, asking men to share in the costs means that they will have more say about how a pregnancy should be handled, perhaps leading some to pressure a woman to have -- or not have -- an abortion. Still, that will ultimately be the woman's decision. And, she notes, "increasing support for pregnant women regardless of the pregnancy's outcome will, over time, change abortion from a form of birth control that lets men off the hook into something both parties are invested in preventing."
As long as people continue to have sex outside of marriage, and as long as many see marriage as obsolete and increasingly live together, we need to be talking about the price we play for pleasure.
"In life there are no guarantees. Men and women who do not want children have sex anyway despite the wild roll-of-the-dice that it entails. This is the fundamental risk at the heart of making love. This is the true price of pleasure, a price no law can erase," Motro says. "But the law can -- indeed it inevitably does -- set the baseline. It is up to us to decide where."
President Donald Trump's so-called Muslim ban executive order has already prevented scores of people from entering the U.S., including some with legal immigration status. Late Saturday, though, a U.S. district court temporarily halted the deportation of those travelers. While the travelers, citizens of seven blacklisted Muslim-majority countries, are not supposed to be deported, many are still languishing in detention in airports across the U.S.
Immigration officials, though, are trying to find another way to send those travelers home: keeping them from making it into the country by revoking their legal status.
According to lawyers spread out in teams across John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York, multiple detainees are being pressured to sign a form typically called a "withdrawal of application for admission." Despite having the long-term legal right to stay in the country, the scared and nervous detainees, the lawyers said, are being asked to revoke their status so they can be sent back to their countries of origin.
"What we've heard is that the detainees are told that they can sign the forms, go home, it'll all be better and it'll be like this all never happened," Melissa Trent, a representative of the lawyers, said in an interview on Sunday morning at Kennedy Airport. "It gives them authority to put these people back on planes and send them home."
The forms are being presented in English to people who don't speak the language well. One organizer with the lawyers said by phone late Saturday night that they'd seen one of the signed forms firsthand. Lawyers are urging detainees not to sign any forms at all.
This is a tactic familiar to immigration lawyers who have dealt with Customs and Border Patrol officials in the past. Immigration officials trying to turn away detainees will tell someone that giving up their lawful status is an easy out, and that the immigrant won't have a deportation on their record.
Several lawyers said in interviews that the language barrier is often used as a weapon against immigrants in these circumstances.
"They're told it's a good deal, because they're told that they'll be released from detention and go home, but they often don't understand the full depth of what they're signing," said Lauren Reiff, an immigration lawyer with the New York Legal Assistance Group in an interview. Reiff was at Kennedy airport as a volunteer.
The corps of lawyers who've been camped out at Kennedy Airport's terminal 4, swilling coffee at a cafe where they've set up their home base, have so far managed to stop any of the detainees here from being sent home. Lawyers have filed at least 20 habeas corpus petitions from the airport. It's not clear how many remain in detention on Sunday — and official information from immigration authorities is scarce.
When word came down at the terminal 4 that there'd be deportees on a 1:00 p.m. Eastern flight out of the country, Rep. Hakeem Jeffries (D-N.Y.) arrived at Kennedy Airport to speak with immigration officials and assure families that won't be happening.
"We're hopeful that these individuals will be released on a rolling basis throughout the day," Jeffries told reporters outside the airport. "The entire executive order is a farce. It's a smokescreen. It has nothing to do with trying to keep this country safe. And we urge the Trump administration to abandon it immediately."
Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, 3:30 p.m.: This post has been updated.
This year's 19th issue of Hakusensha's Young Animal magazine is revealing on September 25 that Chika Umino's March comes in like a lion (Sangatsu no Lion) manga will get both a TV anime series and a live-action film adaptation.
The story of the manga follows a solitary shōgi player named Rei and his relationships with a neighboring family. He becomes acquainted with Akari, and two young girls, Hinata and Momo, who also have have a large number of cats.
Umino started the series in Young Animal in 2007, and Hakusensha will release the 11th compiled volume on September 25. The series has won several awards including the Manga Taisho award and Kodansha Manga award in 2011. The manga also won the 18th Tezuka Osamu Prizes' Top Award in March 2014.
Umino also drew the Honey and Clover manga that inspired two television anime series and a live-action film. She later drafted the original character designs for the Eden of the East anime.
1 of 17
When an exhibit isn't in one of the "Ripley's Believe It or Not" attractions, it's housed in this warehouse in a nondescript building in an Orlando office park. You'd never be able to tell from the outside of the building what is stored inside.
2 of 17
WESH.com recently took a tour of the warehouse with the best guide imaginable: Edward Meyer, who has worked for Ripley's longer than Robert Ripley himself did. Meyer has been with the company for more than three decades and is in charge of acquiring the "unbelievable" exhibits you see in the museums, and in the warehouse.
3 of 17
Here are the top 13 weirdest things we found, as judged by us.
4 of 17
13. Plastic bag ball
5 of 17
12. A German torture device
6 of 17
12. “Fantasy coffins”
7 of 17
11. The original patent for Betty Boop
8 of 17
9. Madonna's signed underwear
Advertisement
9 of 17
8. Humpback whale bones from the 1800s
10 of 17
7. The headless bodies of Daniel Craig and Justin Timberlake
11 of 17
6. Roaches painted to look like people
12 of 17
5. An 1800s vampire killing kit
13 of 17
4. Pieces of the Berlin wall
14 of 17
3. President Obama replica head under repair
15 of 17
2. A 21-foot Transformer made of recycled car parts
16 of 17
1. Lee Harvey Oswald's apartment furniture
Advertisement
17 of 17
Tinkle, an Indian monthly magazine containing comics, quizzes, puzzles and more, enjoys great popularity among children and has a loyal adult reader base as well.
And in its November issue, marking the magazine's 35th anniversary, Tinkle has introduced a new superhero – a teenager from Mizoram named Mapui Kawlim.
This 13-year-old laid-back girl from a middle class family in Aizawl, is also a crime-fighter! Like many teenagers, Mapui, a.k.a “WingStar”, dreads Math, avoids doing her homework and enjoys fun-packed sleepovers. A unique thing about her is that saving people in need does not majorly fascinate her – she is a reluctant superhero.
While Mapui is all set to break many stereotypes, this is not the first time that Tinkle has come up with a female superhero. Two of them – Aisha and Maya, had also been introduced previously.
“We need more iconic female heroes to join the plethora of enduring male comic characters in the country – Suppandi, Shikari Shambu and Tantri the Mantri. Over half of the children in our country are female after all,” Tinkle Comics' editor, Rajani Thindiath, told Catch News.
On can hope that this comic will add on to the fight of breaking stereotypes against people from Northeast India, who have to face a lot of discrimination in their own country.
Rajani Thindiath added that she does not see the new comic as particularly revolutionary. “In Tinkle, we have always had characters who hail from different parts of the country. Mapui, aka “WingStar”, may belong to the Northeast but she's also a regular teenage girl,” she said.
Tinkle is published in English, Hindi, Tamil and Bengali, targeting readers between the ages of 8 and 14. There is also Tinkle ezine for those who want to read it online.
Like this story? Or have something to share? Write to us: contact@thebetterindia.com, or connect with us on Facebook and Twitter (@thebetterindia).
SAN FRANCISCO (CBS SF) — Uber is in the hot seat after new data provided by Lyft shows Uber employees have ordered and canceled more than 5,000 rides from Lyft in the last year.
Lyft claims it's not just a couple of bad eggs. Records suggest at least 177 Uber employees around the country have booked and canceled rides since last October, according to CNNMoney.
“It's not just the company that suffers,” the CNN report said. “Canceled rides jeopardize income that Lyft drivers depend on — plus they spend time and gas money en route to passengers who have no intention of taking a ride.”
Phone numbers associated with known Uber recruiters were cross-referenced. In total, Lyft claims there were 5,560 fake requests.
One Lyft passenger identified as an Uber recruiter, whose phone number was tied to 21 other accounts, allegedly canceled a total of 1,524 rides.
It's not the first time Uber has been accused of playing dirty. CNNMoney reported earlier this that Uber staffers in New York withdrew over 100 ride requests with another taxi app, Gett, over a three-day period. Following the incident, Uber released a statement that they would “tone down their sales tactics.”
But the 5,492 of the canceled rides occurred after that statement was issued, according to the data.
In a statement released Monday, Uber said, “We recruit hundreds of thousands of entrepreneurs to build their own small businesses on the Uber platform, where the economic opportunity for drivers is unmatched in the industry.”
Lyft spokeswoman Erin Simpson responded with this: “It's unfortunate for affected community members that they have used these tactics, as it wastes a driver's time and impacts the next passenger waiting for that driver. We remain focused on growing the business faster than any competitor through better customer experience and innovation.”
On Friday, Uber is testing a new service that will allow customers to share a ride – and split the cost – with another person traveling along a similar route in the Bay Area.
According to a blog post on its website, the company said customers who sign up for a beta version “UberPool” service will be able to request a ride like normal. If Uber finds another rider that is a match, customers are notified of that person's first name. If no match is found, there will still be a discount on the ride.
Meanwhile, traditional taxi companies are continuously struggling to keep up.
CEO Hansu Kim of DeSoto Cab Company, one of the city's oldest, has been operating in San Francisco since the 1930s, says his industry is hemorrhaging drivers who flee to ridesharing services, using their personal vehicle to offer rides on Uber, Lyft and Sidecar. He added that the taxi industry in its current form may cease to exist by next year.
Sony Online Entertainment has been quiet on the PlayStation 4 version of massively multiplayer first-person shooter PlanetSide 2 for some time. But it's still on track for 2014 - in beta form at least.
Creative director Matt Higby told Eurogamer a beta will launch on PS4 by the end of the year. More information is expected to be announced during December's PlayStation Experience event in Las Vegas. The PC version of PlanetSide 2 turns two-years-old later this month.
The PS4 version, announced in June 2013, has taken time to develop because the designers want PlanetSide 2 on PS4 to feel like a "full-on console experience" and not just a port of the PC original, Higby said.
"As much as it sounds like we're blowing smoke, we're working hard to release a game that feels like a full-on console experience and not just like a port," he said.
"So it's taken us quite a long time to re-jigger our user interface and our controls. There's a lot that needs to get done."
Because it's an MMOFPS there are more user interface screens than you get with a typical FPS, Higby added. All of these need to be reworked for a console controller. "That's been a really large design process, and we've done a lot of iteration on it to try and make it right.
"But our goal is at the end of the day to have our launch on the PS4 feel like a great PS4 native console game. Not just a PC port. So it's taking a while."
On PC PlanetSide 2 is free-to-download and supported by micro-transactions. Higby said the PS4 version will work similarly to the PC version in this regard. However, rather than being able to buy the Station Cash virtual currency, as it's called on PC, on PS4 you will buy Marketplace Cash, which is currently used in the PS4 version of DC Universe Online. You'll then use this to buy in-game items. "The items that are sold are going to be the same as the PC items," Higby said.
As for the visuals, Higby said the PS4 version compares "very favourable" with the PC version. The PS4 version, he said, uses the ultra textures, full particle effects, shadows and lighting from the PC version.
"From a graphical fidelity perspective, I think people will be very impressed with what they see on the PS4. That's always one of those things people are sceptical about. I see every time we post an article like this I always get called out: 'haha, it's bullshit that he's saying it's going to look as good.' It really does."
The bottleneck is not on the GPU side but on the CPU side, Higby explained. "It's because we're tracking and updating so many different players moving on your screen and moving around at once. All that animation and all the audio that's associated with all those characters running around, all of their projectiles being simulated in their client, all those things end up hitting the CPU, not the GPU.
"So, generally when your frame-rates are low, it's a CPU problem, not a GPU problem. And that's where we're optimising right now, to get our CPU running faster so the game is running at a more consistent frame-rate on the PS4."
Higby said SOE is "running for 1080p" resolution on PS4, and, "we're still trying to shoot for 60fps". But as far as the frame-rate goes, this may change.
"We're trying to get a solid frame-rate," he said. "So if we go to 30 it'll be because we want to maintain a completely solid 30fps. But that's the optimisation we're working on right now. And we're still grinding on it.
"Generally speaking the client is running at well over 60fps. In a really big fight it bets bogged down. That's the bottleneck we're chasing down."
While there may be some movement on PlanetSide 2's frame-rate, we do know there will be no cross-platform play between PS4 and PC.
Technically it's possible - indeed SOE staff are playing the PS4 version on live PC servers as we speak. But the reality is it won't be featured.
"It has to do with platform exclusivity," Higby said.
"People don't necessarily want to be able to take a character you've spent money on on the PC and bring that character onto the PS4 without having spent money on the PS4.
"It also has to do with the way we do updates. On the PlayStation there's a process of QA that every update goes through. We won't be able to guarantee that our updates are in synch on the PC and the PS4 because of that. If we wanted to have the game be cross-platform we would need to make sure the servers were constantly in complete synch.
"But because of the additional layer of QA authentication that patches go through on the PlayStation platform, there's very little possibility of us being able to maintain a synch between the PC and the PS4. So a client could connect to one and maybe get something that doesn't even exist on the other one yet. That would cause all kinds of issues."
A former data center worker who worked at one of the World Trade Center (WTC) buildings before the 9/11 attacks has come forward with bombshell information that suggests explosives were planted in the buildings in the weeks prior to the attacks on September 11, 2001.
Scott Forbes was employed by Fiduciary Trust Company International, located on the 97th floor of the South Tower at the WTC complex. He says there were some very strange events in the weeks leading up to the attacks, including; a complete power down of the building for over 36 hours, and mysterious ‘engineers' doing work in the building using spools of wire just days before the 9/11 attacks.
Intellihub.com reports:
“The power down was on the Saturday and Sunday prior to 9/11, so that would have been the 8th and 9th of September,” Forbes said, who has never seen or heard of a similar occasion aside from the original bomb scare in 1993.
Forbes said the building was turned over by the New York Port Authority Saturday morning for the power down and was handed back over to the Port Authority some thirty hours later, leaving a massive security gap.
Forbes also said that he witnessed many people who looked like “engineers,” dressed in coveralls, carrying toolboxes and spools of wire who were coming and going during the blackout period.
Forbes said he was off work on Tuesday, the day of the attacks, and said that he witnessed the towers crumble into dust from his apartment in the distance, wondering if anything he had unknowingly done in the days prior while working in the South Tower had anything to do with the events of September 11th.
Additionally another former employee of Fiduciary Trust, named Gary Corbett, confirmed statements made by Forbes during a 2010 interview on the Reality Report. However, Corbett also pointed out that people who claimed to be part of “guided tours” were making their way into “secured areas” during the power down — areas of Fiduciary Trust that held gold and other valuables for JP Morgan. However, Corbett maintains the power down “started Friday night at the close of business […]” before it was restored at about “4 o'clock Sunday afternoon,” differing slightly from Forbes' story.
To boot, bomb sniffing dogs were removed from the complex on the Thursday, despite the fact that the complex had been on heightened alert for weeks prior to the attacks, under the orders of U.S. President George W. Bush's younger brother Marvin Bush who headed up security operations for the WTC at the time.
In a 2003 investigative report titled “Bush-Linked Company Handled Security for the WTC, Dulles and United,” Margie Burns explains:
George W. Bush's brother was on the board of directors of a company providing electronic security for the World Trade Center, Dulles International Airport and United Airlines, according to public records. The company was backed by an investment firm, the Kuwait-American Corp., also linked for years to the Bush family.
The security company, formerly named Securacom and now named Stratesec, is in Sterling, Va.. Its CEO, Barry McDaniel, said the company had a “completion contract” to handle some of the security at the World Trade Center “up to the day the buildings fell down.”
It also had a three-year contract to maintain electronic security systems at Dulles Airport, according to a Dulles contracting official. Securacom/Stratesec also handled some security for United Airlines in the 1990s, according to McDaniel, but it had been completed before his arriving on the board in 1998.
McDaniel confirmed that the company has security contracts with the Department of Defense, including the U.S. Army, but did not detail the nature of the work, citing security concerns. It has an ongoing line with the General Services Administration – meaning that its bids for contracts are noncompetitive – and also did security work for the Los Alamos laboratory before 1998.
Marvin P. Bush, the president's youngest brother, was a director at Stratesec from 1993 to fiscal year 2000. But the White House has not publicly disclosed Bush connections in any of its responses to 9/11, nor has it mentioned that another Bush-linked business had done security work for the facilities attacked.
Marvin Bush joined Securacom when it was capitalized by the Kuwait-American Corporation, a private investment firm in D.C. that was the security company's major investor, sometimes holding a controlling interest. Marvin Bush has not responded to telephone calls and e-mails for comment.
KuwAm has been linked to the Bush family financially since the Gulf War. One of its principals and a member of the Kuwaiti royal family, Mishal Yousef Saud al Sabah, served on the board of Stratesec.
The managing director at KuwAm, Wirt D. Walker III, was also a principal at Stratesec, and Walker, Marvin Bush and al Sabah are listed in SEC filings as significant shareholders in both companies during that period.
Marvin Bush's last year on the board at Stratesec coincided with his first year on the board of HCC Insurance, formerly Houston Casualty Co., one of the insurance carriers for the WTC. He left the HCC board in November 2002.
To this day the 9/11 Commission and the New York Port Authority deny the fact that the reported power down took place. The power down is likely one of the key elements being covered up by parties involved along with the actual disappearance of security tapes from the WTC complex.
There have been many hypotheses put forward to explain this phenomenon. Some believe it helps to reduce damage from turbulence wheras others believe it helps to increase movement around the leaves and helps avoid stagnation. The truth is, no one is entirely certain. However, a clue to the benefits of fenestration has come out of work done on an entirely unrelated terrestrial plant species.
The epiphytic arum commonly referred to as a Swiss cheese plant (Monstera deliciosa) also exhibits fenestrated leaves. Researchers at Indiana University in Bloomington have found that the holes in the leaves may actually help gather more light in a shaded environment. The understory of a rainforest and the underwater habitat in which the lace plant grows may be more similar in light availability than you would think. How would holes in the leaves allow the plant to gather more light?
As it turns out, a fenestrated leaf can grow much larger while still maintaining the same amount of surface area. By spreading out its surface area over a larger region, a fenestrated leaf is actually more efficient at gathering what limited light is available. More work needs to be done to see if this is truly the case for the lace plant but the idea is tantalizing to say the least. Sadly, like too much of Madagascar's wildlife, the lace plant is becoming quite rare in the wild due to habitat destruction. So, the next time you come across one of these in an aquarium store, make sure to give this plant the attention it deserves.
Further Reading: [1] [2] [3]
HYPOCRISY does not make you wrong, but it hands your critics a convenient weapon. When David Cameron, Britain's prime minister, visited Sri Lanka for the recent Commonwealth summit, he was right to insist loudly and publicly on the need for a proper investigation into the carnage at the end of its civil war in 2009. But this week, on his next trip to Asia, that robust riling of his hosts laid him open to charges of double standards, as he indulged in three days of conciliatory schmoozing in China.
Neither Sri Lanka's nor China's government would be surprised that the passion for truth and justice aired so volubly in Colombo was buried far deeper in Mr Cameron's luggage in Beijing. Neither accepts that Western “meddling” in their internal affairs on issues such as human rights flows from a genuine belief in universal principles. Rather, they see it as a self-serving diplomatic optional extra, to be discarded as soon as it jeopardises other interests. And China, unlike Sri Lanka, is powerful enough to make Western leaders hold their tongues.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Of course Western governments would deny this stoutly. Discussion of human rights, Britain says, is an integral part of its relationship with China. The two countries have held 20 rounds of a bilateral dialogue on the issue and British leaders raise it at every opportunity. But the 20th round was two years ago; and there is little evidence that Chinese leaders see the harping on human rights in private exchanges as more than an irritating quirk, like the British fondness for talking about the weather.
So the version of Mr Cameron's visit to China believed by many observers is one in which he has swallowed a big chunk of humble pie. After he met Tibet's exiled spiritual leader, the Dalai Lama, in London last year, an incensed China froze him and his country out. British business complained it was losing out to European competitors. Mr Cameron had to reconfirm that Britain does not advocate Tibetan independence and say that he had no plans to meet the Dalai Lama again.
Only then did China welcome him back, at the head of the biggest British trade mission ever to go there. In the circumstances, he could not risk making provocative public statements about China's “internal affairs”. It seems unlikely that the leader of any big European country will receive the Dalai Lama again. This week Global Times, a Communist Party paper, crowed that Britain, France and Germany dare not jointly provoke China “over the Dalai Lama issue”. Even America's Barack Obama delayed meeting the Dalai Lama until after his first visit to China in 2009, tacitly conceding China's point that the meeting was not a matter of principle, but a bargaining chip.
If China is getting its way diplomatically on Tibet, it is not because repression there has eased. Over the past two years, more than 120 Tibetans have set fire to themselves in protest. This week, exiles reported the sentencing of nine Tibetans for alleged separatist activity. Similarly, although freedoms for the majority in China have expanded, dissidents are still persecuted. The most famous of them, Liu Xiaobo, winner of the 2010 Nobel peace prize, remains in jail for no more than advocating peaceful, incremental political reform.
China has succeeded in shifting human rights and Tibet far down the agenda of its international relations for three reasons. One, of course, is its enormous and still fast-growing commercial clout. Not only is it an important market for sluggish Western economies. It is also a big potential investor—in high-speed rail and nuclear projects in Britain, for example.
Second, alarm at China's expanding military capacity and its assertive approach to territorial disputes is also demanding foreign attention. Joe Biden, the American vice-president, arrived in Beijing from Tokyo on December 4th. Liu Xiaobo and Tibet may have been among his talking-points, but a long way below China's declaration last month of an Air Defence Identification Zone (ADIZ) over islands disputed with Japan, and the economic issues on which he had hoped to concentrate.
A third factor is China's tactic of linking foreign criticism to economic and strategic issues. Global Times, not satisfied with Mr Cameron's contrition, used his visit to chide Britain for the support it has shown Japan over the ADIZ, and for its alleged fomenting of trouble in Hong Kong. China might argue that linkage is something it learned from the West, and the days when its normal trading ties with America were hostage to human-rights concerns. But now China itself seems happy to use commercial pressure to bully Japan or Britain, for example.
That democracy thing
It is also an advantage for China that the country is not much of an issue in the internal politics of its Western partners. No Western government faces a threat from an anti-government Chinese diaspora, let alone a Tibet lobby. By contrast, Sri Lankan politicians like to point out that their fiercest foreign critics are in countries, such as Britain and Canada, where governments seek the votes of ethnic-Tamil Sri Lankan émigrés, some of whom sympathise with the Tamil Tiger rebels routed in 2009. Canada's prime minister, Stephen Harper, boycotted the Commonwealth summit. So did Manmohan Singh, prime minister of India, where the Tamil vote is of even greater importance. Neither Mr Singh nor Mr Harper has any qualms about courting China's leaders.
Moreover, with domestic economies in the doldrums, Western voters seem not to want their leaders grandstanding on issues of moral principle abroad. In America, for example, for the first time in nearly 40 years of surveys, one just published by Pew Research found more than half (52%) of respondents agreeing that America should “mind its own business internationally”. So Western leaders have few incentives to act tough in China, and plenty of reasons to tone down their criticisms of its government. But hypocrisy does not make you right, either.
“Right now, socially, we are disintegrating.”
So says Mohamed ElBaradei, former head of the International Atomic Energy Agency and potential candidate for president of Egypt.
Indeed, post-revolutionary Egypt appears to be coming apart.
Since the heady days of Tahrir Square, Salafis have been killing Christians. Churches have been destroyed. Gangs have conducted mass prison breaks. The Muslim Brotherhood brims with confidence.
And demands are rising for the prosecution and execution of former president Hosni Mubarak.
“People do not feel secure,” says ElBaradei, “They are buying guns.” And as Anthony Shadid and David Kirkpatrick of The New York Times write, it is not only Egypt's future that is in doubt.
“(I)n the past weeks, the specter of divisions—religion in Egypt, fundamentalism in Tunisia, sect in Syria and Bahrain, clan in Libya—has threatened uprisings that once seemed to promise to resolve questions that have vexed the Arab world since the colonialism era.”
“People do not seem to seek equality with other cultures, faiths and tribes, but a separate existence in nations that are of, by and for themselves alone.”
Can the Arab revolts cope with “the cacophony of diversity … the Arab world's variety of clans, sects, ethnicities and religions?”
Or will we witness the disintegration of nations like Libya, Syria, Iraq and Yemen, as we did Ethiopia and the Sudan—and of African, Latin American, Asian and European nations, as well?
With the end of the Cold War in 1991, it seemed the world was moving toward unity. The post-Cold War era saw the expansion of the European Union, NAFTA and GATT, the creation of a World Trade Organization, the Rome Treaty for the prosecution of war crimes, the Kyoto Protocol, and the G-7 expand to the G-8 and then to the G-20.
Nations seemed to be coming together to solve global problems.
Today, nations seem everywhere to be coming apart.
Is the future more likely to bring deepening global integration, or continued disintegration, as we saw with the collapse and breakup of Czechoslovakia, the Soviet Union and Yugoslavia into 24 nations, separated along the lines of ethnicity, culture and faith?
What America has on offer to the world is democratic pluralism.
Unlike the Founding Fathers and every generation before 1960, all of which sought to keep us European and Christian, we declare to the world that diversity—religious, racial, ethnic, cultural, the more the better—is now the American ideal.
In 1960, 97 percent of all Americans spoke English. Today, we take pride in the fact that Americans speak hundreds of languages.
Pay to Play - Put your money where your mouth is and subscribe for an ad-free experience and to join the world famous Takimag comment board.
If you would like to see more articles like this please support our coverage of the space program by becoming a Spaceflight Now Member . If everyone who enjoys our website helps fund it, we can expand and improve our coverage further.
CAPE CANAVERAL — United Launch Alliance is preparing an Atlas 5 rocket to boost an undercover satellite into orbit for national security later this month.
Details are scarce and informed speculation is nonexistent in the lead up to launching the clandestine NROL-61 mission for the U.S. National Reconnaissance Office.
Liftoff is scheduled for July 28 during a four-hour unclassified launch period of 8 a.m. to 12 noon EDT (1200-1600 GMT).
Stacking of the rocket began Friday, July 8.
Satellite-deployments for the NRO are a mainstay in the U.S. launch industry as the agency sends up fresh replacements for its constellations of imaging, eavesdropping, surveillance and data-relay spacecraft.
This will be the 45th launch for the NRO in the past 20 years.
Although the NRO never discloses details about its operational satellites or the missions they will perform in orbit, experts who track the launches invariably figure out ahead of time what kind of payload is going up.
Repeat launches using the same variant of rocket time and again is one of the easiest clue to solving the mystery of a given NRO flight.
But NROL-61 is unique. Never before has the NRO used an Atlas 5 rocket in its 421 configuration with a four-meter-wide payload shroud and two solid rocket boosters.
That indicates something new — either a new generation that advances an existing type of NRO spacecraft or else something completely different from current methodologies.
“Inconclusive,” said Ted Molczan, a respected expert in satellite observing. “Looks like we will have to wait for the NOTAM coordinates.”
Understanding what NROL-61 will require the experts to wait for the NOTAMs — notices sent to airmen a few days before liftoff detailing hazard areas for the launch that will depict the rocket's trajectory, thereby narrowing the list of possible payload candidates.
“If headed northeastward, then probably SDS/Quasar. If due east, then apparently some new type or model of GEO sat,” Molczan said.
Since this Atlas 5 is on the low-end of payload capacity scale, a data-relay satellite going into a highly elliptical, highly inclined Molniya-type orbit currently used by such NRO spacecraft or a bird for similar uses headed for geosynchronous transfer orbit are hypothetical possibilities.
Today's NRO communications craft that route transmissions from polar-orbiting imagery-collection satellites are known in the public sphere as the Satellite Data System with the codename Quasar.
Experts caution, however, clues about this enigmatic satellite could remain murky until hobbyist observers find it in orbit and watch its behaviors to truly solve the puzzle.
In preparation for the launch, the 64th for an Atlas 5 and United Launch Alliance's 109th, workers Friday morning delivered the 106.6-foot-long, 12.5-foot-diameter first stage to Cape Canaveral's Vertical Integration Facility, used a crane to lift it upright and then placed it aboard the mobile launch platform to accomplish LVOS — Launch Vehicle On Stand.
The stacking will continue by attaching the twin solid rocket boosters and mating the barrel-like interstage and the single-engine Centaur upper stage. The payload, already encapsulated in nose cone, will be mated in the final week before flight.
The completed launcher will roll to the Complex 41 pad on July 26.
It will be the NRO's third launch this year, following a Delta 4 flight in February from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California that placed a radar-imaging satellite in a retrograde orbit and a Delta 4-Heavy in June from Cape Canaveral that flew to geosynchronous orbit to deploy an eavesdropping craft.
For the Atlas 5, it will be the fourth of 10 launches planned in 2016. It has another hush-hush payload to launch in December, the NROL-79 mission, from Vandenberg.
See earlier NROL-61 coverage.
Our Atlas archive.
Auto-tuned beardo Justin Vernon might give the appearance of a loafer, but you'd be surprised: In between recent collaborations with Kanye West, Alicia Keys, and songwriter Kathleen Edwards, the Bon Iver frontman miraculously found time to reconvene with his other, other side project, Volcano Choir, his group with Wisconsin sound-collagists Collections of Colonies of Bees. The group's second album, Repaveanother gorgeous swirl of droning, falsetto-fueled post-rockis out on September 3.
You've been busy.
I've been living in my recording studio, so it's like, I'd rather not book the recording studio for other people to use. I'd rather use it myself.
You're in at least five different bands. Is it easy to switch back and forth?
In Bon Iver, it's just me kind of making every shot, or working with Kanye, it's just like, Hey, what does Kanye want? Or Shouting Matches is, Oh, let's drink twenty beers and have fun and play gospel music. I think it's really healthy for me to exercise all those different muscles.
What happens if two bands want your attention at the same time?
Well, you just tell 'em, you know? And they're like, Oh, okay.
So it's not like a girlfriend?
That's a different answer to that question. But no, they're very accepting.
Repave sounds a bit more concrete than the first Volcano Choir album.
Yeah. We were in Japan playing our first shows as a band, and just naturally they became a little bit more structured. So we were just sitting around like, You guys, we could really write, like, catchy music, and it wouldn't be shitty, because we're us and we're coming from where we're coming from.
Are you opposed to catchy songs?
I think the goal is to not make a decision based on what you think people will buy, or what's easy to sell.
Do you cut parts that sound too appealing?
We actually wrote a couple songs that didn't make this record. When you're a nerd about records like we all are, you don't want a song to distract from an overall statement or a flow or a mood. It's like making a movie, you know? You can't just throw in like a sex scene or something just because you need to sell tickets.
What does it feel like when people latch on to a song anyway, like with Bon Iver's Skinny Love?
Well, you're really happy that they get something out of the song. People seem to play that song at their weddings a lot, which is kinda weird. It is a break-up song. I think they just hear the word love and then patience and kindness and all that stuff.
You worked with Kanye again on Yeezus. How did I'm In It come together?
I was sitting around working with another band of mine that I can't talk about yetI apologize for thatbut the power went out in the barn, and we couldn't work on anything. We're playing guitar around the campfire, drinking too many beers, and this starfucker thing came to me. So [later] I was sitting around writing for Kanye, and it just sort of popped into my head.
Can you say, Hey, I have this idea to Kanye?
The first time that we worked together [on 2010's My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy], we developed enough of a trust that he knew I was going to go try to kill it as hard as possible on a song. I was only there for a couple of days this time. I probably had ten songs I worked on for Yeezus, and I think I ended up on three.
What happens to the other songs?
That, I cannot comment on. They probably go into some larger pool of who knows what, that can be used for anything later.
The State Department announced Wednesday evening the abrupt cancellation of a program that gave youth fleeing violence in Central America the chance to apply for asylum and join their families in the United States. While the Trump administration had already narrowed the scope of the Obama-era initiative and indicated it would shut it down entirely, the program is being ended with barely a 24-hour notice. Families already in the process of applying had just until midnight last night to get their paperwork filed.
The short window to finish applications “amounts to a cruel willingness to interfere” with the process, said Hans Van de Weerd of the International Rescue Committee in a statement, calling it “sabotage.”
“It's hard to see how canceling the program directly benefits any U.S. citizen other than the president himself,” said Noah Bullock, director of the Central American human rights organization Cristosal.
The Central American Minors program, or CAM, allowed children who were fleeing violence in Guatemala, Honduras, or El Salvador and had family members legally in the United States to apply for asylum from within their home country. Applicants who didn't meet the criteria for asylum were also eligible to receive a temporary humanitarian parole that granted them permission to stay in the United States for two years.
CAM was part of the Obama administration's response to the 2014 arrival of tens of thousands of unaccompanied Central American children on the southern U.S. border. It was created in an attempt to discourage families from sending their children on the perilous journey north along a route on which migrants are often killed, kidnapped, or assaulted. Most of these children were fleeing threats from gangs, organized crime, and state security forces.
While CAM was limited in scope and slow moving, Lilian Alba, who works with the refugee resettlement agency, International Institute of Los Angeles, said, “There is no question in our mind that this program saved lives.”
As of August of this year, 1,627 youth had been brought to the United States as refugees through CAM. Another 1,465 had come on temporary parole.
Alba said that the entire process had slowed to a crawl in January, when Central American organizations also noticed a freeze. Then, in August, the administration canceled the parole portion of the program. Some 2,700 children who had been approved for parole and were waiting on travel arrangements were told that their acceptance had been revoked.
In an interview in September, Alba said her office was flooded with queries from anxious parents trying to find alternatives to bring their children to safety.
“What's even worse is that simply to participate in these programs is already putting yourself at risk,” said Joshua Leach, associate for programs, research, and advocacy at the Unitarian Universalist Service Committee. “You have to leave your home and go to the interview site at conspicuous times of day, you have to hire transportation, and do this repeatedly over the course of the year, drawing attention to yourself. That's really the perversity here, of the government taking people through this process, acknowledging the danger that they're in, and then pulling the plug.”
Especially in El Salvador, where the majority of CAM cases originated, it is very hard to hide from threats, said Rick Jones, deputy regional director for Latin America and the Caribbean for Catholic Relief Services.
“People move inside the country first, they try, but they exhaust their options here. These are mostly working-class and poor folks, and where they can afford to go, it's probably a gang area,” said Jones, who is based in San Salvador. “The [gangs'] ability to track people, and their networks, has really increased.”
Vinicio Sandoval, from the Independent Monitoring Group of El Salvador, or GMIES, a rights organization that has studied CAM, said most people hid in the homes of family members while waiting for their interviews with U.S. officials. He described the case of a 17-year-old boy who was confined for months in his house because the threats he faced were so severe that he couldn't go outside. His face lost its color, and there was a permanent indentation in the couch where he sat, day in and day out, in front of the television.
GMIES and other organizations had criticized the lack of publicity within El Salvador, Honduras, and Guatemala about the program from the U.S. government, even under the Obama administration. In fact, one year after CAM began, not one child had entered the U.S. under the program, the New York Times reported in 2015.
For Leach, the main limitation was that CAM addressed only a sliver of the asylum-seeking population, due to “the fact that the parents have to have status in the U.S., the fact that you are drawing attention to yourself, that it takes a long time, that if your life is in danger you need to be in hiding. In-country processing is fraught with certain dangers.”
Despite these critiques, or perhaps because of them, over time CAM greatly improved, said Sandoval in San Salvador. “It could have been better, definitely. But it established best practices, and it proved that it's possible to find viable alternatives that offer true solutions.” And Leach's colleague Amber Moulton said, “We had hoped for an expansion of CAM rather than rescinding or stopping it.”
Without it, the only option for persecuted youth is to flee to another country or try to reach the U.S. border and present themselves there. In the wake of CAM's cancellation, “the wave of minors being moved through land borders will increase again, and with that, human trafficking for sexual exploitation will increase,” said Guatemalan organizer Guillermo Castillo, who lives in the U.S. and works with the group, Cooperación Migrante. For the children who remain home, it “could mean they will end up being vulnerable candidates for forced recruitment into criminal groups, or facing death if they refuse.”
El Salvadorian immigrant Melissa, 11, is taken into custody by Border Patrol agents after their Central American families crossed the Rio Grande from Mexico into the United States to seek asylum on April 14, 2016 in Roma, Texas. Photo: John Moore/Getty Images
In under a year, the Trump administration has taken steps to drastically reshape U.S. refugee policy in ways that would undermine long-standing protections. On top of executive orders capping refugee admissions, the Department of Homeland Security has said it will “intensify” vetting of women and children refugees. Attorney General Jeff Sessions and White House Chief of Staff John Kelly have both sought to delegitimize the claims of asylum-seekers, saying that there is “rampant abuse,” and that people are “schooled by traffickers.” This summer, a lawsuit alleged that officers were intimidating and lying to asylum-seekers at the border.
Salvadorans and Hondurans, two of the countries eligible for CAM, may also soon face the end of temporary protected status, or TPS, which gives citizens of certain countries recovering from disasters, armed conflict, or “other extraordinary and temporary conditions” the right to stay and work in the U.S. This week, the DHS announced it would end TPS for Nicaraguans, and hundreds of thousands of Hondurans, Haitians, and Salvadorans await decisions on their countries. The two programs were interwoven, said Sandoval, as in many cases, it was family members with TPS status who were petitioning to bring their children to the United States through CAM.
“We recognize countries' sovereign decisions to limit or amplify their own refugee programs, but given the truly grave insecurity in which a significant part of the Salvadoran population lives, of course these decisions concern us greatly,” said Gerardo Alegría, assistant ombudsman for migration and citizen security in the office of the Human Rights Ombudsman of El Salvador. “Emigration from our country is forced, and what people need is the chance to find safety in other countries.”
Young people left behind in the so-called Northern Triangle, comprised of three countries with epidemic violence — El Salvador, Honduras, and Guatemala — face daily, well-documented threats from gangs for myriad reasons: for crossing through territory run by a different gang than the one in their neighborhood, even if they themselves are not gang members; for witnessing a crime or being unable to pay extortion taxes; for being confused with a gang target; for having dated a gang member or for refusing one's advances. Some are forcibly recruited by gangs and receive threats if they refuse to join.
A zero-tolerance approach to policing gangs, inaugurated in El Salvador in 2003 and supported by the United States, has only made the situation worse. In response to iron-fist policing, the gangs ballooned, spread regionally, and grew more violent.
Zero-tolerance has also produced another danger: police and military forces that systemically abuse poor Salvadorans under the guise of fighting gangs. Children and teenagers face daily interrogation, beating, and baseless registration into the justice system and jailing. They have been framed with phantom drug and gang charges. Rampant extrajudicial assassinations and forced disappearances of young people by state security forces, a crime last prevalent during the country's civil war, sparked the investigative outlet El Faro to compare the current police and army with the infamous, U.S.-supported National Guard that engaged in massacres, torture, and extrajudicial assassinations during the 12-year Salvadoran Civil War and that was disbanded at the conflict's end in 1992. Another investigative news outlet, Revista Factum, has reported that the police force uses WhatsApp groups to plot and report back on torture, rape, and murder. Similar abuses of authority have been documented in Honduras and Guatemala. All three countries receive millions of dollars of U.S. security assistance for their police and military forces.
Sessions has professed his commitment to zero-tolerance policies, and analysts anticipate that the Trump administration will continue to support a militarized response to gang violence alongside the narrowing or elimination of possibilities for legal migration and asylum.
“What the U.S. is interested in is security, its own security, and not the reasons why people are migrating,” said Sindy Hernández Bonilla, a researcher on migration at Guatemala's Rafael Landivar University.
Reporting for this story was supported by the International Women's Media Foundation, as part of the Adelante Latin America Reporting Initiative.
The definition of the term people refer to as a "Baron Steal" is when the Baron is killed by the opposing team rather than the one that started it. Baron Steals are always a common phenomenon in League and are something that all Junglers, both in amateur and especially in competitive play, need to perfect.
It is something that hypes up the crowd more than anything else on the big stage, turns the tides of the game in a second, and leads teams to either success or failure. It's also no coincidence that some of the biggest and most remarkable plays in the history of League of Legends have happened inside the Baron Pit.
This time, we take a look at a Baron Steal that happened in Game 2 of the Team Dignitas vs FlyQuest series during the 2017 NA LCS Spring Split. The way this exact Baron Steal was executed as well as the philosophy behind it, is definitely something I want to talk about.
The Background
We already lead the series 1-0, but it is the second game of the series and things are not so in favor of us. Despite only 3K gold separating the two teams, FlyQuest has two extra towers (which means less vision and map presence for us), and 2 Mountain Drakes, a dragon buff that is considered the most important of all in competitive play especially for Baron-oriented plays.
The exact moment FlyQuest attempts to start the Baron, minions are slowly pushing in on our Top Inhibitor Turret and our Bot Tier 2. This means that, if FlyQuest picked Baron up with no casualties, they could very easily force a fight Top, which would mean an Inhibitor down at the least. So, our only chance of coming back is to steal this Baron away from them.
The Set Up
As far as vision is concerned, despite the fact that we don't have wards placed inside Baron's immediate area, we have vision inside every bush on our side of the Jungle. Given that, it is relatively easy to guess when the enemies have gone to Baron to either start it or to set a trap.
Accordingly, our first action is LOD activating his Curtain Call on Jhin, to ensure vision inside the Baron Pit. Ssumday then, seeing that the enemies have already started, proceeds to stand right behind the wall, waiting for the perfect time to engage and Chaser stays right behind him.
The Counter
Of course, FlyQuest would not allow Chaser to enter the Pit that easily. Hai's Jarvan and Lemonnation's Malzahar engage onto him as soon as Baron is 2K HP away from dying and try to lock him down for as long as possible, so that Moon will be able to safely Smite it away.
They both cast their ultimates on him, locking him down in a tiny area and suppressing him long enough for Baron to die. Indeed, the suppression duration from Lemon would have probably been more than enough for FlyQuest to chunk the Baron down and get the Baron buff uncontested.
Countering the Counter
Right now, everything looks smooth for FlyQuest. Two of them have locked Chaser down and the rest are all attacking Baron simultaneously.
At the same time, Ssumday's Maokai Flashes into the pit with his ultimate activated, to ensure that it is clear for Chaser to get in there as well. Seeing that Lemon has Chaser pinned down though, he immediately casts his Arcane Smash to break his channel, cutting the tether on Chaser.
The Miraculous Steal
Once he is cut loose from his bonds, Chaser immediately Flashes into the pit and Smites the Baron. But let's take a closer look here as it all happened within fractions of a second.
As Maokai connects his Arcane Smash to Malzahar, Chaser instantly Flashes out of the Jarvan ultimate and into the Baron Pit, and he proceeds to Leap and Q mid-air for extra damage, along with to Smite which eventually secured the Baron. At the time he used his Smite, the Baron was sitting on 440 HP, which is a lot less compared to the 760 damage a 13 level Kha'Zix does with his Smite.
The Close-Up
After Chaser stole the Baron, it was a piece of cake for the rest of the team to clean up the enemies, which they did, with Keane rampaging through them. You can get a more detailed look into the whole fight and not just the Baron Steal here.
A Series-Ending Play
After winning this very fight, we got back into the game. We started advancing our gold lead steadily, which eventually led to us winning the game, closing out this series 2-0. You might as well check out our full recap of this game here.
Looking ahead for the Spring Split
Finishing 6th in the Spring Split after such a shaky start, we managed to show everyone that we truly are a team that can bounce off of any crazy situations and come back stronger than ever. We are more than ready to fight in the Summer Split to achieve more than we ever have before. See you guys at the NA LCS kick-off, which is approximately 2 weeks away from now.
I should probably start by saying something I struggle to share in public:
I am not a Steve Mason apologist.
I know, I know, I'm not a real fan. I don't know hockey, and I'm a bigger idiot than Dave Hakstol. Yes, I know that Michael Neuvirth is way too injury-prone, Anthony Stolarz is too young and not ready, and do you have a minute to talk about Steve Mason's relative 5v5 save percentage? I've heard all of that and more during the last two seasons, when the Flyers found themselves with an injured, aging captain, a streaky Czech winger, a defensive group that made us miss Braydon Coburn of all people, and a roster utterly devoid of anyone you could confidently call a superstar. It makes sense that in the absence of a true standout player the Flyers faithful rallied around their starting goaltender, and it's true that he was often the best player on the team on any given night.
So here's what I think about Steve Mason: he's just fine. He's a serviceable, above-average NHL starting goaltender. He came to this city four years ago and, for those four years, he did his job. Was it done exceptionally? At times, sure. However, there were just as many times that he couldn't get out of his own way. Ultimately, it doesn't matter anymore what I think of Mason because he is in Winnipeg (and looking every bit the stopgap starter he would have been had he stayed here), while Connor Hellebuyck prepares for the day he takes over the Jets' crease long term. I was admittedly not as upset as some were when it became clear during the NHL free agency period that Mason wasn't coming back. He needed a change of scenery, and his contract demands would have been too much for a team that's in “win eventually” mode, like the predicament that Philadelphia finds themselves in. Regardless of how you feel about Steve Mason, it's time to look ahead to next season and the Flyers debut of Brian Elliott, a 6'3″ journeyman who should make at least half the starts in goal for the Flyers next season. Elliott signed in Philly to mixed reception, but the most important news is that he is signed for 2 years at an AAV of $2.75M, versus the 2 years at $4.1M per Mason was tendered to in Winnipeg. For Flyers fans that wept when they heard of Mason's departure, what can they look forward to in Brian Elliott?
Experience In Goalie Rotations
One of the issues that ultimately drove a wedge between the Flyers and Mason was Mason's desire to be a true #1 goalie, and not part of the 1a/1b scenario with Neuvirth. The Flyers (rightfully, in my opinion) were not ready to make that commitment. Brian Elliott will have no such hangups about playing in a goaltender rotation, as he has done for the majority of his career. In his five years with the Blues, he has split time with the likes of Jaroslav Halak, Jake Allen, Ryan Miller (oh yeah, that happened), and Martin Brodeur (yes, THAT Martin Brodeur). Even in his lone year in Colorado, he shared the crease with Craig Anderson and Peter Budaj. Also, in Ottawa, he fought for starts with Alex Auld, Pascal Leclaire, and another Brodeur – distant relative to Martin, Mike.
Elliott has never played in more than 55 games, and that season came seven years ago. In his previous six seasons he has started 38, 24, 31, 46, 42, and 49 games. He should be more than capable of coming to Philadelphia, starting around 40 games, and sharing time with Neuvirth and Stolarz. Ron Hextall will have the ability to put a competent goaltender in net, while allowing himself and Coach Hakstol the ability to try out the kids and see what they have in the pipeline. Hopefully, this will all result in putting together a team that has the potential to play meaningful games in March. This might be the biggest advantage of a guy like Elliott, an experienced team player who can perform consistently on an inconsistent schedule.
Shootout Ability
Whether you like Steve Mason or not, one fact is immutable: he is bad in shootouts. Last season he had a career best .776 save percentage on 36 attempts faced, but his highest season mark before that was .710 in his Calder Trophy rookie season. In the six seasons between those two high watermarks, he's never been better than .667, and his career average is .665, on 229 attempts against (good for 48th out of 76 active goaltenders who have faced at least 10 attempts). Elliott, on the other hand, was 8th in the NHL last year, yielding just 2 goals in 12 attempts faced. Michael Neuvirth was best in the league, stopping all 6 shots he faced. Elliott's career totals show a .673 save percentage facing 165 attempts, but in the last 3 seasons he's stopped 42 of 58 attempts faced, which puts him at .724.
The first thing you think of when you hear the name “Brian Elliot” is likely the meltdown he had last season versus the Anaheim Ducks in the first round of the Stanley Cup Playoffs. He faced 100 shots, got lit up for 12 goals, and the Ducks shoved the Flames out of the bracket in four games. However, it's important to remember that Elliott is only one season removed from having the best save percentage in the NHL, and carrying the Blues to the Western Conference Finals against the Sharks in 2015-16.
In conclusion, Brian Elliott is basically Steve Mason. I mean, they even look a bit alike if you squint really hard, wear eyeglasses of the wrong prescription, and ignore the fact that they wear their catch gloves on opposite hands. Their career stats aren't too dissimilar; they both have shown seasons of elite play, and have each had a couple of years they'd rather forget. Elliott has a couple of specific traits that can help this Flyers team but otherwise, you really shouldn't notice a difference in the Flyers' net this season. In short, Elliott should provide a security blanket while Flyers fans enjoy the more sweeping changes at the center and defense positions over the next two seasons.
JT is waiting until wiffleball is added as an Olympic sport to continue his athletic career, but for now, he writes about the Flyers and Eagles. He also coaches a Mite hockey team, and is hoping to work his up the ladder until he is coaching Team USA – he can't be worse than Bylsma. http://gnghockey.com
Thugs allegedly hurled "vile" anti-Semitic abuse at Jews as they entered a Synagogue for morning prayer in north London.
Metropolitan Police were called to Dunsmere Road, Stamford Hill, around 9am on Saturday.
Two men allegedly shouted anti-Semitic abuse at pedestrians walking to morning prayer along Stamford Hill, witnesses said.
They then walked into the garden of the Viznitz Synagogue in the road and threatened worshippers, according to bystanders.
Barry Bard, Supervisor at Stamford Hill Shomrim said: "Many Jewish people were targeted with vile anti-Semitic abuse and threats whilst minding their own business on their way to Synagogue for Shabbos morning prayers, this was wholly unacceptable. Unfortunately anti-Semitic attacks in Stamford Hill are all too common.
"Shomrim will continue to support victims and to encourage reporting of these incidents to police."
Scotland Yard confirmed police had been called to the area amid reports of men making anti-Semitic remarks.
A 32-year-old man and a 34-year-old man were arrested on suspicion of a racially aggravated public order offence.
The 32-year-old has been bailed until early April.
No further action will be taken against the 34-year-old, police said.
Enquiries continue.
Dunalley: How a small town in south-east Tasmania uses boxing to strengthen community
Posted
On any given night in the small coastal town of Dunalley, in south-east Tasmania, groups of young people can be seen running up and down the main street.
They are the members of the South East Boxing Club, a small community gym in Dunalley owned by former boxer and club coach Scott Griffiths.
After losing his house and all his family possessions in the 2013 bushfires that caused widespread devastation in Dunalley, Mr Griffiths built his gym on the same spot where his house once stood.
Starting with a few local youths, he has created a nurturing and empowering culture where young and old members are supported and encouraged.
"I just built it to give something to the kids in the community to do, and [to] learn about fitness and self defence and what the attributes of boxing give you," Mr Griffiths said.
The boxing club is now the go-to place after school or work, with some members travelling more than an hour and a half to attend training.
"I think it's giving them the power to change their lives, not someone telling them what to do, not 'You've got to do this' or their parents saying 'You've got to do this, you've got to change'," he said.
Anger paves way for beginnings
For 19-year-old local Jaidyn Panton, learning to box and being part of the club has been a transformative experience, something Mr Griffiths witnessed first-hand.
"He's come along really great as a person, and I see that anger drifting away and being a more focused person and focused on his future more," he said.
Mr Panton used that anger as motivation to create an opportunity to change his life.
"Before I came to the gym I had a lot of anger built up, sort of through what's happened in my life and choosing the wrong paths," Mr Panton said.
"And ever since now, I've lost a bit of anger and yeah, it's good to see I'm taking it out in the gym instead of on my life.
"Pretty much every day I'll wake up and I'll have a hundred things going through my mind.
"One way to change that is to come to the gym and I sort of get it all out."
With two wins and two losses under his belt, and recovering from a knee injury, Mr Panton is eager to get back in the ring and has his sights set on winning the featherweight Tasmanian title.
"I always loved to feel like I belong somewhere and this is pretty much the only spot where I feel like I belong," he said.
The hook: Cruisin' for a bruisin'
Assistant coach Karen Jackson, who is ranked number two in the cruiserweight category in Australia, also lost everything in the bushfires.
"I started getting really anxious and upset about things and I heard about the boxing gym, and I thought what a great way to vent some of that anger," Ms Jackson said.
She is now training the next generation of South East Boxing Gym members, which she said was the next best thing to competitive fighting.
"The gym's definitely an outlet and it's somewhere to go when I need to get away. It's my timeout," she said.
Rising from the ashes, accolades repay the faith
Mr Panton said he was lucky to have the opportunity to live so close to a boxing gym, having met Mr Griffiths five years ago.
"He's helped me pretty much through thick and thin. He's my father figure pretty much," Mr Panton said.
"I've got lots of love and support behind me to help me grow further and it's pretty much the only place I want to be."
Winning is not everything at this club, but those who do bring home a trophy leave it on the club's shelf as a sign of respect to Mr Griffiths, who lost all of his boxing trophies in the fires.
"The fires went through and Griffo's lost his house and all his belongings and pretty much everything that he owned," Mr Panton said.
"The boxers are more than happy to take them home but the majority of us leave them up there just to show a bit of initiative and a bit of appreciation to everything he's done for us."
Mr Panton's transformation into a competitive boxer is just one example of the relationships Mr Griffiths has built with the Dunalley community in the past five years.
"I don't know if he thought it would ever get this big but it has and it's great to see," Mr Panton said.
Watch Back Roads on ABC TV 8pm Monday
Past episodes or extras are on iView or at www.abc.net.au/backroads
#BackRoads Heather Ewart returns to the Back Roads of Australia, to discover more resilient country towns and the inspiring people who live in them. She meets communities whose good humour and inventiveness will inspire and uplift.
Topics: sport, boxing, community-and-society, community-organisations, regional, dunalley-7177, tas
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Overeating, lack of health insurance access and comparatively high poverty are among the many reasons why Americans are less healthy and die younger than people in other wealthy countries, a report requested by the U.S. government showed on Wednesday.
Women sit on a bench in New York's Times Square May 31, 2012. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
The United States spends more per person on healthcare than any other nation but lags on many important health measures amid higher rates of obesity and heart disease and worse infant mortality rates than other rich countries.
The 404-page report by the National Research Council and Institute of Medicine, which provide advice to U.S. policymakers, compared the health of Americans to that of people in 16 other rich countries. They included Canada, Japan, Australia and 13 western European countries including Britain, France, Italy, Switzerland and Germany.
“Americans are dying and suffering at rates that we know are unnecessary, because people in other high-income countries are living longer lives and enjoying better health. What concerns our panel is why, for decades, we have been slipping behind,” said Steven Woolf, a medical professor at Virginia Commonwealth University who led the panel that produced the report.
Americans overall fared the worst among the countries in the report when it came to nine areas: infant mortality; injury and homicide rates; teen pregnancy and sexually transmitted diseases; HIV infection and AIDS; drug abuse; obesity and diabetes; heart disease; lung disease; and disabilities.
“No single factor can fully explain the U.S. health disadvantage,” the researchers said.
The report, sought by the U.S. government's National Institutes of Health, underscored what health experts have long known: Americans on average die younger than people in other rich countries and are in poorer health for much of their lives.
Two-thirds of Americans are considered overweight or obese. The report also noted that Americans on average consume more calories than people in most similar countries and have lower physical activity levels.
The United States also has a higher infant mortality rate than the other countries, with 32.7 deaths per 100,000, the report showed. Most similar countries have infant mortality rates between 15 and 25 deaths per 100,000.
“The U.S. health disadvantage has multiple causes and involves some combination of inadequate healthcare, unhealthy behaviors, adverse economic and social conditions, and environmental factors, as well as public policies and social values that shape those conditions,” it said.
President Barack Obama in 2010 signed a law vigorously opposed by Republicans in Congress intended to improve access to medical insurance and rein in healthcare spending.
The U.S. healthcare system is a patchwork of private insurance often provided through an employer as well as public programs aimed at the elderly, disabled and poor. Tens of millions of Americans are left with no insurance to help pay for care.
Some major parts of the U.S. law have yet to take effect and critics challenge many aspects of it.
People in other rich nations generally get medical care through national healthcare systems.
LIFE EXPECTANCY
Americans on average are living longer than in the past, but the lifespan gains lag those of other nations, the report found.
U.S. men ranked last when it comes to longevity - about 75.6 years compared to 79 years for men in Switzerland, the top-ranked country. U.S. women ranked next to last, living about 80.8 years compared to 86 years for women in No. 1-ranked Japan.
“This disadvantage has been getting worse for three decades, especially among women,” researchers said.
Americans fared better in some areas with fewer deaths from cancer and better control of cholesterol and blood pressure.
Understanding the reason for poorer outcomes despite the roughly $2.6 trillion, and rising, that the United States spends annually on healthcare is a major issue as the nation struggles to revive its economy.
“Shorter lives and poorer health in the United States will ultimately harm the nation's economy as healthcare costs rise and the workforce remains less healthy than that of other high-income countries,” the researchers wrote.
While part of the problem is likely linked to the increased gap between wealthy and low-income Americans and higher levels of poverty overall, the report said that does not fully explain the U.S. disadvantage. The report noted that even educated, upper income Americans with health insurance “are in worse health” than similar people in the other countries.
The researchers said the United States should look at policies that work in countries “with superior health” to seek answers. Without action, they said, “the health of Americans will probably continue to fall behind.”
Rwanda's highest court ruled today (Oct 8) that president Paul Kagame should be able to run for a third term. The supreme court rejected challenges from the opposition party over parliament's move to abolish term limits this summer, stating, “All depends on the opinions of the people.”
The president, in power since 2003, helped lead his country out of the chaos of the 1994 genocide that killed an estimated 800,000 people. A poll in August claimed that a country-wide survey found only 10 Rwandans that opposed a third term for Kagame.
Whether or not Kagame will hold onto power has become a question of whether Africa's “big man syndrome“ will continue in a country that has made remarkable progress transforming itself from a war-torn state to one of the stablest and fastest growing economies on the continent.
Leaders holding fast to power continues to be a trademark of African politics. This month, the Congo Republic is voting on constitutional changes that would allow president Denis Sassou Nguesso, in power for decades, to stay in office. Burundi's president Pierre Nkurunziza's run for a third term in July resulted in months of protests and an attempted coup.
For years, Kagame had said that when his two terms were up he would step aside. Then in July, the government's largely pro-Kagame parliament passed a motion calling for a referendum to amend the constitution's stance on terms. The referendum is unlikely to fail, given the government's tight control over domestic media and civil society, as well as widespread public support for Kagame.
Kagame has not announced that he would run again in the 2017 election, but has hinted he is open to the idea, asserting that “Term limits have nothing to do with democracy.” In 2017, he will have been in office for 14 years and will serve another seven years if he is re-elected.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel makes an overture to new French President Emmanuel Macron by saying she is open to considering his ideas to reform the eurozone
ADVERTISING Read more
Berlin (AFP)
German Chancellor Angela Merkel said Tuesday she was prepared to consider new French President Emmanuel Macron's proposals for a shake-up of the eurozone.
Speaking to business leaders in Berlin, Merkel acknowledged that the "economic cohesion of the eurozone member states leaves something to be desired".
Merkel, who is running for a fourth term in a September general election, said Germany would be open to an "economic government" to pool "best practices" for promoting jobs and growth among the 19 eurozone members.
"We could of course consider a common finance minister, if the circumstances are right" with the proper balance among risk, liability for debt and the power to dictate policy, Merkel said.
"We could also consider a euro-budget if it is clear that we are really strengthening the structure of the economy and doing sensible things," she added, backing another suggestion by the French leader.
During his campaign, Macron had put forward ideas for reforming the eurozone, noting that the currency bloc cannot go on as it is if it wanted to avoid falling prey to protest and populism.
Among reforms he wants to see are setting up a separate budget for the group, as well as giving it its own parliament and finance minister.
Macron has forged the beginnings of a strong working relationship with the German leader since his election last month and chose Berlin for his first trip abroad as president.
At a joint press conference, Merkel threw her support behind Macron's call for a "historic reconstruction" of the European Union, even expressing openness to a possible change to key treaties governing the bloc despite some scepticism in Berlin.
Germany and France, traditionally the twin engines of European integration, agreed last month to launch a bilateral panel to kickstart the eurozone reform process.
The new working group will look at how the currency bloc can better coordinate economic policies, harmonise its tax regime and find potential Franco-German investment projects.
The bilateral panel will report to a joint ministerial meeting of the eurozone's two biggest players in July.
© 2017 AFP
Alphabet's Waymo subsidiary has filed a lawsuit against Uber over the theft and replication of a key self-driving component. Former employees working on Google's self-driving project allegedly stole information before leaving for a start-up that was purchased by Uber.
LiDAR, which allows vehicles to “see” the world, is the key technology in question. Waymo has made no secret of how its in-house sensor suite is a competitive advantage against other self-driving efforts that just purchase off-the-shelf cameras and radar. Work done by Google has significantly reduced the cost of the component from $75,000 in 2009 to $7,500 this year.
Last year, Uber purchased Otto, a start-up founded by a former Googler on the self-driving team. The suit alleges that before leaving the current head of Uber's self-driving technology, along with other current Uber employees, concocted a plan to “steal Waymo's trade secrets and intellectual property.”
We found that six weeks before his resignation this former employee, Anthony Levandowski, downloaded over 14,000 highly confidential and proprietary design files for Waymo's various hardware systems, including designs of Waymo's LiDAR and circuit board. Beyond Mr. Levandowki's actions, we discovered that other former Waymo employees, now at Otto and Uber, downloaded additional highly confidential information pertaining to our custom-built LiDAR including supplier lists, manufacturing details and statements of work with highly technical information.
Waymo discovered the similarity between their LiDAR circuit board and Uber's on accident:
Recently, we received an unexpected email. One of our suppliers specializing in LiDAR components sent us an attachment (apparently inadvertently) of machine drawings of what was purported to be Uber's LiDAR circuit board — except its design bore a striking resemblance to Waymo's unique LiDAR design.
In a blog post, Waymo notes that this lawsuit was not taken lightly due to Alphabet's and Uber's key partnerships in other areas.
Interestingly, Alphabet's suit mirrors an ongoing Tesla claim that its previous Autopilot head stole company data before leaving to form a new self-driving venture with another ex-Googler. The competition is fierce in the self-driving space.
on •
THE GUERRILLA ANGEL REPORT — Michelle Kosilek, the transgender Massachusetts prisoner who a federal judge said the denial of her doctor's recommendation of sex reassignment surgery amounted to cruel and unusual punishment, has found yet another twist in her legal pursuit of getting medical care. A Massachusetts legislator wants to run an amendment through the legislature to block payment of a federal judge's order to have the surgery.
The state of Massachusetts apparently denied Kosilek's attorney's offer to drop the $800,000 in legal fees awarded if they let her have the surgery and are instead filing an appeal of the decision. State Rep. John H. Rogers, a Democrat, however, wants to go further and block her medical funding through legislative action unless the U.S. Supreme Court tells them otherwise.
The legal ramifications of this could return to haunt the legislature. Deliberately doing an end run around a federal judge's ruling that the state is engaging in cruel and unusual punishment is unwise on any level.
Not much about this case is making sense, including Rogers' actions — stay tuned.
More on the federal judge's ruling for Michelle Kosilek's SRS: https://lexiecannes.wordpress.com/2012/09/26/gov-patrick-its-not-about-sex-reassignment-surgery-or-the-cost/
https://lexiecannes.wordpress.com/2012/09/08/transgender-inmate-srs-saga-dont-second-guess-judge-unless-prepared-to-deal-with-onslaught-of-marbles/
Zack Ford gets into the specific legal ramifications here: Anti-Trans Massachusetts Lawmaker Attempts To Circumvent Federal Court Ruling | ThinkProgress.
——-
You're welcome to share this entire article!
Follow this topic on Lexie Cannes' Facebook page: http://www.facebook.com/lexiecannes
Support this site, get the transgender-themed feature film “Lexie Cannes“ DVD here: http://www.lexiecannes.com/id13.html
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Google
Print
Pocket
Email
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
Categories: Judicial, Courts, Transgender, Transsexual, Trans
Today, I'm turning my column over to the Confederacy.
Given the lack of trust in the media, and in experts, and in institutions, it's probably the only prudent thing to do.
You see, if I wrote in my own words about how Texas House Speaker Joe Straus is right to call for the removal of the Children of the Confederacy Creed plaque at the state Capitol, many of you would dismiss it.
If I tried to argue that the San Antonio Republican has facts and history on his side when he says the plaque is inaccurate and that Texans are not well-served by distortions of our history, some might laugh it off.
If I quoted directly from the plaque, which expresses "a desire to perpetuate, in love and honor, the heroic deeds of those who enlisted in the Confederate Army" and pledges allegiance to "pure ideals" including that the "war between the states was not a rebellion, nor was its underlying cause to sustain slavery," many might be inclined to believe it.
Never mind that the plaque was erected 100 years after the Civil War.
You might still argue, as Gov. Greg Abbott did last month, that "racist and hate-filled violence" is never acceptable, but that symbols of the past - apparently even if they glorify racism, hate and violence - should not be buried.
"If we do not learn from our history, we are doomed to repeat it," Abbott said at the time.
Well, governor, on that we agree. Let's get to learning. Let us revisit history, at its source: the Texans who attended the secession convention in Austin in 1861.
Why Texas seceded
They proclaimed their reasons loud and clear in a document called the Declaration of Causes, meaning "the causes which impel the State of Texas to secede from the Federal Union." Many of us didn't read this in school, but a simple Google search takes you right to it via the Texas state archives or the Library of Congress.
It gets to the slavery issue right quick - in the third paragraph.
The document explains how The Republic of Texas, a sovereign nation, was admitted into the union in 1845, "received as a commonwealth holding, maintaining and protecting the institution known as negro slavery, the servitude of the African to the white race within her limits - a relation that had existed from the first settlement of her wilderness by the white race, and which her people intended should exist in all future time."
The Texans accused people in the non-slave-holding states of hostility toward "Southern States and their beneficent and patriarchal system of African slavery."
TAKEN DOWN? Straus calls for removal of Confederate plaque in Capitol
The Texans also accused the northern states of proclaiming "the debasing doctrine of the equality of all men, irrespective of race or color - a doctrine at war with nature, in opposition to the experience of mankind, and in violation of the plainest revelations of the Divine Law. They demand the abolition of negro slavery throughout the confederacy, the recognition of political equality between the white and the negro races, and avow their determination to press on their crusade against us, so long as a negro slave remains in these States.
"For years past this abolition organization has been actively sowing the seeds of discord through the Union, and has rendered the federal congress the arena for spreading firebrands and hatred between the slave-holding and non-slave-holding States."
The Texans continue: "We hold as undeniable truths that the governments of the various States, and of the confederacy itself, were established exclusively by the white race, for themselves and their posterity; that the African race had no agency in their establishment; that they were rightfully held and regarded as an inferior and dependent race, and in that condition only could their existence in this country be rendered beneficial or tolerable.
"That in this free government all white men are and of right ought to be entitled to equal civil and political rights; that the servitude of the African race, as existing in these States, is mutually beneficial to both bond and free, and is abundantly authorized and justified by the experience of mankind, and the revealed will of the Almighty Creator, as recognized by all Christian nations; while the destruction of the existing relations between the two races, as advocated by our sectional enemies, would bring inevitable calamities upon both and desolation upon the fifteen slave-holding States.
"By the secession of six of the slave-holding States, and the certainty that others will speedily do likewise, Texas has no alternative but to remain in an isolated connection with the North, or unite her destinies with the South."
A picture of our past
In closing, the document appeals to the "intelligence and patriotism" of free men in Texas to ratify the ordinance at the ballot box. It is signed by those who attended the convention, including President Oran M. Roberts, a South Carolina native who became a Supreme Court justice in Texas and was later elected governor.
As hard as it is to read the racist, hate-filled words defending the violent institution of slavery, they represent a true and accurate picture of our past.
Some would like to bury that past. Some tried to cloak it in bronze and whitewash it with lies.
That plaque erected in 1959, in the days of Jim Crow, isn't history; it's harmful propaganda that humiliates our black brothers and sisters and divides us as a state and a nation.
Governor, the sins of the revisionists aren't yours. But any leader who lets them stand is complicit.
If you've ever fancied seeing a dais of ten adult men who looked as if they'd been clothed by their mothers cower under the pressure of a confident, brash, and brilliant woman brimming with agency, then Thursday night's opening round of televised GOP presidential debates was for you.An astounding 24 million viewers tuned in to the two-hour carnival of chest-thumping and let's make America great again nebulosities, presided over by a talking turtle, the spawn of Tan Mom, and Fox News superstar Megyn Kelly, who proved to be the Ronda Rousey of questioning, hammering the White House hopefuls on their most glaring weaknesses.
And Kelly reserved her biggest swing for Donald Trump, the bombastic, elaborately coiffed real estate mogul currently topping the polls: “You've called women you don't like fat pigs, dogs, slobs, and disgusting animals. Your Twitter account has several—”
Trump then interrupted Kelly, raised his finger in the air like a bloated, illegal immigrant-hating E.T., and with a smirk replied, “Only Rosie O'Donnell.”
Kelly soldiered on: “Your Twitter account has several disparaging comments about women's looks. You once told a contestant on Celebrity Apprentice it would be a pretty picture to see her on her knees. Does that sound to you like the temperament of a man we should elect as president, and how will you answer the charge from Hillary Clinton, who is likely to be the Democratic nominee, that you are part of the war on women?”
The Donald—as is his wont—deflected the question, launching into his usual spiel about China before patting himself on the back for his lack of political correctness.
Instead, he saved his petty griping for the early morning hours following the debate, unleashing a Twitter tantrum aimed at Republican pollster Frank Luntz and Kelly, sharing a tweet referring to the striking pundit as a “bimbo”:
Trump doubled down on the comments Friday night in an interview with CNN's Don Lemon, implying that Kelly was on her period during the debate. “You could see there was blood coming out of her eyes, blood coming out of her… wherever…” he said.
It was a disgustingly sexist statement, and one that drew the ire of many Republicans—including Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina and Red State's Erick Erickson, who rescinded his invitation for Trump to speak at a conservative gathering Saturday night.
But these chauvinistic comments directed at Kelly are just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to Trump's rampant misogyny and cruelty towards women.
Trump married the stunning Czech model Ivana Zelníčková in 1977, and the couple had three children. According to People magazine, by the late ‘80s, he began cheating on his spouse with Marla Maples, a bit actress and ex-Miss Hawaiian Tropic. “By 1987, during services at the Marble Collegiate Church in Manhattan, Trump was secretly romancing Maples as he found ways to temporarily ditch Ivana and their kids, Donny, now 19, Ivanka, 15, and Eric, 13,” wrote People.
The affair persisted until Donald and Ivana's infamous 1989 Christmas holiday in Aspen.“I saw him walking with his arm around a blond and I just assumed it was Ivana,” a Chicago decorator who spent the holidays in Colorado told the Chicago Tribune. “Same size, same hair. I walked around to look, but it wasn't her.”
It was reportedly Marla Maples, Trump's mistress. And shortly thereafter, Trump and his wife engaged in a lengthy argument on the slopes.
Trump and Ivana's split was messy, to say the least. “First he briefly locked his wife, whom he used to refer to as ‘my twin as a woman' out of her office at his Plaza Hotel, then he compared her to Leona Helmsley, a woman he called `a truly evil human being.' Maybe it`s a good thing they both hired—not divorce attorneys—but criminal attorneys to fight for their right to unparty,” wrote the Tribune.
Around that time, Trump sat down for an interview with Esquire, where he infamously remarked, “You know, it doesn't really matter what [the media] write as long as you've got a young and beautiful piece of [expletive],” he told Esquire in 1991.
During the heated divorce proceeding, Ivana accused Trump of “rape,” as revealed in the 1993 book Lost Tycoon: The Many Lives of Donald J. Trump.
According to Harry Hurt III's book, Trump confronted his then-wife after undergoing an agonizing scalp reduction surgery to remove a bald spot. He'd used the plastic surgeon based on Ivana's recommendation, and was none too happy about it.
“Your fucking doctor has ruined me!” Trump cried. He then, according to Lost Tycoon, proceeded to engage in a “violent assault” against Ivana, holding back her arms, pulling out fistfuls of hair from her scalp, tearing off her clothes, and unzipping his pants.
“Then he jams his penis inside her for the first time in more than sixteen months. Ivana is terrified… It is a violent assault,” Hurt writes. “According to versions she repeats to some of her closest confidantes, ‘he raped me.'”
Trump's vehemently denied that the incident took place, and Ivana, who was awarded a hefty sum in the divorce, has since recanted her testimony on numerous occasions.
In 2001, during an on-air spat with gossip columnist (and Trump acquaintance) A.J. Benza, the snooty businessman bragged for half an hour about stealing the gossip columnist's former girlfriend, model Kara Young. “A.J., any girl you have, I can take from you if I want,” Trump said during the kerfuffle. “You're full of shit. So any girl you have, I can take. That I guarantee. That was proven before.” The Donald's way with words when it comes to women was on full display in his 2004 tome Trump: How to Get Rich, where the then-host of the NBC reality competition series The Apprentice shared a number of sexist remarks about his show. “All of the women on The Apprentice flirted with me—consciously or unconsciously. That's to be expected,” he bragged. “The early victories by women on The Apprentice were to a very large extent dependent on their sex appeal,” wrote Trump, later adding, “I believe we're all equal except women still have to try harder and they know it. They will do what they have to do to get the job done and will not necessarily be demure about it.”
Not to be outdone, in his 2006 book Trump 101: The Way to Success, he compared women to inanimate objects. “Beauty and elegance, whether in a woman, a building, or a work of art is not just superficial or something pretty to see,” wrote Trump. But the real estate tycoon's silly, bloviating books pale in comparison to his verbal assault on actress and TV host Rosie O'Donnell.
After O'Donnell took Trump to task in 2006 for defending Miss USA Tara Conner, Trump began publicly referring to O'Donnell as a “fat pig” and “animal.” He also spewed an outrageous two-minute rant against O'Donnell to Entertainment Tonight: “Rosie O'Donnell is disgusting—both inside and out. If you take a look at her, she's a slob. How does she even get on television?... If I were running The View, I'd fire Rosie. I'd look her right in that fat, ugly face of hers and say, ‘Rosie, you're fired.' We're all a little chubby but Rosie's just worse than most of us. But it's not the chubbiness—Rosie is a very unattractive person, both inside and out. Rosie's a person that's very lucky to have her girlfriend and better be careful or I'll send one of my friends over to pick up her girlfriend. Why would she stay with Rosie if she had another choice?”
In a scene eerily reminiscent of his O'Donnell-bashing, in 2011, New York Times writer Gail Collins detailed an unfortunate episode with Trump in a Times op-ed, writing, “During one down period, I referred to him in print as a ‘financially embattled thousandaire' and he sent me a copy of the column with my picture circled and ‘The Face of a Dog!' written over it.”
Not even his own daughter was immune to his gaze. During a 2006 interview on The View, Trump notoriously remarked, “I don't think Ivanka would do [Playboy], although she does have a very nice figure. I've said if Ivanka weren't my daughter, perhaps I'd be dating her.”
Then, he appeared on CNN's Larry King Live and took it upon himself to give his two cents on Angelina Jolie's fractured relationship with her father, the actor Jon Voight. “I think he's a great actor and she just treats him terribly,” said Trump. “She's been with so many guys she makes me look like a baby, OK, with the other side. And, I just don't even find her attractive. That has nothing to do with why I said it though.” Jolie's mother, Marcheline Bertrand, divorced Voight in 1978 after he cheated on her.
The following year, in 2007, Trump began developing a show with Fox called Lady or a Tramp. According to Variety, Tramp was “a reality-competition series in which girls in love with the party life will be sent to a charm school where they will receive a stern course on debutante manners.” What's more, “Girls are required to wear tweed skirts and pearl necklaces, and taught the finer points of skills like flower arranging and needlework.” Variety claimed that Trump would serve as executive producer and “possibly come on air to evaluate contestants' progress,” though the series thankfully never saw the light of day.
Trump's opinions on celebrity relationships weren't confined to Rosie O'Donnell and Angelina Jolie. In 2008, Trump insinuated that very successful actress Anne Hathaway was a gold digger after she split from hubby—and Trump Tower resident—Raffaelo Follieri right before he was indicted for fraud. “She hasn't remained very loyal to him, has she?” Trump told Access Hollywood's Billy Bush. “So when he had plenty of money, she liked him, but then after that, not as good, right?” He also ripped Huffington Post founder Arianna Huffington, tweeting, “[Arianna Huffington] is unattractive both inside and out. I fully understand why her former husband left her for a man—he made a good decision.” That same year—2012—Trump became temporarily obsessed with Kristen Stewart's breakup from her Twilight co-star Robert Pattinson, tweeting, “Robert Pattinson should not take back Kristen Stewart. She cheated on him like a dog & will do it again—just watch. He can do much better!”
If that weren't enough, during a 2013 interview with Howard Stern, Trump critiqued the looks of several A-list women, including Halle Berry (“I love her… upper body”), Kim Kardashian (“Does she have a good body? No. Does she have a fat ass? Absolutely.), Jessica Chastain (“she's certainly not hot”), and more.
In 2009, Miss USA contestant Carrie Prejean released a memoir entitled, Still Standing: The Untold Story of My Fight Against Gossip, Hate, and Political Attacks. Prejean wrote about what is allegedly known as “The Trump Rule”—that Miss USA pageant contestants are forced to flaunt their wares in front of pageant owner Trump so that he could play his own personal game of Hot or Not. “Many of the girls found this exercise humiliating,” Prejean wrote. “Some of the girls were sobbing backstage after [Trump] left, devastated to have failed even before the competition really began . . . even those of us who were among the chosen couldn't feel very good about it—it was as though we had been stripped bare.”
And lest we forget the incident in 2012 when Trump called in to TMZ and threatened to show defense attorney Gloria Allred his penis. “I think Gloria would be very very impressed with [my penis],” bragged Trump
Back to The Apprentice. In 2010, two of the reality series' former contestants complained to the New York Post about creator/host Trump's “sexist” behavior. “So much of the boardroom discussion concerned the appearance of the female contestants—discussing the female contestants' looks—who he found to be hot,” Apprentice hopeful Mahsa Saeidi-Azcuy told the Post. “He asked the men to rate the women—he went down the line and asked the guys, ‘Who's the most beautiful on the women's team?'”
“I think it was most uncomfortable when he had one [female] contestant come around the board table and twirl around,” contestant Gene Folkes added.
Then there was the statement invoked by Kelly in the debate wherein Trump, on a 2013 episode of NBC's Celebrity Apprentice, was busy grilling contestants Bret Michaels and Brande Roderick. Michaels described how Roderick had gotten down on her knees and begged the rocker not to be fired. “Excuse me, you dropped to your knees?” an amused Trump asked Roderick. “Yes,” she replied. Cue Trump: “It must be a pretty picture—you dropping to your knees.”
Last month, The New York Times reported that Trump had a meltdown during a deposition when a lawyer requested a brief break from the proceedings to pump breast milk.“When the lawyer, Elizabeth Beck, asked for a medical break, Mr. Trump and his lawyers objected, demanding that the deposition continue. Ms. Beck said it was urgent—she needed to pump breast milk for her 3-month-old daughter, and she took the pump out to make a point,” wrote the Times. “Mr. Trump erupted. ‘You're disgusting,' he told Ms. Beck, in a remark that is not disputed by either side. He then walked out of the room, ending the testimony for the day.”
Now, Trump is receiving backlash from his own party for his series of misogynistic comments directed at Fox News' Kelly. Strangely enough, writer Anna Holmes predicted that Trump's antiquated attitudes towards women would be his downfall in a Washington Post op-ed from 2011. “Perhaps this legacy of unapologetically gleeful misogyny—not his reputedly shady business practices or his absurd questions about President Obama's birthplace—will end up being Trump's electoral Achilles' heel,” wrote Holmes. “Despite his protestations over the years that he ‘loves' and ‘respects' women, the fact of the matter is that whatever their party identification or their positions on the economy, foreign policy or abortion rights, women don't take kindly to being defined by their body mass index, their mothering skills or their supposed disposability.”
Working from this sun-scorched desert base, U.S. and allied commanders are beginning perhaps the most perilous phase of their fight against Islamic State: an attempt to recapture Mosul, Iraq's second-largest city, from the entrenched militant forces.
Military officers here say a barrage of airstrikes over the last two weeks helped sever two crucial routes that the extremist militants used to funnel fighters and supplies from the Syrian border to Mosul, their self-declared capital in Iraq and most significant battlefield prize.
U.S. commanders who help oversee the air war say the joint offensive with Iraqi Kurdish ground forces pushed back the Sunni Islamists' defensive line west of Mosul, recapturing territory and removing a key obstacle, at least for now, as military planners consider tactics for retaking the congested city as early as this summer.
American and allied advisors are training and equipping Iraqi security forces expected to lead any major ground assault. But options appear limited given the woeful state of Iraq's army, White House resistance to any plan likely to cause heavy civilian casualties, and at least some support in the Sunni-dominated city for the occupying force.
Although President Obama has repeatedly vowed not to reintroduce U.S. ground troops to Iraq, Gen. Martin Dempsey, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, told Congress in November that he would consider deploying a limited number of U.S. Special Forces to help direct airstrikes and assist the Iraqi army in any assault on Mosul.
Retaking the sprawling city, home to about 1.4 million people, almost certainly would require urban combat against a tenacious foe.
"Fighting inside a city like that will definitely not be easy, going street by street, house to house," said Ferhang Asandi, a Kurdish military officer. Islamic State militants are "trying to put all their effort and their fight in anticipation of the battle because they know that if Mosul is done it means the end" of a major source of prestige and recruitment.
The stakes are equally high for Iraqi Prime Minister Haider Abadi's fragile government in Baghdad, which has struggled to rebuild its army since entire divisions collapsed before the insurgent onslaught last year. Another military defeat at Mosul would undermine government authority and shift the momentum back to Islamic State.
"There is no way to create any form of unified or stable Iraq as long as Mosul is in hostile hands," said Anthony Cordesman, a senior military analyst at the nonpartisan Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington. "Lesser victories are only a prelude to retaking Mosul."
Warplanes from the U.S.-led coalition have dropped more than 6,000 bombs on Islamic State positions in Iraq and Syria since August. Combined with attacks by Iraqi government forces, Kurdish fighters and Sunni Arab tribesmen who oppose the Islamist group, the campaign has stopped the militants from seizing much new territory and pushed them back in several areas.
In the last week, Kurdish fighters backed by hundreds of coalition airstrikes broke a four-month Islamist State siege on Kobani, a Syrian town on the border with Turkey. In Iraq, pro-government Shiite militias claimed they had taken "complete control" of Diyala province, northeast of Baghdad, after seven months of fighting the Sunni extremists.
But Islamic State has not been dislodged from any of the cities that it captured during its blitz last year.
Mosul fell quickly in June when convoys of heavily armed Islamic State fighters waving black flags stormed out of neighboring Syria and overran much of western and northern Iraq. Declaring an Islamic caliphate. the insurgents used the city to launch an offensive that pushed nearly 250 miles south to the edge of Baghdad before government forces and Shiite militias rallied to stop them.
Many residents of Mosul, who faced discrimination from the Shiite-dominated central government and military, initially welcomed the Sunni invaders. The militants seized vast arsenals of U.S.-supplied arms and munitions and hundreds of armored vehicles from fleeing government troops.
In the deadliest single battle after the 2003 U.S.-led invasion of Iraq, U.S. Marines fought for six weeks in late 2004 to oust entrenched Sunni insurgents from Fallouja, a city less than a third the size of Mosul. The battle saw the heaviest urban combat for the U.S. military since Vietnam. More than 90 Americans were killed and nearly 600 were wounded. Fallouja fell to Islamic State fighters early last year.
A battle in Mosul could be a tougher fight.
Kurdish officials say the militants already have reinforced their fighters, blocked roads and blown up a key bridge on the city's western edge to augment their defenses. They also have forged alliances with former Iraqi military officers and local Sunni officials who supported autocrat Saddam Hussein before he was toppled in the 2003 invasion.
"We've received information that they are creating fortifications, digging trenches around the city," said Jabar Yawar, spokesman for the Kurdish armed forces in Irbil, capital of the semi-autonomous Kurdish region in Iraq. "Also in every area they control, it is their custom to put bombs and booby traps."
An attacking force would need supporters or informants in the city for intelligence on the insurgents' positions and defenses. Although many Mosul residents complain of harsh edicts enforced by the extremists and shortages of basic commodities, the discontent does not appear close to a popular revolt.
For now, Iraq's security forces are concentrated on protecting Baghdad and surrounding areas. In December, heavy clashes were reported west of the capital in Ramadi, capital of Sunni-dominated Anbar province. Photos posted by the militants showed their fighters using captured armored personnel carriers and firing rocket-propelled grenades in what appeared to be street-to-street fighting.
Iraqi Kurdish fighters known as peshmerga are far closer to Mosul. Starting on Jan. 21, they launched an offensive on both sides of the Tigris River north of the city and seized a strategic junction at Kiske on an east-west highway that links Mosul to the Islamist State-held towns of Tall Afar, Sinjar and the Syrian border.
The Kurds worked with the U.S. Air Force and other military strategists here at Al Udeid, the command post for the air war. After consulting on an attack plan, the peshmerga hit an array of insurgent positions near the Mosul dam, about 30 miles northwest of the city, forcing many fighters into the open.
"It was literally like kicking an anthill," said Air Force Col. Lynn "Woody" Peitz, deputy commander of the air operations center at Al Udeid. "A lot of dynamic targets developed out of that."
Coalition warplanes dropped precision-guided bombs on militant positions, weapons depots and armored vehicles. The Kurdish fighters ultimately took back about 300 square miles of territory, officials said, and cut the supply routes.
Pentagon officials say they are encouraged by the gains but are under no illusions about the difficulties in trying to retake Mosul.
"It's difficult terrain. It's a big city. And they are entrenched there," Rear Adm. John Kirby, the Pentagon spokesman, told reporters Tuesday. "And oh, by the way, the enemy gets a vote" in what happens.
Special correspondent Nabih Bulos in Amman, Jordan, contributed to this report.
©2015 the Los Angeles Times
Visit the Los Angeles Times at www.latimes.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC
To mark our 35th anniversary, Stüssy has partnered with Dover Street Market to create a special installation space in each of their stores over the course of the year, starting with DSMNY. The first leg of the world tour includes a special Stüssy DSM Collection featuring a Coach Jacket, S/S Tee, L/S Tee, Bucket Hat and Woven Shirt. The pieces take inspiration from both Stüssy and Comme des Garçons design archives, referencing the two companies' innovative visions and their crossover while looking forward.
The fall of 2015, Stüssy continued it's partnership with Dover Street Market with an installation in the basement of the London store. A special city in Stüssy's history, and the birthplace of Dover Street Market, the next world tour stop will see a new capsule collection including a Coach Jacket, two 6-Panel Caps, a Woven Shirt and two new T-shirt designs. This limited collection will be available exclusively at all Dover Street Market's plus on the DSM E-SHOPS. In addition, at Dover Street Market London, the installation space will feature 20 hand-stitched Stüssy T-shirts and a selection of deadstock Stüssy vintage from the ‘90s.
The fall of 2015, Stüssy continued it's partnership with Dover Street Market with an installation in the basement of the London store. A special city in Stüssy's history, and the birthplace of Dover Street Market, the next world tour stop will see a new capsule collection including a Coach Jacket, two 6-Panel Caps, a Woven Shirt and two new T-shirt designs. This limited collection will be available exclusively at all Dover Street Market's plus on the DSM E-SHOPS. In addition, at Dover Street Market London, the installation space will feature 20 hand-stitched Stüssy T-shirts and a selection of deadstock Stüssy vintage from the ‘90s.
Art Direction by Ryan Willms
Photography by Antosh Cimoszko
Styling by Keaton Alexander
Stüssy Dover Street Market Ginza
Continuing the 35th anniversary world tour, the final collaboration and installation between Stüssy and Dover Street Market will be in Tokyo, at the Ginza location. The third capsule collection between the brands will feature two new t-shirt designs, a bucket hat, a woven shirt, beach pants and a special limited edition sideline jacket.
Alongside these exclusive items will be 40 one-of-a-kind designs by Kiko Kostadinov for Stüssy, only available at DSMG while the latest capsule will be available at all DSM locations. The installation will feature vintage surfboards, recut video footage, a special Stüssy DSM zine and a photo t-shirt by Tyrone Lebon capping off the final stop of the world tour, in Tokyo.
The launch installation at DSMG will launch on November 6th to coincide with the International Stüssy Tribe Gathering at Sound Museum Vision. The Stüssy Dover Street Market Collection will be available on November 6th at all Dover Street Market locations including Ginza, New York and London and at www.doverstreetmarket.com.
Photography and styling: Jalan and Jibril Durimel
Art Direction: Ryan Willms
Model: Jonah Radley
CLOSE Using Twitter Friday Trump once again used aggressive rhetoric toward North Korea in a tweet. Buzz60
This U.S. Air Force photo obtained August 10, 2017 shows a US Air Force B-1B Lancer assigned to the 37th Expeditionary BombSquadron, deployed from Ellsworth Air Force Base, South Dakota, as it refuels during a 10-hour mission from Andersen Air Force Base, Guam, flying in the vicinityof Kyushu, Japan, the East China Sea, and the Korean peninsula, on August 7,2017 (HST). (Photo11: GERALD WILLIS, AFP/Getty Images)
President Trump tweeted that "military solutions" are "fully in place, locked and loaded" Friday, as China appealed for North Korea and the United States to “exercise caution” in their escalating war of words.
It came after North Korea said it was writing a plan to fire missiles toward the western Pacific island of Guam, a U.S. territory.
Trump tweeted Friday: "Military solutions are now fully in place,locked and loaded,should North Korea act unwisely. Hopefully Kim Jong-un will find another path!"
On Thursday, Trump said his earlier warning to unleash "fire and fury" on Pyongyang if it doesn't abandon its nuclear program perhaps “wasn't tough enough."
Military solutions are now fully in place,locked and loaded,should North Korea act unwisely. Hopefully Kim Jong-un will find another path! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 11, 2017
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said the situation on the Korean Peninsula “is complex and sensitive.” China is Pyongyang's most important ally.
“The Chinese side hopes all related parties will exercise caution in their words and actions and make greater efforts to alleviate the tense situation and enhance mutual trust, while not traveling the old path of making displays of strength and constantly exacerbating the situation,” Geng said in a statement Friday.
U.S. allies have also appealed to Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un to soften their rhetoric.
CLOSE President Donald Trump's strategy for dealing with North Korea could be upended with his threat to slam Pyongyang with fire and fury. Trump's harsh rhetoric could undermine his ability to cooperate with China to resolve the North Korea crisis. AP
German Chancellor Angela Merkel said she sees no military solution to the crisis, and that escalating the rhetoric is the “wrong answer.”
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said his country would come to the U.S.'s aid in the event of a North Korean attack. "In terms of defense, we are joined at the hip," he said.
Japan is deploying missile interceptors in the west of the country in response to Pyongyang's plans to fire missiles toward Guam, Japanese broadcaster NHK reported.
Trump was defiant Thursday, pushing back against criticism that his words could further inflame tensions.
"It's about time that somebody stuck up for the people of this country and for the people of other countries," Trump said from his golf club in Bedminster, N.J.
"So if anything, maybe that statement wasn't tough enough. And we're backed 100% by our military."
When asked what could be tougher than the "fire and fury" he had promised, Trump said: “You'll see. You'll see.”
Trump said he would consider negotiations with North Korea and declined to discuss the possibility of a preemptive strike against the reclusive nation.
Guam Homeland Security spokeswoman Jenna Gaminde said the North's missiles would take about 14 minutes to reach the island.
An editorial in the Global Times, a newspaper run by China's ruling Communist Party, said Thursday: “The real danger is that such a reckless game may lead to miscalculations and a strategic "war." That is to say, neither Washington nor Pyongyang really wants war, but a war could break out anyway as they do not have the experience of putting such an extreme game under control.”
More: President Trump: Maybe my 'fire and fury' threats against North Korea weren't tough enough
More: What it will take to avoid a catastrophic war with North Korea
“Beijing is not able to persuade Washington or Pyongyang to back down at this time," the editorial said. "It needs to make clear its stance to all sides and make them understand that when their actions jeopardize China's interests, China will respond with a firm hand.”
South Korea's foreign ministry urged the North to stop using “threatening words” Thursday and called for Pyongyang to enter into dialogue to ease tensions in the region.
North Korean media said the purpose of the missile launch will be "to interdict the enemy forces on major military bases on Guam and to signal a crucial warning to the U.S."
More: Guam: North Korean missile would strike island in 14 minutes
More: U.S. would likely try to intercept North Korean missiles launched toward Guam
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2wOsTE8
It was a text message I didn't want to receive. It came from my buddy whose property I'd been hunting, chasing down a 150 plus class whitetail. Without going into a lot of detail, another hunter used his “municipally appointed authority” to also gain access to this property to rifle hunt. The text message included a grainy, off-center picture of mainbeams and an ear and included the word, “Sorry.”
That buck was taken with a rifle a couple days before the same hunter took another nice buck off the same property with the same gun. In Missouri, you're only allowed one antlered deer during the firearms season. What made the situation even more frustrating was that, from second hand report, the first deer was taken on this guy's buddy's tag, the second one he shot on his son's. It was an injustice that still spikes my blood pressure. The kicker was I couldn't file a report without potentially putting my buddy in an even more precarious position. I remember sitting in the car with my wife after getting that text and complaining to her that my deer fell to a “point and click” hunter (no offense to my gun hunting friends, I was pretty worked up).
The reality is there isn't always a game officer watching every movement we make in the woods. It's our responsibility as hunters to behave ethically and within the laws of the areas we hunt. In fact, we don't want there to have to be a warden in every gravel pull off or river access. As it is, there are enough regulations without having to add more. Laws are made for lawbreakers, not for those of us who respect our prey and appreciate their habitats. We must govern ourselves.
Typing out a treatise on ethical outdoorsmanship is easy, almost as easy as pointing out wildlife code infractions committed by others. The real test comes when following the law negatively impacts your season.
Two weeks into the 2013 season, I finally had a doe at 35 yards that I was able to put a good arrow through. A few minutes later, another deer came through at 25 yards that I also arrowed, but when I walked up on that second deer, my heart sank. What I thought was another doe was actually a spike with chocolatey dark brown, six inch antlers that I didn't see from my high vantage point. It wasn't the kind of deer I wanted to take off the property, but more importantly, the deer regulations in my state prohibit taking two bucks before the November 16th rifle season. My quest for a trophy buck would have to go on hiatus.
I wish I could say that there was never any doubt in my mind as to how to register that deer. It officially had antlers, so it should be telechecked as an antlered deer…but that would mean almost a month and a half of hunting without the possibility of shooting a nice buck. Immediately my mind went to visions of a Pope & Young bruiser upwind of me at 20 yards. The thought of hunting hard, then passing on the very thing that drives me to the woods was sickening, but so was the notion of doing the same thing I detested in someone else the year before.
Given enough time to waiver, I probably could have talked myself into fudging and calling it in as antlerless. I process all my deer at the house, so no one else would have known. What if both antlers mysteriously broke off on the way out? It was a little like the scene in the Garden of Eden where Adam and Eve start to parse God's command with the serpent. No good can come of that. As soon as I got back to the vehicle with the deer, I telechecked him as antlered and felt a sense of relief that my moral dilemma was over.
In going the inconvenient but lawful route, I hamstrung a good portion of my season, but also added tone and strength to the character muscle (I also all but guaranteed that I'd see a trophy buck sometime before rifle season, which I did…twice). As hunters, we should be known for our character and law abiding nature, especially in situations where it doesn't benefit us. Of all their contacts with the public, game officers and conservation agents should have positive interactions with us. There should be a bright line in the minds of the non-hunting public between poachers and hunters. They may use similar equipment, but that's where the similarities end.
Finally, our trophies are only trophies when we do things by the book. We don't want to taint a great day in the field or a successful shot with that bit of knowledge that we cheated to success. We work too hard to get close to the game we hunt, just to sully their harvest with a cheap shortcut.
While we may not be able to change the behaviors of poachers and rule benders, we can control our own. Do the right thing wherever you are, regardless of circumstance and you can spend your time afield with a clear conscience. When you finally harvest your trophy, you'll have the satisfaction of knowing you did it the right way.
View Tim Kjellesvik's profile
Rasenth is an illustrator, comic artist, and animator from California, currently living in Japan. You've probably seen some of Razzy's work on social media already, as these epic illustrated takedowns of sexism have been shared countless times across social media platforms such as Twitter, Facebook, and Pinterest. Since the comics made their debut on Razzy's Tumblr in 2014, they have become required viewing for anyone who needs help explaining the subtle ways sexism affects everyone's lives.
Of the first series, Razzy writes: "I felt so angry at the UCSB massacre and the sexism we're blind to everyday so I drew about my opinions on sexism to channel my rage." The result is a crash course in why we need feminism, told through illustrations:
But wait, there's more! Feminists aim to dismantle the patriarchal system of oppression that harms people of all genders. Too often, conversations about feminism are interrupted by men asking, "What's in it for me?" Many men fallaciously believe that they are being benefitted by the patriarchy and thus, object to feminism on principle. WRONG-O WRONG-O WRONG-O! Toxic masculinity is harmful in MANY ways. Rasenth elaborates on this in the following comic, which was crafted as a response to the numerous negative comments the artist received on the previous series. Keep this one in your pocket the next time a combative meninist asks, "Why should I care about feminism?"
Rasenth is a truly inspiring artist — not just for these drawings, but for keeping open to new ideas: "I'm not perfect. I've got a lot to learn, too. I made (and keep making) mistakes like any other flawed human being, but it's thanks to my friends and people who are willing to talk about these issues that help me be more aware of my actions. I'm willing to learn and be positive! And I hope everybody else can be open as well. \o/" We are so grateful to Razzy for letting us share these wonderful drawings!
comics by Razzy, used with permission
Published April 26, 2016
More from BUST
6 Body Positive Illustrators You Need To Know About
Amazing Illustrations Of Everyday Women
All Your Anxieties About Your Boyfriend's Ex, Illustrated
A 7ft 2ins-tall (2.2m) criminal has been released from custody after a judge accepted prison beds and uniforms were too small for him.
Jude Medcalf, 23, of Newton Abbot, Devon committed a spate of crimes after being diagnosed with a rare growth disorder, Exeter Crown Court heard.
He has Klinefelter Syndrome that means he is still growing.
He was given a six-month curfew and 12-month community order after being held in jail on remand.
The court was told Medcalf's chromosomal disorder, which also leaves him with adolescent emotions, was diagnosed last year.
Bullies' 'target'
It led to a history of minor anti-social offending which culminated in an incident last July in which he armed himself with a BB pistol and a lock knife.
Prosecutor Brian Fitzherbert said that when Medcalf saw his girlfriend calling the police after he had attacked an acquaintance's car in Torquay, he fired the BB gun at her, which cracked a window.
"When the gun was pointed at her she did not know it was not real and feared for her life," Mr Fitzherbert said.
He admitted possession of an imitation firearm and a bladed article, criminal damage and burglary at an earlier hearing was remanded in custody until his sentencing.
William Parkhill, defending, said Medcalf had been unable to access the specialist medical and psychiatric treatment he needed since his "tragic" diagnosis.
Black eye
"He has spent 75 days in prison on remand and he is not somebody who copes well because of the physical aspects in terms of accommodation, bedding and clothing," Mr Parkhill said.
"He is also a target because he is big enough to be seen as someone who it is impressive to assault but immature enough that he cannot deal with it.
"He has been targeted twice and had a black eye the last time he came to court."
Recorder Adam Vaitilingam QC said there there had been a temptation to pass a lengthy sentence, however he accepted Medcalf "had a lot of difficulty in life" and his condition had caused people to pick on him.
TAGBILARAN CITY, Bohol — The American couple accused of running an orphanage without a permit was released on Tuesday after the complaints of human trafficking and child abuse were dismissed.
Matthew Dwinells, 56, and his wife Dalisay Dwinells, 63, walked out of the detention cell of the National Bureau of Investigation after the NBI received an order from the city prosecutor's office to let the couple go.
ADVERTISEMENT
Matthew had been conducting Bible Study with his fellow inmates in the NBI stockade every morning until he was released.
Lawyer Arcelito Albao, NBI supervising agent in Bohol, said the prosecutor's office dismissed the complaint of human trafficking and child abuse complaints filed by the Department of Social Welfare and Development (DSWD) against the couple for lack of probable cause.
The 29-page resolution, which was signed by Tagbilaran City prosecutor Julius Cesar, stressed that the couple merely lacked documents and permit to run an orphanage.
It said the DSWD failed to prove that the couple committed human trafficking and child abuse especially since the children were not forced to stay in the facility.
The Dwinells also did not force or use the children to work for profit, the usual issue in child abuse cases, the resolution said.
In the course of the investigation, none of the 38 children who lived with the Dwinellses raised complaints against the couple.
Albao said that the NBI, one of the complainants of the case along with DSWD, would file a motion for reconsideration.
The DSWD had no official statement yet.
The Dwinells, who founded the Street Kids Mission Philippines, were arrested by NBI agents in a raid conducted on a two-story house in Barangay Bool in this city last Oct. 22 for operating an orphanage without a permit.
ADVERTISEMENT
They were also accused of human trafficking after the couple failed to present proofs that the children were taken from their homes with the consent of their parents.
The NBI rescued 28 minors and 10 others aged 18 and 19. Of the 38, 35 were from Cebu. Two were from Leyte while one was from Negros Island.
The Dwinells are missionaries who identify themselves as directors of the Street Kids Philippine Mission, which has been operating for six years. It rescues street kids in Cebu City.
Matthew claimed that they were merely behind in their paperwork in the processing of their permit to run the orphanage.
He, however, refuted the allegations of human trafficking, claiming that they had consent from the parents of the 38 children but could not present a written proof.
The Dwinells showed a permit from the Office of the Mayor in Dauis town that gave them authority to run an orphanage in the municipality but it expired on Dec. 31, 2015.
Dalisay said they had enrolled the children in various schools in Bohol. SFM
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
They may look like white pines on steroids, but they're actually Bell Canada towers. The telecommunications company plans to disguise the towers it erects in cottage country to look like trees so they don't stick out like a sore thumb.
Bell plans to construct seven of the disguised towers, which look like large trees. Construction will begin in May. ( BELL CANADA PHOTO )
Bell plans to construct seven of the disguised towers and construction will begin in May. Because they will be under 30 metres, they don't require municipal approval. “It's really bizarre looking at them in the picture … it's like a white pine on steroids,” Alice Murphy, the mayor of the Township of Muskoka Lakes, told the Toronto Star. The idea has been tried elsewhere in the U.S. in the form of palm trees and street lamps, but it's the first time in Canada the conifer disguise has been used.
Article Continued Below
The so-called tree trunks are made of steel and the branches are made of fibre glass. Bell has plans for the towers in Brackenrig, Foot's Bay, Port Carling East, Port Sandfield, Walker's Point East, Breezy Point Road and Little Lake Joseph. A Bell spokesperson said the tree design was introduced as a pilot project in Algonquin. “While we are still in the planning stages, we expect to install approximately 20 tree sites throughout many communities in the greater Muskoka area,” Jason Laszlo said. “The equipment comes to the location prefabricated and is assembled on site. When complete, the tree will stand between 25 and 29 meters and will be positioned to blend with existing trees,” he said, Some concerns have been raised about radiofrequency, but Murphy expects that the treelike towers will be located on private property in woodlots that are away from built-up areas.
Health Canada says exposure from cellphone towers is typically below its exposure standards. Even so, erecting large towers in Ontario have sometimes been controversial with residents complaining that radiofrequency is detrimental to public health. Murphy said the truth is local residents are glad about improved cellphone coverage in an area where communications can be hit and miss.
Article Continued Below
“You used to see people out in their canoes or their boats in the middle of the lake holding their cellphone in a certain way trying to get reception,” she said. But on the whole, the mayor said, reception in cottage country is getting better all the time. “And it needs to be because people do their work there. There are people conducting business in Muskoka, particularly during the summer, and they (cottagers) are trying to make it as seamless as possible from their Toronto offices. And that's important to us,” she said. Murphy said good telecommunications means cottagers drive up to their summer homes during the week knowing they can still conduct their business, which she says cuts down on the summertime weekend rush. “It's great for the economy, it's better for our roads and it's just easier on everyone's disposition,” she said.
Brad Lapin
I don't recall the first time I saw one of George Kuchar's movies, but I'm certain it must have been in the early 1970s at the Fox Venice Theatre, the legendary L.A. area grindhouse that introduced vast numbers of underground, cult and outlaw movies to an entire generation of young filmgoers. I want to think it was Portrait of Romona (1971), but it could have easily been any of several dozen 16mm shorts that George produced (either singly or with his twin brother Mike) starting in 1954 when the boys were a mere 12-years-old.
What is remembered vividly about that first Kuchar movie is just how funny, outrageous and way over-the-top it seemed, a sensation that would persist and grow over the years through dozens of other films like Pagan Rhapsody (1974), The Devil's Cleavage (1975), A Wild Night in El Reno (1977), The Nocturnal Immaculation (1980), Ascension of the Demonoids (1985) or, deliciously, The Deafening Goo (1989). Such overwrought titles reflect the satiric sensibility and playful irony that inform or, rather, run riot in all of his movies. They are in equal part homage to and parody of that greater, glittering artificiality that is the product of the Hollywood dream factory, a factory whose most sacred cows are viciously skewered and served piping hot off Kuchar's cinemagraphic grill.
These are not in the strict sense films about film, but instead are movies about the cinematic imagination, specifically about pushing the limits of that imagination to their farthest and ultimately most (il)logical conclusion. In an effort to transcend (or, if you prefer, transgress) the stifling pieties of conventional Hollywood filmmaking, Kuchar produces something that is instantly recognizable, comfortingly familiar, yet still manages to be wholly subversive. Hollywood's favored tropes and techniques are made grist for his low or no budget mill. Lush orchestral soundtracks, elaborate costumes and make-up, loving close-ups and epic panoramas are all systematically subverted, distorted, trashed and turned on their heads; conventional cinema's verities are stripped of their sanctimony and seriousness, leaving us laughing at the hapless emperor in all his glorious and grainy nudity.
Like all great comedic directors, Kuchar tackles the big themes––love, sex, war and, of course, aliens from outer space––and he does it with a touch so light and so uniquely his own that he might easily be dubbed the Lubitsch of the underground. His work resembles the great Viennese director in its heartfelt celebration of the commonality of human frailty and the humor that ensues from our vainglorious attempts to depict it. The difference (and it's an important one, separating as it does mainstream from underground) is Kuchar's embrace of the absurd, his innate sarcasm and his almost obsessive adoration of pop culture.
The death of someone like George Kuchar diminishes more than an artistic community tragically short of revolutionary perspectives, it leaves us yearning for an artist who can articulate the absurd, the ludicrous, the crazy part of ourselves that was created by the movies we watched and the TV shows in whose flickering shadow we were formed.
* * * * * * * *
In 1977 I moved to San Francisco and found myself involved in the burgeoning punk scene. A few years later, mutatis mutandis, I started a small underground zine called Damage and, for the premier issue, I resolved to do an interview with George Kuchar who, conveniently enough, was teaching and making films at the nearby San Francisco Art Institute. We arranged to meet at a café in North Beach and I spent the days before the interview carefully crafting the questions I wanted to ask. When at last we sat down to do the interview, I pulled out my tape-recorder and watched in astonishment as George's face drained of color. In a lifetime of doing interviews, I've never seen anyone so freaked. I dutifully asked my questions and he haltingly, hesitatingly answered almost monosyllabically. It was like pulling teeth and I was feeling increasingly desperate. To make matters worse, when I looked down at the tape recorder, I suddenly realized the cassette wasn't turning. The batteries had died. “Oh man,” I moaned, “this is a total disaster.” George's reaction was to instantly perk up, like he'd been born anew. “No problem,” he said, smiling widely, “no problem at all. I'll tell you what, I'll interview myself. I'll do the whole thing. It'll be great.” Well, I didn't have much of a choice and, to tell the truth, the idea sounded way better than anything I could've come up with. George had only one stipulation, his autobiographic authorship was to remain strictly entre nous. “It'll be our secret,” he said, chuckling, “just between you and me, you know?”
And I did know and now so do you. May he rest in peace forever and always and may the pagan angels sing him rhapsodically to sleep.
Link to George Kuchar films on the web: http://www.ubu.com/film/kuchar.html/
Why do you make movies?
Well, if I wasn't spending money on movies, I'd be throwing it away on vices and dirty habits. Films help me get back on the track to creative and healthy living. This makes my ugly vices more fun to indulge in once I finished making a move.
What is your film background?
I attended movies early in my youth. I never did care for too much bright sun and dark places appealed to me. It was also fascinating to see grownups doing make-believe, like we kids did all the time. From going to the movies I acquired a certain film language that came in handy when I bought my own smaller-scale movie equipment. In this way you can be a kid all the time and not have such heavy equipment to lug around.
Do you incorporate your “ugly vices” into your movies?
They are in there but they aren't ugly on film. I don't like making ugly things and I'm sure a lot of people don't enjoy going to the cinema and paying to see ugliness. If that were so, then the theater manager would leave the houselights on to give the audience their money's worth.
Why don't you make films in Hollywood?
I like going to Hollywood to whore around. It's fun to be cheap meat in that environment. I don't drive a car so I'd be trapped in one spot if I lived there. I'd rather go to Salt Lake City and work with the Osmond family.
Do you like foreign films?
I always enjoyed the early Sophia Loren Italian movies where she played a fish saleslady and would get into fights with other salesladies and they'd smack each other across the face with mackerels. Foreign films also meant not so much an import of culture to American shores as, in those days, they were more like a tide of smut and lurid sexpots. They also were closer to comic books as written words appeared in the frame with the pictures. That is why they probably were so successful here in America.
Do you go to the movies regularly?
I go when I can but I don't go every week. I guess it's not one of my dirty habits. I think 70mm and Dolby sound are great, and I'd even like to see that combined with 3-D and Smell-o-Rama for an even bigger experience. William Castle should make another horror film with all of this plus throw in his “live” gimmicks. Maybe theaters could start giving dishes out once a week (like they did in the past) instead of stomach distress bags.
How do you use music in your films?
I never went along with the old saying that a film score is good only if you weren't aware of it. I like to hear what I'm listening to. In the past I'd go to a movie if a certain composer did the score. Big orchestras with blatant love themes were a great experience and make you aware that people can create the silly on a grand scale. That is good for the spirit, as it's less oppressive and leads to experimentation.
Did you ever make a musical?
Yes. A film I did with my students at the San Francisco Art Institute and called “Symphony for a Sinner” was, in some respects, a musical. Since none of the cast could sing it was humiliating for them at times. But, since I couldn't write what are considered good lyrics, what's the difference? If you want to make a musical, then make it. There are hundreds that have fine songs and singing and dancing. The other side of the coin should be experienced also.
Do you handle the choreography too?
Yes, as that is the thrill of making independent, underground movies. You get a chance to do everything you've ever wanted. In a way I'm like a blotter or a paper towel dripping with stains. Squeeze me and watch what spills out. I've absorbed enough Rita Hayworth and Rita Moreno to know what constitutes good choreography.
Do audiences object to this sort of digested regurgitations?
Certain individuals do, but they're not much fun. What I regurgitate is a very definite part of me. What comes up is not only what went down but incorporates elements that were already sloshing around inside me.
What do you think of the punk scene?
Any movement that sanctifies dyed hair, ripped clothes, makeup and cigarette smoking is fine in my book, as these are the elements that make for good cinema.
What's your feeling about porno films?
Movie theaters have always been pornographic as far as I'm concerned. They're dark and there are lonely, repressed and bored people in the back rows and in the restrooms. It was, in the Bronx anyway, a house of shame. Now that the “shame” is up there on the screen, it helps to alleviate the pressures that were building up in the audience. The most sexually explosive and gnawing feelings were generated by movies made by such people as Ozzie & Harriet Nelson with their son Ricky. It was such alien material that the viewer sought out and nurtured the most basic drives at the root of his being. It was either that or scream silently with a mouth full of popcorn. Ricky Nelson was too nice-looking to be sleeping in pajamas. A pervert was needed to direct this material.
What's the key to unleashing filmic creativity?
Very little money, a miserable personal life and no script. If you don't have these things, don't despair: just pray for a flop so you can be kicked into the gutter with other imaginative minds. Remember…the vapors from a sewer always aim skyward. Chemicals in the body have a harder time being generated when everything is going smoothly. Filmic chaos and panic can be exhausting, but very seldom do they lead to constipation.
Singapore — Saudi Arabia and Russia jointly said Monday that they agreed that the oil output cut agreement needed to be extended by nine months until the end of March 2018 to achieve the desired balancing effect on oil markets, sending prices higher by almost 2% in less than an hour.
Not registered? Receive daily email alerts, subscriber notes & personalize your experience. Register Now
* The two see extension to maintain same volume allocations
* To consult with oil producers till May 24 to reach 'full consensus'
In a joint statement, the energy ministers of Russia and Saudi Arabia, Alexander Novak and Khalid al-Falih, agreed to do "whatever it takes to achieve the desired goal of stabilizing the market and reducing commercial oil inventories to their five-year average level."
Related analysis: OPEC contends with data cacophony as it reviews oil output cut
Both ministers have hinted recently that they saw the need to extend the output cut into 2018, but this was the first time that they assigned a definitive time frame to the deal.
The oil output deal reached last December had so far "stabilized the markets, reduced volatilities and facilitated the return of investment flows into the oil industry," Falih said at the press conference broadcast by Bloomberg TV.
"There has been a marked reduction in inventories, but we are not where we want to be in terms of reaching the five-year average," he added.
The ministers noted the acceleration of OECD inventory draws in April and May, compared to seasonal norms, as well as a substantial year-to-date decline of oil in floating storage, the statement said.
OPEC estimated last week however, that commercial inventories in OECD countries were still 276 million barrels above the benchmark.
Russia and Saudi Arabia also agreed that the deal extension would have the same volume allocations that were included in the December agreement, Falih said.
This would mean Libya and Nigeria would remain exempt from the cut deal.
The two OPEC nations have been dealing with militant attacks that have hobbled their oil sectors, but output has been on the rise in the last month.
Libyan crude production has climbed to more than 800,000 b/d, up from 550,000 b/d a month ago, while Nigeria, which produced 1.65 million b/d in April, is also set to resume loading its key Forcados crude.
"Preliminary consultations show that everybody is committed" to the output agreement and no country is willing to quit, Russia's Novak said. "I don't see reasons for any country to quit."
The two ministers said they agreed "to consult with their colleagues within the group and with other producers between now and May 24, with the goal of reaching full consensus on the nine-month extension."
The ministers also said they hope a wider circle of countries outside the current group taking part in the production cut deal would see "the benefit of this cooperation in bringing stability to oil markets, and will join the effort."
At 04:30 pm Singapore time (0830 GMT), ICE July Brent crude futures climbed $1.35/barrel or 2.65% from Friday's settle to $52.19/b, while the NYMEX June light sweet crude contract was up $1.27 or 2.65% at $49.11/b.
The comments come ahead of the May 25 meeting of OPEC and non-OPEC deal participants in Vienna to review the agreement and negotiate any extension.
They also come amid a market fallback in recent weeks over doubts that the cuts, which total some 1.8 million b/d from October levels, are effective, given stubbornly high stock levels and the resilience of US shale.
--Mriganka Jaipuriyar, mriganka.jaipuriyar@spglobal.com
--Nadia Rodova, nadia.rodova@spglobal.com
--Adal Mirza, adal.mirza@spglobal.com
--Edited by Maurice Geller, maurice.geller@spglobal.com
Related podcast: Bulls and bears tussle in the oil supply/demand debate
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Rory Cellan-Jones tries out the Google Glass
It's either the most exciting technology product of recent years, or the 21st Century equivalent of the Sinclair C5.
It promises to reshape our relationship with the online world - or turn us all into cyborgs, invading each other's privacy with careless abandon. Say what you like about Google Glass, it's certainly proved a talking point.
I've spent the last 24 hours trying out Google's wearable computing device, talking to people who are developing apps for it, and gauging the reaction of onlookers.
The product - which is still a long way from being ready for consumers - has been in the hands of developers for a few weeks now, and many of them have converged on San Francisco for the Google I/O conference.
Image copyright Getty Images
When I had a couple of hours to try it out I found that, like any new interface, Glass had some rough edges. The screen looks rather bigger and more useful than I'd expected, like a reasonable-sized TV seen across a room. But you need to learn a series of touch commands on the arm of the glasses, and often I found myself stuck halfway down a long series of menus, swiping back and forth and getting nowhere.
At the moment, there is a limited amount you can do with Glass - it's like a smartphone without any apps - and for many of the functions you may be constrained by the quality of the 3G connection on the phone to which it is paired. You may also feel a bit daft walking down the street and shouting to yourself, "Do I need an umbrella tomorrow?"
Image caption 'A strange Brit talking to himself': Rory tries Google Glass in San Francisco
The voice recognition in the device is very smart - and even seems to understand my English accent - but again, once you leave a strong wi-fi connection, everything seems to become a little harder. And what about those privacy worries inherent in a device which can be recording without your subject knowing?
You may feel a bit daft walking down the street and shouting to yourself, 'Do I need an umbrella tomorrow?'
When I took Glass for a stroll on the beach overlooking the Golden Gate Bridge, the elderly dog walkers there were more amused about a strange Brit talking to himself than anxious about their privacy, although the majority felt the whole idea was rather more creepy than cool.
Where Google's big idea impresses most is as a camera. Because it captures exactly what you see, you get the kind of pictures you often miss with a camera you have to ready for action. And when it comes to video, the footage is much steadier than what you often see from a shaky camera phone.
We began our filming by visiting the world's most enthusiastic early adopter, the blogger Robert Scoble. He's certainly mastered the art of Glass photography - as you can see from his picture of us filming him.
Image caption This shot was taken by Robert Scoble (reflected in camera) using Google Glass
Despite his promise never to go a day without the product - or something similar - he has a few words of caution. The price needs to be right, he says, and the product has to be able to do a lot more if it is to appeal to a wide audience.
By the sound of it, there will soon be plenty more apps. Developers big and small are in San Francisco, showing off their projects. Rajiv Makhijani and two friends who won a Glass hackathon, are now developing a social gaming idea, which sounds to me like Foursquare meets match.com. Bigger players, including Twitter, Facebook and Evernote are also thought to be working on apps.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Software developers and privacy campaigners give their opinions on the Glass
What strikes me in San Francisco is the sheer fascination and excitement of many people when they see Glass for the first time. It feels to me that we are ready for a new way of interacting with the web.
Google Glass may be clunky, and it certainly isn't going to win any fashion awards. There are serious debates to be had about its legal and social implications. But we may look back 10 years from now, and say this was the moment when wearable computing stepped out of the sci-fi films and into real life.
Copyright by WCMH - All rights reserved
COLUMBUS (WCMH) -- A man was arrested after an eight-hour standoff Friday, according to Columbus Police.
Officers were called to a home on Waterfall Way on the report of a domestic dispute around 3:25pm.
When officers arrived, the victim said that her ex-boyfriend threatened her with a gun.
Police made contact with the suspect, identified as 30-year-old Joshua Behn. Behn said he'd shoot at the officers if they didn't leave and refused to surrender.
The SWAT team was notified of the barricade situation.
When SWAT arrived, Behn fired multiple rounds inside the home.
After eight hours with no cooperation, the SWAT team entered the home. Behn was taken into custody without incident.
Columbus police noted this is the suspect's second SWAT standoff.
Sam Eggington annouced as Young Boxer of the Year
Eggington stopped Ceferino Rodriguez to win the European welterweight title
Birmingham's Sam Eggington has been named the Boxing Writers' Club's Young Boxer of the Year.
The 23-year-old beat WBO heavyweight title challenger Hughie Fury to the award as well as super-featherweight Zelfa Barrett.
The Brummie captured the European welterweight crown with a big 10th round KO The Brummie captured the European welterweight crown with a big 10th round KO
Fury was beaten by New Zealand's Joseph Parker in their WBO heavyweight title fight, in a majority decision points victory, in Manchester on Saturday night.
Eggington has had an impressive year with his most recent wins coming against Paulie Malignaggi before stopping Spain's Ceferino Rodriguez to win the European welterweight title in his hometown of Birmingham in May.
Eggington admitted he was hurt by a few punches himself in Euro title fight Eggington admitted he was hurt by a few punches himself in Euro title fight
His first defence of that title will be on October 7 when he faces Mohamed Minoune (18-2-0) of France on the undercard of Anthony Crolla's lightweight fight with Ricky Burns live on Sky Sports.
Eggington will be on the undercard of next month's battle of Britain
Eggington will then receive his award at the writer's club's 66th annual dinner two days after his bout in Manchester.
They see Trump as a vehicle for their ideology and he hasn't let them down. He needs to confront hate, even when it wears a MAGA hat.
President Trump (Photo: Jim Watson, AFP/Getty Images)
“Voting against Donald Trump at this point is really treason to your heritage.”
These were the words spoken by former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke when he threw his support behind Donald Trump in February 2016 and urged other white Americans to do the same.
Duke's show of support was a turning point in the Trump campaign, sparking a slew of endorsements from leaders of the white supremacist movement. By September 2016, Trump's campaign had drawn support from some of the most virulent far-right extremists in the country, including at least 15 representatives of known hate groups.
More: Trump's equivocation emboldens alt-right terrorists in Charlottesville and beyond
More: Trump champion: Bury Confederate romanticism. It's indefensible
Throughout all of this, Trump responded with deafening silence. The only extremist leader he ever distanced himself from was Duke — and he only did so when public pressure became too great to ignore.
It really shouldn't come as a surprise, then, that the president could barely bring himself to condemn those responsible for the extremist violence that led to the brutal death of 32-year-old Heather Heyer, mowed down Saturday in Charlottesville, Va., as she bravely did what the president finds so hard to do: Publicly and definitively denounce white supremacy.
As a candidate, Trump courted the votes of white supremacists, most of whom viewed him as a vehicle for their ideology. Heidi Beirich, head of the Intelligence Project at the Southern Poverty Law Center, told the Associated Press last August that white supremacists saw a Trump presidency as “their last stand for controlling the country.”
He hasn't let them down. They could not have asked for more than his assertion that there were "very fine people" among the white nationalists marching in Charlottesville. And he's delivered a lot more than words.
In February, Reuters reported that Trump was planning to drastically revamp the Department of Homeland Security's Countering Violence Extremism program, a $10 million grant program aimed at combating all types of extremist ideologies. It would no longer target white supremacist, neo-Nazi and other far-right extremist groups. Instead, it would focus only on “radical Islamic extremism.”
White supremacists heard the dog-whistle loud and clear. “Donald Trump is setting us free,” wrote Andrew Anglin, founder of the Daily Stormer, a popular neo-Nazi website named after the infamous Nazi newspaper Der Stürmer, “It's fair to say that if the Trump team is not listening to us directly (I assume they are), they are thinking along very similar lines. This is absolutely a signal of favor to us.”
In late June, the president fulfilled his promise to white supremacists when the Department of Homeland Security released an updated list of organizations receiving grants. They included groups focused on combating terrorist organizations like ISIS and Al Qaeda, but left out initiatives targeting white supremacist and other right-wing extremist groups.
In the final days of the Obama administration, DHS awarded a $400,000 grant to Life After Hate, one of the only groups in the nation devoted to deradicalizing neo-Nazis. The organization, which has seen a 20-fold increase in requests for help since the 2016 election, was told it would receive the grant money within 30 days. But things changed when Trump took office. Five months later, without explanation, Life After Hate was notified it would not receive any funding from the federal government. It was among a handful of organizations focused on combating white supremacist and right-wing extremism approved for funding by the Obama administration but removed from the list of grant recipients by the Trump administration.
That dog whistle didn't go unnoticed, either.
POLICING THE USA: A look at race, justice, media
More: Montel Williams: Charlottesville terrorism exposes alt-right American Taliban
A few weeks after the announcement, Michael Peinovich (better known as “Mike Enoch”), creator of The Right Stuff, an alt-right podcast network, said in an interview that Trump was giving the alt-right movement free rein to act without worrying about interference from law enforcement.
“He's going to give us space to destroy,” Peinovich said during a July 23 appearance on the popular alt-right podcast Fash the Nation.
As Trump was giving white supremacists an implicit seal of approval, his own national security agencies were sounding the alarm on the growing threat of right-wing extremism. According to an intelligence report obtained Monday by Foreign Policy, the FBI and DHS warned in early May that white supremacist groups were responsible for more violent attacks than any other domestic extremist group over the past 16 years and would “likely will continue to pose a threat of lethal violence over the next year.”
A month after the memo was released, Trump defunded Life After Hate. Two months after that, Heather Heyer's life was taken as she stood up to that hate.
It's too late to save Heather, but it's not too late to turn the tides on the ugly resurgence of white supremacist violence in American society. But first we need a president who is willing to acknowledge that the threat exists, and who has the courage to confront it — even when it wears a MAGA hat.
Caroline Orr is a researcher and author who studies social and behavioral sciences. Follow her on Twitter @RVAwonk.
You can read diverse opinions from our Board of Contributors and other writers on the Opinion front page, on Twitter @USATOpinion and in our daily Opinion newsletter. To respond to a column, submit a comment to letters@usatoday.com.
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2uKqEoO
According to tradition, residents of three New Hampshire locales have been granted the privilege of casting the very first votes in the 2016 elections. At midnight on Tuesday, polling places opened in the unincorporated town of Dixville Notch in Coos County, as well as the town of Hart's Location in Carroll County. Joining these two towns in this longstanding tradition of midnight voting this year is Millsfield, also in Coos County.
Votes were tallied soon afterward, and now we have our first official election returns of this year's presidential race. (This tradition is exclusive of early voting days. Those votes obviously count, but why let progress ruin a hokey bit of Americana?)
This year, Dixville Notch residents cast four votes for Hillary Clinton, giving the Democratic candidate the win over Donald Trump, who earned two votes. Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson notched one vote, while Green Party candidate Jill Stein did not receive any. In a twist ending, one of the votes cast in Dixville Notch went to Mitt Romney, the former Massachusetts governor and 2012 GOP presidential candidate.
Meanwhile, voters in Hart's Location picked Clinton over Trump by a score of 17 to 14. Gary Johnson picked up 3 votes. Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders (I) received 2 votes, while a combined John Kasich-Sanders ticket won a single vote.
Finally, the early votes in Millsfield favored Trump, who prevailed over Clinton by a tally of 16 to four. Sanders took one vote.
The post and the headline have been updated to include additional information from U.S. Marine Corps Forces Special Operations Command and the U.S. Coast Guard.
Seven Marines assigned to the Marine Special Operations Regiment in Camp Lejeune, N.C. and four Louisiana National Guard soldiers are missing following a helicopter accident near Eglin Air Force Base, Fla., Marine officials told USNI News on Wednesday.
The 1-244th Assault Helicopter Battalion UH-60 Blackhawk with the Marines onboard was reported missing about 8:30 p.m. EST on Tuesday following an accident.
“Debris from the aircraft was located by search and rescue team at about 2 a.m. this morning. Search and rescue efforts are underway at the accident site currently,” read a statement from Eglin Air Force Base statement.
According to a report from The Associated Press, the Marines and soldiers are presumed dead.
The helicopter was believed to have gone down near on a military owned beach between Pensacola and Destin.
Coast Guard units are aiding in the search and rescue efforts for the missing solders and Marines, Capt. Barry Morris with U.S. Marine Corps Forces Special Operations Command told USNI News.
Small boasts from Coast Guard Station Destin arrived on scene at about 11:20 p.m. EST and found a “debris field consistent with a military aircraft” around 1:30 a.m., according to a release from the Coast Guard.
The current search area is “approximately 17 miles by three miles focused within Santa Rosa Sound,” according to the release.
Marine Lt. Gen. Kenneth Glueck mentioned during an unrelated Senate hearing that weather was hampering the search.
“We are working closely with all parties involved to locate our Marines and the Army aircrew as soon as possible.” Major Gen. Joseph Osterman, MARSOC commander said in a statement.
Separate reports have indicated human remains have washed up on shore.
The helicopter was paired with another from the 1-244th as part of a training exercise involving the Marine Special Operations Regiment from Camp Lejeune, MARSOC officials told USNI News on Wednesday.
The MARSOC Marines and soldiers were part of an annual exercise that had begun on March 8 that “included amphibious boat training and airborne insertion and extraction methods,” according to a report in Marine Corps Times.
The exercise, which was slated to complete on March 15, is currently paused.
An investigation has begun into the cause of the accident.
The following is a Wednesday release from the U.S. Coast Guard.
Coast Guard, local agencies searching for downed military aircraft near Santa Rosa
NEW ORLEANS – The Coast Guard and local agencies are searching for a downed military aircraft near Santa Rosa Sound, Florida, Wednesday.
Watchstanders at the 8th Coast Guard District Command Center received a report of a downed military aircraft at approximately 11 p.m., Tuesday. The aircraft reportedly had four Hammond, Louisiana-based National Guard aircrew and seven Camp Lejeune-based Marines.
The watchstanders directed the launch of Coast Guard small boatcrews from Stations Pensacola and Destin to conduct a search of the sound for the missing aircraft crew. The Station Destin small boatcrew arrived on scene around 11:20 p.m., and conducted search within the area.
Search area is approximately 17 miles by three miles focused within Santa Rosa Sound. A debris field consistent with a military aircraft was spotted by Coast Guard Station Destin small boatcrew at about 1:30 a.m., Wednesday.
The Coast Guard is working with the Eglin Air Force Incident Command Post, which consists of personnel from Escambia County Volunteer Services, Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission, Okaloosa County Fire Department, Hurlburt Field Fire Department and Gulf Breeze Fire Department.
“Our thoughts and prayers are with the friends and family of the members involved in this incident,” said Layne Carter, search and rescue mission coordinator. “We are aggressively searching for possible survivors involved in the crash.”
The following is the Wednesday release from U.S. Marine Corps Forces Special Operations Command.
MEDIA ADVISORY: SEVEN MARSOC MARINES INVOVLED IN HELICOPTER MISHAP
CAMP LEJEUNE, N.C. – Seven Marines assigned to U.S. Marine Corps Forces, Special Operations Command were on board a Louisiana Army National Guard UH-60 aircraft that was involved in a training mishap last night at approximately 8:30 p.m. near Eglin, Fla.
Search and rescue efforts are currently underway at the site of the accident. Names of the aircrew and Marines on board are being withheld while the search and rescue mission is underway.
“Our thoughts and prayers are with the Marines, soldiers and family members of those involved in this mishap. We are working closely with all parties involved to locate our Marines and the Army aircrew as soon as possible.” Major Gen. Joseph Osterman, commander of U.S. Marine Corps Forces, Special Operations Command.
The accident is under investigation. Additional details will be provided as they become available.
The following is an updated Wednesday release from Eglin Air Force Base.
3/11/2015 – EGLIN AIR FORCE BASE, Fla. — Eglin search and rescue crews on scene are recovering debris of an aircraft accident near Eglin range site A-17.
Two UH-60 aircraft assigned to the Army National Guard, Hammond, La., were participating in a training exercise over night March 10. One aircraft with four aircrews and seven Marines assigned to Camp LaJeune, N.C, was involved in an accident near Eglin range site A-17, east of the Navarre Bridge.
Heavy fog is having an impact on search and recovery efforts. Multiple agencies are on scene including the Coast Guard who have secured waterways.
The helicopter was reported missing at about 8:30 p.m. March 10. Debris from the aircraft was located by search and rescue team at about 2 a.m. this morning. Search and rescue efforts are underway at the accident site currently.
The second helicopter and its personnel on board have returned and are accounted for at this time. The aircraft are assigned to the 1-244th Assault Helicopter Battalion in Hammond, Louisiana. They were participating in a routine training mission involving the Marine Special Operations Regiment from Camp LeJeune.
Names of the aircrew and Marines on board are being withheld pending NOK notification. The accident is under investigation. Additional details will be provided as they become available.
SOUTHEAST Queensland may have to sacrifice its “sacred cows” to accommodate a projected population increase of more than two million over the next 30 years.
Senior infrastructure planners believe the region will require 480,000 houses above the already projected 750,000 to built by 2040 to accommodate the influx.
State forests, pineapple farms, canefields and sensitive coastal zones such as Pumicestone Passage may be needed as the region looks to accommodate an extra onemore than one million-plus dwellings, or 34,000 new houses a year.
Is this the only option? Tell us below
More Queensland real estate news
Jeff Humphreys, senior principal at infrastructure and environmental services company Cardno, told the recent Urban Development Institute of Australia forum in Brisbane the population growth would provide significant challenges for the city.
“We thought we needed 750,000 new dwellings to accommodate a (population) growth of 1.6 million ... 480,000 additional dwellings are now required on top of those that were already planned for in the existing urban footprint,” he said.
Experts said that by 2041, southeast Queensland's population could reach 5.5 million .
media_camera Beautiful one day, overrun the next?
Population growth predictions were now 15 per cent higher, mainly due to migration from overseas.
Australian Bureau of Statistics figures show the region's population in 2011 was 3.05 million.
“Any new greenfield areas have to be accessible in some way to the centre of the region by road and public transport,” Mr Humphreys said.
He said the huge cost of developing public transport infrastructure meant it was important to locate new greenfield areas along existing or planned road and rail corridors.
Mr Humphreys said the region must also examine other “sacred cows” such as biodiversity corridors “to see if they can be reconfigured and still meet ecological outcomes”.
Originally published as Beautiful one day, overrun the next?
Hobby Lobby, a Michigan based company, is challenging the Obamacare contraception mandate on the grounds that paying for coverage would violate their religious beliefs.
One of the most important religious freedom cases heard before the Supreme Court in a generation may see an opinion handed down tomorrow.
Cleveland Plain Dealer:
Tomorrow, the Supreme Court is likely to release its decision in Sebelius v. Hobby Lobby, a widely anticipated ruling expected to have far-reaching implications for businesses. The question before the justices is whether a for-profit corporation can refuse to provide certain contraceptive services in health plans offered to employees, on the grounds that doing so would violate the owners' particular Christian beliefs. Business owners claim they should not have to make sacrifices in their belief system just because the Affordable Care Act requires employers to cover contraception for employees. The government claims allowing business owners' religious views to burden the family planning decisions of employees will open the door for corporations to consider denying other benefits on the grounds of religious belief.
This is a specious argument. What else is in Obamacare that would cause a corporation to balk at paying for coverage?
Madeleine Roberts of the Faithful Democrats organization stated on the Patheos blog numerous problems will be created if the Supreme Court rules in favor of Hobby Lobby: "The Hobby Lobby case asks a simple question - can corporations refuse to cover certain kinds of birth control for women by claiming First Amendment religious freedom protections, despite the fact that the Affordable Care Act requires insurance to cover birth control? So, should corporations have this power - yes or no? It is a simple question, with a simple answer of 'no,' but it is the far-reaching implications that come from studying the issue that make things a bit more complicated. "Should the Supreme Court rule in Hobby Lobby's favor and agree that women's right to contraception can be restricted, hundreds of thousands of women and their families would be put in jeopardy. As Democrats, we must raise our voices in defense of the fundamental right of women to plan when they will have a family and what size it will be. And as people of faith, we should think hard about the best ways to support our families and let all people make the decisions that fit best with their values and beliefs.
"The fundamental right of women to plan when they will have a family..." is not dependent on getting free or almost free contraception. That's ridiculous. Are we to believe that a woman's rights are violated if she has to pay for something rather than get it free? Nonsense.
Perhaps it will be someone's "right" to own a Mercedes someday.
These are the sort of nonsensical arguments advanced by the other side in this debate. And they're designed to distract from the core issue; are individual business owners' conscience to be dictated by government? Or belief in a higher power?
SCOTUS may find other reasons to rule against Hobby Lobby, but it's not going to be because a ruling in their favor threatens any "fundamental" rights of women.
Buy Photo Participants in Saturday's event distribute buttons and flyers to promote awareness on Ohio's water. (Photo: The Enquirer/Henry Molski)Buy Photo
Protesters crowded Fountain Square Saturday to oppose fracking in Ohio.
Just after 3 p.m., protesters sang, danced, marched and called on Gov. John Kasich to ban fracking waste dumping statewide.
"We need to some accountability and awareness to be brought to this problem," said Alison Auciello, organizer for the Food & Water Watch group. "The government has allowed the literal dumping of fracking waste in this state and we need to hold the governor accountable."
The protest was a part of the third annual "Global Frackdown," a day of action against related oil and gas infrastructure. The event was initially started by the Food & Water Watch advocacy group.
"I most pleased with how this fracking movement is growing," added Auciello. "A lot is being done in more than a dozen countries around the world and across the country today."
Also joining in the event on Saturday were representatives from The Sisters of Notre Dame De Namur, the Southwest Ohio No Frack Forum and dancers from the Global Water Dances Cincinnati project.
Protestors gathered with signs on the corner of Vine and 5th Street before musical performances, and rain dances behind the fountain.
The came to a close as the group marched up 5th Street holding signs high again.
Read or Share this story: http://cin.ci/1vZOR2w
Fears of a post-EU referendum recession in the second half of the year are expected to be proved unfounded by figures released this week.
However, in the first official verdict on how the economy has performed since the Brexit vote, the Office for National Statistics (ONS) is expected to say growth more than halved from 0.7% in the second quarter to 0.3% between July and September.
If the economists polled by Reuters are correct, it would be the slowest rate of growth since the third quarter of 2015, but would rule out the prospect of a technical recession – defined by two consecutive quarters of contraction – in the second half of the year.
The figure would also beat the latest forecasts from Bank of England policymakers, who were predicting at the time of the August inflation report that third quarter growth would come in at 0.1%.
Ruth Gregory, a UK economist at Capital Economics , said: “Encouragingly, the gamut of data has provided evidence that the slowdown has not been too stark and our best guess is that gross domestic product rose by 0.3% in the third quarter.”
The relative resilience of the UK economy since the Brexit vote on 23 June has largely been attributed to a willingness among consumers to keep spending, as well as strength in the services sector . However, the GDP data on Thursday is expected to show a weaker picture for the industrial and construction sectors.
The International Monetary Fund has predicted that Britain will be the fastest growing of the G7 leading industrial countries in 2016, with growth of 1.8%. The Washington-based fund accepted that its warning of a post-Brexit vote financial crash had proved too pessimistic.
However, fears are mounting that a relatively resilient performance from the economy in the immediate aftermath of the leave vote could be short lived, with 2017 expected to be more challenging.
The IMF is predicting that growth will slow to 1.1% next year and economists believe the finances of consumers and businesses will come under increased strain in the coming months.
Howard Archer, the chief UK and European economist at IHS Global Insight, said: “We expect the economy to suffer in 2017 as the uncertainties facing businesses and consumers are magnified by the triggering of article 50.
“Consumers are highly likely to face markedly diminishing purchasing power over the coming months, as inflation rises appreciably and earnings growth is limited by companies striving to limit their costs.”
Vancouver Whitecaps vs. FC Edmonton
BC Place, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
Amway Canadian Championship semifinals, first leg
May 13, 10 pm ET
CANADA: Watch on Sportsnet USA or MEXICO: Watch online using your MLS LIVE subscription. (Blacked out in Canada)
The Vancouver Whitecaps and the North American Soccer League's FC Edmonton will get their Amway Canadian Championship semifinal series off to a belated start on Wednesday, when they play the first leg of the series at BC Place.
The series was initially scheduled to start last Wednesday in Edmonton, but the game was postponed due to a snowstorm rendering the Clarke Stadium field unplayable. FC Edmonton will now host the second leg of the series next Wednesday, May 20th, with the winner of the series advancing to the Canadian Championship final against either Toronto FC or the Montreal Impact.
Edmonton has already won one series in the Canadian Championship, beating fellow NASL club the Ottawa Fury 6-2 on aggregate in the preliminary round to advance to the semifinal series. Neither Vancouver nor Edmonton have won the Voyageurs Cup title, with the Whitecaps going 0-for-7 in the tournament and Edmonton never advancing past the semifinal stage in four tries.
Vancouver qualified for the 2015-16 CONCACAF Champions League by finishing with the most points of Canada's three Major League Soccer teams in the 2014 MLS season. The ‘Caps will look to qualify for the 2016-17 CCL with a victory in the Canadian Championship, a trophy that's eluded them since the tournament began in 2008.
Whitecaps head coach Carl Robinson is expected to field a young squad in Wednesday's first leg, the second match in a stretch of five games in 14 days that will see the ‘Caps face Cascadia rival Seattle on Saturday, play Edmonton in the second leg next on May 20th and travel to Colorado for a date with the Rapids on May 23rd.
Last year, the Whitecaps started four teenagers in the first leg and three in the second of their semifinal series against Toronto FC, falling to the Reds on penalty kicks despite an eye-opening performance from goalkeeper Marco Carducci.
A younger lineup this year could mean minutes for Carducci, US Under-23 international Christian Dean, first-round SuperDraft pick Tim Parker and Homegrown players Marco Bustos, Kianz Froese and Ben McKendry.
This is the third series meeting between the clubs; Vancouver beat Edmonton 5-1 on aggregate in 2012 and 5-2 on aggregate in 2013, each time winning the first leg at Commonwealth Stadium.
Vancouver lost in the Canadian Championship final in 2011, 2012 and 2013 before playing the younger squad and losing in the semifinals last year.
FC Edmonton have never beaten an MLS team over two legs (0-4), although they were minutes away from beating Montreal in last year's Canadian Championship semifinals.
The Opponent – What you need to know about FC Edmonton
Coach: Colin Miller (Canada)
Position: 9th in 11-team NASL (1-2-2; 5 pts, 9 GF/12 GA)
Best Canadian Championship finish: Semifinals (2011-14)
How they got here: Beat Ottawa Fury 6-2 on aggregate (3-1 away, 3-1 home) in preliminary round
The Eddies had their five-game unbeaten streak across all competitions snapped on Sunday, when they fell 4-2 in NASL action at the New York Cosmos. They went 8-5-5 in the NASL's fall 2014 season to place third, their best finish since debuting in 2011, but did not qualify for the postseason.
Edmonton's roster includes former MLSers Edson Edward, Sainey Nyassi and Johann Smith, but it's Northern Irish forward Daryl Fordyce who's their main goal threat, having totaled 13 NASL goals over the last two seasons to lead the team in that stretch. Fordyce and Tomi Ameobi, the brother of Premier League regulars Shola and Sammy, scored in each leg of the preliminary round, with Nyassi scoring in the second leg.
Edmonton will be without key defender and captain Albert Watson on Wednesday due to injury.
The latest 'Caps headlines at WhitecapsFC.com
One to watch: Lance Laing – The 27-year-old Jamaican midfielder scored seven goals in 27 games last year and has struck twice in the first five league games in 2015, also scoring in the first leg in Ottawa. Watch for his left foot on set pieces. Not convinced? Check out this free kick he scored against Minnesota just over a week ago.
X-Factor: Hanson Boakai – We don't actually know if he's going to play, but Boakai – who started the year in Colin Miller's doghouse but came off the bench in the second leg against Ottawa – is a treat to watch. The 18-year-old, already in his third professional season, started all four Edmonton games in the tournament last year and was one of the best players on the field, scoring once against Ottawa and assisting two of Edmonton's four goals against Montreal. "Canadian Messi" might be a stretch, but if he gets in the game, he could be a factor.
Dr Karl › Dr Karl's Great Moments In Science
'Hygienic' hand dryer hypothesis blows hot air
Many believe that those warm-air dryers in public toilets are there to improve public health. But Dr Karl sees other motives behind their installation.
Last time, I talked about handwashing hygiene, when you're away from home and using public conveniences, which includes the act of actually drying your hands. This drying should not just remove water. It should also remove bacteria.
Now there are different ways of drying your hands: paper towels, continuous-loop cotton towels and warm-air dryers.
Researchers got a real surprise when they counted the bacteria left on the fingertips after using these drying methods.
Washing the hands, and then using paper towels or continuous-loop cotton towels reduced the bacterial count by about 45–60 per cent. But washing, and then using a warm-air dryer actually increased the bacterial count by an average of 255 per cent.
How could drying your hands increase the number of bacteria on your skin?
When they went looking further, the researchers found out how. The bacteria were already inside the warm-air dryers, thanks to the warm moist environment. Every single warm-air dryer they tested had high bacterial counts on the air inlet, while 97 per cent had them on the outlet nozzle surfaces as well.
These were the figures for warm-air blower in public toilets. Of course, if you choose to do your measurements in a clean laboratory, you'll find lower bacterial counts.
Just imagine warm air blowing over poorly washed moist bacteria-laden fingers in a grimy public toilet. It's an ideal way to spread bacteria and other germs through the air, in an aerosol of tiny droplets.
But in most cases it doesn't matter, because our immune systems are resilient enough to keep the numbers of these bacteria low. Furthermore, the overwhelming majority of these bugs are fairly harmless. They don't usually include the real nasties like salmonella, shigella, campylobacter, hepatitis A or B, the SARS coronavirus, or the virus that causes meningococcal disease.
Now one important reason that you want to dry your hands is to remove the bacteria that are floating in the thin layer of water. After all, if you just let your hands dry slowly in the air, the bacteria will still be sitting on your skin.
With a towel (paper or cloth) you can apply some decent mechanical friction to your hands. This is an important part of the hand-cleaning process.
A towel soaks up the water, and the bacteria end up in the bin. You can dry 90 per cent of the surface area of your hand within 10 seconds with a towel. If the towel is in one place in the washroom, and the bin is in another, you can dry 90 per cent of your hands while you walk from one place to the next, and then walk out.
This suits most people just fine. After all, most public toilets and washrooms are not the kind of place where you want to spend your spare time.
A warm-air dryer cannot dry your hands within 10 seconds. Part of the reason for this is that in most cases, the wind blast is so pathetically gutless.
On average, they take 50 seconds to dry 90 per cent of your hands. This is really inconvenient, especially when other people are queuing up behind you to dry their hands.
They also have the problem of spreading bacteria. But, as I said before, in the vast majority of cases, these bacteria are not really a health risk.
Jet-air dryers have come on the market in the last few years. They blast air at enormous speed (they claim over 600 kilometres per hour, which I find hard to believe) and with enormous noise.
If you can apply some mechanical friction, and rub your hands together, you can dry 90 per cent of your hands within 10 seconds. This is good.
On the other hand, because the air does move faster, the jet-air dryer can blow bacteria some two metres, rather than the half-metre-or-so of a gutless warm-air dryer. But then again, the overwhelming majority of these bacteria are not dangerous.
And if the jet-air dryer has a good intake filter, it will stop the bacteria that are already floating in the bathroom air from getting sucked in and blown around.
Probably the most important lesson to take from this is to get into the regular habit of washing and drying your hands. Drying your hands on your jeans or hair is better than not drying them at all.
And don't believe that warm-air dryers were installed to improve hygiene. They are purely a cost-cutting measure. Anything else they tell you is a lot of hot air.
^ to top
There may be more money hiding in your couch than a few stray coins.
Canadians who bought sofas, mattresses, padded chairs and certain carpet products may be entitled to compensation for being overcharged thanks to legal settlements against dozens of foam manufacturers who allegedly conspired to fix prices between 1999 and 2012.
Claims start as low as $20 for those who purchased eligible products containing flexible polyurethane foam that were made in Canada. The material is a type of padding commonly used in furniture, mattresses, and carpet underlay.
In order to claim a piece of the $38 million out-of-court settlement, one of the largest related to price-fixing in Canadian history according to an awareness campaign, consumers must fill out a form on the Foam for Cash website and include a photo of the product label or receipt.
Eligible consumers must live in Canada or have lived in Canada between Jan. 1, 1999 and Jan. 10, 2012, and have bought a qualifying item in Canada.
“Twenty dollars is kind of the standard claim. All you have to do is indicate that you purchased one foam item in the appropriate period,” Heather Rumble Peterson, a partner at Strosberg Sasso Sutts, told CTV Toronto. “There is a calculator on the website that will help you determine whether or not you purchased enough additional items that we will take you above a $20 compensation file.”
Strosberg Sasso Sutts is one of four law firms that prosecuted class actions related to foam price fixing beginning in 2010.
Submitting a claim is free for both consumers and businesses until the Feb. 6, 2018 deadline.
For consumers, members of the same family who live together must pool their purchases into a single claim.
Manufacturers and resellers who purchased flexible polyurethane foam made in Canada, or eligible products, during this period may also be entitled to compensation.
The Foam for Cash campaign said the dollar amounts received will depend on the volume and type of Canadian flexible polyurethane foam, or eligible foam products purchased, as well as the volume of claimants.
“We hope to have the cheques out by the end of 2018,” Rumble Peterson said. “The courts have to approve the payment out, and eventually you will receive a cheque in the mail.”
She said these types of large settlements are essential to maintaining consumer confidence, and ensuring industry players act with integrity.
“People expect a fair and honest marketplace, and that is what these kinds of class actions that result in large settlements ensure is happening,” Rumble Peterson said. “This is your money.”
The Outpost #74
This post is also available in: Français (French)
This week's news are all on our new Elite: Dangerous recap: “The Outpost #74!
Summary:
Frontier News
2.4 – The Return
→ Read the Full Article Announcement Update 2.4 – The Return
Prepare for trouble, make it double! The Thargoids blast, at the speed of light!
If you've heard the word Thargoid all week, it's just because a major event has just happened on Elite: Dangerous. For years at stake we have been looking for signs of life; Even though the Barnacles, the Bark Mounds and other Trees are indeed made of organic life, no intelligent species could be observed in action… until this week when things seem to accelerate.
Indeed at the end of last week, unknown vessels could be observed interacting with Barnacles as if they were sucking something out of it. At the beginning of the week, Professor Ishmael Palin revealed that he was not under the protection of the Federation but on the contrary, under a blockade preventing him from communicating with the outside, stuck in his scientific base, system Maia. In a considerable effort, he succeeded in communicating to us that his theories on the Unknown Ships seem to bear fruit, terrible fruits. To help him, the galactic community had to deliver some Unknown data in order to push the analysis into its final recesses… but the Federation intercepted a number of these data and stored them in a gigantic fleet of two Farraguts – capital ships – as well as a flotilla of Federal fighters. During this convoy, the fleet was intercepted in hyperspace and then completely destroyed. When we arrived on-site: debris, remains of broken and destroyed ships, traces of fighting with unidentified weapons and a small beacon spreading these words: THARGOIDS… RETURN.
Update 2.4 is scheduled for Q3 of this year 2017, however, some very interesting things should happen before that – Edward Lewis confirms – and will further reveal the upcoming story and features. Do not read the end of this sentence if you do not want to be spoiled, go directly to the next paragraph: before 2.4, we may have to enter a cave with our SRV, drive in front of some strange eggs and a series of alien doors, then we would arrive in a very large room full of… Hah! Excited? I too!
For now, let's keep our eyes open, our minds focused and critical of what will happen very soon in Elite: Dangerous. Even if the fight seems to have been widely emphasized, there may be other means to interact with the Thargoids, and we really will have choices to make.
→ Learn more about the possible Thargoids' details.
Images from Filzar Geynep
Back to Summary
Developers and Community
A dedicated space to Devs' messages from the forums and social Medias.
~ Recent communications ~
[Mise à Jour Bêta] Bêta #2 2.3.10 with new stability fixes, bug fixes among other enhancements – Source – BrettC, Community Manager
Bêta #2 2.3.10 with new stability fixes, bug fixes among other enhancements – Source – [Actus E3] Speculations are nice and all, but I can see this going on a tangent that'll just get out of hand – and perhaps off-topic too. The thing I'd like to do is speak with Sandro and David when they return from E3 and get further clarification straight from them to you guys on what was said at E3. It's worth remembering that there's a difference between what press writes in an all-encompassing article intended for everyone outside of ‘the community' and what you guys (the more knowledgeable and detail-oriented folks) are after. Information will be given, just a little patience is required. I'll hound the E3 attendees when they return with the things you've been discussing in this (and similar) threads. – Source – Dale Emasiri, Community Manager
Speculations are nice and all, but I can see this going on a tangent that'll just get out of hand – and perhaps off-topic too. The thing I'd like to do is speak with Sandro and David when they return from E3 and get further clarification straight from them to you guys on what was said at E3. It's worth remembering that there's a difference between what press writes in an all-encompassing article intended for everyone outside of ‘the community' and what you guys (the more knowledgeable and detail-oriented folks) are after. Information be given, just a little patience is required. I'll hound the E3 attendees when they return with the things you've been discussing in this (and similar) threads. – Source – [Actus E3] Having spoken to our team at E3, atmospheric landings remains something we are still working towards and the whole studio, including David, is very keen to implement. We'd like to be able to give you an idea of the rough timeframe for it, but unfortunately that's not possible at the moment – we don't want to make potentially empty promises to you. As previously discussed and brought up in this thread by many of you, the flow of what we'll be focusing on in the next major update after 2.4 The Return, is the core gameplay and improving the overall experience of the game for everyone. It will take us one step closer to the best version of Elite possible, with a good foundation to start building on additional features afterwards. – Source – Dale Emasiri, Community Manager
Having spoken to our team at E3, atmospheric landings remains something we are still working towards and the whole studio, including David, is very keen to implement. We'd like to be able to give you an idea of the rough timeframe for it, but unfortunately that's not possible at the moment – we don't want to make potentially empty promises to you. As previously discussed and brought up in this thread by many of you, the flow of what we'll be focusing on in the next major update after 2.4 The Return, is the core gameplay and improving the overall experience of the game for everyone. It will take us one step closer to the best version of Elite possible, with a good foundation to start building on additional features afterwards. – Source – [PlayStation 4] We're doing a pre-PS4 launch livestream next week (on Thursday) where we'll be basically answering any leftover questions. There will be a forum post that runs down all that information too. We've got a couple of things to wrap up in terms of exactly how it will roll out, so we're waiting for that… you should have everything you need to know on Thursday at 7PM BST! We'll be showing off the game, and all the features on the stream too. Lloyd Morgan-Moore will be joining me on the stream, he's the producer who has been responsible for moving the game over to the PS4 (and he's lovely and has a nice face). – Source – Edward Lewis, Senior Community Manager
Back to Summary
A HOTAS for Xbox One
HOTAS : Hands on Throttle and Stick – A throttle and a joystick bring this extremely pleasant feeling of controlling the slightest movements of your ship. Often used on PCs, these small jewels prove to be very precise and bring a full range of hats, buttons, switches, three axes and various features… which are usually not available to console players with a controller.
Thrustmaster is a creator of quality peripherals for amateurs of simulation games; They finally unveiled one of their new products: an official HOTAS for Xbox One, T.Flight Hotas One! Created from the T Flight X (~€50), Hotas One has not yet unveiled its price but should bring a first great tool for console players in order to further gauge the market.
Xbox One Pilots, are you going to fall in love with your very own HOTAS?
→ Hey by the way, I almost forgot to tell you that Elite: Dangerous will be in full 4K on Xbox One X !
Back to Summary
Powerplay and Lore
Powerplay is an ongoing battle for interstellar conquest and control. Players can choose a Power, help guide their strategy, and take on special objectives to advance their shared cause. Player choices and actions have a direct and visible impact on the balance of galactic power.
Edmund Mahon =
Arissa Lavigny-Duval =
Aisling Duval +2
Felicia Winters =
Zachary Hudson + 1
Pranav Antal + 1
Denton Patreus + 1
Zemina Torval -5 // Turmoil
// Turmoil Archon Delaine + 1
Li Yong-Rui -1
Yuri Grom =
Cycle 106. We are in the cycle 107.
◘ 15th of June – The Knights of Karma have announced that their plan to establish a new mining facility in the Qa'wakana system has been warmly received by the galactic community. The organisation's targets for materials have been met, and work on the new facility is expected to start soon. A spokesman for the Knights of Karma released a statement:
“This is a landmark day for the people of Qa'wakana. The cost of the construction materials will be recouped from the minerals mined at the new facility, and local markets will be able to realise their full potential. The pilots who assisted us have our everlasting gratitude.”
◘ 15th of June – As the Empire and Federation continue to consolidate their presence in the Pleiades star cluster, both superpowers have announced new expansion initiatives centred in the region. The Empire has declared its intention to bolster its Navy with a new Well-class Carrier, one of the largest vessels of its kind, while the Federation has announced plans to establish an asteroid base among the rings of HIP 17692 A4 in the HIP 17692 system. Both superpowers have placed open orders for construction materials, promising to reward those who support their respective campaigns. The Merope Expeditionary Fleet has been authorised to coordinate the Imperial campaign, while the Pleiades Resource Enterprise has agreed to oversee the Federal initiative.
Galnet News
Back to Summary
Community Goals
Community Goals allow the community to work together on an ongoing project within a system. Fight, trade, smuggle, explore and help the factions and superpowers to achieve their goals. There is no good or bad CG, write your & Elite's stories while earning credits!
Two Community Goals this week: Transport for the Empire and the Federation
◘ Imperial Appeal for Commodities (Transport)
Location: Obsidian Orbital | Maia
Obsidian Orbital | Maia Objective: Deliver Silver , Micro-Weave Cooling Hoses and Emergency Power Cells
Deliver , and Rewards: Credits + New Carrier ship for the Imperial fleet
Credits + New Carrier ship for the Imperial fleet Progress: 0/8
0/8 Until: 22nd of June
22nd of June Description: See Lore
◘ Federal Appeal for Commodities (Transport)
Location: Obsidian Orbital | Maia
Obsidian Orbital | Maia Objective: Deliver Tantalum and Superconductors
Deliver and Rewards: Credits + New asteroid base in HIP 14692 A4's rings
Credits + New asteroid base in HIP 14692 A4's rings Progress: 3/8
3/8 Until: 22nd of June
22nd of June Description: See Lore
Back to Summary
Pics of the Week
Ishmael Palin
Back to Summary
Videos of the Week
ProduktionTerror filmed the Thargoid-barnacle interaction in first PoV.
Small Worlds Expedition 2 are progressing with this 4th waypoint on June the 14th. Mass jump!
Back to Summary
Do you like the Outpost? We'd like to hear from you in the comments!
Fairfax understands that these concerns are prompting discussions in senior military circles that could lead to Australian naval officers and air force pilots embarking on "freedom of navigation" missions to demonstrate that Canberra does not accept Beijing's hardening claims. Chinese dredging vessels are purportedly working in the waters around Mischief Reef in the disputed Spratly Islands in the South China Sea. Credit:Reuters The options, which include fly-throughs, sail-throughs and exercises involving various regional partners, are expected to crystallise after officials deliver a personal briefing to Prime Minister Tony Abbott during the next fortnight. Already, diplomats have dropped "talking points" about Australia not taking sides in the multi-layered territorial contest, which Chinese officials have used as evidence of Australian support. More substantially, Australia's intelligence agencies are upgrading the strategic threat assessments which will inform the Abbott government's first Defence White Paper, according to government sources. Late on Wednesday, Australia's top defence official, Dennis Richardson, brought Canberra's growing concerns into public view by telling a Sydney forum that China's "unprecedented" land reclamations raise questions of "intent" and risks of "miscalculation".
"It is legitimate to ask the purpose of the land reclamation – tourism appears unlikely," said Mr Richardson, delivering the annual Blamey Oration at the New South Wales state Parliament. Department secretary Dennis Richardson. Credit:Jay Cronan "Given the size and modernisation of China's military, the use by China of land reclamation for military purposes would be of particular concern," he said. The Defence Secretary's comments were the most detailed and forthright from a senior Australian official since China began building its audacious network of airstrips, deep-water ports and other military-capable infrastructure on previously submerged reefs in the Spratly Islands last year. Reclamation: A satellite image taken in April shows a Chinese airstrip under construction on Fiery Cross Reef in the South China Sea. Credit:Reuters
China says the new sand islands will be used for humanitarian, environmental, fishing and other internationally-minded purposes. But it warned this week in its own Defence White Paper that it would gradually expand "offshore waters defence" to include "open seas protection", adding that it would not tolerate other countries "meddling". In Canberra, Fairfax understands that China's frenetic building activity has prompted the Defence Intelligence Organisation and Office of National Assessments to adopt a more hawkish tone since they each delivered major strategic threat assessments to the National Security Committee of Committee (NSC) mid-last year. Their revised strategic assessments, due to be submitted to the NSC in coming weeks, will show how the reclamations could enable China to greatly amplify threats of coercive force in order to play a gate-keeping role across hotly-contested maritime areas, if left unchecked.
What Australia should do about the challenge is a more difficult question. Australian military officers and officials have discussed a need to demonstrate that they do not recognise any 12-mile territorial zone or more expansive economic zone that China may unilaterally claim around its freshly-minted islands. But they are grappling with the need to avoid inflaming a potential confrontation Australia's largest trading partner. Last week the United States demonstrated its position with a flyover by a P-8 surveillance plane, which carried a CNN journalist. The voice of an Australian can be heard over the aircraft's radio. Senior officers and officials have speculated that Australia could join a humanitarian or military exercise with the United States or one of several regional partners including Japan, Malaysia and Singapore.
Such a move has been discussed in Washington and key capitals in the region but no proposal has yet been put to Canberra, it is understood. It could also dispatch naval vessels or air force planes through a contested area on route to a routine destination. Officials say that any such "demonstration" is likely to be conducted with minimal publicity, to avoid inflaming China's reaction. Mr Richardson, in his Sydney address to the Royal United Services Institute, said the area of previously-submerged atolls that China has reclaimed in the past year is nearly four times as large as that which the five other claimant states have achieved over several decades. And he critiqued the nebulous nature of China's claims which, on some readings, cover more than 80 per cent of the entire South China Sea.
"It is not constructive to give the appearance of seeking to change facts on the ground without any clarification of actual claims," he said. "It is legitimate to raise such questions and express such concerns because tensions and potential miscalculations are not in anyone's interest."
Unknown assailants shot at an Israeli ambulance near a West Bank settlement late Saturday night, damaging the vehicle but not causing any injuries.
Officials said between 15 and 19 shots were fired at a Magen Daven Adom emergency vehicle between the settlement of Beit El and the neighboring outpost of Givat Asaf north of Ramallah, with at least four bullets hitting the van.
Israeli security forces were dispatched to the nearby Palestinian village of Beytan to search for suspects, according to Hebrew media reports.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
MDA head Eli Bin said he was sure security forces would catch those involved and work to prevent further attacks.
“MDA, Israel's national rescue organization, regards this as a severe incident that crosses a red line in an attempt to purposefully attack a vehicle meant to care for and evacuate the sick and wounded,” Bin said in a statement.
The attacker apparently shot from next to a new road recently built to connect Beytan to Ramallah, according to the Ynet news website.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility.
Beit El local government head Shai Alon said the IDF had recently reopened the road over protestations by the settlement leadership, who said it had been the cause of security issues.
“Tonight the attackers came via the new road and escaped after shooting at the ambulance, and only by a miracle didn't hurt anyone,” he said in a statement. “The writing was on the wall and we demand defense officials not reopen the road.”
The attack comes a day after a Palestinian assailant opened fire on a group of soldiers manning the Bekaot checkpoint in the northern West Bank.
The attacker was shot and killed by troops without causing any injuries.
Last week, a Palestinian man stabbed and seriously injured an Israeli Border Police officer outside Jerusalem's Damascus Gate, police said. An officer on the scene shot the suspected assailant.
The suspect in that attack was identified as an 18-year-old Palestinian man from the West Bank, who was named by Arabic media as Yasser Yassin Tarwa of Hebron. He was seriously injured and sent to Hadassah Hospital. The officer suffered multiple stab wounds to the neck and chest and was taken to Jerusalem's Shaare Zedek Hospital after receiving treatment on site.
Ah…the good ol' domination. Beating your opponent to the point where even your very avatar cannot help but ridicule them in their sad pathetic state. Feels good doesn't it? Well sometimes there's a far deeper meaning behind that ridicule, a deep rooted reference, kind of like when you play records backwards in an attempt to listen to Satan. Sans the Satan, Valve has placed a rather interesting reference within one of the Medic's sound cues: “I am ze Übermensch!”
As you may know, Übermensch (in English that's loosely translated to Superman or Overlord) is a term coined by the late German philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche in his book Thus Spake Zarathustra. Zarathustra is a dude who holes up on top of a mountain for a few years, has an epiphany then goes out into the world in order to create a better mankind (he doesn't succeed).
Nietzsche never really goes into much detail regarding what exactly an Übermensch is, but here's a loose definition: A man above all predetermined sense of morality established by society. I guess the idea is that once you're above all morals then you're able to truly understand the meaning of… well everything. If you're really interested, read up on Nietzsche's bit about Good and Evil in his first essay.
“‘Originally' – so they decree – ‘one approved unegoisitic actions and called them good from the point of view of those to whom they were done, that is to say, those to whom they were useful; later one forgot how this approval originated and, simply because unegoisitic actions were always habitially praised as good, one also felt them to be good – as if they were something good in themselves.'” – Nietzsche, Friedrich, ‘Good and Evil', ‘Good and Bad', Section 2, page 25
Both Zarathustra and the Medic are ideologically the same in the respect that both see man as something to be surpassed. A being that has yet to fully awaken to it's true potential. The only difference is their execution. Zarathustra went out into the world to teach others to create Übermensch, the Medic does so in a far more direct manner through the use of his medigun and the ubercharge.
Through the medigun, all other classes become Gods, beings above and beyond death…for the next few seconds. Remember how Medic looked 3m30sec into his “Meet the” video as he stood atop a pile of his fallen enemies? He stood above all others, the sun peeking out through the clouds as his doves commence a flyby in recognition of their master's victory.
That brings me to my next point: Doves. Zarathustra also had a “love” for them as well. Throughout the book he mentions doves when he goes on his often strange and lofty tirades that made me stop paying attention.
“MY CHILDREN ARE NIGH, MY CHILDREN”—, then he became quite mute. His heart, however, was loosed, and from his eyes there dropped down tears and fell upon his hands. And he took no further notice of anything, but sat there motionless, without repelling the animals further. Then flew the doves to and fro, and perched on his shoulder, and caressed his white hair, and did not tire of their tenderness and joyousness. The strong lion, however, licked always the tears that fell on Zarathustra's hands, and roared and growled shyly. Thus did these animals do.”— Nietzsche, Friedrich, Thus spake Zarathustra, Page 477
The significance of doves to the Medic is fairly obvious as they provide companionship. Archimedes in particular (you know, that bird that can't help but crawl inside chest cavities) embodies the Medic's curiosity. Now, given these rather significant similarities one couldn't help but think that Valve did this on purpose. So I sent an email to Mike Ambinder of Valve Software. Why Mike? He has a B.A. from Yale and a PhD in Psychology from the University of Illinois. My guess is that out of all the Valve staff he might know a thing or two about Friedrich Nietzsche. So what was his response?
“I agree. It is very unlikely that it is simply a coincidence. :-)”
I had wanted to see from him, “YES! THE MEDIC IS ZARATHUSTRA!!!”…but…instead I got this short and somewhat cryptic answer. I mean yeah it does confirm that there's a purposely drawn relation between the two characters…But…it's such a brief reply. I want a definitive answer but with this there's still some room for doubt. What do you think, is the medic Zarathustra? Leave your thoughts in the comments!
Four suburban Illinois teenagers were being held Tuesday on child pornography charges for allegedly producing a group-sex video of themselves and posting it to Twitter.
The youths, whose names were not released because of their age, include a 15-year-old girl and boys 14, 15, and 16. They were arrested Friday and charged with distributing child pornography online.
"The child pornography offense that was charged is in place for a reason, because we don't want to accept that type of behavior as a society. So I think it's making a strong statement, and I think it's important to do so to send the message to others: that kids shouldn't be involved in this type of behavior, and hopefully this will serve as a deterrent," Joliet Police Chief Brian Benton said.
After learning about the footage, the girl's mother contacted police about the March 24 video.
Local press said a hearing is set for April 13 to determine whether the youths should remain in custody. Punishment could range from probation to being detained in a juvenile facility until their 21st birthdays.
A humanoid stripper in desperate need of an exorcism, seductively (?) dancing to distorted renditions of Lady Gaga and Robin Thicke makes for the newest installation at a New York gallery, created by artist Jordan Wolfson.
The unnamed robot, whose demonic green face is already giving me nightmares, is dressed in a revealing lacy white dress smudged in dirt and has stripper pole extending from her stomach to the wall.
Thanks to cutting-edge animatronics she dances with eerily human like movements, generally adding to her air of Uncanny Valley freakiness.
To make her even scarier she is fitted with face recognising technology, allowing her to follow the gaze of visitors while she challenges them to “look away” in a deep voice… Jesus Christ.
More Weird Art
Dream Come True: Someone Has Made a Nicolas Cage Art Show
Artist Sculpts Life-Sized Animals out of Ocean Pollution
Iconic TV and Movie Cars Reimagined As Transformers
India is among the 10 worst countries for expatriates to live and work in—for a second straight year.
India ranks 55th on a list of 64 best countries for expats, according to the 2015 Expat Insider survey conducted by InterNations GmBH, a Germany-based expat social group. The survey covered 14,000 respondents.
Ecuador topped the list for a second year in a row, while Kuwait was at the bottom. Here is the complete ranking:
The Expat Insider survey's rankings were based on nine parameters, which included subcategories like work-life balance, job security and quality and cost of childcare and education.
The table below shows India's ranking on various parameters for 2015, compared to a year ago:
Parameter 2015 rank 2014 rank Cost of living 11 13 Working abroad 51 52 Ease of settling in 44 46 Family life 34 28 Personal finance 9 14 Quality of life 58 58
The survey for 2015 included a new category—the best places for expatriate women versus men. Not surprisingly, women expatriates find it harder to live in India compared to their male peers. India stood 49th in the ranking for countries favourable for male expatriates, but in the ranking for women expatriates, India ranked 53rd.
The survey also said the country was one of the worst country for expatriates' kids in terms of their health and safety. “Only half (of the expatriate parents) are generally satisfied and a dismal 5% say the conditions are very good,” the survey said.
India also apparently isn't the best place for expats to find love.
“Romantic problems seem to take a backseat for most expats. Still, 38% of single respondents say the expat lifestyle makes having a relationship rather difficult…,” the Expat Insider survey said. “Moreover, India seems to be a destination where finding a partner seems especially hard, according to 49% of single survey respondents.”
Beetroot growers can process plans
Updated
Beetroot growers in southern Queensland's Lockyer Valley say they will not proceed with plans to build a canning and processing facility.
Local growers produce 90 per cent of Australia's beetroot crop but will be left without a market when Heinz moves its processing facility offshore next year.
Spokesman Colin Dorber says a study they have commissioned shows it will cost too much to build their own cannery in the Lockyer.
"[The] second stage feasibility study is scheduled to be developed, terms of reference signed off, and be completed by December 31 this year, so that the really critical decisions for the next beetroot planting season and the long-term decisions particularly about investment be taken," he said.
Topics: vegetables, agricultural-policy, agribusiness, manufacturing, lockyer-4344, toowoomba-4350
First posted
“Disney is here! Disney has really come to Zhengzhou!” the paper said.
And the Hefei Network, a news website, said in 2013 that the “Disney project” that Mr. Meng signed with the city's mayor, Zhang Qingjun — who has since been dismissed for corruption — would stretch across 1,300 acres and be built over three years.
In January of this year, the state-run Jianghuai Morning News reported that a Disney project in the same province would consist of a theme park based around the mobile video game Angry Birds (which is not produced by Disney, but the Finnish company Rovio), film special effects production offices, and other offerings. It is unclear whether the 2013 deal announced in Hefei, in one of China's poorest provinces, is the same one.
In February, The Hangzhou Daily reported that a building in Ningbo was emblazoned with a Disney logo.
A search on Tianyancha, a corporate database in China, showed that Mr. Meng's name was linked to 21 companies in the country, with him listed either as the legal representative or executive director. Most of the companies' names start with the same Chinese character for Disney, “Dee Magic,” and contain “America” in them. Mr. Meng had also registered two companies in Hong Kong, a search on the city's database found.
The Disney spokeswoman said that neither Dee Magic nor any of its affiliates had been authorized by Disney to promote projects or sign deals on behalf of the company, and that they had been told “to immediately cease any unauthorized activity.”
She added that while Disney had signed a memorandum of understanding with the Henan government for a “very limited consumer products license agreement,” it appeared that “they've maybe gone beyond the bounds of the licensing agreement.”
Last year, Disney opened a $5.5 billion resort in Shanghai, its first in mainland China. It also has a park in Hong Kong, the autonomous former British colony.
New Delhi: A Delhi court has acquitted Sonu Punjaban, accused of running a sex racket and charged under stringent provisions of the Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act (MCOCA).
Additional Sessions Judge Gulshan Kumar freed accused Geeta Arora alias Sonu Punjaban of the charges of MCOCA due to lack of evidence.
The court said that the police has failed to produce concrete evidence against the 33-year-old accused.
Delhi Police in April 2011 had slapped the stringent MCOCA on Punjaban for allegedly running an organised sex racket in the capital and nearby cities in 2011, besides being involved in a murder case.
Police had arrested Punjaban from south Delhi's Mehrauli area on April 1, 2011.
It had told the court that they received a tip off that the accused was present at her house and her associate was alluring the customers on road.
The police accordingly led a trap and deployed one of its officers as decoy customer and struck a deal with tout Raju Sharma and Punjaban for two girls for Rs 7,000 each.
The police had said that the raiding party had arrested Punjaban along with four call girls, her tout Sharma and three men.
"Accused Punjaban and her associates have no legal source of income even though they are accumulating a large wealth. She is a habitual criminal and is continuously indulging in these activities for pecuniary gains as she has no fear of law in her mind."
"The existing legal penal and procedural laws and adjudicatory system has become rather inadequate to curb or control menace of her illegal activities in society. Therefore, there is need to curb her criminal activities in order to keep peace and tranquillity in society through more powerful and deterrent law. The involvement as mentioned above being the activities of this syndicate within the scope and objects for which MCOCA was enacted," the police had said in the FIR.
"She decided to enter the flesh trade to support her lavish lifestyle. Initially she worked alone but later on, as more high profile clients added to her list, she formed a group of aspiring models and actresses who would often get entrapped in her net," the official had then alleged.
The police had alleged that she was involved in several other cases including immoral traffic and murder.
Brain Transplant
"Live at Blank Space, 2.25.13"
These guys are pillars in the Noise/experimental scene and have been rattling around St Louis as a destructo-unit for a good decade and a half. This particular live iteration was made up of mainstays Chris Smentkowski and Ajay Khanna, though over the years they have folded the likes of sax titan Dave Stone (maybe the only reed player in America who can play standards in a restaurant quartet one night and blast Borbetomagus-style sax-noise-feedback the next), drum warrior Danny McClain, synth head Raglani and other shredders into the mix. Those larger group units usually work in the free-rock/out-jazz vein, with Smentkowski on gnarled guitar. This duo version was straight electronics and laptop frizzle. This was the short entirety of that set.
Byssus
"Inexhaustible Host"
from Hunting The Bitter Rose
(Bezoar Formations)
Though she mainly operates in the shadows, Gwyneth Merner aka Byssus occasionally unveils new packages of fog-haze for live shows. Working with theremin, loops, occasional field recordings and assorted other technologies, she aspires for a Deep Listening mindstate within a Taj Mahal Travelers echo-field. Sometimes light float tones, other times heavy molten gut-churners. She excels in studio mode, though, where she can layer everything just to her exact specifications, as in this stellar piece.
Darin Gray
"Gateway For Phyllis Diller (Mouth Piece Study No.1)"
from Rhizomatic St Louis Vol 2
(Close/Far)
As one of the longtime figureheads in the St Louis scene with a slew of landmark bands/projects over the past two decades (see: Dazzling Killmen, Grand Ulena, Brise-Glace, On Fillmore, etc etc etc), Darin Gray is a go-to collaborator and improviser on bass, both in local and national/international contexts. The list of people he's played with is a wet dream for many a nerd: Loren Mazzacane Connors, Jim O'Rourke, Kevin Drumm, Merzbow, Ikue Mori, Will Oldham, etc etc etc. The man is a master of many modes. His Chikamorachi duo with Chris Corsano has come through town a couple of times in recent years, each gig a showcase for Fire Music telepathy and every imaginable drums/bass extended technique. This track, however, is Darin in solo mode, apparently using a mouthpiece and some other trickery. It's a warm drone bath of the deepest kind.
Ghost Ice
"Live at Apop, 8.2.11"
In the far reaches of the US underground, Jeremy Kannapell aka Ghost Ice is a bit of a legend. I've heard people whisper his name in reverence on the East and West Coasts, as well as several places in between. This is partly due to his aversion for recording, making him hard to trace and document, like the jackalope of experimental music. His outer realm live sets are what fuels this wildfire word of mouth, though. Brain joggling pans, buried Revue OU-styled vocalese, sparse and precise electronic whirring and squiggling, strange near-rhythmic pulses, among other hard to describe techniques, are in his mystery bag. Unlike many out there, Ghost Ice knows how to punctuate his sounds with silence, making the whole experience all that much more potent and disorienting. He's defined his own sound language, for sure. Kannapell is also a keen visual artist in the filmic and paper-based mediums, a noteworthy collagist of all stripes.
Global Distance
"In Common With The Arouser"
from The Death Of Nature Boy
(Human Conduct)
The duo of Rick Wilson and Rick Weaver couldn't have made more sense through only making nonsense. Wilson – of the long running cultic-psych scene-anchor weirdo band Skarekrau Radio as well as other Noise freak groups (Beauty Pageant, Perverted, etc) – and Weaver – of Dinner Music (psychedelic solo lounge music?) and Form a Log (best band in America?), among others – were a combo for the ages. Though Weaver recently moved to Chattanooga to open a tiki bar, Rick and Rick unleashed a demonic string of shows over a couple years. They weren't "shows" as much as strange vaudevillian free jazz with guttural catharsis, each one an act in ongoing absurdist theatre. Drums, tapes, electronics, and primal gaudy spectacle. I think I saw them use a box of neon-colored feather boas and an industrial fan to maximum effect once. This track is from their "realm play" called The Death Of Nature Boy, released as a tape on Weaver's own Human Conduct label.
Kevin Harris
"NI6B^RR [Food Poisoning]"
from Split w/NNN Cook
(Close/Far)
Kevin Harris might be a certified genius, though I don't know his actual Mensa score. Trained as a sculptor, he works as an electrical engineer by day and makes a crazy range of next-level modular synthesizer elaborations across the audio/visual spectrum the rest of the time. He is, like many others in STL, way too under documented. He plays out pretty frequently, in solo and collaborative ventures, and luckily for those of us who rabidly follow his shows like 1970s era Deadheads, every single performance is radically different. He has both the technical smarts and the aesthetic refinement to be able to make the most insanely abstract electronic tapestries on par with anything out of the INA/GRM. Each event is a glorious befuddlement-inducer; "what just happened?" is the common look on faces. He's been doing increasingly more work with video-synthesizers, light sensors and other things I don't understand, including spearheading a recent film and sound event at the Contemporary Art Museum that was an homage to Finnish electronic music pioneer Erkki Kurenniemi. Totally nuts.
Larva Lou
"TV Song"
(unreleased)
After a long hibernation period, Larva Lou has been emerging into the light again as performer. She's long been a point lady for visiting out-of-towner weirdos hitting up STL on their tour routes, thus helping keep the place a necessary hub for visionary scuzzballs of all stripes. Her own jams have been spread out into mutant beat oriented stuff, Gothic Noise blasts and honest and pure fogged songsmithery. A show not too long ago saw her play a set in a lit-up camping tent in a dark and crowded basement. Who knows what was going on in that tent, but it sounded like decaying Gregorian chants and heavily reverbed string pointillism, so I'll take it.
Marble
"Blood Orange"
from Rhizomatic St Louis Vol. 2
(Close/Far)
I'm 99.9% sure that her parents weren't naming her after Conrad Schnitzler, but Connie Su aka Marble has a penchant for working in the same kind of zonked and dreamy keyboard/synth worlds as her predecessor. Con & Con would have been a dream collabo, no doubt. Marble has only been playing out for a little while and her recordings are scarce (for now), but she came out of the gates with fully formed notions on how to graft melodies onto electrical grids. Drum machines, tapes, vocals and occasional guitar are up in the mix at times, but the keyboard work is where the real strange heat lives. There is a definite lost Library Music/outsider-synth-pop vibe to her approach and it hits all the sweet spots you could ever want it to.
NNN Cook
"(Bl)end User A" (excerpt)
from (Bl)end User
(Bezoar Formations)
Full DiscIosure: I just put out a tape of NNN Cook computer music, so I'll just plagiarise my own writeup: "His prime vehicle for solo sound output over the years has been through his namesake NNN Cook project, which has been manifested largely through a long series of interconnected ritualistic live performances. In these small scale events, Cook employs multiple cheap tape recorders, handheld percussive gestures, wild saxophone skree, small motor elements and gut blossoming oscillators, while playing the full dynamics of a given room's architectural constraints. The stage is everywhere and nowhere for the man. (Bl)end User is a significant departure from these concerns, as he dons the new coat of the weary techno-futurist. The approach here is pure electronic lab-work of the highest order [...] The effort doesn't come across as computer music per se, more as a viscous pixelated syrup-mulch seeping into your inner ear."
Raglani
"Outer Rim Territories"
(unreleased)
Joseph Raglani has been cranking out laser beam precise modular synthesizer music for the past decade. The most outwardly visible practitioner in town, his work has found homes on both cottage industry tape labels and higher profile venues (with work on Editions Mego, Spectrum Spools, Kranky, et al). He's also been putting out split-personality pseudonymous albums for a little while now, each with their own fictional/non-fictional biographies, allowing the man to inhabit more varied approaches to electronic music than he might under his given name. Though it was released with little fanfare, his Mego album from last year (featuring retina splitting art by Jeremy Kanappell, naturally) was his best yet, perfectly blending classic synth frameworks with refined pop modes. This track is from a compilation album some years back, one that was kind of lost in the ether, so it's good to bring it to the light again.
Video
For anyone interested in filmic proof of some wild performances, Chizmo TV is a necessary stopping point. Chad has the craziest spy-cam/live-edit/video feedback aesthetic and is a key documentarian.
Image: Budi Nusyirwan/Flickr
In this day and age, pretty much nothing is unhackable—not even office printers locked away at the top of a skyscraper.
A group of researchers has built a drone that, along with a smartphone and custom apps, can be used to automatically steal documents from printers with open WiFi connections. The goal of the project is to teach companies that printers can be an easy way in for hackers trying to steal data or get into their networks.
The researchers at iTrust, a research center at the Singapore University of Technology and Design, created two apps: one called Cybersecurity Patrol, which detects open WiFi printers and automatically alerts the company's IT department, and another one that automatically steals documents by mimicking the printer and tricking computers to send documents to it instead of the actual printer.
"This is the main point of the research, closing the physical gap with [a] drone in order to launch the attack or scan easily all the organization [for vulnerable devices]," Yuval Elovici, the head of iTrust, told Wired, which first reported on the project.
For the project, the group used a DJI drone and a Samsung smartphone, which they rooted to install a different operating system on it. The ideas are that companies can use the drone to make an easy and automated assessment of their security. The researchers also built a robot vacuum cleaner that can go around the office and do the same.
Maybe this is yet another sign that the robot hackers, or hackbots, are coming.
(Homepage image: Budi Nusyirwan/Flickr)
Vive Deluxe Audio Strap is rated 4.9 out of 5 by 17 .
Rated 5 out of 5 by Edmund from Must-have for anyone who enjoys their Vive It is hard to really capture how much more comfortable and useable this make the Vive headset vs the included strap. Can you live with the original strap? Sure. Does this make the experience noticeably better? Absolutely. As an audio engineer I will say the included headsets are more than good enough for VR, the entire headset feels much lighter and the cable to box seems much less heavy and cumbersome. Not to mention how quickly and easily you can adjust and take the headset on/off.
Rated 5 out of 5 by David from Best upgrade to the Vive Next to wireless, this is a really nice upgrade to my Vive. The really firm fit allows you to keep the front-heavy HMD from sliding down. The headphones are very adjustable and the on-ear placement stay secure even when i'm moving around a lot. Sound quality is alright, I just wish it could go a few decibels louder. The foam doesn't disintegrate as reported, maybe they improved on this release already. Just buy this!
Rated 5 out of 5 by Michael from Legit upgrade I wish this thing wasn't necessary but is. I was experiencing pain on the top and sides of my head from the default strap included with the Vive. It was also a huge pain to keep pulling off my headphones every time I needed to take off the Vive. The deluxe strap fixed all those issues and provides a MUCH better fit for all of my family's different head shapes and sizes. B&H also delivered promptly and securely.
Rated 5 out of 5 by Keith from Huge Difference! If you already own an HTC VIVE this is a must upgrade. Like all the reviews you can find online I can verify from my own experience that this definitely is a game changer. Very easy to remove and put on your head compared to the straps it came with stock and very convenient with the attached earphones. You don't even feel the weight of the VR with this attachment. So happy with this.
Rated 5 out of 5 by Donald from The comfort in this is extreme THIS IS A MUST-BUY FOR ALL HTC VIVE USERS, Due to me having bad acne, the default headstrap put too much weight on the fluffy mask that is on your face when playing games, It would pretty much irritate my acne, pop pimples etc, When I got this, it fixed everything, and the weight is balanced.
Rated 5 out of 5 by Johnathan from Must-have This is a significant upgrade for the headset. It's easy to install and the sound is good enough, but the real improvement is the comfort and improved fit of the easily adjustable back piece.
Rated 5 out of 5 by Donald from Good product. Glad to be rid of the earphones!! B&H let me know when they came in and didn't price gouge like others on the net. Charged me the regular price.
Doug Pederson's name emerged as candidate for the Eagles' head coaching search, Sunday morning and immediately two independent sources shot it down.
Now a few days later, they're not so sure.
"I think Andy (Reid) is getting to the owner (Jeffrey Lurie),'' one said. "Those two still get along pretty well, which is kind of peculiar on its own. But (Lurie) listens to Andy. They may wait and interview Pederson, and then who knows?''
Pederson, the Kansas City Chiefs' offensive coordinator, under Reid, cannot be interviewed by the Eagles, or any other team, until the Chiefs are out of the playoffs. They play at the Houston Texans, Saturday. If the Chiefs were to make it to the Super Bowl, he could be interviewed during the bye week before the game.
The second source, who thought all along the Eagles might be doing Reid a favor, said Pederson has a shot, but should not be considered the favorite.
"I don't think he's their first choice,'' he said of Pederson. "I'm not sure who that is, maybe (Adam) Gase, but (Pederson) could be their fall back option. I think it's obvious they're looking for an offensive-minded guy who can work with quarterbacks. He fits that mold.''
RELATED: Gase interviews, leaves
Pederson signed with the Eagles as a quarterback in 1999, Reid's first year as head coach and started until rookie Donovan McNabb was ready to take over.
He came back to the Eagles as the quarterbacks coach under Reid in 2011 and 2012 when the team struggled to 8-8 and 4-12 marks.
When Reid was fired by Lurie and hired by the Kansas City Chiefs in 2013, Reid picked Pederson to be his offensive coordinator over both of his former coordinators with the Eagles, Brad Childress and Marty Mornhinweg.
MORE: Who might Eagles draft at No. 13
Thus far the Eagles have held interviews with three candidates, current running backs coach Duce Staley, current offensive coordinator Pat Shurmur and Gase, the Chicago Bears offensive coordinator.
They are reported to be setting up an interview with Tampa Bay Buccaneers offensive coordinator Dirk Koetter.
Mark Eckel may be reached at mjeck04@verizon.net. Follow him on Twitter @MarkEckel08. Find NJ.com Eagles on Facebook.
THE NO-HUDDLE SHOW, Ep. 24: Searching for Chip Kelly's replacement as Eagles coach
[Pamela sent this picture to me. I love it when I can help people do their art.]
This one will be a short one – as many of you know, I'm currently at SXSW. It's awesome and intimidating and overwhelming all at once.
One of the panels I went to the other day was “Try Making Yourself More Interesting,” moderated by Brian Oberkirch. In his discussion about how to make yourself more interesting, he presented the following, easy guidance:
Do Epic Shit
Many of us aren't doing epic shit because we think we're not big enough to do it. Or that it's better to start with something small and that smallness defines our ambition indefinitely. Or that epic shit is stuff that epic people do.
Wrong. Everyday people do epic shit and then become epic. They weren't born that way.
Okay, so you may not like “Do Epic Shit” as a mantra. You might prefer to think along the lines of “Create Something Remarkable” a la Seth. They're saying the same thing, though.
What are you doing that's epic? Why is it worth talking about? Why should other people care?
Rather than do something small and work like hell to build a story around it, do epic shit and let it speak for itself. (Tweet this.)
Need some help getting your epic shit done? Join us for our Monthly Momentum Calls on the first Monday of every month. We'll give you the structured time and support you need to ask some questions and start finishing the stuff that actually matters.
Grove Labs Imagine if you could grow organic fruits and vegetables right inside your home, year-round?
That's what a startup called Grove wants to help you do with its Ecosystem, which they describe as "an intelligent, in-home garden."
Grove Labs, a startup based in Sommerville, Massachusetts, was founded by two MIT students who wanted to give people the ability to grow their own food, regardless of their location or season.
The startup raised $4 million in seed funding, according to the Boston Globe. And in just four days, the company has raised more than $230,000 in additional funding on Kickstarter.
But their product isn't cheap: Pricing starts at $2,700.
Here's how the ecosystem works:
The ecosystem contains an aquarium, where fish eat food and turn it into waste. Bacteria take that waste and turn it into nitrates, which is a critical fertilizer for plants. A plumbing system pumps the nitrate-enriched water through the plant beds, creating a self-enclosed ecosystem. Grove Labs
This symbiosis between fish, plants, and bacteria is called aquaponics.
The ecosystems contain two gardening beds. Instead of soil, they contain expanding clay pebbles, which also act as a biological filter. The plants are nourished by LED lights, which can slide up and down to adjust to the height of the plants.
Grove Labs
The ecosystem is controlled by an intelligent operating system. It even comes with a vacation mode, so you won't need to rely on a neighbor to water your plants.
Grove plans to launch its product nationally soon.
Spark Release 1.0.0
Spark 1.0.0 is a major release marking the start of the 1.X line. This release brings both a variety of new features and strong API compatibility guarantees throughout the 1.X line. Spark 1.0 adds a new major component, Spark SQL, for loading and manipulating structured data in Spark. It includes major extensions to all of Spark's existing standard libraries (ML, Streaming, and GraphX) while also enhancing language support in Java and Python. Finally, Spark 1.0 brings operational improvements including full support for the Hadoop/YARN security model and a unified submission process for all supported cluster managers.
You can download Spark 1.0.0 as either a source package (5 MB tgz) or a prebuilt package for Hadoop 1 / CDH3, CDH4, or Hadoop 2 / CDH5 / HDP2 (160 MB tgz). Release signatures and checksums are available at the official Apache download site.
API Stability
Spark 1.0.0 is the first release in the 1.X major line. Spark is guaranteeing stability of its core API for all 1.X releases. Historically Spark has already been very conservative with API changes, but this guarantee codifies our commitment to application writers. The project has also clearly annotated experimental, alpha, and developer API's to provide guidance on future API changes of newer components.
Integration with YARN Security
For users running in secured Hadoop environments, Spark now integrates with the Hadoop/YARN security model. Spark will authenticate job submission, securely transfer HDFS credentials, and authenticate communication between components.
Operational and Packaging Improvements
This release significantly simplifies the process of bundling and submitting a Spark application. A new spark-submit tool allows users to submit an application to any Spark cluster, including local clusters, Mesos, or YARN, through a common process. The documentation for bundling Spark applications has been substantially expanded. We've also added a history server for Spark's web UI, allowing users to view Spark application data after individual applications are finished.
Spark SQL
This release introduces Spark SQL as a new alpha component. Spark SQL provides support for loading and manipulating structured data in Spark, either from external structured data sources (currently Hive and Parquet) or by adding a schema to an existing RDD. Spark SQL's API interoperates with the RDD data model, allowing users to interleave Spark code with SQL statements. Under the hood, Spark SQL uses the Catalyst optimizer to choose an efficient execution plan, and can automatically push predicates into storage formats like Parquet. In future releases, Spark SQL will also provide a common API to other storage systems.
MLlib Improvements
In 1.0.0, Spark's MLlib adds support for sparse feature vectors in Scala, Java, and Python. It takes advantage of sparsity in both storage and computation in linear methods, k-means, and naive Bayes. In addition, this release adds several new algorithms: scalable decision trees for both classification and regression, distributed matrix algorithms including SVD and PCA, model evaluation functions, and L-BFGS as an optimization primitive. The MLlib programming guide and code examples have also been greatly expanded.
GraphX and Streaming Improvements
In addition to usability and maintainability improvements, GraphX in Spark 1.0 brings substantial performance boosts in graph loading, edge reversal, and neighborhood computation. These operations now require less communication and produce simpler RDD graphs. Spark's Streaming module has added performance optimizations for stateful stream transformations, along with improved Flume support, and automated state cleanup for long running jobs.
Extended Java and Python Support
Spark 1.0 adds support for Java 8 new lambda syntax in its Java bindings. Java 8 supports a concise syntax for writing anonymous functions, similar to the closure syntax in Scala and Python. This change requires small changes for users of the current Java API, which are noted in the documentation. Spark's Python API has been extended to support several new functions. We've also included several stability improvements in the Python API, particularly for large datasets. PySpark now supports running on YARN as well.
Documentation
Spark's programming guide has been significantly expanded to centrally cover all supported languages and discuss more operators and aspects of the development life cycle. The MLlib guide has also been expanded with significantly more detail and examples for each algorithm, while documents on configuration, YARN and Mesos have also been revamped.
Smaller Changes
PySpark now works with more Python versions than before – Python 2.6+ instead of 2.7+, and NumPy 1.4+ instead of 1.7+.
Spark has upgraded to Avro 1.7.6, adding support for Avro specific types.
Internal instrumentation has been added to allow applications to monitor and instrument Spark jobs.
Support for off-heap storage in Tachyon has been added via a special build target.
Datasets persisted with DISK_ONLY now write directly to disk, significantly improving memory usage for large datasets.
now write directly to disk, significantly improving memory usage for large datasets. Intermediate state created during a Spark job is now garbage collected when the corresponding RDDs become unreferenced, improving performance.
Spark now includes a Javadoc version of all its API docs and a unified Scaladoc for all modules.
A new SparkContext.wholeTextFiles method lets you operate on small text files as individual records.
Migrating to Spark 1.0
While most of the Spark API remains the same as in 0.x versions, a few changes have been made for long-term flexibility, especially in the Java API (to support Java 8 lambdas). The documentation includes migration information to upgrade your applications.
Contributors
The following developers contributed to this release:
Aaron Davidson – packaging and deployment improvements, several bug fixes, local[*] mode
Aaron Kimball – documentation improvements
Abhishek Kumar – Python configuration fixes
Ahir Reddy – PySpark build, fixes, and cancellation support
Allan Douglas R. de Oliveira – Improvements to spark-ec2 scripts
Andre Schumacher – Parquet support and optimizations
Andrew Ash – Mesos documentation and other doc improvements, bug fixes
Andrew Or – history server (lead), garbage collection (lead), spark-submit, PySpark and YARN improvements
Andrew Tulloch – MLlib contributions and code clean-up
Andy Konwinski – documentation fix
Anita Tailor – Cassandra example
Ankur Dave – GraphX (lead) optimizations, documentation, and usability
Archer Shao – bug fixes
Arun Ramakrishnan – improved random sampling
Baishuo – test improvements
Bernardo Gomez Palacio – spark-shell improvements and Mesos updates
Bharath Bhushan – bug fix
Bijay Bisht – bug fixes
Binh Nguyen – dependency fix
Bouke van der Bijl – fixes for PySpark on Mesos and other Mesos fixes
Bryn Keller – improvement to HBase support and unit tests
Chen Chao – documentation, bug fix, and code clean-up
Cheng Hao – performance and feature improvements in Spark SQL
Cheng Lian – column storage and other improvements in Spark SQL
Christian Lundgren – improvement to spark-ec2 scripts
DB Tsai – L-BGFS optimizer in MLlib, MLlib documentation and fixes
Dan McClary – Improvement to stats counter
Daniel Darabos – GraphX performance improvement
Davis Shepherd – bug fix
Diana Carroll – documentation and bug fix
Egor Pakhomov – local iterator for RDD's
Emtiaz Ahmed – bug fix
Erik Selin – bug fix
Ethan Jewett – documentation improvement
Evan Chan – automatic clean-up of application data
Evan Sparks – MLlib optimizations and doc improvement
Frank Dai – code clean-up in MLlib
Guoquiang Li – build improvements and several bug fixes
Ghidireac – bug fix
Haoyuan Li – Tachyon storage level for RDD's
Harvey Feng – spark-ec2 update
Henry Saputra – code clean-up
Henry Cook – Spark SQL improvements
Holden Karau – cross validation in MLlib, Python and core engine improvements
Ivan Wick – Mesos bug fix
Jey Kottalam – sbt build improvement
Jerry Shao – Spark metrics and Spark SQL improvements
Jiacheng Guo – bug fix
Jianghan – bug fix
Jianping J Wang – JBLAS support in MLlib
Joseph E. Gonzalez – GraphX improvements, fixes, and documentation
Josh Rosen – PySpark improvements and bug fixes
Jyotiska NK – documentation, test improvements, and bug fix
Kan Zhang – bug fixes in Spark core, SQL, and PySpark
Kay Ousterhout – bug fixes and code refactoring in scheduler
Kelvin Chu – automatic clean-up of application data
Kevin Mader – example fix
Koert Kuipers – code visibility fix
Kousuke Saruta – documentation and build fixes
Kyle Ellrott – improved memory usage for DISK_ONLY persistence
Larva Boy – approximate counts in Spark SQL
Madhu Siddalingaiah – ec2 fixes
Manish Amde – decision trees in MLlib
Marcelo Vanzin – improvements and fixes to YARN support, dependency clean-up
Mark Grover – build fixes
Mark Hamstra – build and dependency improvements, scheduler bug fixes
Margin Jaggi – MLlib documentation improvements
Matei Zaharia – Python versions of several MLlib algorithms, spark-submit improvements, bug fixes, and documentation improvements
Michael Armbrust – Spark SQL (lead), including schema support for RDD's, catalyst optimizer, and Hive support
Mridul Muralidharan – code visibility changes and bug fixes
Nan Zhu – bug and stability fixes, code clean-up, documentation, and new features
Neville Li – bug fix
Nick Lanham – Tachyon bundling in distribution script
Nirmal Reddy – code clean-up
OuYang Jin – local mode and json improvements
Patrick Wendell – release manager, build improvements, bug fixes, and code clean-up
Petko Nikolov – new utility functions
Prabeesh K – typo fix
Prabin Banka – new PySpark API's
Prashant Sharma – PySpark improvements, Java 8 lambda support, and build improvements
Punya Biswal – Java API improvements
Qiuzhuang Lian – bug fixes
Rahul Singhal – build improvements, bug fixes
Raymond Liu – YARN build fixes and UI improvements
Reynold Xin – bug fixes, internal changes, Spark SQL improvements, build fixes, and style improvements
Reza Zadeh – SVD implementation in MLlib and other MLlib contributions
Roman Pastukhov – clean-up of broadcast files
Rong Gu – Tachyon storage level for RDD's
Sandeep Sing – several bug fixes, MLLib improvements and fixes to Spark examples
Sandy Ryza – spark-submit script and several YARN improvements
Saurabh Rawat – Java API improvements
Sean Owen – several build improvements, code clean-up, and MLlib fixes
Semih Salihoglu – GraphX improvements
Shaocun Tian – bug fix in MLlib
Shivaram Venkataraman – bug fixes
Shixiong Zhu – code style and correctness fixes
Shiyun Wxm – typo fix
Stevo Slavic – bug fix
Sumedh Mungee – documentation fix
Sundeep Narravula – “cancel” button in Spark UI
Takayu Ueshin – bug fixes and improvements to Spark SQL
Tathagata Das – web UI and other improvements to Spark Streaming (lead), bug fixes, state clean-up, and release manager
Timothy Chen – Spark SQL improvements
Ted Malaska – improved Flume support
Tom Graves – Hadoop security integration (lead) and YARN support
Tianshuo Deng – Bug fix
Tor Myklebust – improvements to ALS
Wangfei – Spark SQL docs
Wang Tao – code clean-up
William Bendon – JSON support changes and bug fixes
Xiangrui Meng – several improvements to MLlib (lead)
Xuan Nguyen – build fix
Xusen Yin – MLlib contributions and bug fix
Ye Xianjin – test fixes
Yinan Li – addFile improvement
Yin Hua – Spark SQL improvements
Zheng Peng – bug fixes
Thanks to everyone who contributed!
Spark News Archive
The female guard pushed the woman out of the store, telling her "You guys cannot keep coming in here... They did not pass the law yet."
Supermarket Guard Arrested For Assaulting Trans Woman Trying To Use The Bathroom
We've said again and again that the only people facing harassment and violence in public restrooms are trans people, and sadly the headlines are bearing it out.
A security guard at a supermarket in Washington, DC, was charged with assault after he reportedly forced a trans woman out of the ladies restroom.
NBC Washington
Ebony Belcher, 32, said she went to the Giant in Northeast to pick up a Western Union delivery, and asked a clerk where the facilities were. A female guard overhearing the conversation, came into the restroom after Belcher and forced her to leave.
“She opened the door and came in and started calling me derogatory names,” Belcher told NBC 4, adding that the unnamed guard told her, “You guys cannot keep coming in here and using our women's restroom. They did not pass the law yet.”
The guard put her hand on Belcher's shoulder and arm, grabbed her and forcibly pushed her out of the grocery store. Belcher, who says she suffers from Parkinson's disease, reportedly almost fell during the altercation.
She contacted the DCPD afterward and the supermarket guard was arrested. Giant has refused to respond to inquiries, claiming “there's an ongoing criminal investigation.”
h/t: Holy Bullies And Headless Monsters
A specter is haunting the Guggenheim — the lingering spirit of a wave of protest and provocation, expressed through avant-garde art forms, that in recent decades dared to address and sometimes defy the heavy totalitarian hand that has ruled China since the triumph of its communist revolution and remains uniquely oppressive and invincible today.
Manifestations of that politically charged impulse, as it emerged in contemporary art from the last decade of the previous century through the first decade of the 21st, and the conditions that nurtured it, are the subjects of the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum's large, new exhibition, Art and China after 1989: Theater of the World, which its organizers have positioned primarily as a documentary survey of a particular kind of art produced during one recent period of Chinese cultural history.
In its catalogue, Alexandra Munroe, the Guggenheim's senior curator of Asian art and senior advisor for global arts, writes that the big show “presents a history of contemporary art from China and the rise of global art discourse” from 1989, the year the Berlin Wall came down, and the Cold War supposedly ended, through 2008, the year China hosted the Summer Olympic Games in Beijing.
That event “seemed to announce China's superpower status to its people and to the world,” Munroe observes. She adds, “No nation in modern history underwent such a total transformation as did China during these two decades, and few shifts have had global impact of this magnitude.” (Munroe organized the exhibition along with two guest co-curators: Philip Tinari, an American resident of China since 2001 who founded the bilingual magazine LEAP and is the director of the Ullens Center for Contemporary Art in Beijing, and the Chinese-born Hou Hanru, who is based in Rome, where he serves as artistic director of MAXXI, National Museum of 21st Century Arts.)
For China, it was a tumultuous era. In 1978, two years after People's Republic of China founder Mao Zedong died, Deng Xiaoping, who had outmaneuvered his Communist Party rivals to become the country's paramount leader, announced a bold plan for nationwide economic reform. Its goal: to modernize China at breakneck speed. Virtually overnight, the government ditched Mao's militant egalitarianism for “building socialism with Chinese characteristics.”
Suddenly, Mao's “Never forget class struggle!” was out; once-reviled “private property” was in. Beijing granted more authority to managers of state-owned companies and set out to blend a measure of unabashed — if disguised, through ideological doublespeak — capitalism with a centralized economy. As the longtime China-watcher Orville Schell wrote in 1984, Deng recognized that his policy had put “a capitalist fox into a socialist henhouse.” Of that hard-to-square ideological discrepancy, the wily politician quipped, “Black cat, white cat — it's a good cat if it catches mice.” It is in response to the whiplash-inducing political, social, and economic changes such developments fostered that the artists featured in Art and China after 1989 created many of the works on view.
The show starts by looking back to February 1989, when the exhibition China/Avant-Garde opened at the National Art Gallery in Beijing; a few months later, the government brutally crushed the burgeoning pro-democracy movement's demonstrations in that city's Tiananmen Square.
Munroe writes that China/Avant-Garde was “an unprecedented and rambunctious outpouring of experimental practices, including performance art, installation, and abstract ink painting,” in which artist Xiao Lu fired a gun at her own work, two life-size telephone booths; Wu Shanzhuan sold raw shrimp; Wang Guangyi showed painted portraits of Mao with superimposed grids; and, as the current show's catalogue recalls, Huang Yong Ping “offered a diagrammatic collage, ‘Towing Away the National Art Gallery,' showing instructions for tearing down the building and all its academic officialdom.”
Also in the catalogue, co-curator Tinari notes that the 1989 exhibition “proclaimed a moment” in Chinese art history “from which there could, and would, be no turning back.” Its symbol became a no-U-turn sign. In retrospect, some Chinese artists and activists regard Xiao Lu's gunfire as “the first shot” signaling what would become the pro-democracy movement. Its last shots were the government's, when it massacred hundreds of protesters in June 1989.
The current show focuses on conceptual art that developed in and emerged from China during the period under review. It was mostly such art forms, turning up in biennials and other high-profile, international festivals from the latter 1990s through 2008, that gave the broader cultural world a sense of what Chinese contemporary artists were up to during that time. Thus, the show is big on emphasizing the overseas-exhibition credentials of the artists represented, arguing that, largely through the presentation of such artworks in foreign settings, Chinese contemporary artists broke through and entered the discourse of “global contemporary art.”
In doing so, they gained the attention of Western cultural institutions and media, thereby validating or legitimizing their efforts in the eyes and annals of “global contemporary art,” which, Art and China after 1989 proposes, those same Western forces effectively control. From some vantage points, such acceptance into the “global” art club might seem like a somewhat dubious achievement; after all, “global contemporary art” may be seen as synonymous primarily with a certain, dominant sector of the international art market. Is there something to be said for standing apart?
Some of the current exhibition's more interesting works are the earliest among them: the self-taught artist Gu Dexin's “Plastic Pieces — 287” (1983-85), first shown in China/Avant-Garde, consisting of 287 pieces of burned, colored plastic, and evoking a tenuous sense of mortality and decay; Geng Jianyi's “Forms and Certificates” (1988), a conceptual-art practical joke, in which 32 artists, critics, and scholars, some of whom, Geng felt, had been taking themselves too seriously, filled in a mock application form to participate in an exhibition, a document that asked for their heights, favorite plants, and other goofy data; and, from 1990, Huang Rui's books by and about Mao, covered in black ink, which symbolically buried the remnants of once-dominant, ideologically strident Mao Zedong Thought.
Other artists also examined different aspects of a bewildering, shape-shifting zeitgeist and its discontents. In Zhang Peili's “Water: Standard Version from the ‘Cihai' Dictionary,” a 1991 video, the female news anchor Xing Zhibin of state-owned China Central Television reads a dictionary entry for “water” in the same dispassionate tone she would later use to read the government's report about the end of the pro-democracy movement — without a word about its violent crackdown. (To make this piece, Zhang paid a contact at CCTV to record Xing; she never knew the tape would become a work of art.) If Zhang Peili's video is all soulless detachment, “Young Zhang,” a 1992 oil-on-canvas portrait by Zhao Bandi of his friend, another man named Zhang, strives for naturalism in its depiction of a post-Tiananmen, ordinary guy. “[P]ainting on a straight canvas seemed too serious, so I tilted it,” Zhao later stated.
The exhibition takes its title from Huang Yong Ping's mixed-media “Theater of the World” (1993), a screen-enclosed, tortoise-shaped cage that normally contains crickets, scorpions, cockroaches, lizards, snakes and, other creepy-crawlers that simply devour each other. Due to protests about real or depicted cruelty to animals and what the Guggenheim described as “threats of violence in reaction to the incorporation of live animals” in this work, “Theater of the World” is being shown without them. Similarly, two videos have been withdrawn. One is Xu Bing's “A Case Study of Transference” (1994), in which two pigs are seen copulating; one is covered with Xu's made-up Chinese characters, the other with Roman letters, in a symbolic meeting/mating of East and West — get it? — or what a wall label refers to as Xu's “visceral critique of Chinese artists' desire for enlightenment for Western cultural transference.”
The other video is Sun Yuan and Peng Yu's “Dogs That Cannot Touch Each Other” (2003), in which pit bulls tied to treadmills, face to face and poised to attack, pant and growl desperately, but remain restrained. Concerns about cruelty to animals in such artworks is one thing, but so is their banality. Apparently, these artists never received the memo from modern art's central committee — the one pointing out that using animals as metaphors for any kind of struggle long ago became a tired, spent, exhausted cliché.
And then there is Ai Weiwei, the sometime political dissident and most internationally famous of any of the “global contemporary artists” to have emerged from China. There was a time when some of his actions were interesting, but more recently his antics have been marked by insufferable bombast and bloated ego, a lethal mix that found its apotheosis in a tasteless, staged photo in early 2016 on the Greek island of Lesbos, in which Ai assumed the same position as the body of a dead, Syrian refugee boy which had been found in Turkey months earlier, washed up on a beach. A shocking news photo of that three-year-old child's corpse was seen around the world, calling attention to the horrific effects of Syria's civil war. In his imitation of that indelible image, however, Ai looked more like a beached whale. Nevertheless, the refugee crisis appears to be Ai's issue of the moment, as evidenced by his new film, Human Flow.
In Art and China after 1989, there is a big stack of thousands of Ai's transcribed Twitter posts (are you listening, posterity?), photos of big Ai dropping and smashing to bits a Han Dynasty urn (supposedly a Duchamp-inspired gesture), and photos, lining one display area's walls like wallpaper, of the 1001 “ordinary Chinese citizens” the would-be provocateur paid to send, in a “temporary migration,” to view the Documenta art expo in Germany in 2007, along with the suitcases his studio designed for them. By turning them, literally, into wallpaper, Ai strips the participants in his costly — and maybe a little bit cynical? — caper of their humanity. In such trite spectacles — this one was titled “Fairytale” — the subject is always Ai.
By contrast, some of the most humanistic works here were made with very limited resources. They include “To Add One Meter to an Anonymous Mountain” (1995), an outdoor performance realized and captured on video by a group of artists from what was then known as Beijing's “East Village” district of young, poor art-makers who used their bodies as their raw material. In “To Add One Meter,” they lie on top of each other's nude bodies to create a human hill. In “Kan Xuan! Ai!” (1999), a one-minute video, a young, female artist, Kan Xuan, walks through a Beijing subway-station tunnel calling out her name like some kind of human-feral creature as if to declare — and claim — her existence in a city of unknown millions.
Xu Tan, a member of the Big Tail Elephant Working Group, which was active in Guangzhou in the 1990s, offers a kooky-eloquent critique of the whole disparity-producing, mammon-chasing, ideologically twisted, counter-counterrevolutionary orgy of newfangled “socialist” capitalism that erupted in China with the launch of Deng's reforms. In his installation, “Made in China” (1997-98), languid stuffed animals view mindless images of a dispiriting age in slide shows and on TV while surrounded by a sea of consumerist crap — bottles of cooking sauces, plastic toys and dolls, jigsaw puzzles, balloons, computer parts, a bathtub lined with silver fabric. In the midst of this inundation, a video monitor shows a man holding a microphone and begging as passersby dart around him. “I am sad,” he says. “I am blind. It is fortune in misfortune. […] I am okay to be a fallen soul.”
If Xu's blind beggar is some kind of metaphor for what the soul of Chinese society and culture has become, despite the nation's new superpower status, it's a potent one. Perhaps, not unsurprisingly, the exhibition ends with part of the last work Gu Dexin ever made before retiring from the art world in 2009. First shown in that year, evoking the 20th anniversary of the Tiananmen massacre, it is a group of white panels inscribed with large, red characters that declare:
We have killed people we have killed men we have killed women we have killed old people we have killed children we have eaten people we have eaten hearts we have eaten human brains we have beaten people we have beaten people blind we have beaten open people's faces
Making the long march up the Guggenheim's ramps, it becomes clear that a certain kind of art from China may have become more “global” than ever before, but as this complex exhibition demonstrates, for many of the artists who created it, as they wrestled with their homeland's turbulent recent history, they were unwilling — or perhaps unable — to easily give up its ghosts.
Art and China after 1989: Theater of the World continues at the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum (1071 Fifth Avenue, Upper East Side, Manhattan) through January 7, 2018.
Weird For The Sake of Weird by Carlton Mellick III
I was asked this question last night by a young writer named Miles, so I decided to blog about it today.
The question was:
How do you guys or the publisher discern what is bizarro and what is weird for weirds sake?
This was my answer:
Well, in a way, all bizarro is weird for the sake of weird. Just as horror is scary for the sake of scary. But weird can have different meanings for different people. Sometimes weird means interesting, sometimes weird means nonsensical, sometimes weird means funny. Bizarro isn't all definitions of weird.
If it is weird for the sake of being interesting or weird for the sake of being funny, then that is bizarro.
If it is weird for the sake of being random or weird for the sake of being nonsensical, then it is not bizarro.
Really, though, the term “weird for the sake of weird” is just bizarro when it is weird but boring. When writing bizarro you want it to be so weird it is interesting, not so weird it is boring. Usually, the way you make it interesting-weird instead of boring-weird is through good storytelling. A good storyteller can make anything worth reading no matter how weird it is. A bad writer can make anything boring no matter how weird it is. However, what is good writing and what is bad writing, what is interesting and what is boring…these are all opinions and can vary from person to person. One person's bizarro might be another person's “weird for the sake of weird.”
Another thing I want to mention is that there are certain people out there who think all weirdness in fiction has to be a metaphor, or have a deep hidden meaning, otherwise it is “weird for the sake of weird.” These people, I have to say, are complete douche bags. Never listen to them. While creating a metaphor through weirdness can be interesting, it can also be very very lame if handled incorrectly. A story about woman who gives birth to a marshmallow could be interesting on its own. It raises questions: how would the mother take care of a marshmallow baby? Would the family dog try to eat it? What would its childhood be like? What could it be when it grows up? These could be interesting avenues to explore. However, this story could just be a metaphor for the fragility of youth…which would, more likely than not, just come off as really really lame.
So, my advice is: never force meaning upon your weirdness. Just focus on telling an interesting story. More often than not, the meaning will slip in naturally. It should be so subtle that a reader wouldn't even notice it until their third or fourth read through. If it's too heavy-handed it will make people groan. Don't make people groan.
Speaking out for the first time in an open letter, University of Virginia associate dean of students Nicole Eramo publicly blasts Rolling Stone for what she calls "false and grossly misleading" statements regarding her involvement in rape allegations on campus. The Post's T. Rees Shapiro explains what's in the letter. (Alice Li/The Washington Post)
University of Virginia associate dean of students Nicole Eramo on Wednesday publicly denounced a retracted Rolling Stone article that she says falsely portrayed her role in counseling a student who alleged that she was the victim of a fraternity gang-rape on campus.
In a letter to Rolling Stone publisher Jann Wenner, obtained by The Washington Post on Wednesday morning, Eramo assails the article's “false and grossly misleading” account about how U-Va. handled allegations of rape on campus. Eramo, who works with student survivors of sexual assault, had been characterized as callous and indifferent to what Rolling Stone described as a brutal campus rape, and other sexual assault cases.
“Using me as the personification of a heartless administration, the Rolling Stone article attacked my life's work,” Eramo wrote in the letter, her first public remarks about the article since its online publication in November. Noting that the article has since been discredited and retracted, Eramo wrote that her name will now “remain forever linked to an article that has damaged my reputation and falsely portrayed the work to which I have dedicated my life.”
A spokesperson for Rolling Stone did not immediately return a request for comment Wednesday morning. Eramo wrote that she met with lawyer for Rolling Stone in February to discuss the magazine's story.
[Rolling Stone retracts discredited U-Va. rape story.]
The Washington Post reported in December that there were numerous discrepancies in the magazine account, and police later confirmed that they could not substantiate major claims in the story. Earlier this month, a report by the Columbia University journalism school concluded that the magazine account by Sabrina Rubin Erdely, titled “A Rape on Campus,” was deeply flawed. In response to the Columbia report, Rolling Stone apologized, retracted the story and posted the Columbia report in its place.
[U-Va. students challenge Rolling Stone account of alleged sexual assault.]
Read Eramo's letter:
Eramo has retained legal counsel with the firm Clare Locke, a boutique practice based in Alexandria, Va., that specializes in defamation cases.
In her letter, Eramo describes receiving death and rape threats after the Rolling Stone article caused a sensation on campus and around the country. The story detailed the administration's alleged inaction to a student's claims that she was viciously assaulted in 2012 at a fraternity house by seven men while two others watched. The article alleged that U-Va. officials did nothing to warn campus after learning of the assault.
A months-long investigation by the Charlottesville police into the allegations by the U-Va. junior at the center of the story, identified by the magazine only as Jackie, found that detectives were “not able to conclude to any substantive degree that an incident occurred at the Phi Kappa Psi fraternity house or any other fraternity house for that matter.”
Eramo writes in her letter that Erdely and Rolling Stone failed to capture the administration's work to prevent sexual assaults on campus and instead chose to publish a sensational story.
“Ms. Erdely squandered an opportunity to have a more nuanced and accurate conversation about this issue because she was busy filling in her preconceived narrative and ultimately setting back the cause of advocacy and support in ways that we are still only beginning to understand here in Charlottesville and across the country,” Eramo wrote. “Inflamed by the false portrayal in the article, protestors showed up at my office, demanding I be fired. Perhaps most egregious and shocking were the e-mails that I received expressing hope that I be killed or raped, and commenting that they hoped that I had a daughter so that she could be raped.”
[U-Va. associate dean defends policy allowing ‘informal' resolution of sexual assault complaints.]
WUVA online, a student-run media outlet, interviewed Nicole Eramo, an associate Dean of Students who heads the university's Sexual Misconduct Board. According to WUVA, the interview took place before a Rolling Stone story about an alleged gang rape at a fraternity at the University of Virginia. WUVA published the interview on Saturday. (WUVA INC.)
Eramo notes in her letter that the article described the administration as callous to Jackie's claims. But the Charlottesville police investigation showed that Eramo moved swiftly after first meeting Jackie to arrange for her to speak to police detectives about her rape allegations. Charlottesville police chief Timothy J. Longo told reporters in March that Jackie has refused to cooperate with investigators, both before and after the Rolling Stone article published.
Lambasting the magazine's journalism practices, Eramo wrote that “Jackie's story of being victimized by a brutal gang rape at the hands of a UVA fraternity was simply too enticing not to publish — and UVA, its administration, and its students were too easily painted as callous villains for Rolling Stone to be burdened by the facts.”
In February, Eramo met with lawyers representing Rolling Stone to discuss the allegations in the article. But Eramo writes that she walked away from the meeting deeply disappointed.
“Adding insult to injury, your attorneys said that the article's portrayal of me — which cast me as an unsympathetic and manipulative false friend to sexual assault victims who are more interested in keeping assault statistics down than providing meaningful guidance to victims or holding perpetrators of sexual assault accountable — was ‘fair,'” Eramo wrote. “Rolling Stone has refused to hold anyone accountable, and the so-called apology came only after the Columbia Journalism Review issued its report criticizing the magazine's reporting, which suggests that the magazine is more interested in currying favor with its friends in the media than truly making amends with those of us who have been hurt. These steps are not good enough. The University of Virginia — and those of us who work for the University supporting victims of sexual assault — deserve better.”
U.S. Rep. Steve King gave his seat to the "lives of more than 55 million aborted babies" at the president's final State of the Union Address in defiance of Obama's push for stricter gun laws.
U.S. Rep. Steve King gave his seat to the "lives of more than 55 million aborted babies" at the president's final State of the Union Address in defiance of Obama's push for stricter gun laws.
MSNBC / YouTube
All of the leading Republican presidential candidates have taken a hardline stance against stricter gun laws. They've also taken a stand on eroding reproductive rights.
It came as little surprise to political observers that after the White House announced Michelle Obama would set aside a chair in her guest box at the president's final State of the Union address in memory of “victims of gun violence who no longer have a voice,” many prominent Republicans used it as an opportunity to talk about their opposition to abortion rights.
Presidential hopeful Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX) had this to say:
If I'm elected POTUS, there'll be an empty seat for the over 50 million unborn children killed since Roe #Stand4Lifehttps://t.co/BgBy8yYKYd Get the facts, direct to your inbox. Subscribe to our daily or weekly digest. SUBSCRIBE — Ted Cruz (@tedcruz) January 8, 2016
The issue escalated on Tuesday, when U.S. Rep. Steve King (R-IA), a prominent anti-choice legislator and Cruz backer, responded to Obama's gesture by setting aside his own chair for the “lives of more than 55 million aborted babies.”
In lieu of attending the State of the Union speech, King said he would be in the members' chapel “praying for God to raise up a leader whom he will use to restore the Soul of America.”
Send me your #ProLifePrayers. I will offer each of them in the Members chapel during #LastSOTU. — Steve King (@SteveKingIA) January 12, 2016
King denounced Obama's policies on reproductive rights and joined the chorus of Republican voices who mocked Obama for shedding tears at his speech last week announcing executive actions to expand background checks on gun purchases.
“President Obama's first official act, immediately upon his inauguration was to sign an executive order to accelerate abortions world-wide,” King said in a statement, referring to Obama's reversal of a Bush-era policy that banned the United States from funding international family planning providers that offered abortions or abortion counseling. “The first tears we have seen him shed in seven years were for the victims of the tragic Sandy Hook School shooting. As far as we know, Obama has never shed a single tear for even one of the more than 9 million babies aborted under his watch.”
In light of King's voting record on gun policies, this kind of comparison comes off as hypocritical, as advocates have argued in recent years.
He supported an amendment that would prohibit federal funds from being used to strengthen or enforce gun restrictions in Washington, D.C.; he voted yes to a 2011 bill that would have required states to recognize permits issued by another state authorizing the concealed carry of a firearm; and he voted yes to 2003's Protection of Lawful Commerce in Arms Act, which keeps gun manufacturers free from liability when crimes are committed with their products.
Other attempts to reform gun laws, such as those requiring waiting periods for gun purchases, have little hope of passing in states with GOP-controlled legislatures, where women often face forced waiting periods before having an abortion. In Missouri, where state Rep. Stacey Newman (D-St. Louis) has proposed one such bill, toddlers had shot more people than in any other state in 2015. In 31 of the 43 nationwide shootings by toddlers, the toddler found a gun and accidentally shot him or herself, according to a Washington Post investigation.
Many Republicans jumped at the chance to criticize the president when he was overcome with emotion while talking about the first-grade victims of the Sandy Hook massacre. GOP lawmakers are now trying to use it as leverage in the abortion debate. As clinic violence escalates, many Republicans have remained quiet or have condemned the violence without recognizing the anti-choice rhetoric that advocates believe has fueled the attacks.
Some prominent anti-choice activists and politicians used the deadly shooting at a Colorado Springs clinic as an opportunity to equate abortion and gun violence. Just hours after the shooting, anti-choice group Personhood USA released a statement that included equivocal condemnation of violence.
“Personhood USA absolutely opposes all abortion-related violence, against born and unborn people,” Personhood USA's Jennifer Mason said in the statement. “That said, the media is failing to report that innocent babies are killed in that very building every day that they are in business. Please join me in praying that the people inside, along with the babies in their mothers' wombs, are released safely.”
Former Arkansas governor and GOP presidential candidate Mike Huckabee after the Colorado Springs shooting compared the killings to what he believes happens inside the Planned Parenthood facility.
“There's no excuse for killing other people, whether it's happening inside the Planned Parenthood headquarters, inside their clinics where many millions of babies die, or whether it's people attacking Planned Parenthood,” Huckabee said on CNN's State of the Union.
Actor and reproductive rights activist Martha Plimpton explored that hypocrisy of anti-choice legislators who oppose gun regulations in an October 2015 op-ed in the Guardian.
“For the personhood of embryos, they draft legislation. For the safety of living, playing, laughing children, they do nothing,” Plimpton wrote. “The potential dreams of a not-yet-sentient organism are paramount – not because it is a human life, as demonstrated by their lack of commitment to actual living humans, but because it is inside of a woman.”
Image caption Neville Presho fell in love with Tory
The story of how a 150-year old house on an island off the Irish coast simply vanished has become the subject of international fascination, as the owner turned to the courts to find out what had happened to his Tory Island retreat.
He lost everything in the wake of the house's destruction.
Neville Presho, a successful engineer, fell in love with Tory Island when he first visited in the 1970s.
He quit his career and raised money to make a documentary about life on the island, which is off the coast of Donegal.
"Older islanders say that my film, An Oileán or Island, was the best film that was ever made on Tory," said Neville.
"It was just the people going about their fishing, harvesting the crops, digging up potatoes - just general island life and especially people building boats and launching them."
On the shore of Tory Island stood a 150-year old stone house. Thick-walled, whitewashed and south-facing, it seemed to Neville the ideal place to make his own footprint on the island he loved.
He made inquiries and bought the property for 3,000 Irish punts in 1982.
Image caption The dream island house that just "vanished"
"It was basic," he said. "I mean, a lot of the panelling was made out of old tea chests covered in paper, but it served its purpose. It wasn't there for an Ideal Homes award, you know?"
While he made visits to the island and brought friends to stay at his new house, his career as a documentary and drama filmmaker was beginning to soar. Eventually he emigrated from County Down to New Zealand and set up home there with his wife and children.
In 1993, Neville's Irish solicitor contacted him in New Zealand, to say there was interest from a buyer for his Tory Island house.
After discussing it with his wife, Neville decided it was unlikely they would be returning to Ireland and replied that he would accept an offer of 7,000 Irish punts. When the offer was made, it was for just 1,000 punts. The solicitor advised Neville to reject it and he did so.
A month later, the house burned down.
But Neville did not find out about the arson attack on the house until the following year. He was surprised to receive a letter from Donegal County Council in April 1994.
"I received a letter saying my house was in a dangerous condition, that storm damage had taken its toll and what was I going to do about it?" he said.
"This sort of struck me as quite strange, because the house had three-foot-thick walls and it was well-built, it was well-maintained. So I said we'd better go back."
He and his family returned to Tory in July 1994. With its location at the pier, the house should have been visible from the ferry as they approached.
"I scanned and scanned but I couldn't see the house. What I did notice was behind where my house was, was another big building which I discovered was a hotel. So my house had disappeared."
Where Neville's house had stood, was now the hotel's car park, fenced off with large boulders. A septic tank for the hotel was also being installed on the land. But there was no sign of Neville's house.
The shock, coupled with the difficulty of trying to find out what had happened, had terrible consequences for Neville. On his return to New Zealand, no longer able to work as a filmmaker, he suffered a mental breakdown.
His tale seemed so incredible - that he had once been a renowned filmmaker, whose house had disappeared - the doctor in the psychiatric hospital noted it as evidence that Neville was delusional.
Neville returned to County Down and continued to visit Tory Island.
On one visit, during the crossing to the island, he began talking to another man standing on the prow of the ferry. That man was Anton McCabe, a Tyrone journalist who had been a regular visitor to Tory at the turn of the 21st century.
"When I was out on Tory, people on the island told me about the story," said Anton.
Image caption Anton McCabe put Neville Presho in touch with a solicitor
"But I thought it was just one of those things that you hear, how could you ever do anything about it? And then, by pure chance, I bumped into Neville going over to Tory on the boat."
That was on Easter Saturday in 2004. Anton put Neville in touch with a sympathetic solicitor and it took five years for the case against developer and hotelier Patrick Doohan to be resolved in the High Court in Letterkenny. In 2009 Neville was awarded 46,000 euros.
"At least he got a justification," said Anton.
"He got proof that he wasn't somebody that was rambling or delusional. The islanders were very annoyed about what was done to a visitor to their island, to somebody that was a friend to their island."
Over the years since he discovered the house had vanished, Neville suffered poor mental and physical health. His career ended and his marriage broke up.
He returned to live with his elderly parents and still struggles with day-to-day life. But his feelings for the island and its people whom he loved have not changed.
"The island is lovely. What happened on the island with the house is very sad and it has caused lots of problems for me," he said.
"But at the end of the day, you just have to forgive everybody, because you can't hang on to everything."
Macau's lucky streak appears finally over. Casinos in the former Portuguese colony—now the biggest gambling center on the planet—brought in 4% less revenue in July, compared with the same month last year. This was the second consecutive month of declining revenue.
​
Its casino stocks are suffering too:
​
What's behind the meltdown? Conventional wisdom offers three explanations: the distraction of the World Cup, Chinese president Xi Jinping's crackdown on corruption crackdown (paywall), and government tightening of capital outflows (paywall).
But there's another factor likely at play: real estate. While high-rolling Chinese “VIP room” customers—usually wealthy businessmen—sometimes gamble on credit, it's also common for them use property as collateral, says research firm JL Warren Capital in a recent note.
Or at least, they used to. After peaking in late 2013, China's housing market has been crumbling at an accelerating pace. Home prices in July fell in 64 of the 70 cities the Chinese government tracks (compared with the previous month), the most since January 2011. In Beijing, prices fell 1%, the first monthly decline since Apr. 2012.
​​
This is making it harder to use property as collateral when paying gambling debts, says JL Warren. And even when indebted gamblers do find buyers for the property, the reluctance of banks to grant mortgages these days is delaying final sales. As a result, it's taking twice as long—now at least six months—to pay back debts. It's this lack of easy cash that is making wealthy Chinese VIPs more conservative at Macau's VIP baccarat tables.
Xi's crackdown on corrupt government officials has certainly affected their gambling. Some officials have turned to betting on baccarat tables by phone (link in Chinese) rather than make trips to the casinos, reports Caixin, but the practice isn't common.
Macau's casino revenue depends more heavily on the gambling habits of businesspeople. Starting five or so years ago, real estate developers and investment firm managers replaced Chinese government officials as the dominant high rollers, casino and junket operators told Caixin.
Lawyer on president-elect's transition team says leaving UNFCCC is ‘most practical way' way to quit agreement, a process that normally takes four years
The US should completely quit the United Nations forum to tackle climate change in order to quickly exit the Paris climate agreement, according to a conservative lawyer who is part of Donald Trump's transition team.
Abandoning the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) would allow the US to back out of the international climate effort within a year, far sooner than the four-year period that would be required to ditch the Paris accord, which came into force in November. Such a move would probably prove a severe blow to global efforts to avoid dangerous warming.
Steven Groves, a lawyer at the conservative Heritage Foundation, said exiting the UNFCCC would be the “most practical” way for the US to drop its climate change commitments. Groves is part of the state department transition team for the president-elect, who has promised to “cancel” the Paris deal.
“There's a practical reason for canceling the UNFCCC in that it would provide the shortest timeframe,” Groves, who said he was speaking on the Heritage Foundation's position on the issue as he was not authorised to speak on behalf of the Trump transition team, told the Guardian.
“If we only withdrew from the Paris agreement, that's still three or four years. We've declined to join other international agreements and there were dire threats of the end of US influence in the world and that hasn't come to pass. It's not as if Nato would disband if we did that.”
Although Trump recently said he has an “open mind” about the Paris agreement, he has consistently threatened to exit the deal. Reince Priebus, Trump's incoming chief of staff, told Fox News Sunday that Trump's position on the climate accord remains that “most of it is a bunch of bunk”.
Trump, who has himself called global warming a hoax, has appointed a number of people who reject the overwhelming scientific position on climate change to his transition team.
Myron Ebell, who has said climate science is “phony”, is heading the transition team for the Environmental Protection Agency, while Groves, albeit in a less influential position, has used Twitter to assail “climate change alarmists” and Hillary Clinton for “shilling for the orthodox climate change ‘consensus'”.
Meanwhile, Bob Walker, a Trump campaign adviser who is not part of the transition process, has advocated eliminating climate research at Nasa and claimed that scientists are deeply divided on the cause of warming.
Trump to scrap Nasa climate research in crackdown on ‘politicized science' Read more
In fact, the vast majority of peer-reviewed science, along with all of the world's major scientific bodies including Nasa and the Royal Society, agree that the world is warming and that human activity is the primary cause. Nine of the 10 warmest years on record have occurred since 2000, with 2016 set to be the warmest yet. Separate lines of evidence, such as rising sea levels, shrinking glaciers and the shifting range of species, all point to a rapidly changing climate.
President George HW Bush, with ratification from the Senate, committed the US to the UNFCCC in 1992 following the Earth summit in Rio. Following two decades of often fraught negotiations, 196 nations agreed in Paris last year to cut emissions in a bid to avoid a temperature rise of 2C globally.
Trump's election has raised concerns that the US, the world's second largest emitter, could exit the process and discourage other nations during a period when emissions must be radically reduced to avoid disastrous heatwaves, sea level rise and the mass displacement of people.
The new president could choose to simply ignore the Paris agreement but Groves said the US should quit the entire framework to undo what he said was Barack Obama's improper signing of the deal. Obama did not ask the Republican-controlled Senate to ratify the Paris agreement, which has a binding goal but leaves emissions reduction targets and methods to individual nations.
“The current administration wouldn't submit it to the Senate, where it would've gone up in flames,” Groves said. “It's being a little too clever with the constitution and the treaty-making power. There is a balance between Congress and the executive on this issue and the Paris agreement has thrown that balance off for raw political reasons.
“Just because you're the president, you don't become a dictator. President Obama was betting that another president, such as Hillary Clinton, wouldn't withdraw the agreement. He made a political calculation and we'll soon find out if that was right or not.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Barack Obama and the UN secretary general, Ban Ki-moon, shake hands during a joint ratification of the Paris climate deal in September. Photograph: How Hwee Young/AP
Other legal experts have maintained that Obama was well within his powers to put the US's name to the Paris deal, given that it is largely unenforceable. John Kerry, the secretary of state, successfully pushed for key parts of the text to use the word “should” rather than “shall” in order to negate the need for Senate approval.
David Wirth, of the Boston College law school and formerly of the state department, said that previous Senate approval of the UNFCC, along with the language of the Paris deal, meant there was no executive overreach.
“There's no question that it's constitutional,” Wirth said. “The state department was extremely precise in making sure of that. If anything, they were extra cautious. These are aspirational provisions and the president has the authority to review an existing situation, that's self-evident. The legal authority is already there.
“Withdrawing from the UNFCC would leave the US without a seat at the table, having withdrawn from a set of requirements that are procedural rather than onerous. That would be political grandstanding and contrary to the national interest. There would be opprobrium and criticism from the rest of the world, for no apparent benefit.”
Scientists have warned that renewed efforts are required to avoid breaching the 2C threshold, with the current Paris commitments still leaving the world on course for a temperature increase of 3C or more.
Adam Sobel, a climate scientist at Columbia University, said Groves had presented “a misleading and inaccurate portrayal of both the science and economics of climate mitigation, greatly understating both the risks of human-induced climate change and the benefits of the Paris agreement while overstating the costs.
“It is transparently a piece of advocacy on behalf of the short-term interests of fossil fuel companies, against the broader interests of both the US and the rest of the world.
“The majority of the American people support US participation in the Paris agreement. If the US withdraws from the UN convention and the Paris agreement, history will judge us harshly.”
The US's status in international climate talks will be heavily influenced by Trump's choice for secretary of state. Former presidential nominee Mitt Romney, ex-New York mayor Rudy Giuliani and former CIA chief David Petraeus have all been linked to the role.
There has also been speculation that Rex Tillerson, chief executive of oil giant Exxon, is being considered by Trump for the position, a prospect that has horrified environmental groups due to the company's history of concealing the full impact of climate change.
“If the goal is to drain the swamp in DC, Tillerson might not be your man; Exxon's business plan continues to require raising the level of the ocean to the point where Foggy Bottom will be well underwater,” said Bill McKibben, co-founder of climate group 350.org.
“But this is certainly a good way to make clear exactly who'll be running the government in a Trump administration - just cut out the middleman and hand it directly to the fossil fuel industry.”
Here's a question posed to Arsene Wenger in Thursday's pre-Everton press conference by a bloke looking to write a transfer story because it gets hits for his website and is a good headline in the newspaper:
“Talking of young players you've been strongly linked with Wilfried Zaha, he's an England international now, is there interest there?”
Arsene Wenger, refusing to name check the young Crystal Palace attacker, responds:
“We are looking at every player that could strengthen our squad, but he's not more on the list than anybody else.”
A selection of the myriad headlines which appeared in the ensuing 48 hours…
Daily Mail: Get Zaha! Wenger confirms Arsenal interest in signing £20m-rated Crystal Palace and England winger in January
Goal.com: Wenger confirms Arsenal interest in Zaha
Daily Mirror: He's on the list: Wenger confirms Arsenal will move for Zaha in January
London24: Zaha is on Wenger's shopping list
Clubcall.com: Gunners battle for Zaha
______________
Ian Holloway, who presumably doesn't have an Arsenal Player membership, gets fed a radically twisted version of Wenger's comments in his press conference on Friday and retorts:
“Why is he talking about my players? I don't think that's right and proper, with the greatest respect.
“I don't think anybody who manages any other club should actually admit who he likes and what he should be doing. I think that's totally bad etiquette. He can say what he likes but about his players, not mine.”
Selection of headlines which have appeared in the last 24 hours…
Daily Mail: EXCLUSIVE: Why is Wenger talking about Zaha? Palace boss Holloway with fierce ‘hands off' warning
The Sun: Holloway Rages at Wenger / Ollie's not so jolly
Goal.com: Wenger's confirmation of Zaha interest angers Crystal Palace boss Holloway
Sky Sports: Crystal Palace boss Ian Holloway annoyed with Arsene Wenger over talk of Arsenal move for Wilfried Zaha
Teamtalk.com: Holloway annoyed with Wenger
___________
Arseblog News isn't going to criticise Holloway, the bloke has merely been used as a pawn in a game of ‘let's-write-the-most-extreme-attention-grabbing-headline-ever-fuck-the-consequences-it'll-be-fun-to-start-a-war.'
We don't really need to point out where the blame lies, although we do feel it's worth highlighting the above as a warning ahead of the impending two-month silly season period. Do yourself a favour don't believe everything you read.
Are we interested in Zaha? Who knows…frankly Arseblog News couldn't give a flying fuck at the moment.
A POWER station to be built on top of Town Hall to reduce the building's greenhouse emissions could increase dangerous pollutants, a secret feasibility study has revealed.
The leaked confidential ­report by consultants AECOM outlined five possible designs for a trigeneration power plant using renewable gas-fired ­engines to generate electricity and supply hot and chilled water to Town Hall and the adjoining Town Hall House.
The scheme, costing up to $22 million, will decrease the City of Sydney's reliance on coal-fired electricity and ­reduce the council's carbon emissions, which equal 1500 cars driving for a year.
But air modelling carried out by AECOM on three of the options found they all ­increased the concentration of airborne nitrogen dioxide, carbon dioxide, sulphur dioxide and particulates present around Town Hall's precinct.
Nitrogen dioxide can ­increase the likelihood of ­respiratory problems, inflame the lungs and reduce immunity to lung infections.
The design selected by the City of Sydney, a two-stage ­option labelled 5a and 5b, would increase pollution levels, but would fall within NSW Environmental Protection Authority guidelines.
The AECOM report states: “All maximum one-hour pollutant concentrations were predicted to be higher for ­design Option 5.”
media_camera Sydney's Town Hall is a popular tourist destination during Christmas
The council has issued a tender to build and maintain the plant, weighing up to 251 tonnes and including two 650kw gas turbines, on Town Hall's roof. Construction is due to begin in February.
Dr John Collier, principal of St Andrew's School, which has children aged from kindergarten to Year 12, said he was not aware of the plans when contacted. “I will have my people look at it,” he said.
The AECOM report said the “air quality impacts” from the project could be mitigated by using selective catalytic ­reduction, a method that converts nitrogen dioxide into safer substances.
City of Sydney's expression of interest documents demand that the plant comply with EPA standards.
“Trigeneration is a well-­established technology already operating in many properties across Sydney,” a spokesman said, adding Qantas, Google, 1 Blight St, Stockland's headquarters at 133 Castlereagh St, Origin Energy's headquarters at 20 Bond St, the Rooty Hill RSL and other local governments all use trigeneration.
Waverley Council is investigating the installation of the system at Bondi Junction.
Despite the assurances, there are still concerns about the health impact of raised pollution from the Town Hall plant, which the council plans to have operating in 2016.
Councillor Edward Mandla refused to comment on any of the AECOM report's details, citing its confidential status. But he is among those who have demanded council CEO Monica Barone release the document so the potential risks can be made public.
A review is under way that could lead to parts of it being published.
“We're right next door to a school, and during business hours we are proposing to ­release nitrogen dioxide, carbon monoxide and sulphur ­dioxide at levels that may ­exceed EPA requirements,” Cr Mandla said.
He added that “to suggest that is nobody's business but our own is bizarre”.
The Lions couldn't hold off the Seattle Seahawks at Century Link Field in the wild card round. Seattle dominated time of possession, and running back Thomas Rawls ran all over the Lions en route to a 26-6 victory.
With the win over Detroit, the Seahawks advance to the Divisional Round of the playoffs. Seattle will travel to Atlanta and take on the Falcons next Saturday.
Earlier on Saturday, the Houston Texans beat the Oakland Raiders to move on to the divisional round. The Raiders were excellent this season up until quarterback Derek Carr went down with a broken fibula in Week 16, but with backup Matt McGloin also sidelined by injury, Oakland had to rely on third string rookie Connor Cook.
Cook, making his first NFL start ever in the wild card round, was stymied by Houston's dominant defense. He was sacked three times and threw three interceptions. The Raiders, after appearing poised to make a Super Bowl run prior to Carr's injury, have been eliminated from playoff contention, and the Texans will face either the New England Patriots or the Kansas City Chiefs, depending on how Sunday's AFC wild card matchup goes.
On Sunday, the Steelers will face off against the Miami Dolphins in Pittsburgh. The Dolphins will be without quarterback Ryan Tannehill, who is recovering from a knee injury. Backup Matt Moore will get the start again. The last time the Steelers faced the Dolphins, Miami got the best of them, winning 30-15.
The Green Bay Packers will welcome the New York Giants to Lambeau Field on Sunday to further shape the NFC postseason slate and determine who will face the Dallas Cowboys in the Divisional Round.
The Patriots and Cowboys will face the lowest remaining seeds, which means that the winner of the Packers' matchup with the Giants will head to Dallas. The Falcons will face the Seahawks, and the Chiefs will play the highest remaining AFC seed in the Divisional Round.
Wild Card Round
Saturday, Jan. 7
GAME 1: Houston Texans 27, Oakland Raiders 14
GAME 2: Seattle Seahawks 26, Detroit Lions 6
Sunday, Jan. 8
GAME 3: Pittsburgh Steelers vs. Miami Dolphins, 1:05 p.m., CBS
GAME 4: Green Bay Packers vs. New York Giants, 4:40 p.m., FOX
Divisional Round
Saturday, Jan. 14
GAME 5: Atlanta Falcons vs. Seattle Seahawks, 4:35 p.m., FOX
GAME 6: New England Patriots vs. Houston/Miami, 8:15 p.m., CBS
Sunday, Jan. 15
GAME 7: Kansas City Chiefs vs. Pittsburgh/Houston, 1:05 p.m., NBC
GAME 8: Dallas Cowboys vs. Green Bay/New York, 4:40 p.m., FOX
Championship Round
Sunday, Jan. 22
NFC Championship, 3:05 p.m., FOX
AFC Championship, 6:40 p.m., CBS
Super Bowl 51
Sunday, Feb. 5
AFC champion vs. NFC champion, 6:30 p.m., FOX
It was a fluke victory in an antique Electoral College system that allowed a vulgar strain of lowbrow populism to prevail in the American presidential election two weeks ago, and not the popular vote that vomited up Donald Trump as the 45th president of the United States of America. The deep cultural dysfunction that produced Trumpism wasn't conjured from the ether overnight by the waving of some evil wizard's wand.
That is just one useful thing for Canadians to bear in mind as we're all being summoned to the ritual divinations, the readings of entrails, the casting of lots and the gazing at crystals involved in the suddenly obsessive national preoccupation with the question: Could it happen here?
Not to downplay the significance of the dreadful Nov. 8 poll results, but the question itself could use some questioning. What is “it,” anyway?
If “it” means the successful populist mobilization of redneck grievances to serve national political agendas built around genuine questions of alienation, we've already been there, already done that. It was called the Reform party, and despite the sleepless efforts of the Western Canada movement's archdruid, Preston Manning, its early goings were enlivened by Trump activism, Canadian style: retrograde anti-bilingualism yobs, immigrant-loathing yahoos and even a handful of white-supremacist Heritage Front goons who had to be unceremoniously evicted from the party.
Whatever might be said of the Reform party's accomplishments, its legacy included the destruction of the Progressive Conservative party and the guaranteed election of the Liberal party for three full terms. After the folding of the party's successor coalition into the old Progressive Conservatives and Stephen Harper's 10-year Conservative interregnum, it is taken for granted that these days, Conservative leadership hopefuls Kellie Leitch and Steven Blaney notwithstanding, the Canadian political milieu is almost utopian – if you set it against the howling pandemonium that is now amassing in force towards the precincts around the White House.
But one should wonder about the good sense in proceeding from the premise that the dreamy Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is just so amazingly different from the outlandishly vulgar, orange-headed reality television pervert who now slouches towards the Oval Office.
Related
We should all be able to admit, straight off, that unlike the task of establishing the precise category of vileness that would make some sense of Trump, situating the politics of Trudeau will not require too close a reading of Umberto Eco's 1995 essay, Ur-Fascism, a standard diagnostic reference for blood-vengeance populist authoritarianism. Eco's checklist, in too-succinct form: a rejection of modernity; action for its own sake, without reflection; disagreement is treasonous; fear of difference and of the different; appeals to a frustrated, humiliated and fearful middle class; an obsession with conspiracies and plots; xenophobia; a paradoxical notion of the enemy as both weak and strong, a trafficker with the enemy; a contempt for the genuinely weak; the cult of the hero and the cult of death; machismo; disdain for women and gay people; a mythical vox populi; a degenerated, impoverished vocabulary.
You can judge for yourself how well that fits the form, content and style of Trumpism. If you like, you might even discern some of Eco's elements among Trumpism's most shrill-voiced “liberal” adversaries. Decide for yourself whether NDP leader Tom Mulcair was really all that far out of bounds when he noticed out loud that there is something distinctly fascist going on in the United States right now. But before we get too snobbish about what fresh hell Americans have made of their country in comparison to what we've done with our own, and before we wring our hands too earnestly about whether “it” could happen here effectively enough to take root, there are some already-existing parallels worth taking into account.
Trump led what was as much a revolt against his own Republican party as a campaign against Hillary Clinton's Democrats. Like Trump, Trudeau mobilized a devoted new activist base against his own party's grandees. Like Trump, Trudeau was largely a function of celebrity culture. Like Trump, Trudeau was and remains a brand. Name recognition alone put both of them miles ahead of their competitors in the party leadership races. Like Trump, Trudeau benefitted enormously from free media coverage.
Like Trump's crowd recruitments, going into last October's election, at least 70 per cent of the Liberal party's membership was made up of Trudeau's own recruits. Like Trump's campaign, there was nothing “normal” about Trudeau's. “Social media” played as critical a role in Trudeau's campaign as in Trump's. Like Trump, Trudeau enjoyed the advantage of running against a party that had been in power for two full terms; a party reduced to selling itself on the aura around its long-serving leader. Like Trump, Trudeau was given to election-campaign bimbo eruptions and glib, unlettered offhand comments. Like Trump's vision of America, Trudeau's vision of Canada is a vanity mirror. Like Trump, Trudeau had practically no experience in public administration.
Like Trump, Trudeau is less a leader than a mascot. Like Trump's following, Trudeau's following sometimes comes off like a Dear Leader cult. Like Trump, Trudeau routinely elicits in his political enemies a hysterical incoherence. As with Trump, it is not known whether Trudeau has ever met a dictator he didn't like.
While Trump has claimed real and possibly imagined intimacies with Russian strongman Vladimir Putin, Trudeau has boasted of very real “family” ties with the Castro regime in Cuba and with Xi Jinping's regime in Beijing. Like Trump, Trudeau has surrounded himself with advisers whose unseemly associations with foreign powers raise disturbing questions about sovereignty and national security.
Trump has just appointed the disgraced Lt.-Gen. Michael Flynn, who has been only happy to take up paid engagements in Moscow, as his national security adviser. Trudeau appointed the slavishly pro-Beijing Peter Harder, former president of the Canada China Business Council – itself a Liberal party old boys' club – to head up his post-election transition team. Trudeau later appointed Harder government leader in the Senate, securing Harder a place at the table in the Privy Council.
Trump has appointed his family members to run his businesses, and has met with foreign business partners since the Nov. 8 election, with his daughter Ivanka in tow, brazenly breaking his own campaign promise that there would be a “total and complete separation” between the presidency and the Trump empire.
Like Trump, Trudeau seems to have trouble keeping promises involving the separation of private interests and political fundraising from public service. Trudeau's Liberals have persisted in a “cash for access” racket that most recently involved the revelation that Trudeau was the guest star at quiet $1,500-admission dinners with Chinese billionaires and apparatchiks with the Chinese Communist Party. Try to imagine how the New York Times would have handled the story had Trump been discovered making such squalid arrangements.
Trump and Trudeau are both “one-percenters,” besides. Don't be surprised if the two of them end up getting along a lot better than you might have thought.
Could “it” happen here? What makes us think “it” hasn't happened here already? What makes us so damn cocksure “it” isn't happening right now?
I got this BBQ sandwich recipe from PETA, and though I haven't tried it yet, it looks and sounds like a great BBQ dish for summer.
Servings: 6
Ingredients
BBQ Tempeh:
1 lb. tempeh
1/2 cup(s) of soy sauce
1/2 cup(s) of apple cider vinegar
1/2 cup(s) of maple syrup
1/2 cup(s) of olive oil
2 tsp. chipotle powder
1 tsp. dried thyme
1 tsp. sweet paprika
1 tsp. cumin
6 kaiser rolls, sliced in half
Multicolor Slaw:
1 cup(s) shredded green cabbage
1 cup(s) shredded red cabbage
1/4 cup(s) finely diced onions
2 tbsp. vegan mayonnaise (try Vegenaise)
1 tbsp. apple cider vinegar
1/4 tsp. celery salt, sea salt and pepper, to taste
Steps
Preheat the oven to 450ºF. Cut the tempeh in half lengthwise, then cut the 2 slabs in half widthwise (as if you were slicing a roll), creating 4 squares that are nearly identical in size. Next, cut the tempeh into smaller strips, about 1 by 3 inches. Arrange in a single layer in a 2- to 3-inch-deep baking dish and set aside. Whisk together all the remaining ingredients. Pour over the tempeh, coating evenly. Cover tightly with aluminum foil and bake for 45 minutes. Remove the aluminum foil and bake, uncovered, for an additional 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and set aside. In a medium-size bowl, combine the cabbage, onions, vegan mayonnaise, and vinegar. Mix until well combined. Add the celery salt, salt, and pepper. Keep in mind that the tempeh will be both spicy and slightly salty! Cover and store in the fridge until ready to assemble the sandwiches. Lightly toast the rolls. Pile as much of the tempeh as you'd like onto one half of each roll. Top with some of the slaw, add the other half of the roll, and enjoy.
What's your favorite summer sandwich?
Photo Credit: JustVeggingOut
More kind recipes…
Moroccan Couscous with Saffron
Kind Chocolate Cake
My Warm, Spicy Wine
Artichokes with Roast Capsicum and Sun-Dried Sauce
Kenyan Women Create Their Own 'Geek Culture'
Enlarge this image toggle caption Gregory Warner
When a collective of female computer programmers in Kenya needed a name for their ladies-only club, they took their inspiration from the Japanese cult film Akira.
"So akira is a Japanese word. It means energy and intelligence. And we are energetic and intelligent chicks," says Judith Owigar, the president of Akirachix.
A group like Akirachix would have been unthinkable even five years ago. But Kenya is making a big push toward IT — part of a plan to create a middle-class country by the year 2030.
Kenya has laid hundreds of miles of fiber optic cable. Google and IBM set up shop here. The city even has plans for a $7 billion technology hub just outside the capital, Nairobi.
But you need more than tech giants and broadband and even money to launch a local tech industry. You also need a culture of computer geeks. That's where Owigar and her collective Akirachix come in. They want to make sure that the girl geeks are encouraged as much as the guys.
Bridging The Gender Gap
"You know you're the oddball just because of your gender," Owigar says.
It turns out that in Kenya, exactly as in Silicon Valley, the problem with getting more women in tech is that there aren't more women in tech.
"There are probably other women in tech who are alone, and they think they're the weird ones, but if enough of us meet together, you know, it won't be so weird anymore," Owigar says.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Gregory Warner
Susan Oguya is also an Akirachick. She grew up on a farm in western Kenya without a computer. But she was lucky enough to have an uncle who worked in Nairobi.
When he came home for the holidays, he would haul his entire workstation in the car back with him — the monitor, the CPU, the keyboard, the mouse — and set it up in Oguya's living room. Oguya was 15.
"So he'd bring it over, we'd use it, and then he would go back with it," Oguya says. "So in the times when I didn't have a computer, there were books that he left. Books about what is a computer, parts of a computer, what is a ROM, what is a RAM. It's really basic."
When she got to a university, she majored in IT. She had an idea for a mobile phone app that would help farmers like her parents.
One of the striking things about Kenya is that even impoverished farmers have cellphones. For decades, Kenya was too poor to lay copper telephone wire in the ground, so the vast majority of Kenyans use cellphones as their primary phone.
Now, all those Kenyan cellphone users are set to take advantage of an increasingly mobile world. Oguya's app would allow farmers to check the crop prices with text messaging, skipping the middleman.
"Yeah, corrupt middleman," Oguya says. "Let's say skipping the corrupt middleman."
But Oguya was one of only 10 women in her department of 80 — about the same ratio you'd find in a computer science class at Stanford. Her teachers doubted her ability to actually program this app she'd thought up.
"In my culture, it's like men can only communicate with men. And I was like, 'OK.' Then if I could share this passion, like try and explain to the person, this is what I want to do? It's only a woman who could understand me better," Oguya says.
It wasn't until her third year that she met a computer researcher at the same university, Jessica Colaco, who says she bumped into Oguya in the hallway. "I remember when I met her in the corridor, Susan was really shy. She was like, 'Excuse me, are you Jessica Colaco?' " she says.
"So she invited me and was like, 'Come meet other women who also have a passion like you, but they want to relate to other women who don't know that this exists,' " Oguya says.
Oguya started spending some Saturday mornings with Colaco and other women, snipping code and poring through hacker cookbooks. These informal gatherings became the Akirachix.
Oguya graduated and turned her mobile phone idea into a company called M-Farm. At 25 years old, she now has a staff of 18. And 7,000 African farmers use her app.
Solving Local Problems
One floor up from Oguya's office is a kind of oasis of geekdom — a gathering space for Nairobi's tech community called the iHub. It feels like any sort of hacker space in Silicon Valley or New York, with comfy couches, fast Wi-Fi and cappuccinos served by a barista named Miss Rose.
But the techies you meet here aren't trying to come up with the next Facebook or another app to share your photos. They're solving local problems.
There's one app that brings math and reading help by cellphone to village schools.
There's an app that lets Kenyans who don't have computers do their online shopping by cellphone.
There's a micro-insurance product that measures the rainfall at cellphone towers and automatically distributes money to farmers in drought.
These are all applications started by women. Akirachix's Owigar says they're sending a message to the next wave of girl geeks. "We need them to see that we are doing it and we enjoy it. You know, you don't find many African women looking for the spotlight. Most of them tend to hide their awesomeness," Owigar says.
The best time to carve a spot for women in geek culture, she says, is when there isn't much geek culture yet.
This post is part of a series about building a simple mathematical expression evaluator. For previous posts and full source code see Table of Contents.
Introduction
In previous part we added support for variables but it has a big disadvantage: values of the variables are bound by position and not by name. This means that you should pass values for the variables in the same order as they appear in the expression. For example the following test will fail:
public void Can_Process_Multiple_Variables() { var a = 6; var b = 4.32m; var c = 24.15m; Assert.That(engine.Evaluate("(c+b)*a", a, b, c), Is.EqualTo((c + b) * a)); }
On the other hand binding by name has the following advantages: If you change the expression you do not have to worry about keeping order of the variables you pass in sync. So in this post we are going to change expression evaluator to bind parameters by name. We will also add a new overload for better performance when we need to evaluate same expression with different parameter values.
Binding Variables by Name
The easiest way to pass variables with their name is to pass a dictionary of variables with variable name acting as a key. While this will work it is not the most elegant and readable solution. A better solution will be to pass an anonymous object with properties pointing to the variable values. So our first task is to make the following test pass:
public void Can_Process_Multiple_Variables() { var a = 6; var b = 4.32m; var c = 24.15m; Assert.That(engine.Evaluate("(c+b)*a", new { a, b, c }), Is.EqualTo((c + b) * a)); }
Passing Parameters with Anonymous Objects
The first thing we need to do when an object containing variables is passed is to enumerate its properties and build a dictionary of variable name and value. Once we have the dictionary we pass it to the private Enumerate method which we implemented in previous post. The code is pretty straightforward:
public decimal Evaluate(string expression, object argument = null) { if (argument == null) { return Evaluate(expression, new Dictionary<string, decimal>()); } var argumentType = argument.GetType(); var properties = argumentType.GetProperties(BindingFlags.Instance | BindingFlags.Public) .Where(p => p.CanRead && IsNumeric(p.PropertyType)); var arguments = properties.ToDictionary(property => property.Name, property => Convert.ToDecimal(property.GetValue(argument, null))); return Evaluate(expression, arguments); } private bool IsNumeric(Type type) { switch (Type.GetTypeCode(type)) { case TypeCode.SByte: case TypeCode.Byte: case TypeCode.Int16: case TypeCode.UInt16: case TypeCode.Int32: case TypeCode.UInt32: case TypeCode.Int64: case TypeCode.UInt64: case TypeCode.Single: case TypeCode.Double: case TypeCode.Decimal: return true; } return false; }
The Enumerate method has not changed much. The most important change is that it needs to reorder the variables in the same order as they appear in the expression.
private decimal Evaluate(string expression, Dictionary<string, decimal> arguments) { if (string.IsNullOrWhiteSpace(expression)) { return 0; } if (arguments == null) { arguments = new Dictionary<string, decimal>(); } var arrayParameter = Expression.Parameter(typeof(decimal[]), "args"); parameters.Clear(); operatorStack.Clear(); expressionStack.Clear(); using (var reader = new StringReader(expression)) { int peek; while ((peek = reader.Peek()) > -1) { var next = (char)peek; if (char.IsDigit(next)) { expressionStack.Push(ReadOperand(reader)); continue; } if (char.IsLetter(next)) { expressionStack.Push(ReadParameter(reader, arrayParameter)); continue; } if (Operation.IsDefined(next)) { var currentOperation = ReadOperation(reader); EvaluateWhile(() => operatorStack.Count > 0 && operatorStack.Peek() != '(' && currentOperation.Precedence <= ((Operation)operatorStack.Peek()).Precedence); operatorStack.Push(next); continue; } if (next == '(') { reader.Read(); operatorStack.Push('('); continue; } if (next == ')') { reader.Read(); EvaluateWhile(() => operatorStack.Count > 0 && operatorStack.Peek() != '('); operatorStack.Pop(); continue; } if (next == ' ') { reader.Read(); } else { throw new ArgumentException(string.Format("Encountered invalid character {0}", next), "expression"); } } } EvaluateWhile(() => operatorStack.Count > 0); var lambda = Expression.Lambda<Func<decimal[], decimal>>(expressionStack.Pop(), arrayParameter); var compiled = lambda.Compile(); var values = parameters.Select(parameter => arguments[parameter]).ToArray(); return compiled(values); }
This is all we need to add support for binding arguments by name to our expression evaluator. We will now add another overload for passing parameters to the Evaluate method.
Passing Parameters with Named Arguments
Passing arguments by anonymous objects works but we can do better: We can use named arguments together with dynamic keyword to allow specifying arguments in the following way:
[Test] public void Can_Pass_Named_Variables() { dynamic dynamicEngine = new ExpressionEvaluator(); var a = 6; var b = 4.5m; var c = 2.6m; Assert.That(dynamicEngine.Evaluate("(c+b)*a", a: 6, b: 4.5, c: 2.6), Is.EqualTo((c + b) * a)); }
As it is based on features introduced in .Net 4 this overload will only be available for users using .Net 4 or upper.
To implement this feature we need to inherit ExpressionEvaluator class from DynamicObject and override TryInvokeMember method. This method will get invoked whenever a method is called which should be resolved at runtime. Parameter names as well as values are passed to this method. This allows us to build a dictionary of arguments and pass them to the Enumerate method showed in this post. This is how we do it:
public override bool TryInvokeMember(InvokeMemberBinder binder, object[] args, out object result) { if ("Evaluate" != binder.Name) { return base.TryInvokeMember(binder, args, out result); } if (!(args[0] is string)) { throw new ArgumentException("No expression specified for parsing"); } //args will contain expression and arguments, //ArgumentNames will contain only argument names if (args.Length != binder.CallInfo.ArgumentNames.Count + 1) { throw new ArgumentException("Argument names missing."); } var arguments = new Dictionary<string, decimal>(); for (int i = 0; i < binder.CallInfo.ArgumentNames.Count; i++) { if (IsNumeric(args[i + 1].GetType())) { arguments.Add(binder.CallInfo.ArgumentNames[i], Convert.ToDecimal(args[i + 1])); } } result = Evaluate((string)args[0], arguments); return true; }
Now we can specify parameter names in a more elegant way without having to construct an anonymous object.
Improving Expression Evaluator Performance
Let's say you have an expression which you want to evaluate multiple times but with different parameters. Currently the Evaluate method will parse and compile the expression tree for every evaluation even thought the expression is same every time. As the compilation of expression trees is an expensive operation it will be better if the library allowed to compile the expression only once and execute it multiple times with different values of variables.
To support this scenario we will add a new method Compile which takes an expression and returns a delegate which you can execute multiple times. Here is an example of what we want to do:
[Test] [Test] public void Can_Invoke_Expression_Multiple_Times() { var a = 6m; var b = 3.9m; var c = 4.9m; var compiled = engine.Compile("(a+b)/(a+c)"); Assert.That(compiled(new { a, b, c }), Is.EqualTo((a + b) / (a + c))); a = 5.4m; b = -2.4m; c = 7.5m; Assert.That(compiled(new { a, b, c }), Is.EqualTo((a + b) / (a + c))); }
The Compile method is the same as the Evaluate method with the only difference being that it returns the compiled delegate instead of invoking it. This means we can extract a new method and use it from both methods. I will not show the full source code here as it is doing not add any new parsing logic and the code is available at github.
Conclusion
In this post we improved expression evaluator and added support for binding variables by name. We also added a new overload for specifying variables as named arguments. Finally we added a new method returning compiled delegate to avoid multiple compilations.
In the next post we will add support for unary negation. Do not miss it
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Christine Lagarde: "The housing sector is a perennial potential risk"
The UK's recent growth, employment progress and deficit reduction have been "strong", the International Monetary Fund (IMF) has said.
Underlying economic vulnerabilities have been addressed, and steady growth looks set to continue, it said.
But high household debt, a "strikingly large" trade deficit and high government debt are still risks to the economy.
It also warned about uncertainty over whether the UK would stay in the EU.
"Trade would be harder, tariffs would be higher, [and] the financial fluidity within the European Union would not be as good as it is at the moment, [should the UK leave the EU]," the IMF's Christine Lagarde told BBC business editor Kamal Ahmed.
She said the IMF was in favour of opening up trade, removing barriers, and the mobility of goods, capital and people.
"[The EU] has proven effective over the years," she said.
Analysis
BBC business editor Kamal Ahmed
Christine Lagarde, the managing director of the IMF, is not a politician. And makes it clear that decisions on "specific projects" are a matter for others, engineers for one.
But even she found it almost impossible not to add her voice to those expressing frustration at the government's decision last night not to give the go-ahead to a new runway at either Heathrow or Gatwick.
Mme Lagarde was in London for the publication of the IMF's latest assessment of the UK economy.
Read Kamal's blog post here.
'Strong' economy
She gave an upbeat assessment of the UK economy, saying that the UK was in a strong position at the moment.
"Life is about risk, but what we are seeing is a very strong performance from the British economy," she said.
Growth has outstripped other major economies, the unemployment rate has fallen, employment is at a high, the fiscal deficit has been reduced, and financial sector resilience has increased, the IMF said in a report.
Steady growth looks likely to continue over the next few years, and inflation should gradually return to its 2% target, the IMF said.
But although UK house price growth has eased, the household debt-to-income ratio is still high, and could leave some households vulnerable to shock interest rate rises.
The large trade deficit could affect cash flows into the UK, adversely affecting growth, the report says.
In addition, high government debt, and a continuing deficit, could tie the government's hands in dealing with any future recession, and productivity growth might fail to materialise.
Chancellor George Osborne said the IMF report "could hardly be more positive" about the UK economy, but that it "rightly" identified challenges.
He said the government had taken steps to address UK productivity, the housing market and deficit reduction.
DALLAS, Jan. 7, 2014 /PRNewswire via COMTEX/ -- AT&T*, the leader in connected cars, and Tesla, the premier all-electric vehicle manufacturer, have entered into a new multi-year exclusive agreement to enable current and future Tesla vehicles in North America with high speed wireless connectivity. AT&T connectivity will power Tesla's remote engine diagnostics, telematics, and industry-leading infotainment features such as Internet radio, Web browsing, live traffic, weather and navigation, all accessed through the 17-inch touchscreen.
"It's an honor to work with a company as innovative as Tesla on delivering a connected experience inside automobiles for both drivers and passengers," said Ralph de la Vega, president and CEO, AT&T Mobility.
"Tesla's goal has always been to catalyze the market for electric vehicles for all consumers while providing an exceptional driving experience," said Elon Musk, co-founder and CEO of Tesla. "AT&T's advanced and reliable wireless connectivity will help Tesla continue to deliver a cutting-edge ownership experience."
In addition, AT&T announced yesterday two major initiatives to lead innovation in the connected car market - a first-of-its-kind connected car innovation center in Atlanta, called the AT&T Drive Studio, and a new global automotive solution and development platform, now called AT&T Drive.
AT&T Drive Studio features a working lab, showroom to build and exhibit the latest innovations, and serves as an overall hub where AT&T can work hand in hand with companies and respond to opportunities presented by automotive manufacturers.
AT&T Drive is the company's connected car platform - a modular and flexible, global solution that allows automakers to pick and choose what services and capabilities are important to them and allows them to differentiate their solutions in the marketplace. From connectivity and billing solutions to data analytics and infotainment, this platform will allow automakers and developers to develop their own innovative and customized connected car solutions, now and in the future.
As a telematics leader, AT&T already provides mobile internet access in vehicles manufactured by both domestic and foreign automobile makers. AT&T was the first to enter the market with a proprietary, global SIM platform which made it possible for automotive, consumer and M2M equipment makers to work through a single carrier to wirelessly enable and connect products across the globe, and cars are being sold throughout world today with this SIM.
For the complete array of AT&T offerings, visit www.att.com.
*AT&T products and services are provided or offered by subsidiaries and affiliates of AT&T Inc. under the AT&T brand and not by AT&T Inc.
About AT&TAT&T Inc. T, +0.29% is a premier communications holding company and one of the most honored companies in the world. Its subsidiaries and affiliates - AT&T operating companies - are the providers of AT&T services in the United States and internationally. With a powerful array of network resources, AT&T is a leading provider of wireless, Wi-Fi, high speed Internet, voice and cloud-based services. A leader in mobile Internet, AT&T also offers the best wireless coverage worldwide of any U.S. carrier, offering the most wireless phones that work in the most countries. It also offers advanced TV services under the AT&T U-verse® and AT&T â"eDIRECTV brands. The company's suite of IP-based business communications services is one of the most advanced in the world.
Additional information about AT&T Inc. and the products and services provided by AT&T subsidiaries and affiliates is available at http://www.att.com/aboutus or follow our news on Twitter at @ATT, on Facebook at http://www.facebook.com/att and YouTube at http://www.youtube.com/att.
© 2014 AT&T Intellectual Property. All rights reserved. 4G not available everywhere. AT&T, the AT&T logo and all other marks contained herein are trademarks of AT&T Intellectual Property and/or AT&T affiliated companies. All other marks contained herein are the property of their respective owners.
SOURCE AT&T Inc.
Copyright (C) 2014 PR Newswire. All rights reserved
K-Pop quartet KARD just became the unfortunate targets of a Brazilian host who had no problem berating them with racial slurs on live television.
The male-female group, composed of BM, Somin, Jiwoo and J.seph (left to right), recently appeared on Brazilian variety show “Turma Do Vovo Raul” and trended No. 1 on Twitter worldwide.
While that's a feat for a group that has not officially debuted yet, something went terribly wrong for the members during the show.
It all started when four kids — apparently of mixed ethnicities — representing KARD appeared on a segment called “Raul Gil”, in which the host asked what they are.
The first three said they're Japanese, but when the last kid failed to answer, the host said, “Needs to open his eyes, right?”, according to Asian Junkie.
As if the scene isn't awkward enough, an oriental riff then started playing and the host talked with an oriental accent.
When KARD finally appeared on stage, the host, for some reason, started bringing up dating and asked if one of them dated another member. The group denied any dating and the crowd went wild.
The host then asked the audience if they want to marry the members, before saying “You would have to stretch your eyes. Are you guys kidding?” and making a slant-eyed gesture.
Netizens seemed equally furious and hopeless about the matter (via Reddit):
“This is blatant racist and I am 100% not surprised it happened with Raul Gil (that's the name of the host). He's one of the oldest TV hosts — his generation in particular is very conservative here in Brazil, leading to a lot of racist/sexist/homophobic things being said. I know people are expecting an apology but I don't see it happening,” one user commented.
“Raul Gil's TV show is focused for adults and older people. Also for some conservative and religious public. I'm not surprised for his actions, he always does this kind of not fit comments, even with children. But there's a twist, his show does promote K-Pop and K-Pop cover groups, like, it really does,” another wrote.
“The thing is, you see very established comedians in Korea making similarly inappropriate jokes and skits about black people/blackface etc.,” a different user remarked. “While I don't think anyone should be defending this behavior, at the same time you can understand why countries that are only tangentially related to these race issues aren't fully ‘up to speed' on what is and isn't OK to joke about. 10 years ago it would be perfectly acceptable to make these kinds of jokes and I'm sure in 10 years time both Korea and Brazil will also think that this kind of behavior is unacceptable.”
Interestingly, the Korean-Portuguese translator, who stood beside the host, reportedly omitted his other racially-insensitive comments.
Props to KARD for maintaining their composure on what must be the most uncomfortable stage they've been on yet. They're reportedly debuting on Wednesday, so let's all be on the lookout!
Watch the segment below:
The gentle giant: Scientists discover plant-eating dinosaur that made even the T. rex look small
Dinosaur was found in part of Angola that would have been underwater 90million years ago
It has been en dubbed the Angolatitan adamastor - or Angolan giant
Huge: Octavio Mateus with part of a forelimb of the fossilised dinosaur. It is thought to be one of the largest creatures ever to walk on Earth
Scientists in Angola claim they have unearthed one of the largest ever dinosaurs to walk the planet.
Although they have only found the first fossil, it is believed the creature was a long-necked plant eater.
It has been dubbed the Angolatitan adamastor - or Angolan giant.
The international team claims unique skeletal characteristics of the fossilised forelimb bone mean it is part of a previously unknown dinosaur.
The remarkable find is the first in Angola since the 1960s after years of war came to an end.
It was discovered in an area that would have been underwater when the dinosaur was alive 90million years ago.
It is thought the remains, found with fish and shark teeth, might have been washed into the sea and torn apart by ancient sharks.
Matthew Bonnan, a sauropod expert at Western Illinois University, said he believes the team's claim to have discovered a new dinosaur is genuine.
'I think they've been very careful,' he said, adding the find could add to knowledge about how sauropods - or lizard-hipped dinosaurs - adapted to different environments.
Dr Bonnan added it was 'really cool' to see research coming out of Angola.
'The neat thing about dinosaur paleontology is that it's becoming more global,' he said.
'The more people and places that we involve in science, the better off we all are,' Dr Bonnan said.
The findings were published in the Annals of the Brazilian Academy of Science yesterday.
'Angola has had more than its share of civil war,' said Dutch project member Anne Schulp of the Natuurhistorisch Museum Maastricht.
He said science hasn't been a priority, but 'Angola is catching up right now.'
An anti-colonial war broke out in Angola in the 1960s, and civil war followed independence from Portugal in 1975.
Painstaking: Dr Mateus carefully analyses the remains found in an area of Angola which would have been underwater 90million years ago
The fighting ended in 2002 when the army killed rebel leader Jonas Savimbi. The country was left littered with land mines and impoverished. The discovery of oil in recent years has set off an economic boom, but many Angolans have been left behind.
PaleoAngola member Octavio Mateus of Portugal's Universidade Nova de Lisboa and Museum of Lourinha said lack of money has been the greatest barrier to research.
'We don't have problems with land mines, we don't have problems with safety' despite the country's troubled past, Dr Mateus said.
Tatiana Tavares of the Universidade Agostinho Neto is also on the PaleoAngola team, and her Luanda, Angola university has Angolaitan adamastor fossil specimens on public display. Other specimens in Portugal will later be returned to the university.
Dr Mateus discovered the Angolaitan adamastor in 2005. In the years since, excavations and research were completed and a paper was written for review by other scholars, culminating in Wednesday's publication.
Asia-Pacific Forum on Science Learning and Teaching, Volume 7, Issue 2, Article 1 (Dec., 2006)
Shu-Chiu LIU
Historical models and science instruction: A cross-cultural analysis based on students' views Previous Contents Next
Three early Chinese models
The early Chinese drew up their pictures of the universe with a focus on the relations between Heaven and Earth. Three cosmological models (see Figure 1) were advocated by different schools and held true for a long time. These models were once highly advanced in human history, but as a whole, because of the lack of systematic theories, failed to move forward and eventually were replaced in the seventeenth century by the Western theories.
The Gai Tian Model (Hemispherical Dome) Hun Tian Model (Celestial Sphere) Shuen Ye Theory (Infinity) Figure 1. Three early Chinese models of the universe.
The great emphasis on ethics of the most dominant philosophical school, Confucianism, had much to do with how Chinese people conceived the world. It is also often considered as one of the major obstacles to eliminate their childish beliefs from scientific theory (Jin et al., 1996). The Chinese science developed along with an endeavor of active participation in the real world and consequently an emphasis on technology. Most of the experiments were conducted for practical purposes, and few for verifying scientific theories. Jin et al. (1996) pointed out that the Confucian doctrine rests upon a particular conception of the world which they term “man in nature”. The spirit of this doctrine is that “mankind is meant to maintain the universal harmony by following the natural rules” and there is a de-emphasis of reasons for natural phenomena because they are beyond human intellectual comprehension.
Therefore, the Chinese scientists took for granted that their tasks are to “discover” and “follow” the natural rules, rather than to “reason”. This view did not demolish even as late as in the nineteenth century, when the eminent scholar Ruan Yuan still complained about the changing theories in Western astronomy: “The laws are always changing…I don't know where the real reason lies.” He went on to argue that “heavenly laws are so profound and subtle that they lie beyond human ability”. It is therefore prevailing in Chinese history of science that theories are intended to express certainties rather than search for reasons. Only in this way can theories “last forever without error” (Jin et al., 1996).
To point out again, the lack of reasoning is regarded as a hindrance to revise their scientific theories. The three dominant cosmological models in early China started in slightly different times, but all remained to have their voices until the seventeenth century when missionaries came to China and transmitted the Western view of science. It is worth noting that two of the models (Hun Tian and Gai Tian) maintained a flat Earth, either like a disk or a square, and the round heavens, either spherical or hemispherical, whilst the third (Shuen Ye) did not give descriptions of the shapes. The main characteristics of the ancient Chinese models of the universe include:
1. The models did not address what we know as “universe”, but instead “Heaven and Earth”- a “researchable” universe -. Precisely, “Heaven and Earth” denotes a space to be observed from the Earth and to be home of all visible heavenly entities. It was believed that beyond this space there is unknown infinite cosmos.
2. The Earth was flat.
3. The heavens were round; the heavenly bodies were moving freely.
These features are remarkably distinguished from those of the Greek cosmological models in which the universe was finite, Earth was round (spherical) in its center, and the heavens were layers of solid spheres; the heavenly bodies were attached to the layers respectively.
Daniel Gerroll (left) and Robin Abramson in Shadowlands (Photo: Jeremy Daniel)
In a new production of Shadowlands, the lightness of romantic comedy is blended with with just enough theological depth.
‘Your letters have been the most important thing in my life,” says Joy Davidman to C. S. Lewis in the play Shadowlands.
The line is jarring on stage, in a new production, in New York City, from the Fellowship for Performing Arts. That's the way playwright William Nicholson wrote it: Davidman and Lewis have just met, following a correspondence. Each is nervous, not quite knowing what to expect — and almost certainly not imaging that they will marry under odd and compelling circumstances.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Nicholson also knows another thing: Lewis was probably the most important Christian apologist of the 20th century. His writings were important to a lot of lives — not just Davidman's, but also countless others in his own time and in ours.
Shadowlands is the true — or mostly true — story of a beautiful and tragic romance. As the play begins, Lewis seems ready to finish his days in bachelorhood. Then Davidson forces her way into his life, through the power of her personality. At first it's a culture clash: He's a reserved British scholar and she's a brash American. Yet they grow close, as she surprises him with her intelligence and they come to recognize that they need each other.
The new show is a revival: Shadowlands debuted in England in 1989, starring Nigel Hawthorne as Lewis. Later, it moved to Broadway, then television, and finally it became a feature film in 1993 with Anthony Hopkins as Lewis and Debra Winger as Davidman. The Fellowship for Performing Arts, the group behind this production, is a countercultural force: It aims “to engage and entertain its patrons by telling stories from a Christian worldview that can capture the imagination of a diverse audience,” writes founder and artistic director Max McLean in the program. When it comes to Lewis and the stage, McLean and his team are veterans: In 2006, I raved about their adaptation of The Screwtape Letters.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Shadowlands blends the lightness and humor of a good romantic comedy with just enough theological depth to engage the intellect without feeling like homework. It begins with Lewis alone on stage: “Good evening. The subject of my talk tonight is love, pain, and suffering.” And that about sums it up, though of course it's not really a talk at all, but rather a dramatic performance with characters and dialogue. Shadowlands asks a simple question and proposes a tough answer. Where is God when we suffer? “The suffering in the world is not the failure of God's love for us,” says Lewis. “It is that love in action.” By the end of Shadowlands, this counterintuitive claim feels like truth.
The cast is excellent, with Daniel Gerroll as Lewis, Robin Abramson as Davidman, and John C. Vennema as Lewis's brother, Warnie. Curiously, Gerroll looks a bit like J. R. R. Tolkien, Lewis's fellow scholar and author and famous friend; he plays his part with the right mix of cool manners and hidden warmth. Abramson is vibrant and commanding. Vennema is a source of comic relief: He doesn't get all of the jokes, but he has some of the best and is a welcome, supporting presence.
Advertisement
So if you're in New York City between now and January 7, when the show closes, walk a couple of blocks beyond the bright brilliance of Times Square and into the Acorn Theater on West 42nd St: “For believing me, this world that seems to us so substantial is no more than the shadowlands.”
Watford are plotting a swoop for Feyenoord midfielder Lex Immers as they continue to bolster their squad ahead of returning to the Premier League.
The Hornets have already been active in the transfer market this summer having secured six players including Etienne Capoue and Valon Behrami.
And manager Quique Flores is showing an interest in attacking midfielder Immers.
Feyenoord midfielder Lex Immers (right) has been linked with a move to Premier League side Watford
The 29-year-old has scored 35 goals in three seasons at Feyenoord, who are also set to lose skipper Jordy Clasie to Southampton.
Flores is also hoping to land Tottenham midfielder Benjamin Stambouli, having agreed a £4m fee, but Ligue 1 giants Paris St-Germain have also made a surprise move for the Frenchman.
However in Watford's favour, Stambouli rejected an approach from hometown club Marseille because he wanted to continue in the Barclays Premier League.
A video uploaded to YouTube shows an early AMD's Mantle API demo that was recorded at the recent APU 2013 developer conference. The demo, done by Oxide Games, shows a game engine (in its alpha state) specifically built for AMD's Mantle running an increasingly intensive scene.
During the demo, which starts at 25:40, we see a bustling space battle taking place. It's full of ships, lasers, lights, reflections, and anything else you could imagine that would stress a system's CPU and GPU. The only problem is, the system remains butter-smooth during the entire demo. Bear in mind this is an R9-290X and an FX-8350, but even with specs like that it's impressive to see the system appear to keep up regardless of what's added to the scene.
Mantle publicly demoed at APU 2013
Mantle heavily reduces the CPU's workload
As the speaker discloses after the demo (at 37:18), their CPU is actually hardly even being used. The developer presented the audience with a before-and-after frame analysis of how Mantle affects the system's workload in comparison to DirectX. In the frame analysis taken from the game running with DirectX, we see a chunk of the CPU being used by the driver thread. In the second (the one where Mantle was used), that thread is simply gone.
Not only did it free up a lot of CPU time when switched to Mantle, but Mantle itself took only a fraction of CPU time to function as opposed to DirectX's required driver thread. This means that developers have the option to go one of two ways if they use Mantle: they can utilize that unused CPU time to improve their game, or they can simply drop the CPU requirement. The viability of lower CPU performance requirements was later verified even further (at 39:55) when the speaker disclosed that even when underclocked to 2GHz, the FX-8350 was still waiting for the GPU to finish on any given frame. Typically, we would see things the other way around.
Duplicating Results – Will we see this elsewhere?
It's really hard to say for certain, but things are really looking up for Mantle. Before this point, the world hasn't seen a single Mantle demo. Digital Illusions CE (the developer of the popular Battlefield series and Frostbite engine) has already disclosed that they will be developing Battlefield 4 and the upcoming Star Wars: Battlefront for Mantle, but neither have publicly shown gameplay yet.
It's also worth mentioning that this is only the beginning. The speaker mentions at 41:00, their engine, Mantle, and the hardware being used are all in their early stages. There's much more optimization to be done in this case, and it's likely that the larger studios that have also announced support for Mantle have made further progress than Oxide has. It's hard to say how much further, but it makes sense that a massive game studio would make further progress in these past few months following the Mantle developer kit releases than a smaller group like Oxide.
Does this mean I need an AMD card or AMD CPU?
Absolutely not. Mantle is an open platform. NVidia and Intel both have the freedom to adopt GPU support for it as well. If the launch of these Mantle-enabled titles goes as well as we can expect, there's a fair chance they'll both be scrambling to adopt it (if they haven't already done so behind closed doors). As for the CPU side of things, it appears that Mantle is not only very light on the CPU, but it's brand-agnostic as well. After the demo, the speaker talks about the game being run on an i7 chip as well as the 8350.
Video below, demo starts at 25:40
AMD Mantle API ‘Oxide Games Nitrous' Slides:
Magnetic complexity begins to untangle
Core and crust from Swarm After a year in orbit, the three Swarm satellites have provided a first glimpse inside Earth and started to shed new light on the dynamics of the upper atmosphere – all the way from the ionosphere about 100 km above, through to the outer reaches of our protective magnetic shield. A series of scientific papers published recently in Geophysical Research Letters and collected in a special issue, confirms the remarkable potential of this unique mission. Rune Floberghagen, ESA's Swarm Mission Manager, said, “These results show that all the meticulous effort that went into making Swarm the best-ever spaceborne magnetometry mission is certainly paying off.” Swarm is tasked with measuring and untangling the different magnetic signals that stem from Earth's core, mantle, crust, oceans, ionosphere and magnetosphere – an undertaking that will take at least four years to complete. In doing so, the mission will provide insight into many natural processes, from those occurring deep inside the planet through to weather in space caused by solar activity. In turn, this information will yield a better understanding of why the magnetic field is weakening.
Loading... Swarm: orbit with a difference Access the video The three satellites may be identical, but to optimise sampling in space and time their orbits are different and change over the course of the mission's life – a key aspect of the mission. Swarm is the first mission to take advantage of ‘magnetic gradiometry', which is achieved by two of the satellites orbiting side-by-side at a distance of about 100 km. This is used to unravel the details of the magnetic field produced by magnetised rocks in Earth's crust. Nils Olsen from DTU Space in Denmark said, “We are extremely satisfied with these preliminary results. “Not only do they validate the gradiometry concept, but they also confirm the remarkable accuracy of the satellites' absolute magnetic measurements. The Swarm constellation also makes it much easier to monitor the changes that occur in the main field produced in the Earth's core, which protects us from harmful charged cosmic particles.
Current complexity One of the three lead proposers of the Swarm mission, Gauthier Hulot from IPG Paris, added, “Our magnetic field is largely generated by Earth's outer core. The constellation provides detail on the way the field is changing and thereby weakening our protective shield. “This is what will ultimately make it possible to predict the way this field will evolve over the next decades.” Very early on in the mission, when the three satellites were orbiting much closer together, first like pearls-on-a-string and later side-by-side, with one satellite progressively reaching a slightly higher orbit and separating from the lower pair, much advantage could be taken of the GPS receivers, thermal-ion imagers and Langmuir probes, which complement the magnetometers on each satellite. Consequently, most of the early results focus on signals produced by the very dynamic electric currents near Earth.
Earth's protective shield This sheds new light onto the behaviour of the many currents flowing within the ionosphere and along the connections to the magnetosphere. It is also leading to a better understanding of the dynamics of small-scale structures of ionospheric plasma, the very type of phenomena related to space weather that limit GPS positioning and radio transmissions. All this, however, is only the first in what is likely to be a long list of results.
Roger Haagmans, ESA's Swarm Mission Scientist, said, “The Swarm satellites will be in orbit for another three years at least. While the data accumulate, scientists will no doubt find other novel ways of making the best of the mission. “New science has already emerged, for example, a joint analysis of data from Swarm and ESA's Space Science Cluster mission has been published.”
“For the time being, the priority is to make sure that the science community can take advantage of the first results of the mission,” remarks Nils Olsen, who leads the Swarm Satellite Constellation Application and Research Facility, a consortium of European, US and Canadian institutes in charge of producing advanced models of the various sources of the geomagnetic field from Swarm data. All of these results will be presented at the 26th General Assembly of the International Union of Geodesy and Geophysics on 22 June – 2 July in Prague, Czech Republic.
Today a very small percentage of people who deem themselves the “ruling class” have become de facto rulers, pulling strings from behind the scenes. Their modus operandi is to set up systems that depend on finite resources. If they get the rest of us to believe our society can not run with out said resources, then that resource becomes very valuable and those who control that particular essential resource become powerful. The biggest example of this is oil, which can clearly be seen by the number of wars fought over it. Sure, most of the time the politicians do not come right out and say the war is to protect the petrol-dollar (like with Iraq) or that we are going to war to protect the western ruling classes oil interest; and they certainly will not say that they manipulate the amount of oil in circulation to either rise or lower the prices to economically attract their enemies. Nevertheless, finite natural resources , most notably oil, have been weaponized… and the unusually low oil prices we are seeing today is a prime example of it
By now, most of you should have heard about the ridiculously low 46 cents per gallon gas that was sold in one town in Michigan. The extremely low prices were a result of a price war that a few gas stations got into trying to put the others out of business. These stations were able to lower prices this much because of the much lower prices we are seeing over the US right now (shown in the gasbuddy.com chart to the left).
Many of you will not see a problem with the data from the graph and think this is simply the ebb and flow of the market. However, the lower prices throughout America are actually because of a covert war going on between Saudi Arabia and a few of its adversaries– mainly Russia, Iran and Venezuela. The idea that a country would use oil as a form of economic warfare may seem far-fetched, however it has happened many times over the last century. This article written by Adam Topf from oilprices.com highlights two examples of Saudi Arabia using oil as a weapon in the past:
We don't have to look too far back in history to see Saudi Arabia, the world's largest oil exporter and producer, using the oil price to achieve its foreign policy objectives. In 1973, Egyptian President Anwar Sadat convinced Saudi King Faisal to cut production and raise prices, then to go as far as embargoing oil exports, all with the goal of punishing the United States for supporting Israel against the Arab states. It worked. The “oil price shock” quadrupled prices. It happened again in 1986, when Saudi Arabia-led OPEC allowed prices to drop precipitously, and then in 1990, when the Saudis sent prices plummeting as a way of taking out Russia, which was seen as a threat to their oil supremacy. In 1998, they succeeded. When the oil price was halved from $25 to $12, Russia defaulted on its debt.
The article goes on to discuss a theory that the current drastic price drops are a result of the United States and Saudi Arabia conspiring to lower the price to punish Russia for supporting President Assad of Syria. However, the evidence shows that the economic warfare being waged on Russia and its allies has everything to do with Syria but not because they backed Assad when the west and Saudi Arabia attempted to overthrow him.
So why would they want to go after these countries for allying with Syria then?
Well, Iran, Iraq and Syria, with the backing of Russia, signed a memorandum June 25, 2011 to start construction on what is known as the Iran-Iraq-Syria gas pipeline. This natural gas pipeline was going to start in Asaluyeh, Iran, the largest natural gas field in the world, and go through Iraq– eventually heading though Syria. Once there, they would be able to export it to Europe via boats or additional pipeline could be added to reach Europe directly.
Unsurprisingly, this was very bad news for Saudi Arabia, who has many different oil or natural gas pipeline proposals that the Iran-Iraq-Syria gas pipeline threaten. Moreover, the Russian backed pipeline directly threatened the proposed Qatar- Turkey natural gas pipeline, which would stretch some 2500 kilometers from Qatar to Turkey and would travel though SYRIA!
Remember, Saudi, and to a lesser extent the US, controlled the energy market for a very long time and simply can not give up that much of the market shares to Iran and Russia. Needless to say, this gives Saudi Arabia a lot of incentive to overthrow the Assad, who was clearly backing the Russia and Iran pipeline over theirs.
So, the ruling class of the west did what they always do when they need to get rid of an elected official or invade a country to protect their resources; they turned to their controlled media to disseminate propaganda against the Syrian President. This culminated with gas attacks blamed on the Assad regime. However, many independent journalist and investigators uncovered evidence showing that the true culprits were the western-backed rebels trying to overthrow Assad. Moreover, reading this 2012 article entitled Why Qatar wants to invade Syria, it becomes incredibly clear that this supposed “organic” uprising by the Syrian people is actually all about stopping the Iran-Iraq-Syria pipeline headed by Russia and Iran, a predominantly Shiite Muslim country.
Surprisingly, all the propaganda did not work this time and the American people did not back invading yet another country to protect the ruling classes interest. So they had to change gears to stop the pipeline.
Enter the economic warfare oil price gouging phase.
One thing is for sure, the Saudi's are using oil as a weapon to attack Russia, Venezuela and Iran. In fact, we are starting to see the same exact results as we did when they did this to Russia a in the 90's — Venezuela is reporting that their exported oil prices have been cut in half during the second half of 2014. And the Venezuelan President Maduro has not bitten his tongue on the situation, “Did you know there's an oil war? And the war has an objective: to destroy Russia,” he states. “It's a strategically planned war … also aimed at Venezuela, to try and destroy our revolution and cause an economic collapse,”
Additionally, if you look at the 18 month chart above you will see a drastic plunge right around the false flag gassing that failed to motivate the American people to want to invade Syria. When you add all these things together, their is no other logical explanation than Saudi is once again using oil as a economic weapon.
Currently, it seems the war has accelerated exponentially and we are seeing these drastically lower prices in the US. Sanctions were lifted on Iran allowing them to enter the oil market over the weekend and they did not waste time to flood the market with their oil as well. This economic war has worried many so-called “experts” who fear it will crash the oil market and cause a massive worldwide financial crisis.
So, how do we stop all this from happening?
First and foremost, we simply can not wait for the government because they are all bought and paid for by the ruling class. Stopping this would be counterproductive to their agenda.
So, what needs to happen is we need to inform people that oil is not needed. Simply put, it is archaic and there are far better options than oil in regards to making plastics as well as means to propel all transportation vehicles. For instance, Hemp can be used to make a completely biodegradable plastic. Henry Ford made a car entirely out of hemp fibers and it ran on hemp oil as well…. In the 1930's!!! Rudolf Diesel, the inventor of the diesel engine, originally designed his engines to run off of various different vegetable oils., including peanut oil. Recently, people have been converting their car's engine to be able to run off what is being called Biodiesel, which is a fancy way of saying vegetable oil.
Finally, my favorite alternative vehicle energy source to oil — WATER! That's right, inventor Stan Meyer was able to design a engine that could split the hydrogen molecules from the oxygen molecules then use the hydrogen to power the car. The best part was that the car (more like dune buggy) was able to cross the country on 22 gallons of water and it would run on any kind of water too! Sadly, Meyer would not see his patent to the oil industry who offered 1 billion dollars and he mysteriously died shortly after.
There are also forms of free energy devices that could potentially be used instead of oil. However, I am not going to get into that because it is much harder to prove they can work. Nevertheless, it is clear we do not need the finite resource called oil any longer; nor do we need the wars fought over it. The only way to achieve this is by giving people the knowledge that oil is obsolete. It is our duty to spread this knowledge to all who will listen. With enough push, this thing that some may think is a dream, can most certainly become a reality.
José Mourinho was quite right in questioning referee Michael Oliver's decision to dish out a second yellow card to Ander Herrera in the 35th minute. He had, after all, let almost all other incidents go without a caution, and would let most other incidents go without one the rest of the way as well. Despite the rather noticeable amount of fouls committed by United (14 were called), they collected only three yellow cards, and the only other player booked besides Ander Herrera was Ashley Young. How Marcos Rojo and Phil Jones, for example, escaped without a card is beyond me.
Of the 14 called fouls, no less than 6 were committed against Eden Hazard. United's gameplan was quite clear, with Mourinho resorting to hack-a-Hazard like so many other teams tried back when we still believed in the Second Mourinho Dynasty. While I don't have exact individual numbers, United committed 8 fouls in the first 35 minutes, until the sending off, then wouldn't commit another one until the 75th. The strategy was clear, the target obvious.
Fortunately for Chelsea, Michael Oliver decided to do something about it. It possibly could've been handled differently (a yellow for, say, Jones for one of his obvious yellow card-worthy fouls could have changed the flow of the game), but this way we get to talk about what “persistent fouling” means and how to apply it.
As is their habit, FIFA's Laws of the Game (and the associated guidelines) are maddeningly vague and leave lots of room for interpretation, judgement, and what they hope is common sense. For example, Law 12 simply states, under cautionable offenses: “persistent infringement of the Laws of the Game (no specific number or pattern of infringements constitutes “persistent”)”.
In their official guidelines, FIFA expands a bit on Law 12 to help interpret it for application. The relevant part about persistent infringement reads:
Referees should be alert at all times to players who persistently infringe the Laws. In particular, they must be aware that, even if a player commits a number of different offences, he must still be cautioned for persistently infringing the Laws. It is generally advisable, though not required, to warn a player that he is nearing the threshold level before actually applying the sanction of a caution. There is no specific number of infringements which constitutes “persistence” or the presence of a pattern — this is entirely a matter of judgement and must be determined in the context of effective game management. Referees should consider the following circumstances:
1. The length of time during which the fouls occur — spread out over 90 minutes of play may not be as serious as the same number committed over the space near of 15 minutes
2. The fouls themselves can be of various types (generally, those described in Law 12 but including as well repeated violations of Law 14)
3. Fouls to which advantage has been applied must be included in determining “persistence”
The obvious definition of persistent fouling is a defender committing multiple small fouls throughout the game (on various targets), and after (usually) receiving a warning, eventually getting booked. Think Ramires or even Oscar, or most of the best defensive midfielders. It is under this interpretation that the second Ander Herrera yellow looks harsh.
But the key passage of play was Oliver giving both Jones and United captain Chris Smalling a talking to just seconds prior, after yet another foul on Hazard. Oliver quite clearly figured out the gameplan and presumably called Smalling over to let him know, as the captain, that his team needed to stop with the constant fouls on Hazard or the yellows were going to start dropping.
Not 30 seconds later, Ander Herrera upends Hazard from behind, his challenge nowhere near the ball. Oliver did not hesitate for a second.
Soon, enterprising Twitterers and Redditors found a relevant guideline to help explain the referee's thinking — though it should be noted that in the clip above, the former Arsenal and West Ham midfielder Stewart Robson, who was doing the color commentary alongside Martin Tyler, caught on quite quickly to what was happening as well, leading me to believe that this is not entirely a foreign concept to football players.
The guideline comes from the US Soccer Federation's “Advice to Referees”, which is an official publication to help interpret FIFA's rules. While these obviously aren't FA or PGMOL publications, the laws of the game and the guidelines for applying the laws of the game should be universal. (That's part of the mandate of FIFA!)
So, the USSF's advice goes, in part (on page 55 in this PDF version):
12.28.3 PERSISTENT INFRINGEMENT
Persistent infringement occurs when a player repeatedly commits fouls or certain other infringements. It is not necessary for the multiple fouls to be of the same type or all to be direct free kick fouls, but infringements must be among those covered in Law 12 or involve repeated violations of Law 14. In most cases, the referee should warn the player that the pattern has been observed and, upon a subsequent violation, must then issue the caution. If the pattern is quickly and blatantly established, then the warning should be omitted and the referee should take immediate action. In determining whether there is persistent infringement, all fouls are considered, including those to which advantage has been applied.
So that's the interpretation we commonly operate under. Repeated fouls committed by one player, who is then cautioned at the referee's discretion.
But here's is where the advice gets interesting.
The referee must also recognize when a single opponent has become the target of fouls by multiple players. As above, upon recognizing the pattern, the referee should clearly indicate that the pattern has been observed and that further fouls against this opponent must cease. If another player commits a foul against the targeted opponent, that player must be cautioned but, in this case, the misconduct should be reported as unsporting behavior, as must any subsequent caution of any further foul against that same targeted opponent. Eventually, the team will get the message.
If this advice were in a textbook, they'd illustrate it with the first 35 minutes of the Monday's match. Oliver warned the team that he recognized the pattern of fouling and cautioned the very next player who took out the targeted opponent. Unfortunately for Mourinho's side, the player committing the foul already happened to be booked. To his credit, Oliver followed through on his threat/promise.
His decisions may not have been approved by most, but at least he was consistent in not dishing out yellow cards and following through in the one instance he actually drew a line in the sand.
Craig Strickland, lead singer of the country-rock band Backroad Anthem who was reported missing on Dec. 27 after going on a duck hunt, has been found dead in Oklahoma, officials and his wife said Monday.
Craig Strickland, lead singer of the country-rock band Backroad Anthem who was reported missing on Dec. 27 after going on a duck hunt, has been found dead in Oklahoma, officials and his wife said Monday.
"He is safe with his Father in Heaven," his wife, Helen Strickland, tweeted.
The body of the 29-year-old singer was found by Kaw Lake in northern Oklahoma in an area known as Bear Creek Cove, according to the Oklahoma Highway Patrol.
Strickland, of Springdale, had gone duck hunting with his friend, Chase Morland of Van Buren, despite the severe winter storm that hit the Midwest, officials said. Their capsized boat was found on Dec. 28, and Morland's body was found the same day.
More than 30 people have died in the Midwest following days of downpours that pushed the Mississippi and smaller rivers over their banks in several states during the holiday period.
Jack Brait posed for a portrait with his completed Ravensburger Puzzle at his home in Marshfield.
MARSHFIELD — In April of 2014, a teenage boy in Marshfield named Jack Brait completed the world's largest jigsaw puzzle, which contained 32,256 pieces, weighed 42 pounds, and came with its own hand trolley.
Brait, who has autism, had always been exceptionally good at solving jigsaw puzzles and was forever gluing them up to give as gifts to his teachers and therapists. To make them more interesting, he would have his parents time him while he did them.
It took him 20 months to finish the puzzle, which featured images by the artist Keith Haring, and his parents mounted the 17-foot record-maker on a wall in their basement, the only place it would fit. With the “World's Biggest Puzzle” officially accomplished, Brait declared himself retired and moved on to other interests — such as skiing, Academy Awards trivia, and teaching himself to do 2-D animation.
Advertisement
Then, this year, the German puzzle maker Ravensburger came out with an even bigger puzzle. This one had 40,320 pieces and, when done, would measure 6½ feet by 22½ feet. Brait couldn't resist.
Get Metro Headlines in your inbox: The 10 top local news stories from metro Boston and around New England delivered daily. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
This time, though, he wasn't just going to put it together. He was going to do it faster than anyone.
The $600 puzzle was ordered, and, on Aug. 17, Brait poured out the first bag of pieces on two tables pulled together in his room and started the timer on his iPhone.
The puzzle is composed of 10 classic Disney scenes — one of Brait's favorite things — and each scene is bundled in bags of roughly 4,000 pieces. Brait began with a depiction from “The Jungle Book,” which is his favorite. The first pieces he assembled were of Mowgli sitting on the belly of the bear Baloo.
Brait, who is now 20 and works at Road to Responsibility, an organization for adults with disabilities, worked on the puzzle for an average of five hours each day, and he found the time was soothing. “It makes me feel calm and tired,” he said.
Advertisement
In 10 days, he had finished “The Jungle Book” and chugged on to the second panel, moving as fast as he could, and he is very fast. He pushed through “Peter Pan” and “Bambi” (his fastest section, at just 28 hours), “Fantasia” and “The Lion King,” until he arrived at his last panel, “The Little Mermaid.”
On Nov. 5, 80 days and 423 hours after he began, he began to count down (or up) to the last piece.
“40,316, 40,317, 40,318,” he said, as he rapidly rotated and snapped the final pieces into the giant mural. “40,319, 40,320!”
And then, once again, he retired from puzzles.
The Ravensburger Disney puzzle now sits on a massive, custom-built wooden frame in the Braits' basement, held up by a pool table and several sawhorses. They're waiting for a giant pane of glass to come before they brush it with a gallon-and-a-half of glue and mount it on the wall where the old puzzle used to be. That one has been installed in a corridor at Brait's former middle school.
Advertisement
The new puzzle will just barely fit on the wall at their house. “If they get any bigger, I'll need a bigger house,” said his mother, Michele.
‘People in the world could have many different talents, and this one is mine.' — Jack Brait, Marshfield resident who completed a 40,320-piece jigsaw puzzle in what is believed to be record time
And, of course, they already have gotten bigger. There is now a 48,000-piece puzzle made by a company in England, and talk that Ravensburger is coming out with something even larger. (There is also a puzzle with more than half a million pieces that was solved by a group of 1,600 students in Vietnam, but it is not for sale; it was created solely to break the Guinness World Record.)
But for the moment, Jack Brait remains happily retired, relishing his latest accomplishment. He has hunted the Internet and contacted Ravensburger for anyone who has finished faster. So far, the closest contender he can find is a Danish woman who did it in 460 hours, 37 hours more than Brait's time. He believes he is also the first American, as well as the youngest, and the first person to complete both the Haring and Disney puzzles.
He beams when he repeats these facts to people; he shared them with the Globe — through the Globe Spotlight tip hot line — because he'd seen the movie “Spotlight,” which, he can quickly tell you, won the Academy Award for Best Picture and Best Original Screenplay in 2016. (He makes it a mission to see every nominee before Oscar night, and a favorite trick of his is to ask people the year they were born and then tell them the winners in every category.)
His future goal, he says, is to win an Oscar for Best Animated Short.
But for now, as he stands in front of the absolutely massive expanse of 40,320 puzzle pieces snapped together, he runs his hand over it and says he likes the way it feels when it is done.
“People in the world could have many different talents,” he said, “and this one is mine.”
CRAIG F. WALKER/GLOBE STAFF Brait, with the completed 22½-foot-long puzzle of Disney animated movies.
Billy Baker can be reached at billybaker@globe.com . Follow him on Twitter @billy_baker
Vidya Nair's two young children were on a bike ride in their Ashburn neighborhood with their grandparents when they first noticed the words scrawled in black marker on a public trail sign.
“No Hindus,” the message said, in lopsided letters.
Since July, five similar incidents of vandalism in Ashburn's Brambleton community have been reported to authorities and the Brambleton homeowner's association. The Loudoun County Sheriff's Office is investigating the cases, and the homeowner's association announced a $500 reward this week to help identify those responsible for the graffiti.
Nair, who is Hindu, said she was surprised and saddened to see such a disparaging message in her community.
“I've been in this country for 14 years, and never once have I seen something like this or been exposed to something like this,” Nair said. “Loudoun . . . is so diverse. You don't expect to see it here.”
Most of the reported cases involved similar messages — “No Hindus allowed” or “No Hindus, by order of Mosby's Rangers” — written in black sharpie on neighborhood trail signs in the Brambleton community, authorities said. In the most recent case, a concrete barrier was spray-painted near Forest Manor Drive earlier this month, according to the sheriff's office.
Liz Mills, spokeswoman for the sheriff's office, said the cases remain under investigation. Authorities were not certain of the meaning behind the “Mosby's Rangers” reference in this context, she noted. The name generally refers to a rebel Confederate battalion led by Col. John S. Mosby during the Civil War.
Nair, 36, said her primary concern was the impact of the vandalism on children in the community.
“I don't want them to experience something like this,” she said. “My kids are pretty young — 8 and 10 — and they found it odd that somebody would say that. I told them that most likely, whoever wrote it they don't really know what Hinduism is about.”
But the community's response was immediate and supportive, Nair added. When she posted photos of the defaced signs on her Facebook page, comments poured in from people who shared her concern.
“Everyone kept saying this shouldn't have happened,” she said. “Some people volunteered to go scrub it off.”
Richard Stone, the general manager of the Brambleton Community Association, said the association first thought the vandalism was the work of a trouble-making teen. But when the cases continued to be reported, the community heightened its response.
“We thought it was just an isolated incident back in July — a kid having fun or something,” he said. “But then it continued, and that's when we stepped up our actions as far as the reward. . . . This is not something that we are going to tolerate.”
After the first occurrence of vandalism in July, four more reports followed in August and September, authorities said.
With the community on a heightened alert, Stone said, the incidents were being quickly reported and the graffiti swiftly removed.
Nair said she was heartened to see her neighbors take the vandalism so seriously.
“The response from everyone has been so supportive, and that's really great to see,” she said.
Anyone with any information about the vandalism is asked to contact Deputy First Class R. Ortutay at 571-246-4156 or via e-mail at roy.ortutay@loudoun.gov. Callers wishing to remain anonymous are asked to call Loudoun Crime Solvers at 703-777-1919.
CONTROVERSIAL noise restrictions on the performance of live music in the Capital are to be relaxed.
The city's licensing board decided by six votes to two that the current requirement that music must be “inaudible” in neighbouring properties should be dropped.
Instead, the policy on noise will say that amplified music should not be an “audible nuisance” in neighbouring homes.
Labour councillor Norma Austin Hart, convener of the Music is Audible working group, welcomed the change as “a fairer and more balanced licensing policy for a city like Edinburgh”.
She said the new policy would give venues more confidence to put on live concerts.
And she said it was wrong to assume the decision would mean music being played more loudly. She said: “The current policy is failing because it is unenforceable. This will give residents a clearer set of criteria.”
Promoters, bands and venue managers had argued the current restrictions made Edinburgh one of the hardest cities in the world in which to stage events.
And all but 25 of the 526 people who responded to an official consultation supported the relaxation.
But community groups and the police said a change of policy would lead to a surge in complaints.
A statement from the “Music is Audible” group, which was set up two years ago to try to tacakle long-standing complaints about the impact of the rules, said: “Making this, ultimately small, change shows common sense and a willingness to recognise the contribution that grassroots music makes to the life of this great city of culture. Music is Audible recognises the importance of a balance between the needs of the music community and residents across the board and looks forward to fruitful engagement with all of the city's key stakeholders to ensure that Edinburgh remains a vibrant and inclusive place to live, work and create.”
Almost half of Edinburgh's musicians say they have suffered problems as a result of the council's noise policies, according to a recent Edinburgh University-backed survey. It found that live music events were worth around £40 million a year to the city's economy.
Edinburgh-based music tourism expert Olaf Furniss said: “This decision is an acknowledgement that there are for more disturbing things than a bit of music, in particular the Tattoo fireworks and drunken hoards coming out of super-pubs shouting the odds in the middle of the night.”
Councillors put off a decision on the change last month so they could hold a full hearing on the proposed change and allow community groups and others to have their say.
The New Town and Broughton community council claimed residents often felt they lived “under siege” from an ­ever-increasing number of pubs, restaurants and leisure facilities and ever-extending hours of operation.
Southside community council said there was no confidence in the present system and claimed enforcement was not effective when noise problems arose.
And the Grassmarket Residents Association argued the right of residents to a peaceful night's sleep should take precedence over a desire to encourage tourists.
But supporters of the change said out of around 11,000 complaints made to the city council each year, 213 related to entertainment noise from licensed premises and just 64 of these involved live music at 18 venues.
Green councillor Chas Booth, who voted for the change, said: “The representatives from the music community made a strong case that the current noise condition is having a negative impact on music and musicians in the city.”
But he said he was disappointed the board had not accepted his proposals which would have spelled out in more detail what constituted a nuisance, promised strong action when a nuisance was established and ensured a review of the policy after 18 months.
Six community councils and a range of other organisations including Scottish Licensed Trade Association presented their views at yesterday's meeting of the board.
ian.swanson@edinburghnews.com
The four Republican presidential hopefuls are simultaneously frantic, energized and poised to prepare for the worst and hope for the best. Cable news channels are ramping up coverage like it's New Year's Eve. Or Halloween. Meanwhile, here's where each candidate will be when the Super Tuesday results emerge: Boston (former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney), Steubenville, Ohio (former Sen. Rick Santorum of Pennsylvania); Atlanta (former House Speaker Newt Gingrich of Georgia); and Fargo, N.D. (Rep. Ron Paul of Texas).
And naturally, entrepreneurial mixologists around the nation have concocted Super Tuesday cocktails, happy hours and viewing parties, often involving martinis, margaritas or Jell-O shots patriotically tinted with blue Curacao or red Grenadine.
Then there's the Topaz Bar, a mere six blocks from the White House, which is offering campaign cocktails to honor all four Republican candidates. There's the Romney Float (Old Dominion root beer with whipped cream and caramel drizzle, though there is an alcohol option: a shot of Root organic liqueur).
There's also Rick's Tea Party (green tea infused Absolut vodka, Benedictine liqueur, lemon juice and simple syrup); Ron's PBR (a can of Pabst Blue Ribbon) and Gin-grich and Tonic (Bluecoat American dry gin and Fentimans tonic water topped off with Leopold Bros. peach liqueur).
THE MANY PAULITES
“Latter Day Saints for Ron Paul” is one of the 32 “coalitions” who now swear allegiance to Rep. Ron Paul in the 2012 race. It gets a little personal, though: Ty, Travis, Jared, Chad and Troy Romney — all outspoken relatives of Mitt Romney — publicly endorsed Mr. Paul on Monday.
Meanwhile, his other organized support groups include Jews, Protestants, evangelicals, gun owners, home-schoolers, hospitality workers, veterans, doctors, bikers, bloggers, foreign policy analysts, “blue Republicans” and doctors — who all designate their groups with the signature “For Ron Paul” ending.
RUSH ALONG
“Don't worry, folks. Advertisers who don't want your business will be replaced,” Rush Limbaugh to his radio audience on Monday, after losing on-air advertising over his untoward remarks about Georgetown University law student Sandra Fluke, to whom he has apologized.
“This show is about you. It's not about the advertisers,” Mr. Limbaugh said, adding a second mea culpa: “I should not have used the language I did about Sandra Fluke. It was wrong and, despite all the theories, my apology to her was for simply using inappropriate words.”
Ms. Fluke assessed the situation Monday on ABC's “The View,” telling her hosts, “I don't think a statement like this, issued saying that his choice of words was not the best, changes anything. Especially when that statement is issued when he's under significant pressure from his sponsors, who have begun to pull their support from the show.”
FRIENDLY PERSUASION
Mitt Romney has the most Facebook prowess as Super Tuesday looms, according to an analytical group that measured activity at all the Republican presidential hopeful's sites. By the numbers, Mr. Romney drew has more Facebook friends, posts, and interaction than his rivals, with Rick Santorum in second place, followed by Ron Paul and Newt Gingrich.
“The findings show a correlation between social performance with events such as Romney's win in Florida, Santorum's caucus success and Romney's win in both Michigan and Arizona,” says Socialbakers, a California-based “social media statistics portal.”
The group also tallied what online posts got the most measurable buzz in the past month. They are:
“President Obama says he is learning. The presidency is not the place to learn how to lead. It is a place to exercise the judgment and leadership that has been learned over a lifetime.” (Mr. Romney, on Feb. 15)
“It's not about contraception; it's about economic liberty, it's about freedom of speech, it's about freedom of religion. It's about government control of your lives and it's got to stop.” (Mr. Santorum, on Feb. 20)
“We had an incredible turnout of 4,000 at Michigan State University today! Freedom really is popular!” (Mr. Paul, on Feb. 27)
“It is an outrage that President Obama is the one apologizing to Afghan President Karzai on the same day two American troops were murdered and four others injured by an Afghan soldier. It's Hamid Karzai who owes the American people an apology, not the other way around.” (Mr. Gingrich, on Feb. 23)
UPROOTING OVERSTAY
Before he was apprehended last month, would-be terrorist Amine el-Khalifi planned a suicide attack on the U.S. Capitol building and was living in suburban Virginia on a visa that had expired in 1999. Inquiring minds want to know: How can that happen?
The Homeland Security subcommittee on border and maritime security hopes for insight Tuesday during “From the 9/11 Hijackers to Amine el-Khalifi: Terrorists and the Visa Overstay Problem,” a hearing that examines the problem, and how the Department of Homeland Security can remedy it.
“Since 9/11, our border security efforts have been focused on securing our borders. However, more than 40 percent of all illegal aliens do not sneak across the border, they come in through the front door and never leave,” observes Rep. Candice S. Miller, Michigan Republican and the subcommittee chairwoman.
POLL DU JOUR
• 51 percent of Americans say “learning more about the GOP candidates” has not influenced their impression of President Obama.
• 50 percent of Republicans, 46 percent of Democrats and 62 percent of independents agree.
• 23 percent overall say information about the Republicans has given them a “better” impression of Mr. Obama.
• 3 percent of Republicans, 49 percent of Democrats and 17 percent of independents agree.
• 21 percent overall say the information gives them a “worse” impression of Mr. Obama.
• 43 percent of Republicans, 4 percent of Democrats and 17 percent of independents agree.
Source: A Pew Research Center for the People & the Press/Washington Post survey of 1,009 adults conducted March 1 to 4. See complete numbers here: www.people-press.org.
• Accolades, complaints, uproar to jharper@washingtontimes.com.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Let's clear something up right at the start. I understand that the average progressive might look at a title such as this published at a site like Hot Air, and coming from this particular author such an offering might elicit a rather skeptical reaction. But the fact is that you and I have more in common than you might think, and we face many of the same problems in dealing with the American political machine. Chief among This is who you will put forward as a field of candidates for the 2016 presidential election. But I don't ask you to simply take my say in these matters at face value. I don't have the standing for that. Rather, I would present – at every turn – some sympathetic souls from your own ranks. Chief among them is Noam Scheiber (Scheiber!), who published a lengthy opus earlier this fall on precisely why committed progressives should be looking to progressive champions like Elizabeth Warren in the coming battle for the White House rather than Hillary Clinton.
The editorial is too long, with far too many specific points, to select a pithy quote here. Suffice it to say that if you haven't read it, rather than trusting to the judgement of someone speaking from the other side of the aisle you should go now and read it in its entirety. Now, one of the first reactions you might have is to note that Senator Warren has already stated without reservation that she will not be challenging your presumptive nominee in the next presidential election. That much is true. But what is also equally obvious is that Scheiber raises some undeniable truths which the progressive movement can ill afford to ignore. You are approaching the end of an eight year span with a president from your own party who has been far too accommodating in attempts at compromising with us and who has been more than willing to lay some of your most cherished sacred cows on the slaughter table in the interest of cutting a deal. Believe me… we've dealt with the same thing. And now you're looking at another race where your assumed front-runner candidate is offering yet another term of that same song and dance all over again.
You deserve better. And if you don't seize the initiative now, when will the moment be ripe?
Barack Obama has been milquetoast at best on many of your most dearly held issues, and failed spectacularly on some of the others where he appeared to take your side. Hillary Clinton promises more of the same agenda of compromise in the interest of winning the election. But there are burning subjects of pressing national interest where other leaders can support the real change you desire. Who they may be must be left up to you, but I think we all know that they are out there.
One writer at Daily KOS encapsulated this idea perfectly in November – when Warren was still a hot topic for POTUS possibilities – saying that Democrats should not be fighting each other for a handful of crumbs. In that piece, the author talked about Social Security and other great society entitlement programs. You know where we're going on these issues. Do you want to settle for raffling off bits and pieces in the name of business as usual, or do you want someone who will expand these programs exponentially to take care of everyone?
How about the minimum wage? We're fighting against any increase in it. But you have speakers who are pushing to at least double it and give everyone a massive pay increase. Will any of your current choices go to the mat for that? But even raising the minimum wage doesn't satisfy the need to achieve real income equality. There is a thirst among many influential progressive speakers to really level the playing field and mandate a cap on the pay of CEOs and other fat cats, bringing their wages to the level of those who do the real work. That's nowhere to be seen in the current DNC agenda.
And for that matter, what of those without an income? Other nations have paved the way for an assured income for even those who do not work. The demand exists and surely a candidate can be found to take the debate stage with your pre-approved candidates and make this case.
You have a sitting, senior Senator who has long called for the real treatment you'd like to see for the Big Oil barons. The government could simply seize their assets and nationalize the energy industry, allocating their massive profits to the people. Going one step further, he's also ready to nationalize the greedy, corrupt banking industry. This is not the time to deny that you see this as a desirable solution. You have a deep bench supporting these plans and any of them could take the field for the POTUS nomination.
How about guns? You know where we stand on this, as well as where our candidate will stand. We want a chicken in every pot, two pickup trucks in every garage and a gun rack in each of them. It's been over a year since Sandy Hook for Pete's sake! Your president failed to even get a luke-warm background check bill passed. Surely you've considered the possibility that this fell flat because it simply failed to go far enough. You have plenty of support among your base for a program to flat out ban all guns for the populace (except possibly the muzzle loaders the Founders intended us to have) and keep the real, high tech weapons of war only in the hands of the police and the military. Hillary Clinton spent a fair part of 2008 touting her experience with guns and hunting just to win over those with whom you disagree. Don't tell me that a Democratic presidential candidate can't be found who espouses real progressive values on this subject.
And what of the shoddy treatment the unions have seen at the hands of our party? Out in Seattle there is a brave young woman who has not only supported victory for the workers, but shone a path for how they could take over the capitalist assets by force if employers don't agree to their terms. Can you sit by and nominate yet another “business as usual” DINO with the eyes of these progressives upon you?
We need a real debate in 2016, but thus far it looks like you're ready to put up more of the same vanilla, compromising drivel. I don't know who we're going to nominate in the next presidential race at this point. It could be anyone from Chris Christie or Paul Ryan to Ted Cruz or Sarah Palin. But whoever it is, you can rest assured that they will be fighting hard for the near polar opposite of each and every one of these points. Are you going to settle for half a loaf and the crumbs of Real Change that you've gotten since January of 2009? Or will you put forward a real progressive to enact the agenda that you all claim to desire in order to save the country once and for all? You need a slate of serious candidates, not just the rubber stamp of Hillary Clinton and another cycle of the same, tired story of compromise.
The nation deserves this debate. You can do better. And you should.
“I am a firm believer in the people. If given the truth, they can be depended upon to meet any national crisis. The great point is to bring them the real facts, and beer.”
– Abraham Lincoln
“Ah, beer. The cause of and the solution to all of life's problems.”
– Homer Simpson
The consensus among great minds is clear, beer is good! Seriously though, beer is an important part of many global cultures. Ask any ecologist worth their salt and they will tell you that many great ideas and research questions have been born out of conversations they had with other ecologist while sharing beers. Everyone has a favorite style whether it's an IPA, porter, lager, or sour but few appreciate the complex environment needed to cultivate those beloved favors.
So what do I mean by beer ecology and biogeography? Simply, beer ecology is how the organism (in this case, yeast) interacts with its environment (water, hops, and malts). The biogeography of beer is where it comes from and why beer is different all over the world. Welcome to zymology 101!
At the base of what makes beer unique is yeast. Just like any other living organism it thrives in a given set of conditions unique to where it has evolved. These conditions influence the types of strains of yeast that are found around the world. While there are many different strains of cultivated and wild yeast the two genera most commonly used are Saccharomyces and Brettanomyces. Saccharomyces cerevisiae is used to make ales and Saccharomyces pastorianus is used to make lagers. Brettanomyces bruxellensis is a wild yeast famously used in Belgian beers to give them unique character.
Of course, yeast is responsible for the effervescence qualities of beer. We may all know by now that the by-products of yeast consuming sugars (AKA-fermentation) are ethanol and carbon dioxide but did you know about the other by-products like phenols and esters? Phenols are typically the clove or banana flavors found in beer while esters produce a more fruity taste. While some styles rely on these by-products, in other styles it is seen as a flaw. Yeast isn't the only microorganism that lends favor to beer. There are bacteria like Lactobacillus and Pediococcus that are used to create the sour or lambic style of beer.
Just as important of a player than yeast is water. If you travel, you know that water is different everywhere you go. This is because the pH, mineral content, and purity of water differ depending on the water source, these combinations of factors heavily influences the style of beer. Take for example a pilsner, which is light in color and body, and has a nice, crisp, hoppy flavor with that of a porter or stout, which is dark in both color and taste, with a rich malty flavor. While hops and malts are major players, to say they are solely responsible would be dead wrong. The pilsner style comes from the Czech Republic where the water is soft and has low amounts of bicarbonate, which lends itself to this style. In Ireland the water is hard with high amounts of bicarbonate and calcium, which lends itself to stouts.
Last but certainly not least are hops and malts. Both come from plants, hops are the female flowers from the vines of Humulus lupulus and malts are the partially germinated seeds from grasses such as barley, wheat or rye (typically referred as cereal grains). Both plants are found throughout the world and there are many different species of both. Hops provide the bittering, flavor, and aroma depending on the variety. Malts provide the color and flavor which are dependent on the type of grain used and the amount that grain has been kilned (lighter beers need lightly kiln toasted grains and dark beers heavily kiln toasted). The starches found in the grain need to be heated during the brewing process in order to break the starches into sugars for the yeast to eat. In ecological terms you can think of the yeast as the organism reacting to the abiotic environment of water and the biotic environment of malt's sugar and hops bittering.
The biogeography portion is the most crucial part to beer and all the different styles that exist today. The conditions where yeast, hops, and cereal grains are grown along with the water source are why so there are so many distinct styles of beer. Each region has its own microhabitat and climatic conditions that dictate taste and flavor of each organism as well as the preference of the culture or country brewing the beer. It would take a while to list what makes every beer style unique so for the sake of brevity let's look at one style to see how all these factor come together.
Pilsner
Lager Yeast-Saccharomyces pastorianus (used because beer was stored in caves and this strain can still ferment in temperatures found in cave ~55°F)
Water-soft with a low pH (remember where this style came from?)
Malt-a lightly toasted barley malt
Hops-a variety know as Saaz (native to the Czech Republic. Has a very mild, earthy, herbal and spicy characteristic found in pilsner styles)
So as you kick off your unofficial start to summer this Memorial Day weekend go and enjoy a beer with a greater appreciation for humanity's most beloved drink.
Finally, a Mormon documentary for the rest of us.
Hailed by the creator of the am an Ex Mormon video series as “my favorite video about Mormonism I have ever seen.”
Part 1: Mitt Romney
Part 2: Mormons
Part 3: Exmormons
Part 4: Prophets
Part 5: Park
Part 6: Pundits
After I get done watching, it'll be interesting to compare and contrast John Sweeney's approach with that of Helen Whitney in her earlier PBS documentary The Mormons.
Come to think of it, I'm also going to revisit that France 24 report from a few weeks back:
Exmos popping up everywhere these days, even in Provo, with French cameras rolling!
Oh, and others are discussing Sweeney's documentary here and I particularly liked the comment over there that begins:
EU referendum: locked in the narrative 24/04/2015
Follow @eureferendum
Tesco has reported a £6.4bn pre-tax loss, the biggest loss in high street history and the sixth worst loss for any UK company. And now the true scale of years of mismanagement has been laid bare, says the
Yet John Allan, the new chairman of the self-same company
Perhaps though Mr Allan should, quite literally, mind his own business. And when, perhaps, he has got his own house in order, he might still reflect that politics are the business of politicians and grocers should concentrate on, er … selling groceries.
Yet Mr Allan is only one in a long line of businessmen who believe themselves equipped to comment on our relationship with the EU. Another is
This man is nothing if not predictable, being given a platform by the BBC Today programme to "warn" that in leaving Europe, Britain risks "cutting itself off from Europe and struggling to attract foreign investment".
He added the discussions about the possibility of a referendum had caused "ripple effects around the world" and required him to offer assurances the UK has not left the EU during a visit to China.
All of this, of course, is classic Europhile disinformation, but it has been all too common in the run-up to this election. But what we are not getting from our "side" is any determined effort to neutralise this tactic – and there is no sign that the media are in the market for any correctives.
That seems to me to be the real problem. On the one hand, the media have their narrative and are incapable of stepping outside it while, on the other, there is no alternative narrative being offered as a counter.
Meanwhile, support for Ukip, continues to ComRes poll (down two).
At least, since the party isn't making the running on the EU, it isn't reaping any rewards either. And that might be taken as a signal: a weak campaign does not Tesco has reported a £6.4bn pre-tax loss, the biggest loss in high street history and the sixth worst loss for any UK company. And now the true scale of years of mismanagement has been laid bare, says the Independent Yet John Allan, the new chairman of the self-same company now sees fit to criticise David Cameron's pledge to hold an EU referendum as "the cart very firmly before the horse". He claims that the prospect is causing uncertainty for investors, and this represents a "heavy pebble" placed in the scales of the British economy.Perhaps though Mr Allan should, quite literally, mind his own business. And when, perhaps, he has got his own house in order, he might still reflect that politics are the business of politicians and grocers should concentrate on, er … selling groceries.Yet Mr Allan is only one in a long line of businessmen who believe themselves equipped to comment on our relationship with the EU. Another is George Gillespie , chief executive of automotive firm MIRA.This man is nothing if not predictable, being given a platform by the BBCprogramme to "warn" that in leaving Europe, Britain risks "cutting itself off from Europe and struggling to attract foreign investment".He added the discussions about the possibility of a referendum had caused "ripple effects around the world" and required him to offer assurances the UK has not left the EU during a visit to China.All of this, of course, is classic Europhile disinformation, but it has been all too common in the run-up to this election. But what we are not getting from our "side" is any determined effort to neutralise this tactic – and there is no sign that the media are in the market for any correctives.That seems to me to be the real problem. On the one hand, the media have their narrative and are incapable of stepping outside it while, on the other, there is no alternative narrative being offered as a counter.Meanwhile, support for Ukip, continues to drain away , dropping to ten points on the latestpoll (down two).At least, since the party isn't making the running on the EU, it isn't reaping any rewards either. And that might be taken as a signal: a weak campaign does not garner support . This is a lesson the anti-EU movement as a whole is going to have to learn.
DAVID SIKES/CALLER-TIMES Fort Worth angler Scott Brewer wrestles with a hefty snapper aboard the Gulf Eagle out of Deep Sea Headquarters.
SHARE DAVID SIKES/CALLER-TIMES Here is what 27 limits of red snapper looks like, along with 33 kingfish. DAVID SIKES/CALLER-TIMES Dusty Scoggins and his son, Wyatt, 6, both of Lorena with their first snapper of the morning. DAVID SIKES/CALLER-TIMES Jeff Wilson slings a pair of nice red snapper into one of the Gulf Eagle's ice chests. It took 27 anglers less than two hours to catch their limits of snapper, which weighed roughly 8-12 pounds each. DAVID SIKES/CALLER-TIMES Matthew Strawser of San Antonio stands back to watch a deckhand use a gaff to bring in his snapper. That's Corpus Christi fisherman Frank James in the background.
PORT ARANSAS — You have until July 16 to catch red snapper in federal waters, but only if you're fishing from a charter or party boat.
And the catching is easy, as the population continues to rebound.
The charter season, which involves fishing from any boat holding a federal reef-fishing permit, is 46 days this year. Local charter outfits and their customers are enjoying the extended opportunity, while the season has ended for anglers in private boats. Their season within the more snapper-abundant federal waters lasted 11 days.
These separate regulations were established by a rule change known as sector separation, which allowed the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration to split the gulf-wide recreational allocation of snapper between private-boat anglers and anglers who use charter or party boats to access the fishery.
The rule change was requested by a coalition of charter outfits in Texas, Louisiana, Florida, Alabama and Mississippi. The rationale behind the request stems from a federal regulation that disallows anglers on for-hire vessels with a federal reef-fishing permit from fishing for snapper in state waters outside of the federal season.
For example, Texas recreational anglers who fish from private vessels may target red snapper 365 days a year in state waters, which extend nine nautical miles offshore. The daily snapper limit for Texas is four fish that measure at least 15 inches long. The federal red snapper bag limit is two fish with a 16-inch minimum length.
Because anglers aboard charter vessels may not take advantage of state seasons, for years they were restricted to targeting snapper only within the brief federal season. Each gulf state has opened up their state waters for private-boat snapper fishing during various time periods outside of the federal season.
Federal fisheries managers say snapper harvested during state seasons cuts into the gulf-wide snapper allocation set by NOAA, thus shortening the federally-mandated season for waters farther offshore.
These rules are forced to be in place by an act of Congress generally referred to as the Magnuson-Stevens Act, which is a law aimed at curbing overfishing and meant to rebuild depleted stocks such as snapper to a certain mandated level. Magnuson-Stevens Ac
For the sake of simplicity here is the gist of a very contentious debate: Many folks believe the red snapper population has reached or exceeded rebuilt status, while NOAA scientists disagree, saying the stock is nowhere near, but closing in on, its historic abundance.
In the nerdy world of fisheries management, it's all about reaching a sustainable level by balancing productivity with harvest. The optimum dynamic to shoot for would be to allow enough snapper to reach reproductive maturity so each adds to the population before being removed.
An overfished species such as red snapper is considered rebuilt when the population reaches a level that will allow the fish to be harvested continuously while the numbers maintain a sustainable level. In other words, optimum sustainability is reached when we remove about as much fish as the population can replace.
For red snapper, federal fisheries managers say the population has rebounded to about 63 percent of its ideal spawning population. If this is accurate, the spawning population should reach it optimum level by or before 2032.
Responsible anglers can help their own conservation cause by avoiding spots where undersized snapper concentrate. Unlike bay fishing where we might catch and release a dozen small trout before hooking a keeper, this practice is really not a good idea in the gulf where many release fish die when they rise too quickly from deepwater.
I applaud Capt. Kevin Haller on the Gulf Eagle out of Deep Sea Headquarters for announcing at our first stop Monday there would be no culling on his boat. Culling is the practice of releasing a stunned and bloated legal-size fish — this amounts to hand feeding sharks and dolphins — just to add a pound or two to your stringer. Basically this involves killing two or snapper for each fish kept.
Within two hours I watched 27 anglers catch 54 snapper. I did not see a single undersized fish. Nearly every one weighed 8-12 pounds, which are what I refer to as teenagers. Red snapper can live for more than 50 years and grow to about 50 pounds.
Ten or 15 years ago, anglers routinely celebrated catching a snapper that weighed 20-25 pounds or more. These mature fish were referred to as sows for their trophy quality. Today, the measure of a sow has been reduced to 15-18 pounds and rarely are bigger fish landed around here.
Mostly young fish, generally 5-8 years old, are being brought to the Port Aransas docks this season, according to Ken Jones, the federal data collector I spoke with at the dock Monday. Bigger fish produce more eggs. Jones was there to weigh and measure most of our snapper for the record. My two fish weighed 26 pounds combined, according to the fish-cleaning lady at Deep Sea Headquarters.
To many folks, this level of snapper success tells them the feds should dramatically relax harvest restrictions on red snapper. To me, it says NOAA's science-based regulatory measures are working to return snapper stocks to historic levels. If we stay the course, we will be rewarded with abundant stocks of mature fish, along with snapper distributed among all age classes as nature intended.
But we are not a patient lot. And because it is popular to reject, despise or distrust the feds, there have been several attempts at mutiny during the past few years in addition to defying the rules by expanding state-water harvests. Most of the organized insurgence involves attempts to remove commercial and recreational snapper management from federal authority and place it in the hands of the five gulf states.
Last year, U.S. Rep. Garret Graves of Louisiana proposed a bill that would accomplish this. It got nowhere. So he proposed it again this year. House Bill 3094 was debated in the House Natural Resources Committee and survived, with one key omission.
It lacks any provision for federal funding to help states manage and enforce the fishery 200 miles into the gulf. This would amount to an unfunded mandate, which ironically is something I assume many proponents of this kind of measure hate about federal authority. And the legislation thus far has no complimentary Senate bill, which it would need to become law.
In a somewhat surprising and embarrassing twist, the new secretary of the Louisiana Department of Wildlife and Fisheries this week came out against the Graves bill, which has 23 co-sponsors and about the same number of lawmakers so far who have expressed opposition, according to the Gulf of Mexico Reef Fish Shareholders' Alliance, a group of commercial fisherman and industry professionals.
"Without federal funding, Louisiana could potentially lack the proper resources to manage the red snapper fishery. (The law) would not be a viable option for the Louisiana Department of Wildlife and Fisheries," wrote LDWF Secretary Charlie Melancon. "It would be fiscally irresponsible for the Department to support any mandate that would result in an unknown amount of fiscal burden placed on the State of Louisiana for the management of a single species of fish."
If this proposal becomes law, the five gulf states would divide the recreational and commercial snapper quota among themselves and track their own harvest numbers. Previous proposals based the state allocations on harvest history, but the five states could decide together to dole out percentages based on shoreline length or some other measure of effort. No doubt, Florida would get a large share either way. But based on inadequate harvest records, Texas could be shortchanged and disappointed with its share.
Despite the unknowns, Texas Parks & Wildlife's Robin Riechers, director of Coastal Fisheries, said he supports the transfer of federal authority to the states. He believes the states are better equipped and capable of a management approach that will benefit the resource in the long run.
Mississippi's chief scientific officer for the Department of Marine Resources also supports the bill. The relatively small coastlines of Mississippi and Alabama most likely would inflict less of a funding burden compared to other states.
"It is our current opinion that the (Mississippi Department of Marine Resources) could absorb the cost associated with the management," said the department's Kelly Lucas.
Chris Blankenship, director of the Alabama Marine Resources Division, said his division is prepared to fully manage the red snapper fishery off its coast. As of Friday, the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission had not indicated whether it could afford HB 3094.
Too hot outside for grilling? The Chef's Choice Professional Indoor Electric Grill Model 878 has a nonstick ceramic cooking surface in a lightweight, compact, healthy alternative for fish, seafood and veggies. Grease drains away. The grill is removable and easy to clean in the sink or dishwasher. Cooking surface is 141 square inches. Cost: $130. Online: www.chefschoice.com
A female sergeant has been appointed to oversee the Saint John Police Force's review of sexual assault cases that were classified as "unfounded," dating back to 2010.
Sgt. Debbie Easton has been seconded from her supervisory role with the patrol unit to work exclusively on the review announced on Thursday, said Chief John Bates.
"She's a great investigator," said Bates, citing Easton's experience dealing with sexual assault investigations, as well as her case management acumen.
"Her name came right to the forefront," he said. "She happens to be a woman, but I can tell you that wasn't part of our decision-making process."
The review comes after a 20-month investigation by The Globe and Mail into sexual assault cases across Canada found New Brunswick had the highest "unfounded" rate in the country at 32 per cent, compared to the national average of 19.39 per cent.
When a case is cleared as "unfounded," it's supposed to mean the investigator does not believe a criminal offence occurred or was attempted.
All nine municipal police forces in New Brunswick will be reviewing sexual assault cases they classified as "unfounded" between 2010 and 2014, the president of the New Brunswick Association of Chiefs of Police Paul Fiander confirmed on Thursday.
RCMP detachments across the province and the rest of the country are undertaking reviews of 2016 cases deemed "unfounded." It will also review a sample of historical cases, according to a statement.
'Unreliable' data
Chief John Bates declined to put an estimated timeline on the review, saying he wants to ensure it's done 'thoroughly.' (Twitter) The Saint John Police Force's "unfounded" rate for the 617 sexual assault cases it investigated between 2010 and 2014 was 51 per cent, according to The Globe and Mail report earlier this month.
But Bates said police had flagged the data it provided to the national newspaper last May as being unreliable.
"We have discovered some inconsistencies in how we've been clearing the unfounded files and as a result, can't rely on these numbers to accurately reflect the outcome of the investigations," the data submission by Sgt. Lori Magee, obtained by CBC News, states.
"The difference appears to be due to file classification and case management," Magee wrote.
"For example, look at the difference in sexual assault percentages unfounded in 2012 vs 2015. It dropped from 67% to 26%. I suspect this was due to different criteria being applied to the classifications, and not that a third of our [sexual assault investigations] were truly unfounded."
I'm disappointed that the data we supplied with the caveat that we did not consider it to be reliable, was used as though it was the actual numbers. - John Bates, Saint John police chief
Bates said the discrepancy in how different case managers were assigning the "unfounded" classification to files instead of the "cleared otherwise" label, was discovered in 2014, "long before anyone was aware the Globe was doing any kind of research or doing a story on that."
"Cleared otherwise" is supposed to be used to cover a wide range of situations, such as an investigator concluding there isn't enough evidence to lay a charge, Crown prosecutors not wanting to move forward with the case, or the victim not wanting to proceed, he said.
The files were not, however, retroactively reviewed and reclassified at that time, said Bates, who only took over as chief in November 2015.
"I'm disappointed that the data we supplied with the caveat that we did not consider it to be reliable, was used as though it was the actual numbers," he said.
The online version of the Globe and Mail report, which allows users to search the "unfounded" rates in different jurisdictions, does state in a "Notes" box below the Saint John statistics: "Upon responding to our request, the Saint John police service says it has identified problems with how it has been classifying unfounded cases."
Allegations 'treated seriously'
Bates said it's "hurtful" to think that people who came forward with sexual allegations in the past may read the article and feel their complaint was "just summarily dismissed."
"On a go forward [basis], we want to make sure the citizens of Saint John know that people who become victims of sexual assault down the road have an ally in the Saint John Police Force, that their allegations will be treated seriously, and thoroughly investigated."
To that end, Easton will review "each and every one" of the more than 300 files classified as "unfounded" between 2010 and 2014, as well as the additional ones in 2015 and 2016, said Bates.
Her findings will then be reviewed by other senior investigators.
"So it's not going to be one individual person making that decision. We will have a few sets of eyes on it," he said.
If any of the cases "need to be a) reinvestigated, or if more work needs to be done on any of them, we'll look into that, if they need to be re-labelled away from being 'unfounded,' we'll undertake to do that as well."
No deadline
Bates declined to speculate how long the review will take.
"I'm not going to even hazard a guess," he said. "It could be weeks, it could be months."
"I don't want to say, 'We're going to have this done in three months,' and feel that there's any pressure on her to get the job done … under a timeline that we arbitrarily set.
"It's important that the job is done as thoroughly as possible."
Bates said he also wants the review to "more clearly define what ['unfounded'] means, and what this means to each case manager in our organization so that we are consistent across the board, so that there's no ambiguity when a case is either determined to be 'unfounded,' which I suggest should be a very low number, or 'cleared by charge,' or 'cleared otherwise.'"
"The course of true love never did run smooth," Lysander tells us in Shakespeare's A Midsummer Night's Dream. And while that may be a frustrating truth in real life, it serves literature well. The most romantic love stories involve a convincing plot, which means conflict. After all, would Romeo and Juliet be half as beloved if the two swooning teens lived happily ever after?
The best love stories are ones when the characters are achingly flawed humans. They stumble over their words or advances; they break hearts and don't always mend them; and they leave us frustrated, but also relieved that we're not the only ones to make mistakes. But ultimately, the greatest stories reveal the transformative power of love and its ability to triumph over missteps and mistakes, whether it's in a world like our own or one of the author's imagining. While this triumph doesn't always equal the erasure of past griefs or pains, these love stories show that love is always worth the effort, if at least as a partnership against the tragedies of life.
Happy or sad, the greatest love stories of all time provide the kind of noble love we aspire to in our own lives. Here are just a few of the best and most romantic ones.
Pride and Prejudice by Jane Austen
It doesn't get more classic than our favorite verbal sparring partners Elizabeth Bennet and Mr. Darcy. At first mismatched and even appalled by one another, Lizzy and Darcy find themselves circling one another in fits and starts, flirting with their very best Regency-era manners in tact. What makes Pride and Prejudice so satisfying is the tension created by familial misunderstanding, class separation, and of course, their own feelings, swimming just below the surface.
War and Peace by Leo Tolstoy
Don't let the page count scare you off; within Tolstoy's dizzying 1,400-page epic is one of the greatest love stories of all time. Andrei Bolkonsky and Natasha Rostov fall in love, only to be drawn apart by Napoleon's failed invasion of Russia and Natasha's ill-fated affair with Anatole. Betrayed and angry, Andrei throws himself back into battle, only to be wounded. While floating in and out of consciousness, he realizes that love is greater than any human emotion or feeling. And in a plot twist worthy of your very favorite soap, Natasha becomes his nurse. While a happy ending eludes them, their reunion may have you going through a box of tissues.
The Color Purple by Alice Walker
Trapped in an abusive marriage, Celie's chances at finding true love seem impossible — until she meets Shug Avery, one of her husband's former lovers. Shug radiates confidence as an individual and singer, and she knows how to take charge of her own fate. Celie find herself drawn to her, and they embark on an affair. The love between them enables Celie to stand strong in who she is and claim her own happiness. Celie and Shug's relationship illustrates the possibilities of a love that defies expectations and leads to self-discovery and coming into one's own strength.
The Fault in Our Stars by John Green
I know, seeing The Fault in Our Stars on the same list as classics tomes like War and Peace may seem a little wrong, but here's my case for it: The love between Hazel and Gus has swept up readers across the world in a story filled with hope, affection, and ultimately loss. Despite their young age and illness, both Hazel and Gus remind us of the power of love to provide us with support for the time we're here on Earth.
The Year of Magical Thinking by Joan Didion
The lone non-fiction selection in the list, The Year of Magical Thinking requires an exception. Joan Didion meditates on the loss of her husband John Dunne, just as her daughter Quintana Roo became gravely sick. A heartbreaking reflection on grief and loss, Didion's prose details the difficulties of suddenly losing a partner, lover, and ultimately friend, and the large and small shifts that occur in your own life. Keep the tissues nearby for when Didion writes about her last birthday spent with John.
Never Let Me Go by Kazuo Ishiguro
While at first seeming like a tale of unrequited love and boarding school crushes, Kathy and Tommy's eventual coupling and happiness together is undone by forces larger than them. Their commitment to one another, while strong and transformative, is more a testament to clinging to one another in a turbulent world, where changing society is all but impossible.
A Little Life by Hanya Yangihara
Largely considered the "it" book of 2015, the horrific abuse of Jude often overshadows the rest of the plot of A Little Life . But it is the aching and hopeful love that forms between Jude and his roommate Willem that drives the emotional core of the novel. Their deep love develops from platonic friendship, illustrating the depth of their bond. But with the tragic nature of A Little Life, Willem's love for Jude cannot take away a past filled with neglect and abuse. While redemption of any kind is difficult to find, the love between Willem and Jude shows that the effort and work put into a relationship is its own kind of victory.
Image: MyBookBath/flickr
In September 2013, Jayson Werth named Cal Ripken Jr. as his No. 1 choice to replace the retiring Davey Johnson as Nationals manager. Before Nationals General Manager Mike Rizzo officially introduced Matt Williams as Johnson's successor that November, Rizzo said he and Ripken “had a mutual decision that it wasn't the right time” for the Orioles legend and Hall of Famer to become a manager.
Ripken has been asked about his interest in managing several times since then, including Thursday during an interview with ESPN 980's Thom Loverro and Kevin Sheehan on “The Sports Fix.”
“I'm always better off saying I'm happy doing what I'm doing right now and then it puts an end to all the conversation,” said Ripken, who owns multiple minor league teams and is the president of Ripken Baseball Inc. “It's been interesting where there's been some interest and some talks, and quite frankly the juices get flowing when you start to think about the prospects of it, because it's what I know. … I don't know whether there's some hope. I'll be 55 this month. If you look at the stages of your life, that's not old by any standards, so there's an opening for a lot of things left in my life and maybe that's one of them.”
Sheehan asked Ripken just how close he was to getting the Nationals' managerial job.
[Cal Ripken Old Bay is the most Maryland thing ever]
“We had some serious discussions about it and never really got down to the point of choice and those sorts of things,” Ripken said. “I think the world of Mike Rizzo. I think he's done a fantastic job. I like how he thinks, I like how he talks. If you're looking at a potential position, who wouldn't want their first managing job with a team built the way it was built? It was interesting discussions. With many things in life, it's about timing, and so you have other considerations. I would say timing was an issue there, but it was fun talking about it.”
[Heavy Seas makes Cal Ripken beer for 20th anniversary of 2,131]
Sheehan asked Ripken a similar question in January 2014.
“Certainly there was an exploration and some conversation about it very early,” Ripken said then. “I came down to a couple Nationals games for different reasons, and the conversation between me and Mike Rizzo, he jokingly said he's got to replace a manager. So I said, who's your candidates? And he said, well how about you? And so we kind of explored it on a surface level, but it never got to a serious consideration.”
[Cal Ripken offered encouragement to Ian Desmond]
Serious discussions apparently didn't lead to serious consideration. Ripken expressed optimism that both the Nationals and Orioles will make the postseason, as he did during an earlier appearance with The Sports Junkies on 106.7 The Fan.
He was also asked what advice he might give Robert Griffin III, and young athletes in general, for dealing with the media.
“You always have to be careful,” Ripken said. “I guess in the minor leagues, when I came through, I was a bit of a hothead. I would get frustrated, I had a bad sort of rapport with the umpires going through there, but I wasn't scrutinized, there was no talk of that. And nowadays, everything you do is scrutinized. No matter where you do it, it's instantly out there, so you have to really think about the ramifications of your actions.”
Listen to the entire interview here.
Lindsay Lohan strikes us as someone who has a LOT of dresses hanging in her closet, so it's unclear why she pulled out a white dress—and a tiara—when she was headed to a wedding over the weekend.
The actress attended the nuptials of her friend Justin Etzin and Latvian model Lana Zakocela in Florence on Saturday. According to the Daily Mail, the wedding's dress code was "black tie." Here's the head-to-toe look LiLo picked.
Here's a photo her date shared.
And here's a peek at the bride and groom.
To be fair, maybe the bride OK'd Lindsay's dress choice ahead of time. But still, the "no white to a wedding"* rule is one we're never comfortable breaking, regardless.
*Unless the bride and groom specifically ask guests to wear white. (Solange did!)
Watch this:
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Do you have a question that you'd like to have answered in Hey, Hoynsie? Submit it here.
Hey, Hoynsie: Who will be the Indians closer this year? I think Cody Allen should go back to the eighth inning and Danny Salazar should close. I really think he would be electric in that role and with him being so young he could do it for years to come. – Scott Fletcher, Madison.
Hey, Scott: Salazar, 25, has the arm to close, but I think it would be a waste to limit him to one inning when he's shown flashes in his 30 big league starts of being a dominating starter as long as he can reach the fifth inning and beyond. If the Indians were going to make him a closer, they would have done it long before this.
I thought Allen, 26, did a great job closing last season after replacing John Axford in May. Manager Terry Francona on Tuesday gave every indication that Allen was going to be back in that role this season.
Allen converted 24 of 28 save opportunities in 76 appearances last year. He had 91 strikeouts in 69 2/3 innings, a strikeout rate of 11.8 per nine innings.
Your browser does not support iframes.
Hey, Hoynsie: There was a lot of talk and publicity last year for TribeFest with Jim Thome, Kenny Lofton and Omar Vizquel coming to town. This year I haven't noticed as much.
I know Sandy Alomar will be there but do you know if any other alumni are going to be there? – Bobby Rice, Champion.
Hey, Bobby: Former Indians Dennis Martinez, Charles Nagy, Paul Assenmacher, Julian Tavarez and Alomar are scheduled to attend TribeFest on Saturday and Sunday at Progressive Field.
Former Tribe reliever Jensen Lewis, working for SportsTime Ohio, will also be at TribeFest.
Hey, Hoynsie: Do you see this as Carlos Santana's make or break year with the Tribe? If the season goes south before the trade deadline, will the Indians be willing to cut ties and get the best option they can receive for him? – Shawn Marshall, Garfield Heights.
Hey, Shawn: I think Santana will benefit from knowing he's going to be the Indians first baseman from the start of spring training. Last year he opened at third, while being the Tribe's backup catcher. When he finally settled at first base, he started to hit.
Why would this be a make or break year for him? Santana is signed through 2016 with a club option for 2017. He turns 28 on April 8 and is coming off a year in which he tied a career high in homers with 27 and set a career high with 85 RBI.
Your browser does not support iframes.
Hey, Hoynsie: I noticed that there are still openings on the player development staff for minor league hitting coaches. Is Travis Hafner still contemplating joining the fold? – Dwain Slaven, Dade City, Fla.
Hey, Dwain: The Indians and Hafner have a good relationship. He worked with some of their hitters in the Arizona Instructional League last year, but I don't think he's interested in doing anything on a regular basis right now.
Hey, Hoynsie: Why didn't the Indians make a push for Brandon McCarthy? He was excellent with the Yankees last year. – Jerry Smith, Cleveland.
Hey, Jerry: You failed to mention that McCarthy was 3-10 with a 5.01 ERA with Arizona last year before the Yankees acquired him and he turned his season around. Still, I agree McCarthy would have been a nice sign for the Tribe.
I'm sure they talked about him, but there's no way they were going to compete with the Dodgers, who signed the 31-year-old right-hander to a four-year $48 million deal.
McCarthy, bothered by injuries for much of his career, broke into the big leagues in 2005. Last season was the first time he's pitched as many as 200 innings in a season.
Hey, Hoynsie: How much longer is the Tribe going to keep Francisco Lindor down on the farm? Virtually everything I read and hear indicates he's ready for the big show. – Dale Brodt, Cedar Rapids, Ia.
Hey, Dale: The Indians have heard and read the same things, but they're determined to manage the expectations on Lindor. They want to make sure he's ready for the big leagues.
Remember, he's only 21 and has played just 38 games at Class AAA. Here's what it comes down to – Lindor will get his chance, but right now the Indians feel Jose Ramirez is the better player and gives them a better chance to win.
Ramirez is only 22. There's nothing wrong with having two young middle infielders who could be factors on the big league club for a long time.
VIDEO: Golden State Warriors General Manager Bob Myers talks about offseason after championship Copyright by KRON - All rights reserved Video
OAKLAND (KRON) -- The Golden State Warriors season is all wrapped up with the Dubs bringing home a second world title in three years.
Players can now go enjoy the off-season, but that doesn't mean everyone in the organization gets to have a vacation.
Now is the busy time for the executives, as they try to keep this roster together.
On Monday afternoon, General Manager Bob Myers talked about what awaits him in the offseason.
It's a good problem to have, but winning a world title means the Warriors front office gets a late start on handling offseason priorities.
Heading into the summer, the top items on the agenda are preparing for the draft and keeping this championship roster intact.
"Right now, we are working a lot," Myers said. "I didn't get to go to Vegas. They went to Vegas, I didn't get to go to Vegas. I took a couple days with my wife and kids, it's, to be honest, I wish there was a little more of a pause, but that's the price of winning, which you deal with."
"Any statement by any player expressing the fact that they like to play for our team and want to keep playing for our team is a positive," Myers added. "That's certainly what you want, so those are all good things. Hopefully, we can do our part to make this a place where players either want to stay playing or come to play for, and that's what every team wants to do."
The NBA draft is this Thursday.
Sources close to UK-studio Codemasters have said at least 30 positions are to be cut as the developer reviews various positions within the company.
Speaking with Eurogamer, the source said 50 jobs have been tagged for a 30-day review with at least 30 positions set to be cut.
The IT department which is based in Warwickshire and designers and artists working on the Grid and Dirt teams are being reviewed as well.
Another source said programmers and production staff are safe, and the Birmingham team working on the latest Formula One game are safe as well, as are employees working on the latest Dirt title at the Southham Office.
That being said, the new Dirt game has a smaller team with around 20 working on it, and an Early Access-style incentive may be offered sometime in February.
When asked for comment, Codemasters wouldn't reveal how many employees were affected, but stated that a “small number of roles have been proposed as being at risk of redundancy.”
The full report is posted on Eurogamer through the link.
The performance of Web sites varies, and so do user expectations. A person will be more patient waiting for a video clip to load than for a search result. And Web sites constantly face trade-offs between visual richness and snappy response times. As entertainment and news sites, like The New York Times Web site, offer more video clips and interactive graphics, that can slow things down.
But speed matters in every context, research shows. Four out of five online users will click away if a video stalls while loading.
On a mobile phone, a Web page takes a leisurely nine seconds to load, according to Google, which tracks a huge range of sites from the homes of large companies to the legions of one-person bloggers. Download times on personal computers average about six seconds worldwide, and about 3.5 seconds on average in the United States . The major search engines, Google and Microsoft's Bing, are the speed demons of the Web, analysts say, typically delivering results in less than a second.
The hunger for speed on smartphones is a new business opportunity for companies like Akamai Technologies , which specializes in helping Web sites deliver services quicker. Later this month, Akamai plans to introduce mobile accelerator software to help speed up the loading of a Web site or app.
The government too recognizes the importance of speed in mobile computing. In February, Congress opened the door to an increase in network capacity for mobile devices, proposing legislation that permits the auction of public airwaves now used for television broadcasts to wireless Internet suppliers.
Overcoming speed bumps is part of the history of the Internet. In the 1990s, as the World Wide Web became popular, and crowded, it was called the World Wide Wait. Invention and investment answered the call.
Laying a lot of fiber optic cable for high-speed transmission was the first solution. But beyond bandwidth, the Web got faster because of innovations in software algorithms for routing traffic, and in distributing computer servers around the world, nearer to users, as a way to increase speed.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Akamai, which grew out of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology 's Laboratory for Computer Science, built its sizable business doing just that. Most major Web sites use Akamai's technology today.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The company sees the mobile Internet as the next big challenge. “Users' expectations are getting shorter and shorter, and the mobile infrastructure is not built for that kind of speed,” said Tom Leighton, co-founder and chief scientist at Akamai, who is also an M.I.T. professor. “And that's an opportunity for us.”
The need for speed itself seems to be accelerating. In the early 1960s, the two professors at Dartmouth College who invented the BASIC programming language, John Kemeny and Thomas Kurtz, set up a network in which many students could tap into a single, large computer from keyboard terminals.
“We found,” they observed, “that any response time that averages more than 10 seconds destroys the illusion of having one's own computer.”
In 2009, a study by Forrester Research found that online shoppers expected pages to load in two seconds or fewer — and at three seconds, a large share abandon the site. Only three years earlier a similar Forrester study found the average expectations for page load times were four seconds or fewer.
The two-second rule is still often cited as a standard for Web commerce sites. Yet experts in human-computer interaction say that rule is outdated. “The old two-second guideline has long been surpassed on the racetrack of Web expectations,” said Eric Horvitz, a scientist at Microsoft's research labs.
Google, which harvests more Internet ad revenue than any other company, stands to benefit more than most if the Internet speeds up. Mr. Jain, who worked at Microsoft and Akamai before joining Google in 2003, is an evangelist for speed both inside and outside the company. He leads a “Make the Web Faster” program, begun in 2009. He also holds senior positions in industry standards groups.
Speed, Mr. Jain said, is a critical element in all of Google's products. There is even a companywide speed budget; new offerings and product tweaks must not slow down Google services. But there have been lapses.
In 2007, for example, after the company added popular new offerings like Gmail, things slowed down enough that Google's leaders issued a “Code Yellow” and handed out plastic stopwatches to its engineers to emphasize that speed matters.
Still, not everyone is in line with today's race to be faster. Mr. Kurtz, the Dartmouth computer scientist who is the co-inventor of BASIC, is now 84, and marvels at how things have changed.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Computers and networks these days, Mr. Kurtz said, “are fast enough for me.”
As a mother of two children, I have often listened to other parents discussing how their little boy is so obviously “hard-wired” for rough-and-tumble play, while their little girl just wants to dress up as a princess, or how their son is great at numbers but their daughter would talk the hind-leg off a donkey, or how their son is obsessed by fire-engines, the daughter by Barbie.
In listening to these anecdotes, one conclusion that you might draw is that these differences must be due to innate biological differences between the sexes. After all – the children in discussion grew up in the same household with access to the same toys – what else could be the cause?
Academic psychologist and writer Cordelia Fine warns us against jumping too quickly to this conclusion. In fact, as she points out in her latest book, Delusions of Gender: The real science behind sex differences, history tells us that conclusions such as these in the realm of gender difference are often embarrassingly disproved some years later.
The environment influences our decisions, which become reality, which reinforces the stereotype, which influences our decisions. It's the Catch-22 of gender equality
For several hundred years scientists have been trying to explain women's supposed intellectual inferiority. The theories are getting steadily more sophisticated – early notions regarding the greater elongation of our snouts or the delicacy of our brain-fibres have been discarded and scientists have now moved on to neuroscience. So are we getting closer to an answer? In her book, Fine looks at many of the current theories regarding the differences between the sexes (foetal testosterone, male lateralisation of the brain, the size of the corpus callosu) and shows that we are far from having an answer. She notes:
Claims of ‘essential differences' between the two sexes simply reflect – and give scientific authority to – what I suspect is really a majority opinion.
As someone who has never really felt comfortable with the majority opinion that Fine mentions, this book is a revelation.
The first section tackles the commonly held preconception that the brain is a static thing, essentially hard-wired from birth with an innate set of abilities and preferences.
Instead, as Fine shows with numerous examples of cognitive psychology studies, the brain is continually learning, adapting and responding to outside influences. This may seem obvious until you realise that these outside influences can be extremely subtle and yet pervasive. Sexist advertisements emphasising negative gender stereotypes have been shown, for example, to influence women's career preferences, their choice of maths or verbal questions in a test and their interest in leadership.
Other similar studies (she looks at mathematical ability, spacial abilities, map reading, empathising, career choices and housework) overwhelmingly show that the so-called innate differences we associate with men or women are heavily influenced by societal norms. The environment influences our decisions, which become reality, which reinforces the stereotype, which influences our decisions. It's the Catch-22 of gender equality.
Fine then goes on to a delightful section she calls “neurosexism” in which she gleefully takes apart the pseudo-science and methodological flaws in some of the recent popular claims of gender difference, and exposes them as gender myths dressed up with neuroscience.
Every time I shout out ‘Girls!' to call the children in for tea I am needlessly reminding them of their gender
Louann Brizendine's New York Times bestseller The Female Brain comes under fire, as do other writers and academics such as Cambridge University psychologist Simon Baron-Cohen, “author, business consultant and social philosopher” Michael Gurian, John Gray (of Men are from Mars, Women are from Venus fame), and Leonard Sax of the National Association for Single Sex Public Education (NASSPE) in the US.
Yes, both Michael Gurian and Leonard Sax are influential in advising how boys and girls should be taught (differently) at school, but, as Fine shows, much of the so-called science behind their teaching practices is flawed. Concerned? I am.
It seems that while many people may be suspicious of a simple statement of innate sex differences, the same statement accompanied by some plausible neuroscience and a few brain scan images will have a very different effect. The fact that these suspect conclusions could be used to shape education policy is extremely worrying.
The truth is that neuroscience is still in its infancy in terms of our understanding of how the mind really works. We know that there are sex differences in the brain, but relating these differences to complex psychological functions seems to involve a serious amount of interpretation or guess-work. It is really not surprising, then, that many of the interpretations rely on widespread societal beliefs about gender. It takes scientists with an absolute commitment to scientific method to be able to set up appropriate control conditions and draw appropriate conclusions, without falling back on beliefs to explain what they see.
The third section ‘Recycling Gender' struck a particular chord with me, as it deals with the way in which society's sexist assumptions about gender affect children. It is eye-opening to realise just how much importance is placed on gender even during pregnancy.
The first question we often ask someone who is pregnant is whether they know the sex, we buy colour-coded clothes, bedding and shoes, we use different language to refer to the different sexes, we buy them different toys, we probably take them on different kinds of outings and we often encourage playing with children of the same sex.
An alternative to the hard-wiring argument is that children are so fine-tuned to gender that their interests and even to some extent their abilities reflect society's and parents' expectations
It is little wonder that children themselves pick up on this as a critical part of society, of growing up and of how to behave from a very early age. It has dawned on me that as a mother of two children I am entirely guilty of this. Every time I shout out “Girls!” to call the children in for tea I am needlessly reminding them of their gender. This gender conditioning is all around us, and yet is considered so normal that we mostly don't even notice it.
Last week, for example, I overheard my friend tell her son, who was engaged in some cavorting around while waiting for school to open, not to be rough with the girls. In this one statement, she had in effect told him that it was okay for boys to be rough as long as it wasn't with the girls, and reinforced the stereotype that girls are not rough! Now, I don't know the science behind innate ‘roughness', but at least having read Delusions of Gender I can comprehend an alternative possibility to the hard-wiring argument – that these children are so fine-tuned to gender that their interests and even to some extent their abilities reflect society's and parents' expectations.
It is worth noting that the stereotypes that Fine tackles are those most commonly associated with white, middle-class, heterosexual men and women, and that the research has a heavy US and UK bias.
She also does not really address or attempt to address trans or intersex people, although some of the research into the impacts of foetal testosterone on the brain looks at children born with CAH (congenital adrenal hyperplasia) in which the foetus is exposed to unusually high levels of testosterone.
Although this is an omission, at least her focus on exposing and de-bunking stereotypes is hopefully a helpful exercise to anyone who feels they shouldn't be expected to conform to society's unfair expectations.
Delusions of Gender was not only incredibly thought-provoking, but also thoroughly enjoyable. Fine has a clear and amusing style that enables her to explain how seriously complicated the brain is without boring the reader (or at least, not me). For feminists I think it will confirm much of what we already know about the harm that gender stereotypes in the media and advertising can cause, or about why there are still so few women in maths and science, or in leadership roles. But there is also a positive message – that the wiring of gender is not hard but is heavily influenced by society, and that if history is our guide then society is still changing. These two things, if true, create a very slow virtuous circle that will, over time, march us in the direction of equality.
Jessica Smith is a mother of two, sometime blogger, science enthusiast and feminist who believes in critical thinking
The CME Group is launching two previously announced bitcoin price indexes next month.
The exchange services operator said in a notice this week that its CME CF Bitcoin Reference Rate and CME CF Bitcoin Real Time Index will launch on 13th November. The CME CF Bitcoin Reference Rate, according to the firm, will provide price settlement updates after 15:00 UTC each day.
The goal, CME said, is to give clients a reliable reference rate price source for “digital assets” or cryptographic assets that trade on a blockchain.
The benchmarks are being offered in partnership with UK-based Crypto Facilities. Announced in May, they will draw price data from bitcoin exchanges in Asia, Europe and North America.
CME has been testing the products since last month, and was expected to launch sometime in November. The move reflects a positive outlook on digital asset markets – something that CME executives have remarked on in past public appearances.
Disclosure: CME Group is an investor in Digital Currency Group, of which CoinDesk is a subsidiary.
Image via Shutterstock
TOP 10 IA STORIES OF 2011
#7: THE GOVERNMENT RUN AUSTRALIAN PROPERTY MARKET PONZI SCHEME
The fact we have very expensive property makes Australia very vulnerable to any sort of economic shock and the example I'm pointing to at the moment is what's happening in the Gold Coast in Queensland where tourism numbers are down. It's not macro economically significant for the entire country but what we're seeing is quite acute distress in their property market because without the constant income growth they can't sustain prices where they are.
According to property analysts RP Data, over the past decade there has been an average of 867 houses and 1087 units sold each month across the Gold Coast, but last December there were just 359 house sales and 396 unit sales - the lowest sales volumes over the past decade.
A LACK of new Gold Coast apartments for sale after 2012 is likely to see cashed-up foreign investors head to Brisbane and Sydney.
There will be 1364 apartments for sale in new buildings between Surfers Paradise and the Tweed before the end of the year.
But in 2012 the only new apartments added to the market will be 32 at Oracle in Broadbeach.
There is nothing more locked in from 2013.
Real Estate Institute of Queensland Gold Coast chairman John Newlands said one of the most significant impacts of the units shortage was that overseas interest could shift to places like Brisbane and NSW.
"Foreign investors are required by law to buy new homes and units," he said.
"So if there is less for sale here, they will have to go elsewhere."
If you have a mortgage on a house you bought recently, you may wish to turn away now because you may not like what I am about to say.Real estate in Australia is overvalued by between 10 and 56 per cent. On one end of the extreme, the IMF said last year property was overpriced by a relatively benign sounding 10 per cent. However, the Economist magazine released a special report at the start of March which said it was overvalued by 56 per cent, making Australian property the most overvalued in the world. Sitting in the middle of these two estimates is that of global strategist at Morgan Stanley, Gerard Minack, who says the market is 30-40 per cent above sustainable levels in the medium term.Speaking on the ABC's PM programme on March 4 , Minack said our expensive housing makes Australia extremely vulnerable in any economic downturn.You do not need to look far to see what can happen when an economy with over-priced housing stumbles. In the US, a downturn in the US economy in 2007 led to widespread job losses, then mortgage default, a spate of bank foreclosures, before an eventual capitulation in the price of US housing of between 40 to 50 per cent . Many people in the United States are now stuck paying off houses that are worth far less than their mortgages.Some economists argue that all recessions are caused by a collapse in the value of the property market and it was without question this collapse in the overvalued US market that led to the global financial crisis (GFC). Australia escaped the worst ravages of the GFC due to continuing strong demand for Australian minerals by China – the so-called mining boom – as well as Government stimulus spending. Still, the mining boom does not affect every sector of the community and, as Minack alludes to, some parts of the economy in Australia that are in distress. And now Australia has spent its surplus, what happens when the oft-expected double-dip recession comes around—has the Government fired all its bullets?An example of an economy in distress is – as Gerard Minack alluded to – the Gold Coast in Queensland, where there is no mining and which is being negatively affected by the decrease in international tourism and the closure of some boat building companies. In the northern parts of the Gold Coast, unemployment is running at over 10 per cent . The overall rate of unemployment on the Gold Coast is 6.9 per cent , well above the national average of about 5 per cent. The unemployment rate jumped a whole per cent in January alone, with 3,000 people (net) losing their jobs. This local recession has had obvious effects on the housing market with sluggish sales and a massive oversupply of housing as vendors hold out for prices that simply are not attainable under the current conditions. But, for now, most people are not in distress and there has not, yet, been a rash of foreclosures as in the US and other economies.As mentioned, there is a massive supply of units and houses on the Gold Coast market. A report in The Australian on March 12, 2011, makes the depressing and depressed situation clear:To put this in perspective, a search today of http://www.realestate.com.au shows over 2,045 houses for sale in the northern Gold Coast suburb of Coomera alone. Up until relatively recent times, the Gold Coast was a construction park with massive numbers of new developments in the housing corridor in the north of Oxenford, Helensvale and Coomera. A typical story you will hear now is people are complaining about trying to sell their 5 year-old duplex, but being unable to because across the road a new development is selling off the plan for $100,000 less than they paid for their unit new.The situation is no better for the apartment dwellers closer to the city centre and the beach. Indepedent Australia has been studying the Gold Coast market for some time and a typical example is a one bedroom, fully renovated flat in Surfers Paradise with ocean views that has been on the market now for 2 years. It was initially offered for sale at $400,000; it is still unable to find a buyer at just $270,000. These stories are being retold right across the Gold Coast in both units and houses.Despite all this, the Real Estate Institute of Queensland put out a press release in February that implied that a crisis awaited because of a looming shortage in the supply of new units on the Gold Coast. The Gold Coast Bulletin reported the press release almost in its entirety, without any mention of the obscene property glut on the Coast:
According to Gold Coast property manager Rene Thalmann, the REIQ's call for more new units is a typical example of them lobbying on behalf of developers to pressure the Government to provide more favourable conditions.
“There may be a new unit shortage in 2013, but there are plenty of old units for sale, as well as new units that have not yet sold,” he said.
“Here, the REIQ is simply acting for property developers with a mind to softening up government regulation and gaining them access to new land at favourable conditions.”
“In the case of an oversupply, the market should work the old supply down before new units come onto the market.”
The Ponzi scheme
Gold Coast property manager Rene Thalmann
Mr Thalmann, who manages apartments on the Gold Coast as well as holding real estate interests in other parts of Queensland, says that he is concerned that the speculative nature of real estate in Australia is leading to unsustainable prices.
He says he is suspicious of any information that comes out of the REIQ or the leading online real estate valuation company RP Data.
“I believe there is a massive crisis in real estate, which the REIQ and RP Data are trying to cover up by using stats to prop up the market,” said Mr Thallman.
“They realise they're in trouble, so they're throwing sand in people's eyes to keep the market moving to get more suckers.”
He also says that governments and the banks are complicit in trying to keep real estate prices high and rapidly changing hands for selfish reasons.
Rene Thalmann presents a compelling argument. It stands to reason that the Federal Government has a vested interest in investment property changing hands at ever increasing prices because of the revenue it will accrue from capital gains and other taxes. For the State Government, one of its major sources of funding is stamped duty, which is greater when more property changes hand at higher values. Local Governments love development because it attracts investment into an area and because developers pay the lion's share for the provision of new services – such as roads, water, waste and utilities – which are otherwise the responsibility of councils.
For banks, the more mortgages they write at higher loan values, the more interest income they will accrue. And banks make a premium in the Australian loan market, since Australian interest rates are on average about 3-4 per cent higher than other similar western economies. In addition, while property prices increase rapidly people “feel” more affluent and so there is presumably less demand for wage increases, which helps business by keeping down staffing costs.
To try to keep the prices of property high and to encourage property transactions, the Federal Government uses various mechanisms. With the negative gearing provisions, the Government encourages small investors to speculate on the property market by allowing them to deduct from their income expenses association with rental properties. Unfortunately, this increased demand does little more than artificially inflate property prices, making it more difficult for the battlers, such as first home buyers, to afford to enter the market. So, to try to help first home buyers, the Government has a $7,000 non-means tested grant it offers them. This offer is so casually enforced, that it is available all permanent residents of Australia, whether they are citizens or not, and whether or not they own a home outside of Australia. For obvious reasons, it is well received amongst foreign residents, who have frequently sold homes in their own country to emigrate to Australia, or perhaps even still own homes elsewhere in the world.
Rene Thalmann says that apart from the obvious inequity of the grant it also does absolutely nothing to produce more affordable housing for first homeowners.
“The first homeowners grant does make it more attractive for first home buyers to buy property, but all it really does is simply increases demand to drive up the price of real estate by the amount of the grant. It is really nothing more than a Ponzi scheme.”
Is, as Rene Thalmann suggests, the property industry and its stakeholders staging a massive confidence trick on an economy-wide scale?
It seems likely. We have seen evidence of the property industry provides selective statistics to support the property market and advantage their members, particularly developers. And, rather than looking at the motivations of the stakeholders, the popular media report this PR credulously. The Federal Governments, eager for tax revenue, and no doubt worried about the property bubble bursting, provide tax breaks and subsidies to keep property prices and turnover high. State and local governments ease regulation for developers and do their part to support the industry and increase their share of the pie. Developers are also major donors to political parties, as we have seen with NSW Labor. Banks do everything possible to bolster the industry also, mindful of losing their exaggerated interest returns. And their are other interests, such as insurance companies, that are also happy travellers on the property market gravy train.
And who is losing?
Well, all of us, really, since every taxpayer pays for grants for first home buyers that eventually merely end up in the hand of big developers. And, each taxpayer subsidises investors to speculate on the property market through negative gearing. Most of that ultimately also ends up in the hands of property developers. But, more particularly, the losers are the poor, since speculation on the property market removes housing from the letting pool, reducing the supply of rental accommodation. It also drives up the price of housing so that the poorer sections of the community can no longer able to buy their own home, or if they do, have little disposable income to raise their standard of living since they are paying ridiculous amounts of their income in mortgage repayments.
And, because people have less money to save since they are ploughing it all into their mortgage, if economy suffers widespread job losses then they have nothing to fall back on. If every part of the economy becomes like the Gold Coast, but worse, heaven help us all. If the US economy is any guide, if the battlers start losing their jobs, then the bubble will burst and the Ponzi scheme will come crashing down on everybody's heads. Despite the tearful cries of the property industry, and its own self interest, the Government must act now to try to untie the knot and slowly deflate the bubble before it's abruptly pricked by a big sharp needle.
The first place to start is the first home buyers scheme. If the Government needs additional capital to pay for flood disaster, a good place to start would be right there. And if you're a first home buyer priced out of the market, join the Get Up first homeowners strike.
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 3.0 Australia License
Clemson will be without Zac Brooks for the 2014 season after the junior running back suffered a season-ending foot injury during practice Monday night, the school announced Wednesday.
Clemson junior running back Zac Brooks, the Tigers' leading returning rusher from last season, will miss the season after injuring his foot Monday. Allen Kee/ESPN Images
Brooks was the Tigers' leading returning rusher from last season, when he carried the ball 48 times for 246 yards and two touchdowns. He has 74 carries for his career, with 365 rushing yards and two touchdowns. He has also caught nine passes for 92 yards and another touchdown.
"Zac was having an outstanding camp and was ready for a terrific year," coach Dabo Swinney said in a release. "The plan is for Zac to sit out this year due to the injury and come back next year as a red-shirt junior. This is a big loss because he is such a reliable player in all phases of the game. He knows the offense inside and out."
Brooks will have two years of eligibility remaining.
Redshirt senior D.J. Howard appears to be the top running back for Clemson now, as he has tallied 581 rushing yards, 158 receiving yards and six total touchdowns during his last three seasons at the school. The Tigers also have options in redshirt junior C.J. Davidson and redshirt freshman Wayne Gallman, along with prized four-star freshmen Adam Choice and C.J. Fuller, whose chances to play this season increase with the news of Brooks' injury. Choice was an ESPN300 member from the recruiting class of 2014.
When Al Batchelar and his team at Commissionaires BC decided they needed new space for their business, they looked at several suburbs and types of office developments.
In the end, they chose a spot in Surrey's Station Tower, which is steps from the Gateway SkyTrain station, picking it over cheaper space in a Surrey or Richmond business park.
"A lot of people who need our services don't have transportation," says Commissionaires' chief executive officer Mr. Batchelar, whose non-profit company, originally started to provide work for war veterans, now provides fingerprinting and criminal-records checks for people who need them as a condition of employment. The company also runs courses for people training to be security guards.
Story continues below advertisement
"Even if we had a place with lots of parking somewhere else, we just couldn't get people there."
That scenario is playing out in major cities across Canada, as more office tenants are choosing locations that are as close to transit as possible, even if it means paying more.
As a result, buildings right on top of transit are seeing their vacancy rates shrink and lease rates rise.
Office vacancies are creeping up in buildings that are sometimes only a few crucial blocks away from a transit site. And the vacancy rates are even grimmer for many older business parks that were built kilometres from transit at a time when it seemed savvy to construct whole campuses on cheap land far from central business districts.
"What we are hearing from tenants most often these days is that priority one is access to transit and it can't even be a walk down the street," says Brett Miller, president of Jones Lang Lasalle Real Estate Services in Canada.
That was a priority for Vancity Credit Union when it built its new head office in 1995, a unique building where the SkyTrain literally runs right through the building.
"We wanted to be on rapid transit and our stats show our staff use transit now 50 per cent more than the average for office workers," said Jeremy Trigg, Vancity's director of facilities and environmental management.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
It's also a key factor for the giant engineering-consulting firm Fluor Canada, which has hung onto its downtown locations in Vancouver. "We felt it was the most efficient situation for our company," said vice-president Vasee Navaratnam. A just-completed survey of the company's 800 employees, who are spread out in three buildings near the Burrard SkyTrain station in downtown Vancouver, showed that 65 per cent arrive by transit. (An additional 23 per cent walk, one per cent ride bicycles, and only 11 per cent arrive in cars or motorcycles.) Many companies and commercial brokers have been telling similar stories in recent years.
But Mr. Miller's company decided to test the whole thesis in a way that went beyond anecdote. Jones Lang Lasalle has published two reports now, one at the beginning of this month, looking at the importance of transit in the Vancouver market.
The latest of their "rapid transit office index" reports concluded that tenants are willing to pay considerably more to get into a similar building that's closer to transit.
The statistics-stuffed report concluded that tenants will pay a 22-per-cent premium in Vancouver, Surrey and Burnaby, three of the largest office markets, to be within 500 metres of a transit station. As well, vacancy rates for buildings outside that 500-metre range can go up to 25 per cent higher than a transit-oriented building in the same suburb.
Back at Surrey's Station Tower, for example, the average asking rate is $24 a square foot and it has zero-per-cent vacancy. In contrast, the Benchmark Business Centre, a high-quality business-park complex also in Surrey, has an average asking rate of $17.50 a square foot, with a 17.8-per-cent vacancy rate.
The situation is worse for some of the older business parks in suburbs without even a hint of reasonable bus transportation.
Story continues below advertisement
"Richmond by far and away is our worst performing office market," says Darrell Hurst, a commercial broker at Avison Young who handles Station Tower and other properties. Its business parks on the east side, far from the new Canada Line, are older and without some of the amenities – basketball courts or multiple restaurants – that newer ones have. And they are just plain hard to get to.
Both Microsoft and BC Lottery Corp. moved out of Richmond in the past five years and into Vancouver.
Mr. Hurst said some business parks are trying to grapple with the transportation issue by providing their own shuttles to the nearest transit station.
Other business-park tenants, if they're large enough, are going into the shuttle business themselves in order to retain employees. And they're choosing their business parks carefully.
When Horizon Distributors, a company that trucks organic and natural-food products to Whole Foods and other grocery stores in the region, decided it needed larger space in 2008, it looked at price per square foot. But there were limits to that approach.
"One of our criteria was that it had to be a place that was inside the bridges," said vice-president Terry Newell. "And we knew we couldn't have a distribution centre just anywhere when half the people in this business don't earn enough to buy a car."
Story continues below advertisement
So Horizon chose a business park in south Burnaby for its 150,000-square-foot operation, a few kilometres away from its previous north Burnaby site, and decided to pay for a shuttle to carry employees to and from the nearest SkyTrain station at Edmonds.
"I figured over the long haul that a $100,000-a-year shuttle was better than an extra $500,000 a year in rent," Ms. Newell said.
But, as for moving the site to even cheaper space 40 kilometres away in the Fraser Valley and impossible to connect to transit even with a shuttle – she wouldn't even consider it.
The State Department and foreign aid have long been targets for budget cutters because many Americans don't understand what these programs do. Polls show that Americans overestimate how much federal spending goes to these programs. The actual number for foreign aid is about 1 percent of the budget, or $36.6 billion in 2017. And some of that money is spent in the United States.
Diplomacy doesn't always prevent war, Syria being one example, but war becomes far more likely if there are not enough diplomats to work with other countries to resolve disagreements. Compelling examples of diplomacy working include the 2015 deal that is preventing Iran from developing a nuclear weapon; the 1995 Dayton Accords, which ended the Bosnia War; and the 1979 Israel-Egypt peace treaty. Other examples include several treaties that committed America and Russia to reduce their nuclear arsenals significantly. American diplomats have strengthened alliances, built new partnerships with countries like Cuba and Myanmar, promoted democracy so that countries are less likely to go to war with one another and created jobs by helping to open overseas markets to American business.
American interests are also advanced by helping other countries become more stable. A health program begun by President George W. Bush helped check the spread of AIDS in sub-Saharan Africa and then was used to stop an Ebola epidemic in West Africa during the Obama administration. Other programs aid refugees; finance improvements in sanitation and water, primary education, energy and counterterrorism; and underwrite exchanges between foreign students and professionals and their American counterparts.
None of this is to say the State Department cannot be made more efficient. Tax dollars should be spent wisely. But rather than slashing the department's budget, which pales before a $600 billion Pentagon budget (which alone exceeds the military spending of the next seven countries combined), Mr. Trump should be urging Congress to increase it.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, a former Exxon Mobil chief executive, has been shockingly complicit in Mr. Trump's miserly approach. In Tokyo this month, he called the department's current spending “not sustainable” and said that “as time goes by, there will be fewer military conflicts that the U.S. will be directly engaged in.” If that statement were true, it would be an argument against increasing Pentagon spending, not for cutting money for diplomacy.
Fortunately, Congress, which holds the purse strings, is pushing back. Prominent among the critics is the Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell, who said he did not view the State Department cuts as appropriate because “many times diplomacy is a lot more effective — and certainly cheaper — than military engagement.” Last month, more than 100 retired generals and admirals, in a letter to congressional leaders, argued that the State Department and the United States Agency for International Development are “critical to preventing conflict and reducing the need to put” American troops in harm's way.
Actor and Humanitarian
Gary Sinise Receives 2015 Thayer Award
Academy Award-nominated and Golden Globe Award-winning actor Gary Sinise has played many roles throughout his 30-plus year career: police detective, soldier, astronaut, and even president of the United States; however, as Lieutenant General Robert L. Caslen Jr. '75, USMA Superintendent, told the Corps of Cadets gathered in the Mess Hall for the 2015 Thayer Award Dinner, “Sinise's most notable role is the one he plays in real life: supporter and friend of those who serve and defend our nation.” For his decades-long dedication to our nation's active duty military personnel and returning veterans, the West Point Association of Graduates (WPAOG) presented the 58th Sylvanus Thayer Award to Gary Sinise on October 22, 2015. Since 1958, WPAOG has given the Thayer Award annually to a U.S. citizen whose outstanding character, accomplishments, and stature in the civilian community draw wholesome comparison to the qualities for which West Point strives, in keeping with its motto: Duty, Honor, Country.
Sinise's concern for active duty military personnel and returning veterans began with a family connection. “I grew up surrounded by veterans,” he stated in his acceptance speech. “World War I, World War II, Korea, Vietnam, the Cold War, and I even have a nephew currently on active duty with the Army today.” He was especially inspired by his brother-in-law, Boyd McCanna “Mac” Harris, USMA Class of 1966, who served in Vietnam and later conceived of the Army's “Be, Know, Do” model of leadership when he wrote FM 22-100 as a project officer and head of the Center of Leadership and Ethics at Fort Leavenworth. Sadly, Harris passed away from cancer at age 39, shortly after the manual was printed in 1983. Prior to receiving the Thayer Award, Sinise once wrote that the portrayal of his most recognized character, Lieutenant Dan Taylor in the 1994 film Forrest Gump, “was based on and a tribute to” his brother-in-law. “He attended these ceremonies as a young cadet,” Sinise said, “and I know he is here with me now.” Appropriately, during his West Point visit, Sinise stayed at the suite named for Harris at the Thayer Hotel.
Sinise was also moved to action after the attacks on September 11, 2001. “I wanted to make sure that our service members responding to the 9/11 attacks would never be forgotten or neglected as our Vietnam veterans had been,” he said. This led to one of the most moving parts of Sinise's acceptance speech as he recognized his “dear pals” from the FDNY who were in attendance. “You who were there on that terrible day, who lost friends and loved ones, inspired me to help those in need, especially those wounded in battle in Iraq and Afghanistan,” Sinise said, pausing for moment and holding back tears, visibly moved by their presence.
After the ceremony, Cadet Alexandra Caudullo '18 said, “My family was affected by September 11th, so it meant a lot to me that Mr. Sinise recognized the first responders in his speech.”
In 2004, Sinise formed a band to entertain troops during his USO tours, naming it after his famous film character. Over the years, the “Lt. Dan Band” has performed more than 315 concerts worldwide, at an average of 30 shows per year, boosting troop morale and raising money for wounded heroes, Gold Star families, veterans and active duty troops. In 2011, he formed the Gary Sinise Foundation, which offers a variety of programs to give back to those who sacrifice for our nation, hoping that it will encourage others to give back as well. “If you, our honored Corps of Cadets are willing to serve this country, then we, as its citizens, must try to do our very best to serve you back,” Sinise said.
While Sinise used most of his speech to champion the cause of supporting our veterans and troops, he did leave room for a little bit of levity. At one moment, he orchestrated the entire Corps of Cadets to shout, “Lieutenant Dan!” as Forrest Gump (Tom Hanks) does in the film and countless service men and women have done in the actor's presence since. “I know that MacArthur didn't do that during his speech,” Sinise quipped after the resounding applause from the enthusiastic cadets settled.
Prior to the Thayer medal award ceremony, Sinise, like all distinguished recipients before him, had the opportunity to review the Corps of Cadets assembled in formation on the Plain in his honor. “I wish every American could see what I got to see today,” he said after trooping the line. “The cadets are the crown jewels of West Point, and seeing them in action gives me great comfort for the future of our nation.”
See Photos on Flickr | Click here to watch the video
Last updated: September 2, 2013 at 9:45 AM PT
Happy September! The new fall TV season will be here soon, and it's not too early to think about managing your DVRs.
Anything that's been announced that I missed, please let me know and I'll add it to the list. If you see any errors, let me know about those too.
Enjoy the rest of your summer!
If you'd like to see the night by night broadcast schedule grids including new and returning shows click here.
Note: mid-season shows (premiering after December) are deliberately not on this list.
2013 TV Premiere Dates:
Last updated: September 2, 2013 at 9:45 AM PT
–
–
Ed Miliband also warns Eric Schmidt at Google conference that it's wrong for multinationals not to pay fair share
Nick Clegg raised the controversy over Google's tax affairs directly with the internet giant's chairman, Eric Schmidt, at a meeting in Downing Street this week, the deputy prime minister has revealed.
News of his intervention came as the Labour leader, Ed Miliband, told Schmidt at a conference: "When Google goes to extraordinary lengths to avoid paying its taxes, I say it's wrong."
Clegg told Schmidt his company was among those causing massive public concern over the amount of tax it pays, and it was not in the long-term interests of his own company, as he himself was discovering. David Cameron did not mention Google by name when discussing his drive for greater tax transparency with business leaders at the meeting on Monday.
The issue is hurtling up the political agenda amid successive corporate tax avoidance scandals, and growing demands by world leaders for concerted international co-operation to transform the international tax code for a digital global age.
Cameron on Wednesday was due to urge an EU summit to make progress on tax transparency. Miliband this week criticised the PM – who has vowed to make tax a top priority for the UK's presidency of the G8 this year – over his failure to confront Schmidt on the issue .
Miliband told the Google-hosted conference on Wednesday: "When Google does great things for the world, I applaud you. But when Eric Schmidt says, its current approach to tax is just capitalism, I disagree. And it's a shame Eric Schmidt isn't here to hear me say this direct: when Google goes to extraordinary lengths to avoid paying its taxes, I say it's wrong.
"And it's not just me that thinks it. It is crystal clear from your own founding principles."
Google paid only £10m in corporation tax in the UK between 2006 and 2011, despite revenues of £11.9bn.
Clegg told a press conference in London on Wednesday: "My overall approach to tax is the obvious one. I put this directly to Eric Schmidt from Google and other business leaders at a meeting in Downing Street a couple of days ago.
"We are bringing the tax burden on corporations down by lowering the rate of corporation tax but in return people have to pay their fair share."
He said tax havens were symptoms of the growing pains of globalisation. "You have got tax systems that are national, rooted in an old economy, and now we have got these new corporate Goliaths that operate in this disembodied way, particularly in the digital sector, who quite unsurprisingly think they can exploit the best deal for themselves in the cracks and crevices between the national tax systems.
"What we can do and what we are doing, absolutely at the core of our G8 agenda, is to say we have got to ensure the rules apply more evenly across the piece so big companies can't play cat and mouse with the tax system."
Aides stressed that Clegg's comments to Schmidt, made during a regular meeting of the PM's business advisory group, should not be seen as a dressing down. The deputy PM raised the issue of Google's tax affairs in a "polite but firm" way as an example of the controversies which have embroiled a number of major companies in recent months, said an aide.
Clegg told Schmidt there was massive public concern "as Google are finding out" that, at a time of austerity for ordinary households and businesses, big companies should pay their fair share of tax.
Clegg also admitted that some European Union nations such as Ireland were making it harder to reach an international agreement to clamp down on avoidance.
He said he was not "seeking to impose some rigid straightjacket of tax harmonisation", but "you do have to have clear standards of transparency and rules by which taxes are administered".
He added: "There are some governments that feel [these companies] have stolen a march on tax jurisdictions and are concerned that this will erode their competitive advantage. I think the worm has turned on this. There is now a feeling – you can see it America, Germany, the US and France – that people construct a system where there is a level playing field."
Oxfam, the leftwing NGO devoted to poverty relief has released a new report blaming poverty in wealth inequality. In other words, its central claim is that the existence of very wealthy people creates poverty.
The report is largely just an extended op-ed that asserts that the existence of some very wealthy people is the cause of poverty in the world. Notable buzzwords and phrases include "trickle down," "obscene levels of inequality," and "neoliberalism."
The "solution" to the alleged problem, which should surprise no one, is a list of taxes that should be either introduced or raised significantly, including higher income taxes, "a tax on financial transactions," a "global wealth tax," and a so-called "anonymous wealth tax."
These taxes, we are told, will put an end to the poverty-causing inequality that now is a global crisis.
But there's a problem for Oxfam in this data. The report never actually demonstrates that inequality causes poverty, or how it does it. It does claim that many wealthy people are getting richer faster than poor people. As Marketwatch sums up:
Oxfam said new data from its report “An Economy for the 99%,” shows that between 1988 and 2011, the incomes of the poorest 10% rose by just $3 a year, while incomes of the richest 1% increased 182 times that much. In 2015, the world's richest 1% held on to their share of global wealth, owning vastly more than the other 99%, said the charity.
Even this statement is questionable, as Felix Salmon points out at Fusion. The way the report calculates wealth has a tenuous relationship with reality:
The result is that if you use Oxfam's methodology, my niece, with 50 cents in pocket money, has more wealth than the bottom 40% of the world's population combined. As do I, and as do you, most likely, assuming your net worth is positive. You don't need to find eight super-wealthy billionaires to arrive at a shocking wealth statistic; you can take just about anybody.
Economist Mateusz Machaj adds at mises.org:
[I]f you put 30 dollars into your bank account, does it mean that you caused extreme poverty for 10% of the world population? This is what Oxfam is implying in its biased pseudo-economic analysis.
But, let's just a for minute accept Oxfam's central claim that the rich are getting rich faster than the poor. This in itself tells us something. It used to be that we were told "the rich get richer while the poor get poorer."
Note, however that Oxfam does not claim this. They can't claim this because the poor are not getting poorer.
In fact, the the global poor have more access to basic necessities and wealth than ever before.
Global Poverty Is In Decline
But, as this data shows, global poverty has been declining for decades:
Moreover, given that "extreme poverty" as defined by the World Bank no longer even exists in the wealthy "global north," this is really a measure of poverty in places like South Asia and Africa and Latin America.
But what about more tangible issues such as hunger and starvation? Well, that's been falling significantly as well in recent decades. According to data from the the UN's Food and Agriculture Organization, we find:
In this case, I've included data for South Asia (which includes places like India and Bangladesh) and Sub-Saharan Africa for comparison. Note that in all cases, malnourishment is in decline.
On a related note, we might also look to access to clean water and sanitation. After all, water-borne disease is one of the worst afflictions still faced by people in the poorest parts of the world. Here too, there has been progress:
But, as any parent knows, infant mortality is one of the most noticeable and important measures of well-being. Fortunately, this is one of the areas where the most progress has been made, as we can see:
But merely avoiding death is never enough. How about education? Well, world literacy rates are rising:
The Oxfam report, of course, ignores all of this. When the Oxfam report says that certain groups are "worse off," what they really mean is that people in those demographic or socio-economic groups tend to be improving their situation more slowly than people in other groups. "Worse off" most certainly does not mean "worse now compared to 20 years ago."
Our Enemy, the Markets
But, Oxfam has identified who is at fault for the fact that many people aren't getting rich as quickly as we'd like. The group they have identified is, not surprisingly, the "neoliberals."
As we've noted here before, "neoliberal" is an amorphous term that has been applied to everyone from Janet Yellen to Ludwig von Mises. Neoliberalis should not be confused with advocates for free-markets. Nevertheless, some neoliberals do indeed engage in limited advocacy for markets. From the left's perspective, however, the primary problem with the neoliberals is not their many deviations from free-market economics — a support for central banks chief among these deviations. The problem with neoliberals, we are told, is their limited pro-market rhetoric. Thus, we see time and time again that any reform that moves in the direction of less government regulation or more freedom in markets is denounced as "neoliberal." "Neoliberal" is in many cases simply code for "libertarian."
To its credit, the report spends a few short paragraphs on the problem of "crony capitalism," noting that:
Since 1990, there has been a big increase in billionaire wealth that has been derived from industries with very close relationships to governments, such as construction and mining. This is particularly true in the developing world, but is also an important factor in the rich world.
The report neglects to note that this has been especially true in the wealthy West in the financial sector. The marriage between huge banks and central banks has been an enormous source of crony capitalism in the West and has helped to enrich the wealthiest through the money-creation mechanisms at central banks.
But, as we might expect, the problem of the wealthy using political power to enrich themselves is not solved by reducing the power of political institutions. No, when the wealthy abuse the power of the state, the solution is to make the state more powerful! How exactly this will then prevent from the wealthy from abusing the state's even-greater power remains unanswered.
"Just raise taxes" is the moral of the Oxfam story. "You can trust us and our friends in government."
There's No Causal Relationship Between Inequality and Poverty
Ultimately, the Oxfam report is little more than a demand for higher taxes. It does not show how inequality causes poverty, and it resorts to abusing language by implying that people become "worse off" when someone else becomes better off faster.
Carefully ignoring the fact that the global spread of markets in recent decades has coincided with enormous declines in poverty, the report focuses on inequality, without ever demonstrating why it's so bad.
This, however, is where arguments about inequality almost always end up: the fight against inequality becomes an end in itself because it cannot be shown that inequality is an obstacle to reducing poverty.
If every person in the world had access to clean, safe housing, clean food and water, basic health care, and reading materials for education, wouldn't we consider this a great victory for mankind? After all, a dry room to sleep in and enough food to eat was regarded as something of a utopian fantasy in the 19th century in the West. Since then, the West, of course, has already far surpassed this and the rest of the world is moving in the same direction.
But, Oxfam would have you believe that these victories would mean nothing if there are rich people out there somewhere who own a yacht, or have a home theater system, or own a luxury car. Whether or not the poor are gaining access to basic necessities mean nothing to them so long as other people are buying luxuries.
Their "solution" is simply to redistribute wealth from the wealthiest to the poorest — after governments take their cut, of course.
But this solution assumes that wealth creation would continue at the same pace once massive new redistribution schemes are put in place. Would large corporations continue to employ as many people or pay dividends to as many investors — many of whom are hardly billionaires themselves — were the wealth of those organizations redistributed? That is hardly a given. Workers would almost certainly find themselves with fewer options.
Not surprisingly, the empirical data is clear that countries with more free trade, more wealth, and more freedom in markets are better places for the poor to live.
According to analysis from the Fraser Institute, we find that the lowest percentiles of earners make more in more economically free countries, and also possess a larger share of the wealth.
In more economically free countries, there is less poverty overall:
In more economically free countries, the poorest have more of the total share of wealth:
In more economically free countries, the poorest have more income:
If we seek to make further gains against poverty, the solution is obvious.
Jay Mohr Drops N-Bombs In Bizarre Boosie Badazz Twitter Rant
Jay Mohr Drops N-Bombs In Bizarre Boosie Badazz Twitter Rant
First Bill Maher, now another white comic is dropping the n-bomb -- this time, it's Jay Mohr who used the word twice in a Twitter rant about rapper Boosie Badazz.
Mohr was reacting to an interview Boosie did describe how he witnessed fellow prison inmates engaging in anal sex. Boosie made several homophobic comments during the interview.
Jay tweeted about the interview -- pointing out Boosie's gratuitous use of the n-word.
"LIL Boosie says N**ga 19 times but twitter accusing him of Being homophobic," Jay wrote.
Mohr then weighed in on a separate Twitter conversation -- in which one commenter called another commenter "corny."
Jay wrote, "This n**ga just got called corny."
For the record, Jay has been using the n-word in his stand-up routine for years -- and has never really taken heat for it.
But now, with the backlash against Bill Maher -- and the fact he's dating Lakers owner Jeanie Buss -- is it the best idea to be using the n-word so cavalierly??
Jay's not backing down.
Last weekend was Anime Expo in Los Angeles and, as has occurred at past conventions, Viz had a Moon Panel on Sailor Moon Day. One thing which was announced at this panel was the cast for the upcoming English versions of Sailor Moon S The Movie, Sailor Moon SuperS The Movie and the Ami's First Love special which plays with Sailor Moon SuperS. The films will be showing in theatres in late July and early August. The cast is a mix of new voice actors, a few who are returning after minor roles and some main cast members doing minor roles in the films.
First up is the cast of the Sailor Moon S Movie which has Kakeru, the man who Luna falls in love with, Himeko, an astronaut and part of Kakeru's love triangle, and Princess Snow Kaguya, the villain of the film.
Himeko is voiced by Claudia Lenz, who also goes by the name of Eden Riegel, who previously voiced Koan in Viz's new dub of Sailor Moon R and Sailor Moon Crystal.
For the long titled Sailor Moon SuperS: The Nine Sailor Guardians Unite! Miracle of the Black Dream Hole we have a cast which includes Poupelin, Banae and Oranja, the three villain henchmen, Perle, the reformed villain and love interest for Chibiusa, the Bonbon Babies, giant candy looking monsters, and Badiane, the main villain seeking to imprison the Earth's children into an energy dreaming eternal slumber not unlike The Matrix.
We have a few returning cast members here! Banane is voiced by Ben Diskin who is Umino in the series and the Ami's First Love special as well as Fiore from Sailor Moon R The Movie. Oranja is voiced by Robbie Daymond who plays Tuxedo Mask in the series and all of these movies. The Bonbon Babies are voiced by Erica Mendez who is a Sailor Uranus in the series and films and also voiced Reika. Badiane is voiced by Tara Sands who has played a number of single episode roles in Sailor Moon and was also Bulbasaur in Pokémon.
Finally we have the Ami's First Love short which plays with the Sailor Moon SuperS film. The only new voices here are Bunnun, the voice of the monster, and Mercurius, Ami's rival.
Both of these actors were also in Sailor Moon SuperS. The voice of Bonnun, Colleen O'Shaughnessey, is also Perle in the SuperS film. The voice of Mercurius, Kyle McCarley, was also Poupelin in the SuperS film.
For show times and a list of participating theatres be sure to check out the Fathom Events web site. The Sailor Moon S movie will be shown with the R movie dubbed on July 28th and subbed on July 30th. The Sailor Moon SuperS movie will be shown with the Ami's First Love special dubbed on August 4th and subbed on August 6th.
Though the Fathom Events site only lists US theatres Canadians will also have a chance to see these films on those same dates at select Cineplex theatres. Though show times and theatres are not yet listed on their site keep and eye out on their listings for dubbed and subbed showings of Sailor Moon R and S as well as dubbed and subbed showings of Sailor Moon SuperS and Ami's First Love.
Are any of you going to be able to see these films in your cities? It was a real treat to see Sailor Moon R in theatres a couple of years ago and I hope to be able to get out to see the other films as well!
Image caption The Santos government continues to urge rebels to lay down their weapons
Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos says Farc rebels must show they are genuine about seeking peace before any talks can resume.
"We don't want more rhetoric, the country demands clear acts of peace," Mr Santos wrote on Twitter.
He was responding to remarks by the rebels' new leader that they were "interested" in negotiations.
Peace talks broke down in 2002 after the rebels hijacked a plane.
President Santos has repeatedly stated that he is willing to talk to the rebels but only if they first release all the hostages they hold and end attacks.
On Tuesday, he reiterated this position, saying the Revolutionary Armed Force of Colombia (Farc) must take real steps towards peace.
"They can forget a new Caguan," he wrote, referring to a demilitarised zone where peace talks were held between 1999 and 2002.
The guerrillas were seen as having used those negotiations to buy time to re-arm and reinforce their ranks.
Farc leader Rodrigo Londono - better known by his alias, Timochenko - said in a statement published on Monday that there were "issues we are interested in dealing with at a hypothetical negotiating table".
But he did not explain what he meant by "hypothetical".
The Farc, the country's oldest rebel group, has suffered a series of setbacks in recent years, losing thousands of fighters and several of their top commanders.
Timochenko replaced Farc leader Alfonso Cano who was killed by the security forces last November.
But the rebels remain powerful in large areas of rural Colombia, thanks in part to money gained from cocaine production and trafficking.
As we approach the Labor Day holiday, it's a good time to look back and review all of the great content that's been published so far this year. It's been a busy time in the world of digital marketing, considering everything from the highly influential launch of the Penguin algorithm update to shifts in the way consumers engage with social networks and mobile devices.
If you're feeling behind the times, here are a few of the best articles I've seen published so far this year:
SEO Industry Changes
So far in 2012, Google's Penguin update launch has been far and away the biggest story in SEO. However, don't let the dominance of Penguin-related coverage fool you. There have been plenty of other important tweaks as well.
For example, although it seems like ages ago, Google's “Search, plus Your World” feature was only launched in January of this year. In addition, we've also seen changes made to sites that feature copyrighted content, to the way keyword data is displayed within Google's SEO tools and to the impact negative SEO can have on a site's search rankings.
Take a look at the following articles to brief yourself on these topics:
Social Media
Beyond changes made to the search engine algorithms, the role and impact of social media have been changing as well. As consumers begin to rely on these popular websites more and more—and as the search engines give an increasingly large priority to certain signals found on these networks—2012 can be described as the year in which social media became a “must have” for organizations, rather than just an added perk.
To brush up on your social media marketing techniques or overhaul your company's strategy, check out the following articles on the subject:
Link Building
Link building remains important, but given the focus of the Penguin update on unnatural link building techniques, it's safe to say that this aspect of SEO has changed more than any other in 2012. If you're concerned that your link building techniques may be out-of-date according to new SEO best practices, read on for updated guidelines:
Blogging and Content Marketing
Content marketing is poised to make one of the biggest jumps in importance ever, given the potential for natural link creation this tactic provides. If you don't yet have a company blog or a content marketing strategy in place, you simply must give the following articles a read:
Branding and Marketing
Google hasn't shied away from sharing its love of big brands. From the search giant's standpoint, this makes sense, as customers are often more likely to report positive user experiences on branded sites than on their “no name” competitors.
Unfortunately, this isn't always good news for smaller websites, who may have lacked the budget, resources, or wherewithal to develop their brands in the past. If you find yourself in this tenuous position, the following posts will provide the guidance needed to help you develop and launch a new branding campaign:
Pay-Per-Click Advertising
If you're in the market for fast traffic, you simply can't beat pay-per-click (PPC) advertising. However, given the steep learning curve that's sometimes associated with this marketing method, you'd be wise to take heed of the following advice on how to manage these campaigns effectively:
Conversion Rate Optimization
Conversion rate optimization (CRO) should be a priority for any webmaster working today, whether you've set up a website to sell products or to simply disseminate a message. If it's true that “what gets measured, gets managed,” it's easy to see why failing to implement a proper CRO plan on your website (according to the recommendations found in the following articles) limits your site's overall effectiveness!
Mobile Marketing
Smartphone penetration and usage have never been higher, and there's no sign these trends will slow down or reverse any time in the near future. Smart companies are investing in marketing strategies that allow them to capture these mobile users, so you'll want to take a look at the guidelines found in the following great blog posts:
General Business Topics
Finally, not all great blog posts need to revolve around an actionable technique or specific aspect of SEO. Indeed, the following articles all have important business insights to share, even if they can't be classified by a single SEO category:
Have you read another great digital marketing article recently that didn't make this list? Share your own recommendations in the comments section below!
Category SEO
Florida is basically one gigantic hunk of porous limestone with pythons, buildings, and Medicare frauds sunning themselves on top. Underneath is South Florida's main source of drinking water, the Biscayne Aquifer, a pristine pool of underground liquid that's become increasingly susceptible to pollution and saltwater intrusion.
Just below that sits another, deeper store of H2O called the Floridan Aquifer. Thanks to that porous limestone, water sometimes mixes between the two.
And that's why it's more than a bit alarming that Florida Power & Light (FPL) is pushing ahead with plans to inject radioactive waste into the Floridan Aquifer's lowest zone over the next few decades, after building two new nuclear reactors in South Florida. Environmentalists contend the plan could leak carcinogens such as cesium, strontium 90, and tritium right into South Florida's largest drinking water source.
Continue Reading
Last week, a nonprofit environmentalist group that has frequently sparred with FPL, the Citizens Allied for Safe Energy (CASE), filed a formal petition to hold a hearing to stop the utility company's plan. The group filed November 28 — FPL now has 25 days to respond to the complaint.
"Everything will be put into a supposedly 'hermetically sealed' boulder zone," CASE's president, Barry J. White, says, "but anybody who lives in South Florida knows nothing below us is hermetically sealed."
An FPL spokesperson, Peter Robbins, provided the following statement to New Times:
After an exhaustive and comprehensive review of the proposed Turkey Point Units 6 & 7 project, including the plans to safely use reclaimed water for cooling, the independent Nuclear Regulatory Commission's staff concluded "…there are no environmental impacts to preclude issuing Combined Licenses to build and operate two reactors next to the existing Turkey Point nuclear power plant." We will be reviewing the allegations made by CASE in this document, which was filed after the Environmental Impact Statement was issued, and will respond at the appropriate time. It's important to note that the system will be closely monitored and is designed to ensure that upward flow from the Floridan Aquifer is not taking place.
But the radioactive-waste issue is just the latest flap for the utility monopoly. FPL recently won a yearlong fight to raise customer rates by $811 million despite turning a $1.6 billion profit last year. The company also wasted $8 million on a failed plan to deceive voters and make it harder for them to obtain solar panels for their homes.
FPL's parent company also partly owns the Sabal Trail pipeline, which, if built, will controversially run from central Alabama, through Georgia, and down to Orlando. Protest camps have sprung up in three Florida cities to stop the pipeline's progress.
The new radioactive-waste fight stems from FPL's long-standing plan to expand the much-ballyhooed nuclear plant at Turkey Point. The power company — a "legalized monopoly" within Florida that's long been accused of buying off the state Legislature with campaign cash — wants to build two new reactors, numbers 6 and 7, at the plant over the next decade or two.
Earlier this year, Miami-Dade County officials said Turkey Point is almost certainly leaking radioactive waste into Biscayne Bay, though at levels that most scientists agree is safe for humans. After that news broke, FPL decided to postpone building the new reactors for four more years. That means the new towers won't be operational until roughly 2030.
But the extended timeframe doesn't mean Miamians can stop paying attention to the project. FPL is applying for licenses to build the new towers, as well as crafting a host of plans to get the new wing operational. This includes a review from the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC), which issued an environmental impact statement in May.
The Biscayne Aquifer United States Geological Survey
As part of that plan, FPL says it plans to stash chemicals used to clean the reactors, as well as "radwaste" — waste that contains radioactive material — inside the so-called boulder zone. The zone, which sits about 3,000 feet below ground, is mostly rocky but does contain saltwater. Miami-Dade County has used the zone before to stash both treated and untreated sewage — but activists say that's no excuse for placing radioactive waste there.
"Two wrongs don't make a right," White says. "I've always opposed dumping anything there."
The feds must approve FPL's plan under a law called the National Environmental Policy Act, which stipulates that governmental agencies must take a "hard look" at any possible risks a plan like FPL's would pose. (The "hard look" provision is legally vague and sparks frequent fights among environmentalists, energy companies, and the government.) FPL initially applied to build the new reactors in 2009, but the government issued its final Environmental Impact Statement only this past October. The NRC allowed the project to move forward.
But CASE says the government ignored a number of small but frightening details when it comes to storing radioactive waste underground: For one, government documents themselves say the Floridan's boulder zone could possibly leak into the ocean.
According to CASE's complaint, the United States Ground Water Atlas, a government document, warns that the boulder zone "is thought to be connected to the Atlantic Ocean, possibly about 25 miles east of Miami, where the sea floor is almost 2,800 feet deep along the Straits of Florida." CASE's petition says the NRC failed to address this issue.
"Liquid Radwaste? Into the Boulder Zone?" the petition says. "Our members probably have not even heard of that and, when they do, it will scare the daylight out of them. Even small, diluted amounts of radioactive waste will accumulate and concentrate radiation which is not confined like water and can be absorbed by plant life."
More frightening, in January 2016, in a hearing related to Turkey Point Reactors 3 and 4, FPL's own engineer testified that the boulder zone could leak upward into the Biscayne aquifer — AKA, Miami-Dade's drinking water.
MR. ANDERSEN: Yes. I agree with everything Bill is saying. In addition, too, that there is an upward hydraulic gradient from the Floridan [Aquifer] to the Biscayne [Aquifer]. The Floridan is under pressure. Therefore, you have flow from the Floridan into the Biscayne and not vice versa.
Likewise, CASE cited a 2000 University of Miami study that also warned that material injected into the boulder zone can float to the surface.
"Effluent injected from Turkey Point will flow up the surface's gradient to the northwest and then probably north, where it will have many opportunities to encounter breaks in the permeability barrier in this lateral travel," the petition says.
CASE says the NRC failed to investigate either of these issues as well.
"Thus, as these two studies show, there is no guarantee that the discharges of harsh chemicals into the boulder zone will stay put," CASE warns. "It is more likely that they will migrate in all directions and, over time, pose a threat to the entire Biscayne Aquifer, which covers some 4,000 square miles in South Florida."
White, who wrote the petition, faults FPL for clinging to a 20th-century business model too reliant on fossil fuels and nuclear energy.
"They have ignored the potential of a different business model," White says. In his petition, he claims that the state could add $200 million in GDP from renewable energy sources — and that FPL could rake in a huge cut of that money if it commits to building clean energy sources.
CASE also raised three other major issues with the new reactors, including that the two towers might suck far too much freshwater from the state's aquifers.
"Our organization's whole objective is to return Turkey Point to being a wetland," White says. "We don't need it to be totally clear. They can put solar array down there. I wouldn't even mind if they used gas. But they need to do it without impinging on the needs of the land."
If the NRC doesn't listen, he says, his next step will be to try to get the attention of the Florida Legislature.
"People have injected this waste into the land before, but not into a flowing body of water like this," he says. "How anybody who has an iota of conscience can put radioactive waste into a body of water that humans and animals use, it's like, 'Are you crazy? What are you doing?'"
Here's CASE's full petition:
Harry Styles dressed in a black shirt and very vibrantly colored pink suit, performed some of his new solo material on The Today Show on May 9th, 2017 launching the 2017 Citi Concert Series on the Plaza in New York City. Styles premiered his new single “Carolina” for the first time ever on live tv, this single comes from his debut self-titled solo album which comes out on May 12th. This was his second-ever live solo performance, his first being just days ago on Saturday Night Live. He also performed “Sign Of The Times,” and “Ever Since New York,” then Styles also surprised the fans with One Direction's single “Stockholm Syndrome” off their fourth studio album, Four. Fans went into an instant screaming frenzy, and had a massive sing along with Styles.
Styles' former One Direction bandmate, Niall Horan, is also announced to perform the TODAY SHOW on May 29th, 2017.
Not Bad for an Ape
by Admiral Fartmore
Book Assigner's Note (Dewey Booklover): In addition to being a television personality and totally legit author, Snooki is technically a professional wrestler. She appeared on WWE on two separate occasions, which earned her a prestigious Slammy in 2011 (accepted via satellite).
What kind of story appears in your mind when you hear the title Gorilla Beach? For me, it suggests a classic adventure to unknown lands, a tale of mystery and ambition. Something like the ill-fated 1995 film Congo, which wove a tragic narrative including individual greed, man's hubris, betrayal, Tim Curry as a “Romanian”, and of course, gorillas drinking martinis / gorillas getting shot with lasers. So when I was handed Gorilla Beach by Nicole “Snooki” Polizzi, I was expecting something along the lines of this:
But my dream would not be realized.
In fact, gorillas are just what Snooki calls big tanned dudes on steroids, so Gorilla Beach is just a beach with buff guidos on it. And this is just a book about two guidettes on a mission to bang them. Simple concept, but I understand if you are still confused. One thing I learned in this process is that Snooki uses a lot of unique terms like “gorilla” to describe things, such as calling her vagina a “kookah,” calling sex “smush,” and so on. I also learned that this lexicon was basically the only thing that she contributed to this book, as she openly admitted to using an anonymous co-author.
Actually, sorry. That's not true. She did a great job of posing for the cover:
No gorillas were harmed in the making of this book cover
And so in reality this is a book about some Jersey Shore gals doing the kind of stuff Jersey Shore fans want to hear about them doing: partying, makin' sassy poop and peepee jokes, checking out hot guys, being hot, making out in public, and so on. What's the plot, you ask? Uhh, it's summer vacation, dumbass: two hot chicks, Gia and Bella, hook up with a nerd and spend a couple weeks winning big at a casino while meeting a cast of crazy characters along the way. Things get hairy and they lose it all – the friends and the money! – but eventually they make amends with everyone, opening a bar together and proving that the loyalty of good friends is all ya really need. And the nerdy character even learns to be less nerdy!
The main thing I'm going to focus on is the fact that this book wasn't written by Snooki. When you know this, it makes it kind of awkward to read lines like “My tan is mad hawt … I heart my juicy badonk … My boobs are total boybait.” It's someone trying to write like Snooki or like a guido, so what you end up with is an even-more cartoon version of what is already a pretty cartoon lifestyle. It can't help but feel like some kind of literary bronze-face. Everything is absurd, it's almost parody. Almost. Just take a look at some of the chapter titles:
That's the first 15 of 54 total chapters.
The only way I can really describe this book is gross. It's just constant descriptions about how hot, moist, moldy, and smelly everything is. And tons of poop jokes. So much poop.
When I look at this, all I can think is “who actually wrote this thing?” Since the author is anonymous, it could be anyone. I tried contacting the publisher to get a name – no response. I tried tweeting at Saturn-award-winning-actor Brent Spiner to see if he'd written it – no response. There's a complete media blackout on whoever actually wrote this book. But if neither Simon and Schuster Publishing nor Saturn-award-winning-actor Brent Spiner were going to tell me who wrote this, then I'd have to figure this damn thing out for myself.
The story has a real space odyssey-like vibe to it, filled with nonsense side characters and events that add flavour but don't really drive the story. For example, early on we meet the manager of a country western bar who also happens to be afraid of seeing his own shit. As introduced by his mother, “my boy has issues. He doesn't like to see his poops. Even when he was a baby, he'd cry hysterically as soon as his diaper was full.” (WHAT?)
These distracting events and characters lend nothing to the tepid plot. It's just a bunch of crazy fillers to provide more magic than the story alone holds. Like something out of a George Lucas cinematic re-release, these kinds of zany freaks are shoehorned in to make the guido-verse feel more like a living and breathing place than the narrative provides. And so after ruling out Saturn-award-winning actor Brent Spiner, the next suspect on my list of potential authors was Saturn-award-winning writer and director George Lucas.
George Lucas, rumored co-author of Gorilla Beach.
Now, to be fair, the cropophobic-country-western-bar-owner, Fredo, does turn out to be a fairly significant character, but the fact that he's scared of his own shit really has nothing to do with anything. It's just a distracting gag that clogs up the story (there are also 3 clogged toilet gags in the book). But turds ain't the only thing he's scared of, the poor fella:
That's right. He's a “femalephobe.”
But enough about Fredo. He's just one man, and our guidettes pride themselves on encountering much more than just one man. There's a whole host of zany characters in the Jersey Shore expanded universe, including: Captain Morgan – the police chief, Olga – the fortune teller, and Father Guido – the Italian Priest that runs Thursday-night bingo and-a talks-a like-a theeeeesss:
The characters' names generally reflect their qualities, something George Lucas is known to incorporate into his writing. The beautiful protagonist is named Bella. Gia, the other protagonist, gets duped by a handsome guy named Ponzi. The dangerous casino boss is named Violenti. The Puerto-Rican rickshaw driver is named Juan. This is vintage Lucas in action.
And the plot does follow the format that put Lucas on the map: unassuming heroes leave their hometown, get wrapped up in something bigger than themselves, succeed over insurmountable odds, and ultimately find victory and return home with success alongside their friends. The Gia character also has a superpower (clairvoyance) that she has to learn to use responsibly. Hint: not cheating at casinos. There's also strong themes of generational conflict and breaking out from under your parents yoke, as we see in Fredo's final confrontation with his overbearing mother:
Add this all up, and I was nearly convinced that this was the work of George Lucas. But something struck me in the conclusion of the book. In the end, all the main characters open up a bar together called Venus, and they all contribute to the bar in their own unique way. Will, an artist they met, paints the walls of the club with “some tasteful orgy scenes.” Will's friend Koko becomes the DJ (DJ Koko). Bella and Gia become the bartenders. They even hire Juan, the Puerto-Rican rickshaw driver, as a security guard. Except Juan is now described not as a “300 pound Puerto Rican,” but rather, as a “barrel chested Mexican.” Hmmmm?
Something doesn't feel right here. Everything about this spray-tanned 0dyssey screams George Lucas: flat villains, dumb names, poo-poo jokes, and stilted dialogue. But George Lucas does not mix up his Puerto Ricans and his Mexicans. No, siree – that is one mistake you won't find him making. So then who the hell wrote this thing? Well, I've got one last guess.
This book is loaded with self-reference and parody. The characters themselves like “The Jersey Shore.” Will, the artist, has a portrait of Snooki on his wall. So if one “author” includes a reference to her real world self, it stands to reason that the ghostwriter might do the same. So then who or what in this book could provide us a hint as to the identity of the author? Could it be one of the idiotic side characters? Perhaps Father Guido? Maybe one of the brothers, Mario and Luigi? Captain Morgan? Ponzi? The Puerto-Mexican, Juan? And then it hit me – DJ Koko.
DJ Koko… Gorilla Beach…. Koko…. Gorilla…. Koko the Gorilla.
How could I have been so blind? It was that damn dirty ape all along. It explains everything – the poor diction, the lack of imagination, shit-flinging comedy, the confusion over different human backgrounds – this book was ghost written by Koko the Gorilla of the The San Francisco Zoo. It's the only thing that makes sense, and I'm satisfied with that answer until Simon and Schuster Publishers are willing to prove me otherwise.
@sfzoo “Gorilla Beach,” a book by Snooki has an uncredited co-author. Can you confirm or deny if Koko the Gorilla served as ghostwriter? — P.O.S. Book Club (@POSBookClub) February 26, 2017
Humble as ever, Koko's publicists have yet refused to comment on her involvement. But you know what? I say congratulations, Koko.
All in all, this book ain't too bad for an ape.
ADMIRALFARTMORE
If you didn't see this theme coming… =p
As I sat there racking my brain on what to make: fondue, heart meal, heart-shaped cake, romantic steak dinner for one…I landed on fondue from a few suggestions from the coworkers. Then I saw some cake pops on a friend's Facebook page and thought, oh how fun! I was thinking of combining cake pops and a chocolate fondue. “That'll be awesome!” was my grand thought. So then I looked up how to make these these cake pops. Here was my thought process: whole cake – ok, whole tub of icing – ok, coat in melted chocolate (or candy) – getting sweet, add that to the dipping of chocolate fondue – too sweet!
Back to square one, until chatting with another friend, who gave me the idea of Oreo pops (thanks Elle!)
I need to work on decorating. Heart-shaped makes it love right?
So I decided to make them for the coworkers and friends on Thursday for our nightly dinner. Turns out, they were a bit harder to make and mold than I thought.
Heart shapes are hard to mold!
Coating them was hard too.
I lost 2 of the 3 hearts I made. sad. I also should have gotten a block of Styrofoam to let them sit in, so they dry with a nice round coating.
I hope everyone enjoys these! Cause really, who hates Oreos on a stick =)
INGREDIENTS
1 package of double stuffed Oreos 8 oz block of cream cheese 1 package of almond bark 1 package of lollipop sticks food coloring (optional)
INSTRUCTIONS
1. Blend Oreos in a blender or food processor. 2. Dump those crumbs into a bowl. 3. Mix in one block of cream cheese and stir that all together until well blended. 4. Then roll them into balls and put them in the fridge to cool for an hour. 5. Afterwards, melt the almond bark and dip each tip of the lollipop stick in some of the bark before putting them into the Oreo balls. (Note, if you want to coat the balls in different colors, make different batches of the bark and add the food coloring here). 6. Then coat the Oreo balls in the melted almond bark and put back in the fridge for another hour. (Note, save some bark to melt later if you want to add some farther decorations to the outside).
Advertisements
The Lodha panel wants Test and ODI cricket in India to be ad-free between overs © BCCI
One of the more radical recommendations of the Lodha panel report is one that would resonate most with cricket fans: restricting advertisement breaks during broadcast of Tests and ODIs in India to only the drinks, lunch and tea intervals. This effectively would mean no ad breaks at the end of overs, which could turn the Indian cricket economy on its head and, according to those in the TV business, ultimately send subscription rates sky high.
The Lodha report is fairly clear: "It is recommended that all existing contracts for international Test & One-Day matches be revised and new ones ensure that only breaks taken by both teams for drinks, lunch and tea will permit the broadcast to be interrupted with advertisements, as is the practice internationally. Also, the entire space of the screen during the broadcast will be dedicated to the display of the game, save for a small sponsor logo or sign."
Taking note of how commerce has "overtaken" the enjoyment of cricket, the Lodha panel pointed to how "regardless of the wicket that has fallen, century having been hit or other momentous event, full liberty is granted to maximise the broadcaster's income by cutting away to a commercial, thereby robbing sport of its most attractive attribute - emotion."
The recommendation stems from the committee's belief that fans' viewing experience is interrupted in international games. To offset the commercial impact of this recommendation, the committee exempted the IPL, from which the BCCI makes the bulk of its revenues. The recommendation would ensure the viewers would have uninterrupted views of the game, the changes, and the emotions even at change of ends.
One of India's top sports broadcasting professionals, however, felt such recommendations would have a "cascading effect" on Indian cricket's ecosystem. "There is a certain cost that a broadcaster pays, a certain rights fee," he told ESPNcricinfo. "The rights fee has to be recovered either through a combination of advertising and subscription or only through subscription. The broadcaster does some recovery from advertising."
According to him, a reduction in the quantum of advertisements would invariably result in a greater burden of subscription fee being passed on to the end consumer. He pointed to the scenario in the US where the subscription charges are significantly higher when compared to India.
"Right now they [subscribers in India] barely pay Rs 5-10 for a cricket channel like Star Sports or Sony Max," the official said. "[If advertising revenue is curbed] it will jump to the levels in the US."
He said advertisements wouldn't get much play during the lunch or tea intervals as viewers tune out. This, in his opinion, would result in a fall in the number of advertisements and the value of advertisement inventory. It is understood that Star Sports, who hold the broadcast rights for Indian cricket, wouldn't stand to lose since its contract with the BCCI allows for renegotiation of terms should the recommendations come into effect.
The official, though, felt the larger problem was the financial implications it would have on the BCCI given the revenue earned from sale of broadcast rights was the board's major cash cow. "What a broadcaster can pay for these rights will have to be revised downwards, and I mean really substantially. The numbers will go down by half if not more.
"The BCCI is a healthy body and you have so much cricket infrastructure in this country because the BCCI gets all this money," he said. "Let us say if the implications of all this would mean a billion-dollar contract becomes half-a-billion dollar contract then the BCCI's capacity to invest in cricket will have to come down by half."
He also said it would dissuade broadcasters from investing in Indian cricket given other viable options. "If a broadcaster is looking at cricket then everybody should dump BCCI rights and start bidding for Australia and England and South Africa and rights of other countries where none of these encumbrances apply. Tomorrow if I have to bid I will bid for those rights."
The official also felt there were inconsistencies in the manner the committee had exempted T20 cricket, more specifically the IPL, from these regulations. "Cricket rights are already seriously overheated on per-match value," the official said. "For the BCCI rights, Star Sports pays around Rs 43 crore, while in the IPL the per-match license fee is only about Rs 10-11 crore, they are fine for the ads to run.
"If Star is expected to cough up Rs 43 crore, it would need legitimate avenues to recover that money. A broadcaster wouldn't mind broadcasts being made totally ad-free but then the value of the rights will have to be equally adjusted."
While it is learned the committee studied broadcast models adopted in countries like Australia and the UK, there is no reference in its report to broadcasting corporations in India being interviewed. "They didn't speak to companies like Star or Sony," the official said. "I don't know what input they have used [to arrive at the recommendations]."
With inputs from Nagraj Gollapudi. Arun Venugopal is a correspondent at ESPNcricinfo.
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
Sony's logo is seen outside the company's headquarters in Tokyo. (Photo11: Itsuo Inouye, AP)
Shares of Sony have jumped nearly 3% in pre-market trading Tuesday, as the electronics giant gets ready to launch its long-awaited PlayStation 4 video game console.
The device goes on sale in the U.S. this Friday, November 15, for $399. That's $100 less than rival Microsoft's Xbox One, launching November 22 for $499.
This week's arrival of the PS4 sets up another video game console battle between Sony, Microsoft and Nintendo, which launched its Wii U last year. However, the company slashed the price of Wii U in September following weak sales.
Meanwhile, Yelp stock is trading higher, up more than 2%, after investment firm Jefferies raised its price target for shares of the recommendations service from $50 to $80.
Follow Brett Molina on Twitter: @bam923.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1hCCapl
13 Interesting Facts about Dreams
Dreaming is one of the most mysterious experiences in our lives. During the Roman Era, some dreams were submitted to the Roman Senate for analysis and dream interpretation. They were thought to be messages from the gods. Dream interpreters even accompanied military leaders into battles and campaigns! In addition we know, that many artists have received their creative ideas from their dreams. But what do we know about dreams? Here are 13 interesting facts for you.
You Forget 90% of Your Dreams
Within 5 minutes of waking, half of your dream is forgotten. Within 10, 90% is gone.
2. Blind People also Dream
People who became blind after birth can see images in their dreams. People who are born blind do not see any images, but have dreams equally vivid involving their other senses of sound, smell, touch and emotion.
3. Everybody Dreams
Every human being dreams (except in cases of extreme psychological disorder). If you think, you are not dreaming, you just forget your dreams.
4. In Our Dreams We Only See Faces, That We already Know
Our mind is not inventing faces – in our dreams we see real faces of real people that we have seen during our life but may not know or remember. We have all seen hundreds of thousands of faces throughout our lives, so we have an endless supply of characters for our brain to utilize during our dreams.
5. Not Everybody Dreams in Color
A full 12% of sighted people dream exclusively in black and white. The remaining number dream in full color. Studies from 1915 through to the 1950s maintained that the majority of dreams were in black and white, but these results began to change in the 1960s. Today, only 4.4% of the dreams of under-25 year-olds are in black and white. Recent research has suggested that those changing results may be linked to the switch from black-and-white film and TV to color media.
6. Dreams are Symbolic
If you dream about some particular subject it is not often that the dream is about that. Dreams speak in a deeply symbolic language. Whatever symbol your dream picks on it is most unlikely to be a symbol for itself.
7. Emotions
The most common emotion experienced in dreams is anxiety. Negative emotions are more common than positive ones.
8. Recurring Dreams
While the content of most dreams is dreamt only once, many people experience recurring dreams—that is, the same dream narrative is experienced over different occasions of sleep. Up to 70% of females and 65% of males report recurrent dreams.
9. Animals Dream Too
Studies have been done on many different animals, and they all show the same brain waves during dreaming sleep as humans. Watch a dog sleeping sometime. The paws move like they are running and they make yipping sounds as if they are chasing something in a dream.
10. Body Paralysis
Rapid eye movement (REM) sleep is a normal stage of sleep characterized by rapid movements of the eyes. REM sleeps in adult humans typically occupies 20-25% of total sleep, about 90-120 minutes of a night's sleep.
During REM sleep the body is paralyzed by a mechanism in the brain in order to prevent the movements which occur in the dream from causing the physical body to move. However, it is possible for this mechanism to be triggered before, during, or after normal sleep while the brain awakens.
11. Dream Incorporation
Our mind interprets the external stimuli that our senses are bombarded with when we are asleep and make them a part of our dreams. This means that sometimes, in our dreams, we hear a sound from reality and incorporate it in a way. For example you are dreaming that you are in a concert, while your brother is playing a guitar during your sleep.
12. Men and Women Dream Differently
Men tend to dream more about other men. Around 70% of the characters in a man's dream are other men. On the other hand, a woman's dream contains almost an equal number of men and women. Aside from that, men generally have more aggressive emotions in their dreams than the female lot.
13. Precognitive Dreams
Results of several surveys across large population sets indicate that between 18% and 38% of people have experienced at least one precognitive dream and 70% have experienced déjà vu. The percentage of persons that believe precognitive dreaming is possible is even higher, ranging from 63% to 98%.
And for the end:
Dreams are illustrations… from the book your soul is writing about you. (Marsha Norman)
So good night and sweet dreams! I'm going to my bed to check those facts..
NEW DELHI: State governments have seized at least 5,800 tonnes of pulses by carrying out raids on hoarders for keeping more that the permissible quantity.According to a consumer affairs ministry statement, 2,546 tonnes of pulses have been seized in Telengana where 1,820 raids were conducted. In Madhya Pradesh, anti-hoarding raids in 25 locations resulted in seizure of 2,295 tonnes.In Andhra Pradesh, 600 tonnes of pulses have been recovered in 56 raids. In Maharashtra, raids were conducted in Mumbai, Aurangabad, Pune, Amravati, Nasik and Nagpur. Similarly, in Karnataka, inspections were carried out in Mysuru, resulting in recovery of 3,600 quintals of pulses. Raids were also been carried out in Bengaluru.Arhar is selling at Rs 205 per kg in Mysuru while price increased by Rs 4 per kg Delhi and was selling at Rs 167 on Tuesday in comparison to Rs 163 on Monday. This is happening despite government is selling imported arhar at Kendriya Bhandars and Safal outlets at Rs 120 per kg.Meanwhile, imported pulses have been allocated to Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu as per their requests received, the government statement said. Other states have also been asked again to indicate their immediate requirements of pulses from the imported stocks for distribution through retail outlets.
Twitter users came up with hilarious alternative titles to former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton's new memoir Thursday.
Clinton plans to release a book called “What Happened,” which is supposed to explain her personal thoughts on how the 2016 presidential election went. Twitter users quickly made fun of Clinton's book title by coming up with their own titles, using the hashtag “Better Names for Hillary's Book.”
Here are the 10 best ones:
1.)
https://twitter.com/Onision/status/890588602857431040
2.)
How To Set Up A Secure Mail Server #BetterNamesForHillarysBook — Keith Barrett (@KeithBarrett) July 27, 2017
3.)
Seth Rich Died Tryiin' #BetterNamesForHillarysBook — Michael Salamone (@MichaelSalamone) July 27, 2017
4.)
All Quiet on the Wisconsin Front #BetterNamesForHillarysBook — Paul Sacca (@Paul_Sacca) July 27, 2017
5.)
https://twitter.com/iThinker28/status/890628317669335040
6.)
Struggling with Acceptance: The Hillary Clinton Story. #BetterNamesForHillarysBook — VIBE (@jedinerd_) July 27, 2017
7.)
How to lose an election in 10 days #BetterNamesForHillarysBook — Jesse James (@jalmeida311) July 27, 2017
8.)
I Came, I Saw, I Lost #BetterNamesForHillarysBook — project528 (@project528) July 27, 2017
9.)
https://twitter.com/Lockersawks/status/890627815921471488
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact [email protected].
Perhaps the most enduring legacy of the Declaration of Independence is that it sought to overturn the long abuses and powers of tyrants. It revealed the truth of self-government and that power is inherent in the people. In the second introduction of the document, Jefferson declared:
…That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government, laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness.
Jefferson, always the philosopher, reminds the reader that governments are instituted to protect the natural rights of man, to preserve their freedom above all else. Government is not intended to serve the bureaucracy, rulers, or an elite class.
In a speech in 1920, Calvin Coolidge noted of America's Declaration that the “rights of citizens ought to be protected with every power and resource of the state, and a government that does any less is false to the teachings of that great document — false to the name American.” This phenomenon is perhaps one of the biggest problems of our own government today that is in desperate need of reform.
The list of grievances against King George were many and proved in the eyes of the colonists to violate the very principle of government. Jefferson notes at the conclusion of these grievances that “A Prince whose character is thus marked by every act which may define a Tyrant, is unfit to be the ruler of a free people.”
America's birthday is a revolutionary act, and that reminds us to be ever vigilant of tyranny in all its forms. Our Revolution carries with it a deep responsibility. Jefferson, who considered himself a Virginian first, hails from a state with the motto Sic semper tyrannis. The signers risked their lives for a document that uplifted the inalienable rights of man. They were willing to flaunt a very revolutionary document in front of the largest super-power of their era.
As our rights are threatened, we should remind ourselves of the importance of working to build a free society. The progressive scheme desires to trample upon these rights in the name of their own version of the collectivized good. This does not champion but tramples the purpose and meaning of the Declaration. They believe that society is too imperfect for self-government. We believe, like the Declaration's signers, that society is far too imperfect for a collectivized scheme. It only and always ends in tyranny.
Chris Roberts (born May 27, 1968) is an American video game designer, programmer, film producer and film director. He created the Wing Commander series while at Origin Systems and is now working on the crowdfunded space simulator Star Citizen.
Biography [ edit ]
Born in Redwood City, California in the United States, Roberts grew up in Manchester, England.[1] He attended Parrs Wood High School, the same school as computer music composer Martin Galway. As a teenager, he created several video games for the BBC Micro, including Stryker's Run, Wizadore, and King Kong.[2]
Origin Systems [ edit ]
Roberts returned to the United States in 1986. He found a job at Origin Systems, where he created Times of Lore, published in 1988. The game's interface had a strong influence on other Origin products such as the popular Ultima series.[3] A similar game system was used in Roberts's next release for Origin, Bad Blood (1990).[4]
Wing Commander was published later in 1990 and was highly acclaimed. Wing Commander (and the franchise it spawned) soon became Origin's most successful product. Roberts wasn't as heavily involved in the sequel Wing Commander II, which he only produced. He instead concentrated on Strike Commander. First shown to the public at Summer CES 1991, the project suffered from numerous delays and was not released until 1993. He returned to Wing Commander soon after, devising the original concept for the spin-off Wing Commander: Privateer (which his brother, Erin Roberts, produced) and being more deeply involved in Wing Commander III and Wing Commander IV. For these sequels, Roberts directed the live-action cinematic scenes. Roberts's major role in developing the Wing Commander games led Next Generation to name him one of their "75 Most Important People in the Games Industry of 1995".[5]
Following the traditions of Origin Systems, Chris Roberts's residence at the outskirts of Austin, Texas was named "Commander's Ranch", a reference to the Wing Commander series.[6]
Digital Anvil [ edit ]
Roberts left Origin in 1996 and founded Digital Anvil along with EA PC national sales manager Marten Gerald Davies, Tony Zurovec, Eric Peterson, John Miles & his brother Erin Roberts. The fledgling studio set up shop in Austin and for several years worked quietly, inking a publishing deal with Microsoft in 1997.[7]
Roberts had stated that he desired to produce films as well as games with Digital Anvil. The 1999 feature film release of Wing Commander directed by Roberts himself, starring Freddie Prinze Jr. and featuring visual effects from Digital Anvil failed to attract either critical praise or financial success.
Digital Anvil's first finished game was Starlancer, released to a generally favorable critical reception in 2000.[8] Developed jointly between Warthog and Digital Anvil, the game was produced by the Roberts brothers, and Eric Peterson. The company was acquired by Microsoft soon after, who sold two of Digital Anvil's projects Conquest Frontier Wars led by Eric Peterson, and Loose Cannon led by Tony Zurovec to Ubisoft. Roberts left the company after the acquisition, abandoning the director position of his ambitious project Freelancer, although he remained with the game in a consulting role for a while. The game was commonly regarded as vaporware due to its promised release date of 2001 however it was eventually released in 2003 with a markedly different feature set than the initial plans.[9] It was received very favorably with a Metacritic score of 85%.[10]
Point of No Return Entertainment/Ascendant Pictures [ edit ]
After leaving Digital Anvil, Roberts founded Point of No Return Entertainment, planning to produce films, television and games. However, no projects materialized from Point of No Return. Roberts founded Ascendant Pictures in 2002 and served as a producer for a number of Hollywood productions including Edison (film), Timber Falls, Outlander (film), Who's Your Caddy?, The Big White, Ask the Dust (film), Lucky Number Slevin and Lord of War.[11] In 2005 actor Kevin Costner sued Ascendant Pictures for breach of contract on an unreleased film.[12] The company later was acquired by Bigfoot Entertainment in 2010.[13]
Cloud Imperium Games [ edit ]
In 2011, Chris Roberts founded Cloud Imperium Games, together with his business partner and long-time international media attorney Ortwin Freyermuth, to work on a new game. In October, 2012, Cloud Imperium Games launched a crowdfunding campaign on their web-page to produce a space sim game, Star Citizen, and later added a Kickstarter campaign in conjunction. By November, 2012, they had earned $6,238,563, surpassing all stretch goals set for the campaigns, and breaking video game industry crowdfunding records.[14] Chris Roberts had stated that if at least $23 million could be raised over the course of the crowdfunding campaign, no outside investors' or developers' funding would be required. This goal was reached October 18, 2013.[15]
Works [ edit ]
Films
LOGAN — A police K-9 that died from heat exhaustion was left in the back of a police patrol vehicle in direct sunlight for near 12 hours while his handler went to a family function, investigators say.
Cache County sheriff's deputy Jason Whittier — who was the handler for police K-9 Endy — was charged Wednesday with aggravated cruelty to animals, a class B misdemeanor.
The sheriff's office on Tuesday announced that Whittier, 36, had been placed on leave without pay and reassigned to a different division.
Endy, an 8-year-old Belgian Malinois, died July 3 after being left in Whittier's patrol truck.
Whittier and Endy returned to Whittier's home about noon on July 3 after just getting off shift. Whittier parked his truck in an area where there was "limited to no shade and was subject to direct sunlight during most of the day," according to charging documents filed in 1st District Court.
Whittier went inside his house to get ready for family activities that were planned that day, "inexplicably leaving Endy in his patrol truck," the charges state.
The temperature in Cache County that day was about 94 degrees.
When Whittier returned home about 11:30 p.m. and did not find Endy in his kennel, he went to his truck where he found Endy deceased, according to the charges.
Sheriff Chad Jensen on Tuesday cited "distraction" as being to blame for the incident.
"Endy's death serves as a devastating reminder to us all about the importance of eliminating distractions, maintaining a routine and being vigilant about never leaving children or pets unattended in hot vehicles," Jensen said.
Endy first started working with the Logan Police Department in 2010. In 2016, Endy was sold to the Cache County Sheriff's Office when his handler with the Logan Police Department was involved in a serious traffic accident. Whittier became Endy's handler at that point.
"This tragedy serves as a stark reminder to never leave children or animals alone inside of a car for any amount of time, as temperatures can quickly rise to a deadly level,” Cache County Chief Deputy Attorney Tony Baird said in a prepared statement.
Image copyright @roseveleth
One of the leading scientists on the Rosetta Project gave a string of TV interviews in a shirt emblazoned with half-dressed women. The angry reaction online spawned two hashtags, spoof images and has now led to a tearful apology as well.
The eyes of the world were focussed on Matt Taylor this week. The British scientist involved in the Rosetta Project - to land a spacecraft on a comet - was at the heart of media coverage of the event. And so was his shirt. On Wednesday he appeared in front of the cameras wearing a bespoke short-sleeved number, plastered in bright cartoon images of scantily-clad women.
People on Twitter were not amused. "Women are toooootally welcome in our community, just ask the dude in this shirt," tweeted a female tech journalist, sarcastically. She was sent abusive tweets in response. Science is seen by many as a male dominated world, and so the shirt only reinforces the notion that women aren't accepted on equal footing, claimed his critics. "For clarity -- No, the shirt is not "cool" or acceptable in a professional setting - on an engineer, scientist, or anyone," tweeted another user.
The hashtags #ShirtGate and #ShirtStorm appeared, and have been used more than 3,500 times. South African cosmologist Renée Hložek wrote a blog addressed to budding female scientists: "Yes, you are capable of being taken seriously," she wrote.
Pressure mounted on Taylor to apologise, while others lightened the mood by spoofing the photo. "Fixed it," claimed one tweeter, who posted a new image showing famous female scientists photoshopped onto the shirt. That image alone has been shared more than 2,700 times on Twitter.
Image copyright @SMLXist
The scientist wasn't without his sympathisers, however. "Poor Dr Matt Taylor. He landed on a comet and the only thing people seem to talk about are his tattoos and his shirt," wrote one.
BBC Trending contacted Taylor for comment but has not heard back. The outcry has evidently hit him hard though. During a press briefing this morning, he broke down in tears and apologised for his choice of clothes. "The shirt I wore this week, I made a big mistake and I offended many people," he said.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Scientist Matt Taylor has apologised for any offence caused by his shirt
You can follow BBC Trending on Twitter @BBCtrending
All our stories are at bbc.com/trending
Coffea is a genus of flowering plants in the family Rubiaceae . Coffea species are shrubs or small trees native to tropical and southern Africa and tropical Asia . The seeds of some species, called coffee beans , are used to make various coffee beverages and products. Coffee ranks as one of the world's most valuable and widely traded commodity crops and is an important export product of several countries, including those in Central and South America, the Caribbean and Africa.
This article is about the biology of coffee plants. For the beverage, see Coffee
There are over 120 species of Coffea, which is grown from seed. The two most popular is Coffea arabica (commonly known simply as "Arabica"), which accounts for 60–80% of the world's coffee production, and Coffea canephora (known as "Robusta"), which accounts for about 20–40%.[1][2]
The trees produce edible red or purple fruits called "cherries" that are described either as epigynous berries or as indehiscent drupes.[3] These contain two seeds, called "coffee beans", though they are not true beans. In about 5–10% of any crop of coffee cherries, only a single bean is found. Called a peaberry, it is smaller and rounder than a normal coffee bean. These are often removed from the yield and either sold separately or discarded.[why?]
When grown in the tropics, coffee is a vigorous bush or small tree that usually grows to a height of 3–3.5 m (9.8–11.5 ft). Most commonly cultivated coffee species grow best at high elevations, but do not tolerate freezing temperatures.[4]
The tree of Coffea arabica will grow fruits after three to five years, producing for an average of 50 to 60 years, although up to 100 is possible.[5] The white flowers are highly scented. The fruit takes about 9 months to ripen.
Coffea flower flower
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Journalist Brad Gibson: "Tornadoes are these beasts that come out of nowhere"
A new series of tornadoes has swept through the US state of Oklahoma, killing at least nine people, including two children, officials say.
The tornadoes struck near the Oklahoma City suburb of Moore, where 24 people were killed by a violent tornado nearly two weeks ago.
The latest storm struck during Friday's evening rush hour, trapping many people in cars and causing traffic chaos.
More than 60,000 homes lost power and heavy rain has caused severe flooding.
Many streets were inundated with up to 4ft (1.2 m) of water.
Storms also swept through Missouri, where Governor Jay Nixon declared a state of emergency.
The National Weather Service's Storm Prediction Centre said the severe weather was shifting eastward on Saturday, towards Ohio and the Mississippi River Valleys.
'Power flashes'
Image caption Many vehicles were overturned on Interstate 40
On Saturday morning, Amy Elliott, a spokeswoman for Oklahoma's Office of the Chief Medical Examiner, said nine fatalities had been confirmed, including two children and seven adults.
Among them were a mother and a baby found in a vehicle that was hit by the tornado as it passed over a major highway - Interstate 40 - near Oklahoma City. Dozens of lorries were also overturned.
Two other deaths occurred in Union City and one was in El Reno, west of Oklahoma City.
At least 75 people were injured, with five of them critically, hospital officials said.
Among those who took to the roads to flee the storm was 30-year-old Brandi Vanalphen.
"What got me scared was being stuck in traffic with sirens going off," she told Reuters.
"I started seeing power flashes to the north... I started driving on the shoulder. People started driving over the grass."
Oklahoma City Mayor Mick Cornett said: "For reasons that are not clear to me, more people took to the roads, more than we expected. Everyone acted differently in this storm, and as a result, it created an extremely dangerous situation.
"I think we are still a little shaken by what happened in Moore. We are still burying children and victims, so our emotions are still strong," he added.
Meteorologists said the tornadoes were less severe than the one that struck Moore two weeks ago.
That tornado - ranked as an EF5, the most powerful - destroyed some 1,200 homes. About 33,000 people were affected and the damage has been estimated at $2bn (£1.32bn).
Oklahoma is in part of the US Midwest known as Tornado Alley. Some 1,200 tornadoes strike each year, though most are relatively small.
Share. Sony shows off its next-gen peripherals at GDC. Sony shows off its next-gen peripherals at GDC.
We may still be months away from getting a glimpse of the PlayStation 4 console, but Sony was more than happy to show off the system's peripherals this week at GDC. At its booth, the company had four PS4 controllers and the PlayStation 4 Eye on display in a plexiglass case. While Sony executives held the controller up proudly on-stage at the PlayStation 4 reveal in New York City in February, this is the first time we've been able to see one up close and get a clear view of the new integrated LEDs, touchpad, microphone port, and more.
Exit Theatre Mode
What do you think of the design? Sounds off in the comments below.
Scott Lowe is IGN's resident tech expert and Executive Editor of IGN Tech. You can follow him on Twitter at @ScottLowe and on MyIGN at Scott-IGN.
(CNN) Eleven soldiers were killed and seven others injured in what the Philippines government has described as a "friendly fire incident" in Marawi, on the southern island of Mindanao.
Government forces are battling ISIS-linked militants for control of the city, displacing at least 70,000 residents and leaving 140 people dead.
"The first plane dropped the ordnance accurately, but the second one missed. It hit our troops ... there must be some mistake there," said Defense Secretary Delfin Lorenzana.
Air strikes will not be halted over the incident, Armed Forces of the Philippines (AFP) spokesman Brig. Gen. Restituto Padilla said Thursday, adding they were needed to neutralize Maute snipers.
Also speaking Thursday, Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte said those behind the violence in Marawi were "purely ISIS." He added that Isnilon Hapilon, the designated ISIS emir for Southeast Asia, was a "student of history" and had planned the latest rebellion for a long time.
Government forces are conducting regular air strikes on ISIS positions in Marawi.
Foreign fighters
Lorenzana said Thursday that eight foreigners had been identified among militants killed by government forces.
"There were two from Saudi Arabia, two from Malaysia, two from Indonesia, one from Yemen and one from Chechnya," he said.
"We don't have any record of them coming through the proper channel, through the airports. There's only one way, maybe coming from Indonesia or from Malaysia."
ISIS-linked groups operate in the semi-lawless border areas between the Philippines, Indonesia and Malaysia and are made up of fighters from several different countries.
"What's happening in Mindanao is no longer a rebellion of Filipino citizens. It has transmogrified into invasion by foreign terrorists," said Philippines Solicitor General Jose Calida during a press briefing last month. "They want to create Mindanao as part of the caliphate."
Numerous officials from the Philippines and elsewhere in the region have expressed concern that ISIS members could travel from the Middle East to Southeast Asia, either under the guise of local fighters returning home, or trainers sent to provide expertise and guidance to the so-called "Brigade of the Migrant" based in the southern Philippines.
Philippines government armored vehicles enter Marawi on May 31.
No end in sight
Martial law has been declared for the entire island of Mindanao , where fighting is ongoing. Earlier this week, officials said government forces were in near complete control of Marawi, but rooting out the last pockets of resistance seems to be taking longer than first expected.
"Recalcitrant remnants of the Maute-ISIS refuse to heed the call of government to give up their arms and continued their resistance while holed in fortified buildings and structures," the AFP's Padilla said.
"They are employing hostile sniper fires and IEDs (improvised explosive device) against everyone -- from government security forces, to relief and rescue workers, to civilians -- who get in the way of their fanatical desire to dismember Marawi from the Philippines and establish it as an ISIS province in this part of Asia."
CNN Philippines reported Thursday that 100 militants had been killed since the fighting broke out on May 23. As of Wednesday, 19 civilians and 21 security forces had died, according to state media.
At least 5,000 members of the Moro National Liberation Front (MNLF) -- a separatist Muslim militant organization that has signed a peace treaty with Manila -- are positioned around Marawi ready to assist government forces, CNN Philippines reported Wednesday
Duterte suggested last week he would be open to tapping the former rebel group, along with members of the Moro Islamic Liberation Front for support against ISIS.
"If this martial law lasts and you want to help us fight for the republic ... I will use you as soldiers, with the same pay, privileges, and I will build houses for you," he said.
Philippine troops escort rescued civilians at a village on the outskirts of Marawi on May 31.
Child fighters
The Philippines Justice Department has issued warrants for more than 100 members of the Maute group and the Abu Sayyaf terrorist organization, both of which are believed to be involved in the fighting in Marawi.
Militants entered the city after a failed government operation to arrest Hapilon, an Abu Sayyaf leader who has succeeded in uniting several disparate Islamist groups in the region under the ISIS banner. Philippines officials said he was likely still in the city, pointing to the ferocity of ongoing resistance from the Maute fighters.
A new One Piece VR Theater production has been green-lit for next year. The project is the first effort in the collaboration between the anime of Eiichiro Oda's pirate manga and DMM VR Theater, a venue that uses "holographic" technology for virtual concerts and other events.
To celebrate the new project, the theater is screening Mugiwara no Ichimi vs Kaigun vs Ōka Shichi Bukai Holographic Battle Theater Encore in Yokohama (Straw Hats vs. Navy vs Seven Warlords of the Sea Holographic Battle Theater Encore in Yokohama) from November 12 to December 11. This work is an enhanced update of a 2014 "hologram" screening that ran in another theater in Tokyo's Odaiba area.
DMM VR Theater is also opening a "Mugiwara Battle Cafe" with a themed menu at its entrance.
The theater uses the same translucent "Pepper's ghost" screens that are used in concerts by Hatsune Miku and other virtual Vocaloid idols. However, it uses multiple screens to add depth to its performances. Notably, it has been holding virtual concerts with the late X Japan member hide:
Source: Comic Natalie
Warning: you are now entering a politically incorrect zone. Australia is in the middle of an honest discussion, fuelled by Immigration Minister Peter Dutton. Previously, Australia's immigration policy has been based on a complex, rather muddled process where immigrants from all over the world joined the so-called “most successful and harmonious multicultural nation in the world”.
But that's a phrase our prime minister hasn't used it for some time now. Things change. Our nation is not counting its immigration successes, but its immigration failures. Chief among This is the introduction of Lebanese Muslims. Mr Dutton says that allowing them to flee the Lebanese Civil War to our shores was a “mistake”. And what better way to quantify that mistake than crime statistics. In question time, Dutton pointed out that, of 33 recent terrorism charges, 22 were against people of Lebanese Muslim background.
How refreshing. No dithering about community cohesion, just the cold calculus of raw stats. And such vision – seeing all the way from 40-year-old policy decisions to the ethnic crime of now and the future. The belly-ache brigade is already making contrived comparisons to sci-fi action movie Minority Report, but it's just common sense.
Obviously, this new migration “pre-crime” framework will take some time to codify. Weeding out groups that might turn anti-social is not work our nation can just rush into. But on evidence available already, one thing is clear: letting Catholic priests arrive and operate in Australia has been a calamity. No need to finish grading the report card. It's a capital “F” for Fail.
Just look at the numbers. There are around 80,000 Lebanese Muslims in Australia. Of these, 22 have been charged with terrorism offences, or around one in 3600. There are around 3000 Catholic priests in Australia, plus a few hundred retirees. Of these, an astonishing one in 20 has been charged with child sexual abuse offences. And according to the best academic experts, the true number of offenders is around one in 15.
I know what you're thinking, what we're all thinking: that Catholic priests are about 250 times worse than Lebanese Muslims. But go deeper. Even if we include all categories of crimes committed by Lebanese Muslims, Catholic clergy are so committed to child molestation that are still dozens of times more likely to wind up in gaol. They offend at six times the rate of all other Christian denominations combined.
Some have argued celibacy is a factor in this pattern of offending. But, thanks to Peter Dutton, I'm beginning to think that church doctrine is a blessing in disguise. Just imagine the kind of multi-generational crime-wave we'd be looking at otherwise!
Now, some bleeding hearts might suggest that the Catholic Church is not all bad. That its priests and lay members tend to the sick and poor and otherwise make a valuable contribution to Australian society. But under the Dutton scheme, we must give crimes their due weight, and this huge quantity of good works is easily outweighed by a small number of outrages.
And it gets worse. After all, no-one has been harmed or killed by a Lebanese Muslim terrorist attack in Australia. Meanwhile, Catholic child abuse has thousands of victims. Contrast the way that the two groups co-operate with the police. While Australian Muslims have generally worked with authorities (and have even been complimented for that work), this is not true of the Catholic Church.
That's not surprising: it represents a medieval pre-Enlightenment system of thought. Many Catholic priests came from rural areas of Southern Europe where police were not to be trusted. And now we have to ask if those beliefs are compatible with a modern society, or instead create some kind of “dual loyalty”. The answer should give us pause, and we shouldn't pander to the apologists and appeasers, or be ashamed to discuss it openly.
In fact, if we're honest, if we add these cultural issues to the number of victims, the evidence is undeniable: Catholic priests are literally thousands of times worse than Lebanese Muslims.
Shamefully, many sounded the alarm and were ignored. As early as the 18th century, commenters tried to bell the cat by pointing out that Irish Catholics in Australia had a criminality rate approaching 100%. But they were howled down by the bien pensant lynch mobs of their day. Pointing out this reality was given the ugly name “sectarianism”, as a way to silence sensible discussion.
Now that the blinkers are off, those so-called “sectarians” have been proven correct. Indeed, they are owed an apology. Evidence of the folly is everywhere, not just in our prisons. Under the rose-tinted policy of co-existence, Catholics were even allowed to play cricket for Australia. Look at how the team is doing now. Can anyone honestly say this has been a success?
To avoid the mistakes of the past, Peter Dutton must now prioritise vetting of Catholic priests as matter of urgency, and introduce an all-out ban if necessary. But in time his approach should be applied to other groups, and for other crimes. There are already some suggestions coming from the Liberal Party. Josh Manuatu, an advisor to Eric Abetz, appeared on The Drum where he defended Mr Dutton's comments: “You just have to have a look at the people being recruited into bikie gangs, who end up in jail, it is a problem.”
He's right. But while Mr Manuatu's viewpoint is welcome, under the new system he will presumably be offering it from somewhere else. Unfortunately his heritage is Polynesian, which on his own metrics of gaol overrepresentation and biker gang recruitment means he fails the Dutton test by some margin.
This might seem harsh at first, even antithetical to liberty and the presumption of innocence. After all, Mr Manuatu appears to be a political staffer engaged in the business of doing government. But statistics don't lie. There's a real danger he might join an anti-social gang hostile to the values of Team Australia, and that's the last thing we need right now.
Get the biggest Everton FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Goodison Park could hold up to 30,000 fight fans as Tony Bellew's dream world title shot is close to being finalised.
The boyhood Everton fan is due to meet Ilunga Makabu for the WBC cruiserwright title this summer and the Old Lady set to be the venue.
Bellew has confirmed to the ECHO that negotiations between the club, council and Sky Sports are progressing rapidly and that a deal could be struck soon.
Promoters Matchroom have been looking at securing a June 4 slot at Goodison and the seating plan and ring lay-out were discussed in detail at a meeting last week.
Bellew, who thanked Everton chairman Bill Kenwright for his efforts in trying to make it happen, says a lot of money has been invested in securing his world title shot on home soil - but he believes it will be worth it if he lifts the WBC belt at the home of his beloved Blues.
"We are close," he told the ECHO.
"The club wants it to happen, the chairman wants it to happen, the gaffer, the boys, everyone at Everton Football Club want it to happen.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
"They are all striving for the same thing, there a few little obstacles to overcome but I am told the Mayor of Liverpool, Joe Anderson, wants it to happen, the council want it to happen. There are a few issues that need ironing out, a few technicalities with the council and a few issues with Sky Sports.
"So besides that, it's a go-er."
"It's not done but it's very close," he added.
"All the people who are needed to want it to happen are making it happen.
"The chairman has been fantastic with me, as always, he's looked after me even from making the film (Creed) - it was the chairman I went to when the movie first came to me, it was his advice I sought and without him I wouldn't have done the movie and wouldn't have progressed the way I have progressed. It wouldn't have opened the doors it has opened."
Bellew predicts that if his Goodison dream is finalised then there will be high demand for tickets.
But he insists this is not just an event for Evertonians to savour but the whole city.
"There is absolutely no excuse for it not to happen now," he added.
(Image: Instagram)
"Everyone wants it to happen it's just a case of it has to make financial sense for everybody, and it does.
"That's what it comes down to.
"I can go to the ECHO Arena and fill that, I've done that on various occasions with 10,000 in there but I want to stick 25-30,000 in Goodison and give them a fight.
"We've had to budget big to get this fight here. Between myself and Eddie (Hearn, promoter), we've put the money up to pay Makabu and we have got to make it work."
Bellew went onto say: "We are looking at between 25-30,000 fans.
"We need it to hit 20,000, which I think it can do. I think we'll do 10,000 in the first few days but it's then how it builds from there."
VASSALBORO (WGME) – Two suspects were shot dead by police, after authorities say one of them robbed and tied up a man for hours, then rammed a state police cruiser in the man's stolen truck.
Police say 25-year-old Kadhar Bailey of Gardiner robbed and tied up 57-year-old Dickie Browne in Vassalboro for several hours Friday night, before Bailey and 18-year-old Ambroshia Fagre of Oakland were shot by police as they fled in Browne's stolen truck.
Bailey died on scene, while Fagre died in the hospital.
The man who was robbed is a well-known member of the community and member of the Maine Golf Hall of Fame.
CBS 13 spoke with his son, Taylor Browne.
He says his father is receiving an outpouring of support, after an ordeal in which he thought he was going to die.
"You know, my dad didn't know didn't know what to think was going to happen. He was just trying to do whatever the guy wanted so he wouldn't kill him. He was really afraid the guy was going to shoot him,” Browne said. “We just keep thinking that it just proves you never know what's going to happen and you've got to appreciate life more. That's the message we're taking from it."
Meantime, the three officers involved in Friday night's event are on paid administrative leave while the Attorney General's Office investigates, which is standard procedure following a police-involved shooting in Maine.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Westminster has been rocked by a series of sexual harassment claims
Suspended Labour MP Kelvin Hopkins has said he "absolutely and categorically" denies claims of sexual harassment.
Labour activist Ava Etemadzadeh, 27, earlier told the BBC that Mr Hopkins had hugged her inappropriately after a student event in 2014.
Denying the claims, Mr Hopkins said he had only "put an arm around her" and did not hold her tight.
Meanwhile, Labour MP Clive Lewis has denied groping a woman at the party's annual conference this year.
A party member told the Independent newspaper how Norwich South MP Mr Lewis allegedly groped her at the party conference last month.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Kelvin Hopkins, 76, has denied sexual harassment allegations
Labour said it was investigating a formal complaint against Mr Lewis.
However, in a statement, the former shadow minister said: "I know how I roll. I don't squeeze women's buttocks."
He told BBC News he was "vigorously" disputing the allegation, adding: "I'm feeling pretty taken aback by it all."
"I'm a friendly person, I'm someone who enjoys the company of people and it saddens me that I will now have to think about standing back, about being more formal," he said.
Image copyright PA Image caption A Labour statement said the party was investigating a formal complaint made against Clive Lewis
The claims against Mr Lewis come after Luton North MP Mr Hopkins was suspended by the party on Thursday while an investigation takes place.
Ms Etemadzadeh alleges that Mr Hopkins said during a conversation in Parliament: "Let's not talk about politics, do you have a boyfriend?"
"He also said that if nobody was in his office he would've taken me there," she added. "I was absolutely shocked and I wasn't really expecting that."
After refusing to respond to his phone calls, she claimed he sent her a message saying "that I'm an attractive, lovely young woman and a man would be lucky to have me as a lover and if he was young... but he's not".
Mr Hopkins did not initially respond to the allegations.
'Slight hug'
However, in a statement issued by his solicitors, the 76-year-old denied claims he had acted inappropriately at the student event in 2014.
He said: "I simply put an arm around her shoulder to give her a brief, slight hug just before getting into my car.
"I did not hold her tight. I did not rub any part of my body, let alone my crotch, against Ava.
"She waved me off as I drove away and did not say anything whatsoever to suggest that anything had occurred that upset her, let alone revolted her."
Mr Hopkins said he did not recall asking her about her personal life, but said he did send a text message saying she was "charming and sweet-natured".
He admitted sending a message that said "a nice young man would be lucky to have you as a girlfriend and lover... Were I to be young... but I am not...".
He said she replied to the message.
Who is Kelvin Hopkins?
Labour MP for Luton North since 1997
Spent most of 20-year political career on backbenches
Briefly promoted to front bench from July to October 2016
Long history of involvement with trade union movement
One of 36 MPs to nominate Jeremy Corbyn for his 2015 leadership bid
One of the few Labour MPs to campaign for Leave in the EU referendum
Married to Patricia. The couple have two grown up children
Ms Etemadzadeh said she raised her concerns about Mr Hopkins' conduct with another Labour MP, saying her complaint was passed to the party's former chief whip Dame Rosie Winterton, who responded to it.
But Ms Etemadzadeh said she was told she would have to waive her anonymity for action to be taken and the prospect of that "scared" her.
It is understood Mr Hopkins was verbally reprimanded about his alleged behaviour.
He went on to be promoted, albeit briefly, to Labour's front bench in June 2016 - shortly after leader Jeremy Corbyn faced mass resignations following the EU referendum.
It has emerged that Dame Rosie rang the Labour leader's office to ask why Mr Hopkins had been appointed to the shadow cabinet in July 2016.
A Labour source said she reminded them that Mr Hopkins had been reprimanded for harassing a young activist.
The Labour Party has not commented on the claim.
On Friday, it was announced that Labour will appoint an independent specialist organisation to offer advice and support to individuals affected by sexual harassment in the party.
A statement said the party will announce the organisation will take on the role "as soon as possible".
It also said that independent legal expert, Karon Monaghan QC, will investigate Labour activist Bex Bailey's allegations.
Ms Bailey has said she was raped at a party event and a senior Labour official discouraged her from reporting the attack.
She said she was told reporting the alleged 2011 incident could "damage" her and that she was given no advice on what she should do next.
It's actually fairly easy to print your own Lego pieces using a 3D printer—I mean, just look at all this kooky stuff we printed. But who made it so you could only print regular Lego bricks?
Bird House is a new Lego Cuusoo project that doesn't just incorporate regular old blocky bricks. Instead, it's made of 3D-printed twigs that have nubs and divots that allow them to interlock with Lego bricks. The twigs are also printed with their own interlocking Lego studs that create an interlocking façade that resembles M.C. Escher's work.
Lego Cuusoo
Like all Lego Cuusoo projects, if 10,000 people put their support behind the Bird House project, Lego will consider making it into an actual set, so if you like what you see, be sure to give this idea some love.
[Lego Cuusoo]
Other stuff you might like...
Get more GeekTech: Twitter - Facebook - RSS | Tip us off
This story, "3D-printed art connects with Lego bricks in this artistic birdhouse" was originally published by TechHive .
Here's the unfortunate truth: if you are a woman online who is public with her mind there will be trolls who will want to punish you for your dissenting opinion (or just punish you for having an opinion at all). I'm a straight-up veteran when it comes to dealing with social media trolls. I've been yelled at by everyone from Men's Rights Activists to neo-Nazis. Yes, it's true, the neo-Nazis are on Twitter and it's gobsmacking how much hate and ignorance they can fit into 140 characters.
When I first started writing online (it's been about five years, which feels like a long time and makes me feel like Grandma Internet) I was always so shocked when an Internet troll would crawl out from under its bridge and try to eat my face off. I wish I could say that now the anonymous randos can say whatever they want and I don't even flinch. But that would be a flat-out lie. I absolutely flinch. I think I'm always going to flinch a little. But I don't cry into my pillow for, like, the rest of the night and some of the following morning. Progress!
Here's my best advice for dealing with social media crazies:
You're Better Off Not Engaging
So they fire the opening salvo. If you respond, it's a war. If you don't respond, they're just the jerks trying to pick a fight with someone who doesn't consider them worthy enough opponents to fight. When you don't respond, you keep all your power. When you do respond, you validate your troll as an opponent and give them ammo to fight you back with.
So you REALLY have to decide if it's worth it to respond. And you have to know that they're DYING for your response. You're fighting back is exactly what they want. Do you really want to give your troll, who has just said such gross and unacceptable things about you and what you believe in, exactly what they want?
If You Do Respond, Shut Them Down Quickly And Be Done With It
So maybe what they said was just so untrue that you have to say SOMETHING. I get it. Some MRA activist called me oversensitive and unhinged for a piece I wrote about body image and I had to say that this dude taking the time to find me and yell at me on Twitter was what felt oversensitive and unhinged to me. I know, I know, I should have just taken my first piece of advice and not said anything at all. I said I was a veteran when it came to dealing with Twitter trolls, I didn't say I was a Jedi Master. I'm not Obi Wan Kenobi-ing this thing just yet. I'm still figuring out my social media light saber.
In my defense, that was ALL I said to this dude, and I ended my one sentence response with a #blocked. Which brings me to my next point..
Block and Unfriend, Unfriend and Block
If someone is bothering you on Twitter/Facebook/Instagram/Tumblr/Whatever Newfangled Thing You Kids Are Using Now That I'm Way Too Lame To Know About, just block or unfriend them and be done with it. You don't need that person in your life. Be done with your troll!
Try Not To Dwell And At The Same Time Know That It's Okay To Feel A Little Bad
The week that followed this neo-Nazi group harassing me on Twitter (it was pretty bad) I had all these nightmares about being kidnapped by terrorist groups and being trapped in haunted houses, and it took a while for me to connect these unsettling dreams with the unsettling experience I had on Twitter. I wanted so much to have a stiff upper lip and shine it all on, but when someone harasses you, it's hard not to feel it a little bit (or whatever, a lot). Do what you have to do to process and then do your best to move on. The trolls want you to be angry, they might even want you to be afraid. You might feel these things. And that's okay. But try to move past those feelings when you're ready.
Be a Pollyanna and Try to Find Something Good In All This Nonsense
My friend, social media empress Amanda Nelson, got a lot of grief from Men's Rights Activists for using #yesallwomen in her tweets. She responded brilliantly to her detractors by telling them that for every hateful tweet they flung at her, she was going to donate five bucks to V-Day, a group that raises money to fight violence against women. It absolutely got her trolls to shut up AND several people on Twitter vowed to match what she raised. She took garbage and turned it into gold. It's an inspired way of finding positivity in the negativity of trolling.
Image via
Sin Cara flew again on Monday Night Raw, but the soaring International Sensation was cut down almost as quickly as his return began when he suffered an injury to his hand during a match with World Heavyweight Champion Alberto Del Rio.
“During the match he did a dive outside of the ring and landed on his finger and dislocated his 4th ring finger,” said WWE physician Dr. Michael Sampson.” I evaluated it, I reduced it – meaning I relocated it – in the ring, and brought him back to the training room.”
According to Sampson, an injury such as this does carry risk, which is why the bout was stopped and Sin Cara is currently slated to undergo further testing. “We're going get X-rays tomorrow to make sure he doesn't have an avulsion fracture,” said Sampson. “Hopefully we'll be able to finger splint him and he'll be able to wrestle, but it'll be determined after x-rays tomorrow.”
Check back with WWE.com for more on Sin Cara's condition.
The Shippingport Atomic Power Station was (according to the US Nuclear Regulatory Commission) the world's first full-scale atomic electric power plant devoted exclusively to peacetime uses.[notes 1][notes 2][2] It was located near the present-day Beaver Valley Nuclear Generating Station on the Ohio River in Beaver County, Pennsylvania, United States, about 25 miles (40 km) from Pittsburgh.
The reactor reached criticality on December 2, 1957, and aside from stoppages for three core changes, it remained in operation until October 1982. The first electrical power was produced on December 18, 1957 as engineers synchronized the plant with the distribution grid of Duquesne Light Company.[3]
The first core used at Shippingport originated from a cancelled nuclear-powered aircraft carrier[4] and used highly enriched uranium (93% U-235[5][6]) as "seed" fuel surrounded by a "blanket" of natural U-238, in a so-called seed-and-blanket design; in the first reactor about half the power came from the seed.[6] The first Shippingport core reactor turned out to be capable of an output of 60 MWe one month after its launch.[7] The second core was similarly designed but more powerful, having a larger seed.[6] The highly energetic seed required more refueling cycles than the blanket in these first two cores.[6]
The third and final core used at Shippingport was an experimental, light water moderated, thermal breeder reactor. It kept the same seed-and-blanket design, but the seed was now Uranium-233 and the blanket was made of Thorium.[8] Additionally, being a breeder reactor, it had the ability to transmute relatively inexpensive Thorium to Uranium-233 as part of its fuel cycle.[9] The breeding ratio attained by Shippingport's third core was 1.01.[8] Over its 25-year life, the Shippingport power plant operated for about 80,324 hours, producing about 7.4 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity.[1]
Owing to the aforementioned peculiarities, some non-governmental sources label Shippingport a "demonstration PWR reactor" and consider that the "first fully commercial PWR" in the US was Yankee Rowe.[10] Criticism centers on the fact that the Shippingport plant had not been built to commercial specifications. Consequently, the construction cost per kilowatt at Shippingport was about ten times those for a conventional power plant.[7][11]
Construction [ edit ]
Reactor pressure vessel during construction (1956)
In 1953, US President Dwight D. Eisenhower gave his Atoms for Peace speech to the United Nations. Commercial nuclear power generation was cornerstone of his plan. A proposal by Duquesne Light Company was accepted by Admiral Rickover and the plans for the Shippingport Atomic Power Station started.
Ground was broken on Labor Day, September 9, 1954. President Eisenhower remotely initiated the first scoop of dirt at the ceremony.[3] The reactor achieved first criticality at 4:30 AM on December 2, 1957.[3] Sixteen days later, on December 18, the first electrical power was generated and full power was achieved on December 23, 1957,[3] although the station remained in test mode. Eisenhower opened the Shippingport Atomic Power Station on May 26, 1958. The plant was built in 32 months at a cost of $72.5 million.[2]
The type of reactor used at Shippingport was a matter of expediency. The Atomic Energy Commission urged the construction of a reactor integrated into the utility grid. The only suitable reactor available at the time was the one that was intended for the nuclear-powered aircraft carrier desired by the Navy, but which Eisenhower had just vetoed.[4]
Kenneth Nichols of the AEC said it "became obvious" that the Rickover-Westinghouse pressurised-water reactor intended for an aircraft carrier was "the best choice for a reactor to demonstrate the production of electricity" with Rickover "having a going organization and a reactor project under way that now had no specific use to justify it". This was accepted by Lewis Strauss and the Commission in January 1954. The acceptance of Duquesne Light as the utility partner was announced on 11 March. The ground-breaking ceremony in August was initiated by Eisenhower from Denver where he was giving a talk on atomic energy on Labor Day; Rickover ensured that the unmanned bulldozer pushing dirt did not dig in and stall by having the dozer blade riding along two railroad rails buried under six inches of dirt.[12]
The origin of the project explains why the Shippingport reactor used 93%-enriched Uranium, quite unlike later commercial power reactors that don't exceed 5% enrichment.[5] Other significant differences from commercial reactors include the use of hafnium for its control rods,[13] although these were necessary and used only in the reactor's seed.[6] Shippingport was created and operated under the auspices of Admiral Hyman G. Rickover, whose authority included a substantial role within the United States Atomic Energy Commission (AEC).
Cores [ edit ]
The Shippingport reactor was designed to accommodate different cores during its lifetime; three were used.
The first, installed in 1957, held 14.2 tons of natural uranium (the "blanket") and 165 pounds of high-enriched (93% U-235) uranium (the "seed"); despite this disparity in mass, about half the power was generated in the seed.[6] The seed was depleted quicker than the blanket, and it was replenished three times during the lifetime of the first core.[6] Seven years later (when running on its fourth seed) the first core was retired, after having produced 1.8 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity.[6]
The second core had increased generating capacity (more than five times) and instrumentation to measure performance, but otherwise used the same seed-and-blanket design.[6] For the second core, the seed volume was 21% of the total core volume.[6] The second core thus required only one seed refueling.[6] It began operating in 1965 and over the next nine years generated almost 3.5 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity.[citation needed] In 1974 the turbine-generator suffered mechanical failure, causing the plant to be shut down.[citation needed]
The third and final core was a light water breeder, which began operating in August 1977 and after testing was brought to full power by the end of that year.[3] It used pellets made of thorium dioxide and uranium-233 oxide; initially the U233 content of the pellets was 5-6% in the seed region, 1.5-3% in the blanket region and none in the reflector region. It operated at 236 MWt, generating 60 MWe and ultimately produced over 2.1 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity. After five years (29,000 effective full power hours)[14] the core was removed and found to contain nearly 1.4% more fissile material than when it was installed, demonstrating that breeding had occurred.[9][15]
Decommissioning [ edit ]
On October 1, 1982, the reactor ceased operations after 25 years.[16] Dismantlement of the facility began in September 1985.[17] In December 1988, the 956-ton (870-T) reactor pressure vessel/neutron shield tank assembly was lifted out of the containment building and loaded onto land transportation equipment in preparation for removal from the site and shipment to a burial facility in Washington State.[18] The site has been cleaned up and released for unrestricted use. While the Shippingport Reactor has been decommissioned, Beaver Valley Nuclear Generating Station Units 1 and 2 are still licensed and in operation at the site.
The $98 million (1985 estimate) cleanup of Shippingport has been used as an example of a successful reactor decommissioning by proponents of nuclear power[who?]; however, critics[who?] point out that Shippingport was smaller than most commercial nuclear power plants,[17] most reactors in the United States are about 1,000 MWe, while Shippingport was only 60 MWe. Others[who?] argue that it was an excellent test case to prove a reactor site could be safely decommissioned and a site released for unrestricted use. Shippingport, while somewhat smaller than a large commercial reactor today, was representative, with four steam generators, pressurizer and reactor. The reactor alone, when packaged for shipment, weighed in excess of 1000 tons (921 tons weight of the vessel plus the weight of a structural steel shipping skid) and was successfully shipped by waterway for burial at the Hanford Reservation.[19] The reactor vessel from Trojan Nuclear Power Plant (located in Oregon), was also successfully shipped by waterway to the Hanford site; a much shorter trip than the Shippingport reactor.
Subsequent to Shippingport's decommissioning, three other large commercial reactors have since been entirely leveled: Yankee Rowe Nuclear Power Station having been entirely decommissioned in 2007 with the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) notifying Yankee county in August of that year that the former plant site had been fully decommissioned in accordance with NRC procedures and regulations;[20] Maine Yankee Nuclear Power Plant completely decommissioned in 2005;[21] and Connecticut Yankee Nuclear Power Plant.[22] All three prior commercial reactor sites have been returned to greenfield conditions and are open to visitors.
See also [ edit ]
Beaver Valley Nuclear Generating Station – a newer nuclear power station located at the same site
Obninsk Nuclear Power Plant – a 5 MWe Soviet pilot plant (1954)
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
The Miami Heat has done everything possible to coexist with the phenomenon that is Hassan Whiteside. The team has coddled him in ways it has rarely done for any player. It's structured contracts — including that of its franchise star — to ensure it could remain in a position to break the bank for him this off-season. It's tasked an on-the-court/off-the-court tag team of Alonzo Mourning and Juwan Howard to keep him on the straight-and-narrow when it comes to all things NBA life that most players don't have to be begged to figure out at 26 years old. It's miscast its star point guard — delaying adapting to a style that best suits him — so that it can cater to a style of play that better suits Whiteside. It's continually slowed the bus just so Whiteside can jump on — only to see him jump back off at every stop.
Congratulations, Miami Heat — you played yourselves.
What has become clear during Whiteside's injury-related absence over the past several games is that the Heat plays a better, more current brand of basketball without the mercurial center.
Continue Reading
Related Stories Hassan Whiteside's Monster Week Silenced All the Doubters
As this season has worn on, it's become easier for fans to wrap their heads around how the Heat could possibly be better off without a player that, on the surface, looks like a vital piece of a championship puzzle. Even if you ignore all the nonsensical high-school locker-room gibberish that comes out of Whiteside's mouth off the court, it's actually what happens between the lines that makes it impossible to imagine a scenario where the Miami Heat hands him anywhere near a max-contract deal.
What was once a waiting game has now become a game of ignoring the big pink elephant in the room. Whiteside is not going to work in Miami, not unless Miami is prepared to make him king, unless Miami is ready to blow up everything around him.
In 461 minutes with Chris Bosh at C and Winslow on the floor, the Heat have an 80.2 DefReb%. That mark would be tied for No. 1 in the NBA. — Couper Moorhead (@CoupNBA) January 28, 2016
Advance stats continue to tell a story that ends with the Heat simply being a better basketball team when Whiteside isn't on the court. All season long, the numbers have shown the Heat has a drastically better defense without its shot-blocking seven-footer standing in the paint. It's no longer either small of a sample size — the Heat is a better defensive team without Whiteside on the court. As it stands, the Heat has a defensive rating of 102.0 with Whiteside on the court and a 96.5 rating with him off the court. The defensive numbers — no matter how hard your eye-test tries to make you disagree — continue to suggest the Heat is a better defensive team when Whiteside doesn't play.
Last week, ESPN's Tom Haberstroh joined the 790 the Ticket's morning show crew to discuss the conundrum the Miami Heat finds itself in and what story the numbers tell regarding the Heat with/without Whiteside.
"When you look at the numbers, with Whiteside on the floor, Dwyane Wade scores just 20.6 points per every 36 minutes, and the Heat get outscored by 44 points. When Whiteside is off the floor, Dwyane Wade is averaging 26 points per every 36 minutes, and the Heat are outscoring opponents by two points," Haberstroh said.
In addition to dropping those concerning Wade-Whiteside stats on Heat fans' laps, Haberstroh also touched on how Whiteside's presence in the paint on offense might be doing more harm than good regarding the style the Heat wants to play with Goran Dragic.
"I think when it comes to Goran, he's one of the best finishers in the league at the rim when he's healthy," Haberstroh said. "It comes down to if you have one less big body that you have to deal with down there in the paint, it's going to be much easier for him to score."
Haberstroh goes on to suggest the Heat may want to cash out on Whiteside and try to get something for him before they let him walk this off-season. Of the possible options mentioned was New Orleans Pelicans forward Ryan Anderson, who is also a free agent this summer.
Regardless of what Miami does with Hassan Whiteside the rest of the season, this has become increasingly clear: The Heat is a better basketball team without him.
The Ten Most Common Misconceptions about Islam
Islam is probably the least understood and most demonized religion today. The critics of Islam have created this persona based primarily on misconceptions, ignorance and malice. You've probably heard of some of the following common misconceptions about Islam.
Misconception # 1: Violence and Terrorism is the Muslim Creed
Islam and Muslims have become synonymous with terms like terrorism, extremism and fundamentalism. The involvement of some so-called Muslims in the acts of terrorism in the past few decades does not justify the labeling of a whole faith and its people as terrorists. Nobody called Timothy McVeigh a Christian terrorist after the Oklahoma bombing in the 90's, neither is the IRA labeled as a Christian terrorist group, so why is it that when a Muslim does something wrong it is the fault of his religion?
Apparently, logical arguments do not carry any weight in this debate, which is fueled by sensationalism and vested interests at the highest levels of governments. Citing verses of the Qur'an out of the context is the favorite tactic of the proponents of this misconception. There are several verses in the Qur'an that clearly state the opposite of this misconception. For example, “Fight in the cause of God against those who fight you, but do not transgress limits. God does not love transgressors.” (Qur'an 2:190). Another verse says, “If they seek peace, then seek you peace.” (Qur'an 8:61)
Misconception #2: Jihad Means Killing Non-Muslims
If opposition to Islam can be summarized today in one word, it is ‘Jihad'; the all-inclusive term for Islam bashing. Disregarding its true meaning and historical perspective, jihad is decisively equated with the violence that has been perpetrated in the last few decades in the name of Islam by individuals. There are several forms of Jihad; an armed struggle which may involve killing the enemy is ‘Qital', which is considered by most non-Muslims to be the only form of Jihad. However, according to Islam, one of the most important types of ‘Jihad' is ‘Jihad bil nafs' (struggle against the self), every other struggle stems out of this. Jihad bil nafs involves constantly struggling to overcome and control our animal desires.
Misconception #3: Women are Oppressed in Islam
Saving Muslim women from the ‘tyranny' of Islam is one of the favorite rallying cries of the people who consider Islam an evil force. Just like many other misdeeds wrongly attributed to Islam rather than to the individuals who commit them, unfair treatment of women is also considered to be the Islamic way of treating women. Setting aside the malicious propaganda, the reason behind this misconception is probably the fact that Islamic teachings about the role, responsibilities, status and treatment of women are judged according to the western practices and beliefs. If anything, Islam liberated the women in Arabia by giving them rights that were unheard of at that time in most nations. The stereotype of veil wearing, home-bound Muslim woman is used to argue that women are oppressed. However, this viewpoint is completely devoid of the knowledge of the status and rights of Muslim women. If we look into how other major religions look at women, we will find surprising revelations. In the New Testament, St. Paul declares, “A woman should learn in quietness and full submission. I don't permit a woman to teach or to have authority over a man; she must be silent. For Adam was formed first, then Eve. And Adam was not the one deceived; it was the woman who was deceived and became a sinner.” In contrast, this is what Qur'an has to say, “Whoever works righteousness, man or woman, and has faith, verily to him/her we will give a new life that is good and pure, and we will bestow on such their reward according to the best of their actions.” (16:97)
The right to hold property is considered to be fundamental for human beings, yet no major religion other than Islam actually allowed women to have property. Not only this but Muslim women have full control of their property and their husbands have no share in it.
Misconception #4: Muslims don't Believe in Jesus
Many Christians are made to believe that Jesus (peace be upon him) and other prophets are not considered by Muslims as God's messengers. A cursory reading of Qur'an or other Islamic literature shows that Muslims remember all of the prophets mentioned in the Christian and Judaic scriptures with great respect and reverence. Jesus has been mentioned in Qur'an in several places such as “O Mary, God gives you good news of a word from Him whose name shall be the Messiah, Jesus son of Mary, honored in this world and the Hereafter, and one of those brought near to God. He shall speak to the people from his cradle and in maturity, and shall be of the righteous.”(Qur'an chapter 3)
Misconception #5: Propagation of Islam is the result of Force
This misconception may be the result of making wrong inferences from the early Islamic history about the expansion of the Muslim state up to the time of Caliph Umar Farooq. The Muslim state indeed spread very quickly in the early years, but the conversion to Islam was never forced upon the people of the conquered territories. If anything, the Qur'an instructs Muslims to deal with them in a kind and just manner “God forbids you not, with regards to those who fight you not for [your] faith nor drive you out of your homes, from dealing kindly and justly with them; for God loveth those who are just.” (Qur'an 60:8). The most clear-cut statement against conversion by force or coercion comes straight from the Qur'an, “There is no compulsion (or coercion) in the religion (Islam)” (2:256)
The comments of T.W. Arnold on this matter are evidence of the folly of this misconception “… of any organized attempt to force the acceptance of Islam on the non-Muslim population, or of any systematic persecution intended to stamp out the Christian religion, we hear nothing. Had the caliphs chosen to adopt either course of action, they might have swept away Christianity as easily as Ferdinand and Isabella drove Islam out of Spain ….So that the very survival of these Churches to the present day is a strong proof of the generally tolerant attitude of the Mohammedan governments towards them.”
Another historian De lacey O'Leary also negates this myth, “History makes it clear however, that the legend of fanatical Muslims sweeping through the world and forcing Islam at the point of the sword upon conquered races is one of the most fantastically absurd myths that historians have ever repeated.”
Furthermore, it must be pointed out that Muslims ruled and fully controlled India for 800 years and Egypt for even longer than that. Yet the vast majority of the population in India remains Hindu till today, and a small minority of Coptic Christians remains in Egypt today. If Muslims practiced forced conversions there is no way such communities could have survived for over a millennium.
Misconception #6: Islam is Intolerant of Other Religions
Religious intolerance is high on the charge-sheet against Islam and Muslims. Many non-Muslims believe that Islam does not tolerate other religions and it instructs Muslims to kill all the infidels. Equating the actions of a handful of bad apples with the teachings of Islam about people of other faiths is a grave injustice. There are numerous examples throughout Islamic history that clearly show the extent of religious tolerance in Islam. What could better exemplify it than the verses from the Qur'an and ahadith of Muhammad (pbuh).
“There is no compulsion (or coercion) in the religion (Islam)” (2:256)
“Beware! Whoever is cruel and hard on a non-Muslim minority, or curtails their rights, or burdens them with more than they can bear, or takes anything from them against their free will; I (Prophet Muhammad) will complain against the person on the Day of Judgment.” (Sunnan Abu Dawud)
Misconception #7: Muslims are Savages with no Regard for Culture and Civilization
Many texts portray Muslims as uncivilized and barbaric people but nothing could be further from the truth. Even a cursory glance at history proves otherwise. War is one instance where showing no mercy is considered to be a tactic. Islam, on the other hand, does not allow Muslim armies to mutilate the dead, kill children or elderly, destroy crops, trees, livestock etc., demolish buildings, harm civilians and break agreements/pacts. With clear rules of engagement like these for war, it would be grossly unfair to call Muslims barbaric.
The influence and contributions of Muslims towards culture and science are widely known and acknowledged by scholars. “It is highly probable that but for the Arabs, modern European civilization would never have arisen at all; it is absolutely certain that but for them, it would not have assumed that character which has enabled it to transcend all previous phases of evolution,” Robert Briffault, a social anthropologist.
Misconception #8: Islam was founded by Muhammad (peace be upon him)
Despite an abundance of literature on Islam, there are some who believe that Prophet Muhammad (peace be upon him) founded Islam and Muslims worship him as well as Allah. Any serious attempt to learn about Islam will right away debunk this misconception. In order to enter into the fold of Islam, a person must pronounce the Shahadah (the testimony of faith); the meaning of which is
“I bear witness that there is no God worthy of worship except Allah and I bear witness that Muhammad (SAW) is His slave and messenger”..
Also in chapter 33 of the Qur'an it is stated, “O Prophet, verily We have sent you as a witness and a bearer of glad tidings and a warner and as one who invites unto God by His leave and as an illuminating lamp.”
Misconception #9: At least Four Wives for Muslim Men
Some aspects of Muslim culture have been universally accepted as the defacto standard such as four wives for Muslim men. Most westerners believe that every Muslim has a ‘harem' with at least four wives. First of all, it should be clearly understood that it is an option not a compulsion. There are social and cultural reasons behind the practice of polygamy which can only be understood with the knowledge of Arab society at that time. There are strict conditions that must be met such as equal treatment of the wives. It surprises me that the people who make a huge fuss about polygamy in Islam, have no issue with promiscuity in western cultures where extra-marital relationships and children born out of wedlock are accepted with open arms.
Misconception #10: The Crescent and Star is the Symbol of Islam
It is a common misconception even among Muslims that the crescent moon and star is the official symbol of Islam. However, in the days of the Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) Muslims did not have a symbol and they used solid-colored flags. In fact, the crescent was adopted as a symbol by the Turks during Ottoman Empire's conquest of Constantinople.
WASHINGTON — After a federal judge unsealed a search warrant this week that the F.B.I. had used to examine emails related to the previously closed inquiry into Hillary Clinton's private server, some of her backers said it proved their contention that the warrant should never have been sought because it would not have changed the outcome of that investigation.
The decision by the bureau's director, James B. Comey, to make the new email examination public in the presidential election's closing days was a “stain” on his legacy and amounted to an “extraordinary impropriety,” Mrs. Clinton's supporters said. Mrs. Clinton herself has said that Mr. Comey's move cost her the election.
But while the F.B.I. ultimately did not find anything to alter its decision in July not to pursue criminal charges against Mrs. Clinton or her aides, agents believed they needed to examine the emails to be certain there was nothing new in them. This is common procedure for the bureau, whether the case involves a former secretary of state like Mrs. Clinton or anyone else.
In seeking the warrant, agents told the judge there was reason to believe the new emails might contain classified information. The emails were found on the laptop of Anthony D. Weiner, the estranged husband of Huma Abedin, a top Clinton aide. The laptop was not authorized to store classified information. The judge said there was sufficient probable cause and signed the warrant on Oct. 30.
Months later, we still don't know what happened between Michael Brown and Ferguson, Mo., police officer Darren Wilson. We have conflicting witness accounts, some of which have been given in a public forum, some of which have been leaked. We've had mass protests and national outrage, some of which might have been avoided, or at least better directed, had the Ferguson Police Department mandated the use of body cameras by its officers. (Although both the protests and the national discourse have been about much more than the incident itself.)
And yet in the nearby town of Ballwin, Mo., also in St. Louis County:
For the time being, Ballwin police officers won't be using on-body video cameras. The issue unexpectedly came up at the Oct. 13 Board of Aldermen meeting when Alderman Shamed Dogan (Ward 2) urged during the aldermanic comment period that a few cameras be acquired and used. The body cams would be particularly helpful when Ballwin officers are called to help in areas where civil unrest is occurring, he said. However, Ballwin Police Chief Steve Schicker said at a budget work session last month that he was not recommending the purchase of body cameras in 2015 due to rapidly changing technology, which makes today's devices obsolete tomorrow. Schicker also cited challenges of integrating in-car cameras with those worn by police officers and security concerns about images maintained by third-party “cloud” data storage firms . . . Alderman Jim Terbrock (Ward 1) said he's “not sure the technology is there yet.” It was noted that the cameras must be turned on manually and it might be unlikely that officers will put top priority on doing that if they unexpectedly find themselves in a perilous situation. Aldermen Frank Fleming (Ward 3) agreed, stating “there is a lot we haven't thought through yet.” What happens, he mused, if a complaint is filed against an officer whose camera wasn't operating or whose recording was inadvertently erased?
These concerns aren't convincing. Obsoleteness isn't much of a problem at all. Yes, new tech products are inevitably replaced by newer tech products. That doesn't mean the old products stop working. Security concerns about cloud storage are more pertinent, but not a problem other departments haven't adequately addressed.
Alderman Terbrock's concerns seem to suggest inadequately or ineptly trained police. Cops would be trained in the use of cameras just as they're trained in every other piece of equipment they use. If Terbrock doesn't seem to think officers can be trained to turn the cameras on (“turn on your camera”) or avoid “inadvertently” erasing video of critical incidents (“do not hit the erase button”), you can't help but worry about how those cops are trained when it comes to the use of Tasers, pepper spray and guns.
If Terbrock is indirectly implying that police officers may intentionally erase incriminating video, there are policies to address that, too.
Chromecast and YouTube are like a match made in heaven. And, since they're both part of Google's big picture strategy, it makes sense for both things to be as friendly as possible with each other. To that end, YouTube's taken to to Google+ (how meta, eh?) to reveal that Chromecast owners can now use its site (as in YouTube.com) to queue videos -- essentially, this is meant to simplify the process, since it lets you arrange what to play next from a single tab on your browser. Just as well, there are more changes coming to the YouTube watch page on the web (pictured below), including an easier way to create playlists and share videos across social networks, plus a new description box. The Chromecast feature is available now, while the other tweaks are expected to rollout over the next few days.
Gilman Louie is a Partner. He is the founder and former CEO of In-Q-Tel, a strategic venture fund created to help enhance national security by connecting the Central Intelligence Agency and U.S. intelligence community with venture-backed entrepreneurial companies. Previously Gilman built a career as a pioneer in the interactive entertainment industry, with accomplishments that include the design and development of the Falcon F-16 flight simulator as well as being the person who licensed Tetris, the world's most popular computer game, from its developers in the Soviet Union. During that career, Gilman founded and ran a publicly traded company called Spectrum HoloByte which ultimately was acquired by Hasbro Corporation, where he served as chief creative officer of Hasbro Interactive and general manager of the Games.com group before founding In-Q-Tel.
Gilman has served on a number of boards of directors, including Wizards of the Coast, Netwitness, Ribbit, Zephyr Technologies, the National Venture Capital Association, the CIA Officers Memorial Fund and currently chairs the Mandarin Institute and the Federation of American Scientists. He serves as a member of the Markle Foundation Task Force on National Security in the Information Age, serves as a member of the Technical Advisory Group for the United States Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, chairs the committee on Persistent Forecasting of Disruptive Technologies for the National Academies, and was recently appointed as member of the National Commission for Review of Research and Development Programs of the United States Intelligence Community.
In 2006, Gilman was presented with the Directors Award by the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency for his service in creating In-Q-Tel and providing service to the intelligence community. In 2002, he was listed as one of fifty scientific visionaries by Scientific American. Gilman completed the Advanced Management program/International Seniors Management Program at Harvard Business School and received a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration from San Francisco State University.
ESPN's Trent Dilfer joined Rod Brooks and Matt Kolsky on KNBR 680 Tuesday breaking down all things NFL and the San Francisco 49ers.
While a lot has been made of GM Trent Baalke and head coach Chip Kelly shortcomings in 2016, Dilfer would like to see more effort and preparation from inside the locker room, starting this week against the New England Patriots.
“The players have to be willing when practice is over, and the whistle blows, to say you know what, we need to stay out here another 20-30 minutes and walk through some of these things that have been introduced to us this week,” Dilfer said. “We need to spend a little more time in the film room and not just get back to our video games.
“That's a next step for a team that's in development. Those players have to police themselves and say we're not good enough to show up on Sunday and beat you mano e mano. So we're going to take it upon ourselves to work extra long to get prepared to do something we haven't done to this point.”
It will be up to Kelly to devise a completely different game plan going against Bill Belichick, and Dilfer suggests the only way the 49ers can beat New England is with their offense. The 49ers rank 29th on offense (30th in passing, 7th in rushing).
“Chip's offense is fast. It's kind of standard formations a lot,” Dilfer said. “You can run the same plays and concepts you've invested in, but it has to look different before the ball is snapped. So bunch formations, moving pieces around. Changing personnel groupings. Having some trickeration in your your backfield, misdirection. Little things like that will give you a tactical edge.
“The Patriots are vulnerable with their safety play. So if you can get receivers and tight ends on their safeties, there are chances for big plays.”
The U.S. Treasury department is preparing new rules to counter the use of shell companies to evade taxes, U.S. Treasury Secretary Jack Lew said Saturday. Lew made the statement to the International Monetary Fund's (IMF) steering committee amid increased scrutiny by global watchdogs in the wake of the Panama Papers leak.
The U.S. Treasury is close to releasing a rule that would require banks to identify if any of the beneficial owners of new customers are companies, Lew said.
In addition, the rule would reportedly require beneficial owners of single-member limited liability companies to identify themselves to the Internal Revenue Service.
The move would close a loophole that has been exploited to hide assets and illicit financial activities, according to Lew's statement.
On Friday, officials from the Group of 20 major economies, known as the G-20, pledged to share information on tax evaders and threatened to penalize tax haven countries that do not comply with the effort to reduce tax mismatches between countries.
The papers, shared by the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists with a number of other media outlets earlier in April, documented 40 years' worth of records of Panamanian law firm Mossack Fonseca, which showed widespread use of tax havens and shell companies by wealthy global elites to hold their assets offshore.
The ensuing controversy forced Iceland Prime Minster Sigmundur Davíð Gunnlaugsson out of the office, while U.K.'s Prime Minister, David Cameron, made his tax filings public. New Zealand also said it would review the country's tax laws for loopholes.
The Sixties Project The Sixties Project began as a collective of humanities scholars working together on the Internet to use electronic resources to provide routes of collaboration and make available primary and secondary sources for researchers, students, teachers, writers and librarians interested in the Sixties. In 1993, the Sixties Project received a Networked Associate Fellowship from the Institute for Advanced Technology in the Humanities (IATH), University of Virginia at Charlottesville. IATH graciously hosts this web site and provides us with technical support. We are developing a holistic approach to the study of the Sixties, using available technology, and exploiting innovative information technologies--particularly the interactive and multimedia opportunities provided by the Internet. This project has already begun to build a community of scholars who would otherwise have been isolated in a variety of geographically distant institutions. We believe that this cooperative use of technology can help us efficiently and broadly disseminate information about the Sixties. Such dissemination ensures the preservation of information which might otherwise be lost. We intend a resource concerning the Sixties that will encourage immediate end-user access to the broadest possible range of audience--scholars, librarians, teachers, researchers, and students. Moreover, this end-user access to such a complex of interests will be designed to accommodate all levels of inquiry. It's our philosophy that revolutions are made by those who show up, so if you are interested in us and want to throw your energy into a project, we are interested in you. We're also interested in hearing from you if you have in your possession, or know about, materials which should be included either in the text or image digitizing projects. We intend to be exhaustive in our pursuit and conversion of texts and ephemera. The coordinator of the Sixties Project is Kalí Tal, a Lecturer in Comparative Cultural and Literary Studies at the University of Arizona. Contact Information kali@kalital.com
PO Box 13746
Tucson, AZ 85711
When you update Chrome, sometimes, the browser is known to show profile error dialog — like profile can not be used because it is from a newer version of Google Chrome …Chrome may also display an error after installing the update in certain circumstances: ‘profile error occurred: something went wrong when opening your profile. Some features may be unavailable‘.
If the error appears once and never comes back, that's fine. If the issue persists on every startup of Chrome, then try the below ones to fix the issue.
Fixing Chrome's profile error occurred message
1. Restart your computer, launch Chrome and see if the error appears again.
2. Ensure Chrome is not running, navigate to the following location using the Run command, find web data file and delete it.
C:\Users\%username%\AppData\Local\Google\Chrome\User Data\Default\
3. Create a new profile: Visit following location by using the Run dialog and rename the ‘Default' folder to something else.
Windows XP – %USERPROFILE%\Local Settings\Application Data\Google\Chrome\User Data
For Vista/7/8/10 – %LOCALAPPDATA%\Google\Chrome\User Data\
READ: Deleting Your Google Chrome Profile
4. Antivirus installed on your computer could be another suspect. Disable the antivirus temporarily or if the option is not provided in AV, uninstall it and see if the issue persists.
5. Uninstall Chrome and reinstall it. Here is how you can uninstall Google Chrome on Windows
Pocket Rockers was a brand of personal stereo produced by Fisher-Price in the late 1980s, aimed at elementary school-age children.[1] It played a proprietary variety of miniature cassette (appearing to be a smaller version of the 8-track tape) which was released only by Fisher-Price themselves. Each tape had two songs in mono. Tapes were available from several pop stars, including Bon Jovi, Whitney Houston, The Bangles, Tiffany, and Debbie Gibson. They were designed to be as much of a fashion accessory as a music player, and for a brief period they were enough of a youth craze to be banned in some schools.
The advertisements featured a song in the tune of Creedence Clearwater Revival's "Down on the Corner".
The Pocket Rockers line was discontinued in 1991, following a sharp decline in sales. Today, the player and cassettes are sought after by collectors.
Recording technology [ edit ]
Inside the Pocket Rockers cartridge, the same 3.81 mm (0.150 Inch) tape like in the Compact Cassette is used, running at same tape speed of 1⅞ Inch per second. The upper two tracks contain one mono recording, each. Winding the tape into a Compact Cassette, the recording is playing backwards. The lower two tracks were not used. The tape head is bottom top mounted Compact Cassette player head. The small Endless tape cartridge based on a technology invented by Bernard Cousino is operated by a belt-driven capstan.[2]
List of featured artists and songs [ edit ]
Two of the world's top Superbike riders, Sylvain Guintoli and Davide Giugliano, are in active talks to join MCE British Superbike teams for next year's championship. Tomorrow, the starting gun will be fired with an announcement by PBM's Paul Bird on his line-up for 2017 and it is likely to be followed in short order by Stuart Hicken's Buildbase-backed Hawk Racing.
No details have yet been revealed but it is highly likely that Shane Byrne will be staying with the Be Wiser Ducati team in a two-year deal, as will Glenn Irwin. But in true Bird fashion mystery surrounds a strong rumour that PBM will be fielding a three-bike team and that third man will be Giugliano.
When asked by BSN's Italian correspondent Maria Guidotti about joining the PBM team, the 28-year-old former Ducati works rider said he was unable to say anything about anything until the weekend. The PBM camp was equally, and untypically, tight-lipped.
But the relationship between the Bird team and Ducati is strong and there is little doubt that Superbike director Ernesto Marinelli was delighted with the championship win this season. Giugliano is leaving the Aruba team in WSBK after a disappointing season and his options in that series are limited. But there's no doubt the Italian would be a great coup for Bird and the series.
How he will react to Cadwell Park, Knockhill and Oulton Park is another matter however. It might go something like: “Che cazzo…”
Guintoli, on the other hand, has had a number of offers, is very familiar with BSB and his performance at the last WSBK round in Qatar showed his recovery from the Imola crash is complete. It is likely that the Hawk team, with backing from a major manufacturer, will be one of his options but don't count out Tyco BMW or even a third chair at Honda.
Manufacturer support for next year's series looks strong with Leon Haslam staying in the series, new Fireblades from Honda, Suzuki likely to be with a big team and Yamaha showing renewed interest with TTC stepping up from Supersport with James Ellison rumoured to be in one seat.
Former champion Josh Brookes is also set for a return and is in contact with various teams and manufacturers.
A new report released by the University of Winnipeg pinpoints city neighbourhoods submerged in the highest level of debt and bankruptcy.
The Living In the Red report maps out Tuxedo as being the Winnipeg neighbourhood carrying the most debt, but the risk of bankruptcy is low. Households in the North End and West End carry the lowest consumer debts, but the risk of bankruptcy is high.
When you look to Fort Rouge, the level of households carrying debt varies from block to block, but remains at a moderate level.
“This work opens the door to better understanding the extent to which non-mortgage debt is saddling Canadian households with a financial burden not seen before,” said Jino Distasio, director of IUS and associate vice-president, research and innovation at UWinnipeg.
“Our block by block snapshot provides a visual portrait of this trend while exploring some of the potential causes of high debt across the city.”
Statistics Canada data shows Canadian households are now in more debt since data began being collected in 1961.
The full report can be read below.
Advertisements
News Highlights
Related
Comments
comments
Puerto Rico does not have enough cash flow to meet its upcoming Public Finance Corp. payment of $169.60 million due on Aug. 1, the Governor's Chief of Staff, Victor Suarez, said Monday. (Tweet This)
Suarez added that the commonwealth's government is considering raising between $400 and $500 million through Puerto Rico's gas tax as a repayment source.
He also said the Puerto Rico Infrastructure Financing Authority (PRIFA) is abandoning its original plan of raising nearl $3 billion to refinance a $2.2 billion loan its Government Development Bank made to the Highways and Transportation Authority (HTA).
"It is not being contemplated as a $3 billion transaction, there is no market for it," said Suarez. "We are trying to achieve a smaller transaction, with reasonable terms, of some $400 to $500 million."
Read More Puerto Rico's 'death spiral' gets a reprieve
The news came nearly two weeks after the PFC failed to transfer funds to pay the principal and interest on its bonds.
"There has to be the payment allocation by the Legislature (in the budget) and the cash flow," Suarez added. "If one of the two things is not there, we can't do (the PFC payment). Right now, both are not there."
If you were disheartened by Oxfam's recent report that the 85 richest people in the world hold more wealth than the 3.5 billion poorest people, it's probably just because you lack the entrepreneurial spirit of Kevin O'Leary.
O'Leary, the businessman and reality television star, reacted to the report with glee earlier this week on the eponymous Canadian talk show, “Lang and O'Leary Exchange.”
“It's fantastic and this is a great thing because it inspires everybody, gets them motivation to look up to the one percent and say, ‘I want to become one of those people, I'm going to fight hard to get up to the top,'” he said. “This is fantastic news and of course I applaud it. What can be wrong with this?”
The reaction from O'Leary's co-host, Amanda Lang, said it all.
“Really?” she said. “So, someone living on a dollar a day in Africa is getting up in the morning and saying, ‘I'm going to be Bill Gates'?”
TJ Sanders: "Most Hearthstone casters need to loosen up. The game is fun in its core."
2016 was a big year for Hearthstone eSports. An increased prize pool and a renewed qualification system motivated players from all over the world to try their best to at least gain some fame, and ultimately reach the big stage at Blizzcon for the World Championship. However, it wasn't only the players that were given new opportunities. At the end of 2015 Blizzard announced the "So You Think You Can Cast" competition.
Aspiring analysts of Hearthstone had the chance to submit their casting video, hoping to be rewarded with casting on the big stage. Almost a year after the announcement we now have three names from that competition: Alexander "Raven" Baguley, Simon "Sottle" Welch and TJ "Azumo" Sanders. They have become inseparable from Hearthstone events.
Unlike most personalities in eSports, TJ is rarely ever called by his nickname Azumo (or even less by his Twitter handle, which adds "qt" at the end, presumably because of TJ's indisputable adorableness). Whatever you may call him, the Hearthstone community has come to love the Californian. Whether it's been the playful banter between him and Dan "Frodan" Chou or the analysis with Brian Kibler, TJ has made a name for himself across the entire scene. And let's not forget the interviews he conducts with players at official Blizzard events, of which the encounter with DrHippi is perhaps the best example.
After TJ had finished casting the World Championships, Tom "Matthieist" Matthiesen sat down with him and spoke about what TJ does best: Hearthstone casting.
I'm joined by TJ Sander, a.k.a Azumo! How are you doing man?
I'm doing great, my voice is gone a little bit after I cast the grand finals but it was so cool, so cool.
I didn't think I was going to cast the grand finals, because there are personalities like Dan and Kibler but they chose me and I was honored for that opportunity.
How did your journey from the start to the big stage go?
At the beginning of the year, I made it through the "You think you can cast?" program a little bit. They contacted me and told me "Send us your best casting VODs". I already knew Blizzard, I've been working with them as a creative producer at Blizzcon last year. One think I am proud of is getting along with all the other casters and also to show Blizzard that I work really hard and I think it really showed, because they chose me to cast the grand final with Kibler.
That was basically my road his year. I don't have a direct answer for how it happened, I just kept working, kept casting, kept trying to improve and now I'm here.
I kept working, casting, trying to improve
Hearthstone casting is way different than any other esport. Is this something you've always liked in the game?
If you've watched my casts, you will know I like to be a bit silly at times. That's one of the reasons I like Hearthstone casting, because you can have offtopic discussions and still be OK for broadcast. Having fun, being entertaining, those are the things I really enjoy.
Sometimes it does get dull. I actually started by casting League of Legends three years ago, which is a super action-packed game, but I enjoy casting Hearthstone more because of the fact that you have a lot more flexibility in how you can cast it. There's no right or wrong way to cast Hearthstone, which is also a little bit interesting, because it's a bit polarizing, you will never please everybody. There's unananimous love for casters in other eSports games. There aren't a lot of people in LoL that dislike Kobe. But in Hearthstone, half of the community will like you and the other half won't, becasue you're either more analytical or more joking.
Do you think that's obstructing Hearthstone casting in a way, because it's so polarizing?
I think so. I don't think Hearthstone casting is great yet. People haven't figured out a way to make it good for everybody. There's not a caster out there who everybody loves. Dan is the closest thing to it, Kibler's getting there, but there are still people very vocal about how they don't like their casting style.
Maybe someone will come along and figure it out. Right now, I do think that the people taking the liberty to cast however they want to might be obstructing people finding the best way to cast Hearthstone but there's kind of fun about it. The ones casting now are sort of paving the way - the game is still very young.
You mentioned Dan and he is, I think, a fairly authoritative figure in the eyes of the community. He's been around from the beginning and loved by many. Do you think that's helpful in this case?
Dan is kind of the leader amongst casters, a lot of people look up to him. He was one of the people who taught me how to cast back in Legendary Series. He was the one who taught me how to play Hearthstone, too. We go to him for advice. Having a figure like Dan really ups the overall level of casting not only in the group of HCT casters but also in all of the events that he attends. He's been incredibly helpful to everybody.
And yet we didn't see him casting this event.
That's because he's so good. He's too good at stage hosting, that they didn't trust it with anybody else. They said Dan, nobody else is good enough, nobody else can wear a green leopard coat with a fur collar on stage, roleplay as Barnes and host the world championship.
One interesting thing is Dan got sick, food poisoning on rehearsal day. So I stepped in as stage host and I was going to replace him if he was still sick on Worlds day. And I didn't do nearly as good job as he did. I respect a lot what he can do.
Is this something you consider, becoming more rounded, casting and hosting or would you rather stick to just one?
Hosting is definitely something I want to do because it's something nobody but Dan has done in Hearthstone. We had Rachel last year and djWHEAT but they moved on to other games, we don't have other host figures. I actually hosted the Summer Championship for Heroes of the Storm at the ESL Studios. There was a crowd of maybe 50 people but that was my stage experience.
I am getting better, though, I rehearse a lot. That's why I'm doing on-camera interviews and things like that, it's definitely a goal of mine.
The on-camera interviews are truly great. Is it something you pride yourself in?
Oh yes, I can honestly say the interviews with the players have been the hardest thing I've ever done in my career. I have to do tons of prep to know player storylines, the personalities of the players. You have to sit there and think how these interviews will come across on camera, not how they feel right now.
The player interviews are the hardest thing I've ever done in my career
There were moments during those interviews where I would have super awkward questions and super awkward answers but I would keep pushing and digging and that's really hard to do and I am super happy that they are well received and that the editors did such a good job on some of the pieces that honestly were not great interviews but made great media pieces.
Going back a bit about Hearthstone casting: The game has been around for three years, do you think the casting is developing too slowly?
Not necessarily too slow, but slower than casting in other games did. But that's because it took a while for Hearthstone eSports to become a real thing. This is kind of the first year there was an actual Hearthstone league-type thing, an organized structure to encourage casters to actually improve. In the past it was always companies that made big strides like Riot in LoL, their casters grew so fast because Riot put so much time and money into their infrastructure.
And Blizz are doing a good job with that, too. They tried to bring back the same casters over and over, they tried to grow casters instead of just inviting popular personalities. Maybe it started slowly but now I think that HS casting is improving at a rapid rate.
Last year they had the casting competition that allowed Raven, you and Sottle, among others, to grow so rapidly. Should Blizzard keep hosting these events or will there be a point where we have this solid base?
Eventually we will have a solid base but one thing is for next year, Blizzard have announced so many different programs - the Global Games, the Inn-vitationals, the TeSPA series - there are going to be so many more things for casters to cast. Those who are established will keep honing their skill on HCT, while smaller casters from caster programs, etc., can go and seize other opportunities. There are so many open positions for casters, that I think Blizzard will keep doing it, try to find new talent, because they were very successful this year.
In his book "Talking Esports", Paul "ReDeYe" Chaloner talks a lot about the different types of casting, in MOBAs, in CS:GO... One of the type he mentions is an analytical caster. Do you think that Hearthstone, because of the nature of the game, might be clogged with these types?
Unlike in other eSports, in Hearthstone both casters need an analytical mind
It really does. One thing about Hearthstone is that both of the casters need to have very high game knowledge. Both casters have to have an analyical mind, which is not the case in MOBAs. It's a little bit the case in RTS games, but even SC2 can get away with one caster not knowing as much.
In Hearthstone, that's not the case. There are casters that are more analytical because they are pro players, like Firebat for instance. But because of the thing I talked about earlier, how HS has a poralizing casting styles, there's not a right and a wrong way to have a casting line-up. A duo like Firebat/Admriable is very analytical because they play at the highest level. And then there's like duos like me/Kibler, who might not play on the highest level but have enough game knowledge to where we can get away with bringing a bit more hype and basic understanding.
Neither of those casting pairs are better than the other, they just provide different things, whereas in MOBAs you don't find that. Every pair has the same type of casting. HS is unique in that way. I don't know which one is best, nobody does. It will take a lot of growing to find that.
Do you think fixed casting couples are the way to go?
I think so, yeah. That's a big discussion we had earlier this year, that's why in a lot of HCT you saw the same pairs towards the end of the year. We generally kept the same pairs unless there were sicknesses. It helps you with the synergy, which is very important for HS specifically because there is a lot of downtime. People like me and Dan a lot, because we've cast hundreds of hours together.
We sat down to see what pairs made sense for Blizzcon and there was good feedback about Firebat/Admirable, Sottle/Raven have cast for ages, and me/Kibler haven't cast that much but we were the odd one out. We worked really hard, though, and I think we became a good pair. Set casting pairs are definitely much better for the future.
Here at Blizzcon we only saw Western-focused casters. Do you think the scene lacks Eastern-focused casters, involved in APAC and China?
Yes, we don't necessarily have many English casters that know much about APAC. DTwo is the only one that comes to mind, he casts a ton of games. There's also Lorinda. DTwo almost made it to Worlds because of his expertise, but for the most part casters that are experts on that region just need to get more experience casting in bigger environments to get to the level the rest of us are on.
Look out for DTwo next year. He's a fantastic caster, he just needs more experience and he'll probably be seen a lot in 2017.
Do you think that's also something other casters need to improve on - getting to know the other regions more?
Yes, that's something I suffer from as well. It's really tough to keep track of all the regions. It's actually good to have a diverse casting line-up, because you bring multiple perspectives. When me, DTwo, Sottle and Firebat are at an event, the information we have on players is crazy.
Casters don't necessarily need to know all regions equally well but they need to work as a team to get all the information.
What's the major thing in HS casting that you want to see improved?
That's a tough one. There are two things: One, across the board, you have to play the game a lot. You have to get good at the game. Hearthstone casting is so hard when you're not playing on high level. The second thing is to have more fun. A lot of Hearthstone casters treat this as if it's so serious. Hearthstone in its core is a fun game. Hearthstone, more than any other game, is about fun and camaraderie, getting together with your friends and playing. Most casters just need to loosen up.
Most Hearthstone casters need to loosen up. The game is fun in its core.
SeatStory is one of the greatest environments for casters, because you are just in a room with 50 players. Everybody is talking about Hearthstone. It's fun but also a think-tank of analysis.
You are not on a team. I imagine you've had offers?
Not really ones that I would consider. It's hard for me to want to affiliate myself with a team without knowing that I am going to get a lot out of the experience. I don't really care about money or huge sponsors. If I am going to be on a team I want to get a lot out of the experience.
I am still open to offers but I kind of like being a lone wolf.
People have criticized casters in the past for lack of knowledge or inability to getting it across. The Hearthstone community can be very harsh on casting. Do you think that's healthy or should there be more understanding?
One of the things about being a good caster is good articulation. There are some pro players that aren't good at applying their strong gameplay to on-desk analysis. But I do think it's necessary. I am a good player but I am not that good at spotting things quickly and applying my knowledge to a broadcast.
I think the criticism is completely valid. It's definitely healthy for casters to have a fire lit under them by the community, because it really drives them to improve. I've had many reddit threads and comments with complaints. It didn't discourage me, it made me want to try harder to improve. Not to prove them wrong, but convince them.
To wrap up: What are we going to see from you in 2017?
One thing is I want to do more content. I worked on the Behind the Scenes of HCT a lot this year, which made me not have much time. I also had to travel a lot for casting. I don't know if I want to stream, because that's a big time investment but I want to make podcasts, I want to do my own interviews.
© AP Photo/David Goldman, File FILE - In this Dec. 29, 2014, file photo, Atlanta Falcons owner Arthur Blank pauses while speaking at a news conference in Atlanta. The NFL has fined the Falcons, stripped the organization of a draft pick and suspended team president Rich McKay from the league's Competition Committee beginning April 1 following the team's use of fake noise at home games. In statement released Monday, March 30, 2015, the league announced that the Falcons have been fined $350,000 and will forfeit their fifth-round selection in the 2016 draft. If the Falcons have multiple picks in that round, the highest selection will be forfeited. Falcons owner Arthur Blank told The Associated Press in early February that he had seen enough of the NFL's investigation at that point to acknowledge wrongdoing by his club.
NEW YORK — The NFL has fined the Atlanta Falcons, stripped the organization of a draft pick and suspended team president Rich McKay from the league's Competition Committee beginning April 1 following the team's use of fake noise at home games.
In statement released Monday, the league announced that the Falcons have been fined $350,000 and will forfeit their fifth-round selection in the 2016 draft. If the Falcons have multiple picks in that round, the highest selection will be forfeited.
The NFL noted throughout the 2013 season and into the 2014 season the Falcons violated league rules that state "at no point during the game can artificial crowd noise or amplified crowd noise be played in the stadium."
The league also said Roddy White, the team's former director of event marketing, was directly responsible for the violation and would have been suspended without pay for the first eight weeks of the 2015 regular season had he still been with the club. The Falcons fired him.
The league determined that Falcons ownership and senior executives, including McKay, were unaware of the use of an audio file with artificial crowd noise. But as the senior club executive overseeing game operations, McKay bears some responsibility for ensuring that team employees comply with league rules. McKay can petition Commissioner Roger Goodell for reinstatement to the committee no sooner than June 30.
Falcons owner Arthur Blank told The Associated Press in early February that he had seen enough of the NFL's investigation to acknowledge wrongdoing by his club.
"It's not really a fine line," Blank told the AP. "I think what we've done in 2013 and 2014 was wrong. Anything that affects the competitive balance and fairness on the field, we're opposed to, as a league, as a club and as an owner. It's obviously embarrassing but beyond embarrassing it doesn't represent our culture and what we're about."
The Falcons say 101 of 103 games have been sellouts since Blank bought the team in 2002. Actual turnouts declined during losing seasons the last two years.
Atlanta ranked 10th among the 32 NFL teams with its average home attendance of 72,130 in 2014. Construction is underway for a new $1.4 billion stadium that will replace the Georgia Dome in 2017. The new stadium will have a similar seating capacity.
___
AP NFL website: www.pro32.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
AS international aid agencies rush food, water and medicine to Haiti's earthquake victims, a US faith-based group is sending Bibles to Haitians in their hour of need.
Not just any Bible.
These are solar-powered audible Bibles that can broadcast the holy scriptures in Haitian Creole to 300 people at a time.
Called the "Proclaimer," the audio Bible delivers "digital quality" and is designed for "poor and illiterate people", the Faith Comes By Hearing group said.
According to their website, the Proclaimer is "self-powered and can play the Bible in the jungle, desert or ... even on the moon!"
The Albuquerque-based organisation said 600 of the devices were already on their way to Haiti.
It said it was responding to the Haitian crisis by "providing faith, hope and love through God's Word in audio".
With tens of thousands of Port-au-Prince residents living outdoors because their homes have collapsed or they fear aftershocks from last week's quake, the audio Bible can bring them "hope and comfort that comes from knowing God has not forgotten them through this tragedy", the group said.
This article is over 6 years old
Welsh rock star charged with conspiracy to engage in sexual activity with female under 13 and possession of indecent images
Welsh rock star Ian Watkins is to appear before magistrates charged with child sex offences, police have said.
Officers said the Lostprophets vocalist – whose hits include Last Train Home – had been arrested as part of a continuing investigation.
A spokesman said: "A Pontypridd man has been charged with sexual offences against children and is due to appear at Cardiff magistrates court today.
"The 35-year-old has been charged with conspiracy to engage in sexual activity with a female under 13 and possession/distribution of indecent images of children.
"In order to assist their investigation, South Wales police has named the man as Ian Watkins, a member of the rock group Lostprophets."
Police added that two women, aged 20 and 24 from Doncaster, South Yorkshire, and Bedford respectively, had been charged with "similar offences" and were also due to appear in court.
All three were questioned at Cardiff Bay police station.
Senior investigating officer Detective Inspector Peter Doyle said specially trained staff were available to speak to anyone with concerns or information regarding this investigation.
"I want to encourage anyone who has any concerns or information which they think may be relevant to contact us," he added.
"Safeguarding children involved in such cases is always a high priority and as such measures have already been taken."
Police are asking anyone with any information concerning the investigation to contact the Operation Globe incident room on 0800 056 0154, or the NSPCC on 0800 389 5347.
It's no secret that we have a negative opinion about Bitcoin. In the previous posts we've even called it Enroncoin. This was based on our belief that Bitcoin resembled an investment bubble. As with previous bubbles, we expected the Bitcoin bubble to burst in spectacular fashion, but that has not happened. Rather than bursting like a bubble, Bitcoin is deflating like a balloon. In the time that we have been watching Bitcoin, the BTC/USD price has bounced around the average like a grasshopper on steroids, while the average price has fallen from $650 to $250, a fall of over 60%.
Usually an investment bubble bursts with the release of bad news. The news creates a significant change in how people see the investment, and people start running for the exits. Bitcoin is no stranger to bad news, yet through it all, it has maintained a loyal base of supporters who refuse to abandon the cryptocurrency.
Bitcoin seems to have a knack for surviving bad news. It's been associated with criminals. We have seen numerous exchange hacks. This week Coinapult is back online after upgrading security because of a hack in which $42,000 worth of Bitcoin was stolen. Yet through it all, the Bitcoin community has remained faithful that this 'disruptive technology' will someday achieve mass adoption.
For mass adoption to occur, there needs to be some sort of incentive to use Bitcoin rather than cash. We are aware that 21 Inc recently raised $116 Million to raise awareness about Bitcoin. We do not believe that telling people about Bitcoin will be enough to make them want to use. People who are perfectly happy with their existing money, aren't going to change to a new system unless there is a clear benefit in making the change.
What we are seeing, is a mass dismissal of Bitcoin. People have heard of it, but don't really care. In their most recent meeting, the Reserve Bank of Australia stated that they will not regulate Bitcoin because it 'has no discernible impact' on the economy. They are aware that Bitcoin exists, but are happy to just shrug it off as too small to care about. They are not the only ones with limited interest. Tomorrow we will see the Buttercoin Exchange shut down, due to lack of funding, after only 4 months in business. They raised $1.3 million from initial investors, but this was not enough to keep them afloat.
As the price of Bitcoin continues to drift downward, we expect the air will continue to flow out of this investment balloon. If the supporters remain as loyal as they have in the past, then Bitcoin will survive... until the supporters run out of money to buy Bitcoin. No matter how much they love Bitcoin, there is no denying that money is flowing out of Bitcoin, as shown in the table below:
It's hard to picture what today's teenagers will wax nostalgic about 30 years from now when they reminisce about their first car. (It still required gasoline, perhaps?) Who knows how automobiles will change in the future; what we do know is how different they are today from 30 or more years ago. If you fondly remember being surrounded by two or three tons of solid Detroit steel with a whip antenna on the front from which you could tie a raccoon tail or adorn with an orange Union 76 ball, and enough legroom that you didn't suffer from phlebitis on long road trips, then you might also miss a few of these.
1. Bench Seats
The last American production model car to offer a bench seat in the front, the Chevy Impala, will cease doing so after this year. Back before seat belts were even included in cars—much less mandatory to wear—three passengers could fit comfortably in the front of most cars, or four if one was a child or a skinny relative. Many sly males took advantage of the seat design while driving with a female companion; a quick, unexpected sharp turn made with his right arm resting on the seat back sent the lady sliding right into his embrace.
2. Tailfins
Thinkstock
Tailfins were the brainchild of General Motors design chief Harley Earl. The first fins appeared on the 1948 Cadillac, inspired by the WWII Lockheed P-38 Lightning fighter plane. By the late 1950s, most folks had shrugged off the war and were fixated instead on all things space-age. Tailfins grew to enormous proportions, giving cars a futuristic look.
3. Ashtrays
Thinkstock
Ashtrays were commonly found in the dashboard (along with an electric lighter), mounted on the back of the front seat, and in the armrests on opposite sides of the back seat. Even if you weren't a smoker, the tray in the dash was handy for storing coins, and the rear ones were handy receptacles for candy wrappers and discarded chewing gum. If you want an ashtray in your new car, ask for the Smoker's Package.
4. Spacious Trunks
Back in the good old days you could easily fit a week's worth of groceries, the spare tire, and a Mafia snitch in the trunk and still have room for that old TV set with the blown picture tube you've been meaning to take to the repair shop. Today (unless you're buying a minivan), you're lucky to get 20 cubic feet of space (2013 Ford Taurus) in your sedan. According to measurements in an issue of Popular Mechanics, the 1961 models of the Buick Special (25.5 cubic feet), Chrysler Newport (33 cubic feet), DeSoto (32.8 cubic feet), and Ford Galaxie (30.5 cubic feet) all had bigger trunk space. (Special thanks to our friends at PopMech for digging up these numbers for us!)
5. Full-Size Spare Tire
Thinkstock
The advantage with a full-size spare was that you could put it on, stow the flat tire in your trunk, and go on your merry way with no particular urgency to get it repaired (unlike today's donuts, which are designed to be used for limited distances at speeds under 50 miles per hour). The disadvantage was that sometimes you went on your merry way for many months … until one day you got another puncture, only to discover that the tire in your trunk was just as flat as the one on the axle.
6. Floor-Mounted Dimmer Switch
Maybe my reflexes are dulling as I grow older, but I have a hard time figuring out where the switch for the high beams among all the levers and buttons on today's vehicles. In the old days, it was a button in the general vicinity left of the brake pedal, so even in an unfamiliar car all you had to do was tap around with your toe a few times to find it.
7. Vent Windows
Thinkstock
Vent or “wing” windows were popular in the pre-air conditioning era of automotive manufacturing. But they were convenient for many purposes that are still valid today. For example, on those days when it's temperate enough to open windows rather than run the A/C, the vent windows allowed air to circulate freely without blowing street grime in your face and messing your hair. Smokers also appreciated being able to flick their ashes out the “no-draft” without the fear of them flying back inside the vehicle.
8. Horn Rings
Thinkstock
Horn rings were originally considered a safety feature as well as a convenience device. Previously, the driver had to completely remove one hand from the steering wheel to depress the button in the center to honk the horn. The horn ring was designed so that both hands could remain on the wheel and just a stretch of a finger or thumb would be able to beep a warning sound. As driver side airbags started entering the market, horn activation was relocated to a button in the steering wheel spokes.
9. Audible Turn Signals
How many fewer drivers would drive for miles and miles with their turn signal flashing if the indicators still made an audible noise as they blinked? In the old days, the sound was more of a tinka-tinka high-pitched tone, but even this late '90s audible click might keep a few folks from appearing to be making their way around the world to the left.
10. “Suicide” Doors
Rear-hinged doors got their macabre name in the pre-seat belt era; if such a door wasn't closed tight while the car was in motion, the road wind would fling it wide open and the passenger would most likely be tossed to the pavement. But they were popular for quite a while up until the 1960s because of the convenience—there was no pillar separating the front and back seats when both side doors were opened, so there was plenty of room to daintily climb inside (especially in a time when women regularly wore dresses and high heels).
11. Control Knobs
Thinkstock
Texting and driving is certainly dangerous, but what about having to read a touch-screen or take your eyes from the road to find the tiny button that controls your defroster/radio station/air conditioning? How much easier it used to be with nice, solid knobs and levers that you either pulled, pushed, slid or twirled, and which were always pretty much in the same place in every car? You could keep your eyes on the road and somehow your right hand instinctively knew which knob was the radio volume and how far to slide the lever to get more heat.
Tell us about your automotive memories, from riding backwards in the rearmost seat of the family station wagon to listening to Frampton Comes Alive on the 8-track player to having a separate key for the trunk!
Website status monitoring service downdetector.com said there had been 1,276 reports of problems with Outlook today, which was previously known as Hotmail and is offered by Microsoft.
CityAm reports that a spokesperson for the firm said: “We are aware of reports that some users are having difficulty signing in to some services. We are investigating this issue.”
Skype users are also having trouble logging in to the chat service.
At least Microsoft have acknowledged the Outlook / Hotmail issue. They say wait a few hours (doesn't give me confidence) pic.twitter.com/rVF0hKWs8o — Chief Beefy (@chiefbeefy) March 7, 2017
Some users said the service does not recognise their login details, with complaints coming from across the globe.
The issue is also affecting Xbox players, who can't access their Xbox Live accounts because they are run by Microsoft.
One user said on Twitter that Microsoft said it is working on resolving the issue, and hopes to have it fixed in “a few hours”.
The @MicrosoftHelps Twitter account is currently being inundated with requests for help with logging in.
India Bans Award-Winning Indian Film For Being Too 'Lady-Orientated'
Enlarge this image toggle caption Screen Grab By NPR/Lipstick Under My Burka Screen Grab By NPR/Lipstick Under My Burka
An award-winning film made in India about the lives of four Indian women has been banned in India.
The movie is Lipstick Under My Burkha, and it won the Oxfam Award For Best Film On Gender Equality at the last Mumbai Film Festival. The 117-minute film revolves around the the inner lives of four small-town women, from college age to mid-50s, each grappling with different societal pressures and expectations from relationships.
The title refers to the inner lives of the women that they do not reveal. Of the four protagonists, two are indeed in the head-to-toe garment (worn by Muslims all over India, where they make up 14 percent of the population) and two are Hindu and not veiled. Of course, all of them wear lipstick, even when there's no one to appreciate it.
YouTube
On February 22, the Central Board for Film Certification (CBFC), a government appointed body composed of 25 members from different professions, decided the movie was a no-go. The reason: it is "lady-orientated" and contains "contentious sexual scenes, abusive words [and] audio pornography."
Director Alankrita Shrivastava was baffled with their decision. "There's already a lot of self-censorship for filmmakers. For example, you know you're not going to shoot things like nudity — not that I wanted to. But, she adds, "This systematic shutdown of a point of view is unacceptable."
"When the CBFC says it's 'lady-orientated,' that's its strength," says Aseem Chhabra, director of the New York Indian Film Festival. Chhabra has seen the film twice and is including it in the upcoming 2017 NYIFF: "It has lovely nuances and details. It's laugh-out-loud funny in parts. I recognize these women. I recognize exactly who they are."
Chhabra recalls an early scene where a group of women is up on a roof, catching the sun, doing everyday things like plucking their eyebrows while chatting about their lives and husbands. To him, this scene was "so warm and real."
Many film lovers are not happy about the decision. "I hate the fact that somebody else decides what I can and can't watch," says Rashi Vidyasagar, a criminologist in Mumbai who works with the national commission for women at the prestigious Tata Institute of Social Sciences.
Chhabra concurs. "The Board has always been very regressive. For the longest time kissing was not allowed [on screen]. It's always been a reflection of the current political party that's in power in India. So, heterosexual sex, men looking at women in bikinis, men making sexual jokes about women and the male gaze is okay, but "lady orientated", whatever that means, is not."
And Nisha Jha, CEO of Oxfam India, has praised the film, saying that it "ferociously challenges gender-based social norms and ... break[s] stereotypes about women and girls in India." Oxfam says it "stands by its decision to honor" the film.
This is not the first time the CBFC has been seen as overstepping its mandate or been labeled draconian by the Indian press. Last August, the Supreme Court of India issued an order saying that the job of the CBFC is not to censor, only to certify what age group can watch a given movie. The certification process is under review.
In light of this, many people, including Shrivastava, are questioning the relevance of the CBFC. But, as of now, the Board continues to have the power. Withholding certification means no cinema can screen the movie. Many film festivals also will not accept it, and it can't be submitted for most awards.
"I don't have a Plan B," says Shrivastava. "I'm very determined to fight it out and see a theatrical release." Though people keep telling her to go direct to digital by releasing to cable or streaming services, she says that's not an option.
"When you make a choice that you will not exhibit commercially, it's one thing. But when you're being forced to do a digital release because the CBFC of India is not letting you release your film, it's a completely different situation."
Shrivastava has filed an appeal with the Film Certification Appellate Tribunal — a quasi-judiciary body in Delhi — for reversal of the decision. That hearing is later in March. While the jury is out in India, audiences in the U.S. can catch Lipstick Under My Burkha in Los Angeles, where it will open the Indian Film Festival of Los Angeles on April 5, or at the New York Indian Film Festival in May.
Kissing RPG Exstetra Gives You A Younger And Older Sister
By Sunjun . August 29, 2013 . 3:30pm
FuRyu has introduced more heroines from their upcoming game Exstetra, an RPG in which you play as Ryoma, a boy who can kiss people to give them special powers. Below, you can see two heroines you may have spotted in their latest trailer.
Akari
Akari is a 16-year-old school girl who likes Ryoma and views him as an older brother. As a Prisma Knight, she dresses as a magical girl and uses magic to support her allies. She is voiced by Yui Ogura (Rom from Hyperdimension Neptunia mk2).
Kotone
Kotone is an 18-year-old girl from a renowned girls academy. She has a gentle, easygoing older sister-like personality and is skilled at cooking. She is voiced by Ai Kayano (Yomi from Senran Kagura).
Along with two new heroines, we also have a look at Asakusa and Shinjuku, which have fused with a parallel world called Amasia and transformed into dungeons.
Exstetra will be released for the Nintendo 3DS and PlayStation Vita on November 7.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption The statue is painted gold
A 37m-high (120ft) gold-painted statue of Chairman Mao has been built in China's countryside.
The giant homage to the late communist leader was paid for by local businessmen, who spent nearly 3 million yuan ($460,000; £313,000), reports say.
Some villagers also contributed money to the project said The People's Daily.
The giant sits in farmland in Tongxu county, Henan Province. The province was the centre of a famine in the 1950s resulting from Mao's policies.
Millions of people died in the famine triggered by the campaign, known as the Great Leap Forward.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption The statue dwarfs everything but the huge crane being used to build it
Image copyright Reuters Image caption The chairman in his chair is almost complete
Some have criticised the statue online, for the perceived waste and what they see as the statue's insensitive location. But many others have leapt to its defence.
Despite being responsible for so many deaths, Mao Zedong is revered by many in China, not least by President Xi Jinping, who praises him as a "great figure".
President Xi has also attempted to centralise power in China's presidency, and has used Mao's legacy to build support, while admitting the former leader made "mistakes".
Progression System 2.0
Today we would like to tell you more about the character progression system.
In the new system all information about your character is located in one window – the Genom window:
A character has 12 paths of development, which are the following:
Weapon;
Armor;
Special equipment;
Extraction;
Crafting;
Upgrades;
Research;
Devices;
Transport;
Sidekicks;
Space;
Building;
Each path has 6 skills and is a separate window with many nodes that can open new character features. Every new feature that you acquire impacts only one specific skill.
There are also 6 character organism systems:
Cardiovascular;
Musculoskeletal;
Respiratory;
Nervous;
Immune;
Digestive;
Each system encompasses a certain set of organs.
Each organ can undergo mutation, be replaced with a synthetic analogue or developed to a human level.
Developing an organ along one of the paths allows you to get new organism features:
While traveling around the world, a character may get infected with a disease or otherwise damage any of the organs. Once an organ is infected, all features related to the organ become inactive. If a character is not healing, a disease may progress and affect other organs within one system. Also, the higher the stage of a disease, the more difficult it is to find a cure. But disease is not necessarily a bad thing. If you manage to steer the progress of a disease in the right direction, the organs of your character may develop new features.
The game will soon see a new character development system, inventory, animation, updated graphical user interface, levels, quests, transport and skills.
We thank you all for your support and we believe that only together we can create a truly living, breathing world.
To discuss on the forum
United Airlines found itself in hot water once again after a Houston family blamed the airline for the death of their 5-year-old dog, who was put in the cargo hold of a plane that was delayed at the airport in Houston, according to ABC13.
The Rasmussen family claimed the dog, a King Charles Spaniel, was in the cargo hold while the plane stayed on the tarmac for two hours before it took off to San Francisco, the ABC affiliate report also said.
The family said the dog died while it was held in the hold.
Read: United Airlines Passenger Accused Of Groping Teenage Girl During Flight
"We are so sorry to learn of Lulu's passing and have reached out to our customer to offer our condolences and assistance. We are deeply upset any time an animal suffers an injury while traveling with us and especially grieved in the rare instance that one passes away. We are conducting a thorough review of this incident," the airline said in a statement to International Business Times. The statement didn't reveal the cause of the dog's death.
United Airlines had the worst record in pet deaths among airlines in the U.S. in 2016. According to the Department of Transportation's Air Travel Consumer Report, nine pets — eight dogs and a Sphynx kitten — died under the airline's care in 2016.
"More than 300 animals have died in cargo holds since 2005, including 74 on United flights. According to a report from the U.S. Department of Transportation, the airline had the worst record of animal deaths and injuries among all U.S. airlines in 2016," a PETA blog post also noted.
Over the last few months, United Airlines has found itself in a slew of controversies, with some linked to animals.
In April, a 10-month-old Continental Giant rabbit named Simon died on a United flight from the United Kingdom to the U.S. The animal was the offspring of the Guinness World Record-holding rabbit, Darius. Simon was found dead after arriving at the O'Hare airport, and the airline was blamed for its death as the rabbit was said to be in a healthy condition prior to boarding the plane.
PETA's president, Ingrid Newkirk, issued a statement following Simon's death.
“This rabbit was failed first by the breeder – who churns out and sells baby bunnies when animal shelters and rescue groups are full of homeless rabbits – and then by United Airlines, which shipped him off in a cargo hold like an old suitcase,” Newkirk said.
Read: United Airlines Leaves Canadian Teenager Behind In Connecticut
“This rabbit's death is not unique – more than 300 animals have died in cargo holds since 2005, and many more have been injured or lost,” Newkirk continued in her statement. “PETA urges United to join JetBlue and Southwest in prohibiting companion animals from being flown as checked baggage in the confusion, noise, extreme temperatures, and improper pressurization of a cargo hold.”
Last month, rapper ScHoolboy Q accused United of putting his dog in a wrong flight. The rapper, whose real name is Quincy Matthew Hanley, asked the airline for an explanation on Twitter, adding he was "pissed" due to the incident and planned to sue the airline.
NOTE: Due to Daylight Saving Time in North America, the sale times may be shifted forward by one hour, beginning at 1:00 AM PDT on the sale start date and ending at 12:59 AM PDT on the day after the listed sale end date.
Harvest Surprise Style Box
October 4 to October 18 in the Special Promotions > New Arrivals category in both Reboot and non-Reboot worlds.
Each Harvest Surprise Style Box holds a random permanent equip! There are 100 different permanent items available! In non-Reboot worlds, you can trade these style box items with other players through the Cash Item Trade window, if you haven't equipped them. Right-click on a character to see the menu.
You can also exchange them with NPC Ari, located near the Free Market entrance, and receive an Avatar Box Stamp. You can receive one stamp per item. This stamp is permanent and untradeable. When you collect enough stamps, you can talk to NPC Shiro, also located near the Free Market entrance, to exchange the stamps for a permanent equip item of your choice!
Check out some of the amazing items you can get from the Harvest Surprise Style Box!
Lovely Princess Bonnet, Lovely Princess Dress, Red Rose Umbrella, Pink Blossom Shoes, Fluffy Snow Bunny, In-forest Camping Look (F) , Bunny Word Bubble Ring, Bunny Label Ring,
Tedimus Beartaculous, Akarin's Butterfly Hairpin, Akarin's Flowery Dress, Akarin's Flowery Shoes, Strawberry Hat, Strawberry Basket, Strawberry Baby, Pineapple Hat, Strawberry Milk Dress (F), Magic Herb Teaspoon,
Blue Straw Hat, Long Brown Beard (M), Cutie Farmer Apron (M), Cutie Farmer Sneakers (M), Meadow Sheep Chat Bubble Ring, Meadow Sheep Label Ring, Red Straw Hat, Grand Romance, Pink Romance (F), Soaring Cloud (F), Hunter Hawk, Noble Blossom Casquette, Noble Blossom Coat, Noble Blossom Shoes, Hazy Night Tassel,
Akatsuki's Hair-Tie, Deluxe Rabbit Tail, Pure Farmer One-piece (F), Pure Farmer Sandals (F), Tedtacular Bearingtons, Green Apple Word Bubble Ring, Green Apple Label Ring, In-forest Camping Look (M), Soaring Sky (M), Honey Bee Chat Ring, Honey Bee Label Ring, Honey Bee Hat, Honeybee Costume, and Honeybee's Sting.
Harvest Surprise Style Box Price (1): 3,400 NX Price (11): 34,000 NX Duration: 90 days
Daily Deals: Discounted 1-Day 2x Coupons
[Updated October 6]
PDT: Saturday, October 7, 2017 1:00 AM – Monday, October 10, 2017 12:59 AM
EDT: Saturday, October 7, 2017 4:00 AM – Monday, October 10, 2017 3:59 AM
CEST: Saturday, October 7, 2017 10:00 AM – Monday, October 10, 2017 9:59 AM
AEDT: Saturday, October 7, 2017 7:00 PM – Monday, October 10, 2017 6:59 PM
Available in the Special Promotions > Discounted category in non-Reboot worlds only.
On October 7, 8, and 9, we will be having a special on 1-Day 2x Coupons! Get twice the amount of EXP and drops for one whole day!
You have until 12:59 AM PDT / 3:59 AM EDT / 9:59 AM CEST / 6:59 PM AEDT on October 10 to purchase these items at a discount! The coupons activate immediately after purchase, so make sure to move them from your cash inventory to your item inventory and use them soon!
1-Day 2x EXP Special Coupon Price: 3,600 NX 2,150 NX Duration: 1 day
1-Day 2x Drop Special Coupon Price: 4,000 NX 2,400 NX Duration: 1 day
Discounted Chair Gachapon Ticket
October 4 to October 18 in the Special Promotions > Limited Time category in both Reboot and non-Reboot worlds.
Do you need a fun chair for when you're hanging out in Maple World? Use the Chair Gachapon Ticket, guaranteed to give you one amazing chair! And if you purchase it now, you can get it at a discount!
Use some amazing chairs to visit the different worlds from the Afterlands. These four chairs change their look randomly to display different times of day and weather patterns! First up, the powerful Land of Warriors Diorama Chair.
Enjoy wealth with the Land of Riches Diorama Chair.
Relax with the Land of Contemplation Diorama Chair.
Embrace your inner child with the Land of Innocence Diorama Chair.
Hang out with monsters in the Monster Gachapon Chair, Peek-a-Boo Drawer, and Monster Box Chair.
Get in touch with your inner rodent with the Hamster Wheelchair, Pile of Cheese, and Robo Rabbit Recharger.
Get out and about with the Bus Stop Chair, Shopping Cart, Bakery Chair, and Captain Finger Chair.
Explore magic with the Flying Carpet Chair, Maple Crystal Chair, Psychic Chair, and Kitsune Torii. The Kitsune Torii is a two-person chair. If you and a friend who both have the chair sit near each other, an effect appears.
Enjoy the company of animals with the Blue Sky Illusions Chair and Chicken Dream Chair.
After purchasing the Chair Gachapon Ticket, you need to double-click it to use it while in the Cash Shop. You will receive a coupon for one of these chairs. Move the coupon from your cash inventory to your character's inventory, exit the Cash Shop, and then double-click the coupon to receive the corresponding chair. All chairs are tradeable (in non-Reboot worlds) and permanent.
Chair Gachapon Ticket Price (1): 3,500 NX 2,500 NX Price (11): 35,000 NX 25,000 NX Duration: 90 days
Kinesis Permanent Outfit Packages
October 4 to October 10 in the Special Promotions > Limited Time category in both Reboot and non-Reboot worlds.
Enter the psychically charged world of Kinesis with these packages of permanent items!
Kinesis Package (M) Price: 13,700 NX Includes: Kinesis Wig (M) Kinesis Uniform (M) Gravity Kinesis Shoes Mystery Dice
Kinesis Package (F) Price: 13,700 NX Includes: Kinesis Wig (F) Kinesis Uniform (F) Gravity Kinesis Shoes Mystery Dice
Permanent Equipment Covers
October 4 to October 10 in the Special Promotions > Limited Time category in both Reboot and non-Reboot worlds.
Put together a fun outfit with these permanent items!
ITEM PRICE SALE Prismatic Sun Cap 5,200 NX 1,000 NX Cutie Birk Hat 6,400 NX 1,000 NX Black "Hit Me" Shirt 5,600 NX 1,000 NX Brown Argyle Sweater 5,800 NX 1,000 NX Brown Checkered Pants 3,600 NX 1,000 NX Plaid-cuffed Jeans 4,200 NX 1,000 NX Maid Dress (Pink) 7,600 NX 1,500 NX Maid Dress (Blue) 7,600 NX 1,500 NX Marine Tinia Shades 6,400 NX 1,000 NX Island Beads (F) 4,200 NX 1,000 NX Lace Long Boots 4,000 NX 1,000 NX
Philosopher's Book
September 27 to October 10 in the Special Promotions > Limited Time category in non-Reboot worlds only.
Get rewards! The Philosopher's Book is a special event item that will give you two random in-game items when you open it. You will receive two random items, one from two separate reward pools.
For this edition of the Philosopher's Book, we've improved the reward list to include:
Firestarter Ring : Grants a skill that can be activated to increase the Burning stage level of the current field.
Bouncy Froggy Pond
Carefree Carousel
Mustachioed Man Chair
We've also made changes to the reward list to remove:
Breath of Divinity Ring
Mesoranger Android Coupon
Chairs: Ribbon Snake Chair, Beautiful Music Chair, Mini Shinsoo Chair, Starry Night Chair
Remember, in addition to the above changes, you can still receive items such as:
Frenzy Totem : Totem. Trade disabled when equipped. Unique Item. STR/DEX/INT/LUK: +30. Weapon ATT/Magic ATT: +10. Grants the Monolith skill which, when used, increases monster count and monster respawn time on the current map.
Permanent Pendant Slot Expansion Coupon : Use this coupon to permanently increase the number of pendant slots in your Equip inventory. Now you will be able to equip 1 additional pendant!
Lv. 150 Fafnir weapons
Rings: Lightning God Ring, Scarlet Ring, Ultimatum Ring
Androids: Damienroid, Aliciaroid, BattleRoids, Succubus Android, Maidroid, Orchiroid, Lotusroid, Fairy Roids, Moonbeam Roid
Planet Chair set
Permanent Mounts: Witch's Broomstick Mount, Double Pink Unicorn Mount, Flying Bed Mount, Friend Mount, Double Aria Assistant Mount, Gargoyle Mount, Decapatruck Mount
Lv. 160 Sweetwater accessories
Android Hearts : Permanent Liquid-Metal Heart, Titanium Heart, and Outlaw Heart
Gollux Pendant and Belts
Lv. 140 Empress set equips
20 Slot Bags : Mineral, Herb, Title, Chair, Soul, Production, Recipe
A- and B-rank Nebulites
Special scrolls such as Unique Potential Scrolls 80%/100%, 9th Anniversary Prime Scrolls, and Lv. 150/Lv. 160-Star Force 12 Star 100% Enhancement
And more!
Each Philosopher's Book can only be used once. Click here to read more about the Philosopher's Book!
Note: The Philosopher's Book can only be purchased with NX Prepaid and Maple Points.
Philosopher's Book Price (1): 2,600 NX Price (11): 26,000 NX Duration: 90 days
Royal Style Coupons
September 27 to October 10 in the Appearance category in both Reboot and non-Reboot worlds.
Take your Royal Hair Coupon to NPC Big Headward in Henesys Hair Salon, or your Royal Face Coupon to NPC Nurse Pretty in Henesys Plastic Surgery to get your new style! Royal Style Coupons are regularly found in the Appearance > Beauty Parlor category in the Cash Shop. You can preview the Royal Styles by double-clicking on the Royal Hair Coupon or the Royal Face Coupon in the Cash Shop.
Check out the Male Hairstyles available now: White Rose Hair (NEW!), Rabble Rouser Hair (NEW!), Prince Cut, My-Dear-Prince Hair, Neinheart Hair, and The Fever.
Check out the Female Hairstyles available now: Sweet Fairy Hair (NEW!), Choppy Bangs (NEW!), Princessy Hair, Artsy Long Hair, Wonder Bunny, and Foxy Tail Hair.
Check out the Male Face Styles available now: Bunny Nose Face (NEW!), Enamored Face (NEW!), Foxy Eyes Face, Smartie Face, Caterpillar Brow Face, and Rondo Face.
Check out the Female Face Styles available now: Elwin Face (NEW!), Eyes-On-You Face (NEW!), Mr. Moon Face, Beryl Face, Pretty Lashes Face, and Sweet Face.
Royal Face Price: 3,300 NX Duration: 90 days
Royal Hair Price: 3,300 NX Duration: 90 days
Fish Man Permanent Pet Packages
September 27 to October 10 in the Special Promotions > Limited Time category in non-Reboot worlds only.
Take home these curious-looking Fish Man pets! Choose from Stingray Man, Blowfish Man, and Carp Man, or take home all three. The individual pet packages come with an equipt to wear, yummy pet food to eat, a Pet Name Tag, and some useful pet skills and scrolls.
Fish Man Multi-pet Package Price: 20,600 NX Includes: Stingray Man (Permanent duration) Blowfish Man (Permanent duration) Carp Man (Permanent duration) Premium Pet Food (6) (90-day duration) Auto HP Potion Skill (90-day duration. Permanent when applied.) Auto All Cure Skill (90-day duration. Permanent when applied.) Pet Snack (90-day duration)
Stingray Man Package Price: 10,860 NX Includes: Stingray Man (Permanent duration) Red Sports Cap (Permanent duration) Premium Pet Food (6) (90-day duration) Auto HP Potion Skill (90-day duration. Permanent when applied.) Auto All Cure Skill (90-day duration. Permanent when applied.) Pet Name Tag (90-day duration. Permanent when applied.) 2 Scrolls for Pet Equip. for ATT 60% (90-day duration) 2 Scrolls for Pet Equip. for M. ATT 60% (90-day duration)
Blowfish Man Package Price: 10,860 NX Includes: Blowfish Man (Permanent duration) Black Top Hat (Permanent duration) Premium Pet Food (6) (90-day duration) Auto HP Potion Skill (90-day duration. Permanent when applied.) Auto All Cure Skill (90-day duration. Permanent when applied.) Pet Name Tag (90-day duration. Permanent when applied.) 2 Scrolls for Pet Equip. for ATT 60% (90-day duration) 2 Scrolls for Pet Equip. for M. ATT 60% (90-day duration)
Carp Man Package Price: 10,860 NX Includes: Carp Man (Permanent duration) Blue Bow Tie (Permanent duration) Premium Pet Food (6) (90-day duration) Auto HP Potion Skill (90-day duration. Permanent when applied.) Auto All Cure Skill (90-day duration. Permanent when applied.) Pet Name Tag (90-day duration. Permanent when applied.) 2 Scrolls for Pet Equip. for ATT 60% (90-day duration) 2 Scrolls for Pet Equip. for M. ATT 60% (90-day duration)
Fish Man 90-Day Pets
September 27 to October 10 in the Special Promotions > Limited Time category in Reboot world only.
Take home these curious-looking Fish Man pets! Pick up Stingray Man, Blowfish Man, and Carp Man and let these little buddies join you on your adventures in Reboot world!
Blueberry Cupcakes with Goat Cheese Frosting…sound interesting? These unique cupcakes are sure to win over both your adult friends and children alike. The tangy, sweet goat cheese frosting is the perfect compliment to this light blueberry cupcake. It's a great addition to your Fourth of July picnic or anytime you want to indulge. I just can't get enough of these delightful cupcakes!
Cupcakes
1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour
1 3/4 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, softened
3/4 cup granulated sugar
2 eggs
2 teaspoons vanilla
1/2 cup milk
1 cup blueberries, plus additional for garnish
Goat Cheese Frosting
4 ounces goat cheese
1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, softened
2 cups powdered sugar
1 tablespoon milk
1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Line 12 standard muffin tins with paper baking cups. Whisk flour, baking powder and salt in small bowl.
2. Beat 1/2 cup butter and granulated sugar in large bowl with electric mixer at medium speed until light and fluffy. Add eggs and vanilla; beat well. Add flour mixture and 1/2 cup milk; beat at low speed just until combined. Stir in 1 cup blueberries. Spoon batter evenly into prepared muffin cups.
3. Bake 20 minutes or until toothpick inserted into centers comes out clean. cool in pan 10 minutes. Remove to wire rack and allow cooling completely.
4. For frosting, beat goat cheese and 1/4 cup butter in large bowl with electric mixer at medium speed until well combined. Add powdered sugar and tablespoon of milk; beat until smooth. If frosting is too thick, add an additional tablespoon of milk. Frost cupcakes; garnish with additional fresh blueberries.
5. Enjoy!
Veteran MMA referee Josh Rosenthal awaits sentencing after pleading guilty to conspiracy to manufacture and distribute marijuana and possession with intent to distribute.
One year ago, federal agents raided an Oakland, Calif., warehouse owned by Rosenthal and an associate that contained 1,356 marijuana plants, according to a copy of the agreement, which MMAjunkie.com (www.mmajunkie.com) obtained from the U.S. District Attorney's office in Oakland.
The drug's street value was estimated at more than $6 million.
Rosenthal is due in U.S. District Court on May 17. The government is recommending 37 months in jail, fines and five years of probation, during which he would be subject to random searches, according to the agreement. Without a deal, he faced 10 years to life in prison, a $10 million fine and a minimum of five years' probation.
However, the court ultimately will decide Rosenthal's sentence.
Rosenthal, who agreed to a plea deal in January, did not respond to request for comment. His lawyer of record, Ted W. Cassman, was unavailable for comment.
A jiu-jitsu practitioner and martial artist, Rosenthal has officiated dozens of high-profile bouts in the UFC, including a heavyweight title fight at UFC 116 between then-champ Brock Lesnar and Shane Carwin. The Nevada State Athletic Commission chose Rosenthal after Lesnar and UFC officials objected to veteran ref Steve Mazzagatti getting the assignment.
After the fight, UFC President Dana White praised Rosenthal's restraint in the bout's first round, when Carwin unleashed a flurry of punches upon the downed Lesnar. The now-retired Lesnar went on to win the bout via second-round submission.
As of late, Rosenthal has been conspicuously absent from major MMA events. Earlier this month, he gave an interview to website BloodyElbow.com in which he said his absence was the result of a staph infection. He said he would be officiating an event in May and made no mention of legal trouble.
With Gigantic Melancholies and Gigantic Mirth
"Dog!" cries Conan, as he advances on a lion.
There you have my favorite moment from Conan the videogame, released by Nihilistic Software for the PlayStation3 and Xbox 360 a few months ago. I got a good laugh out of this doubly absurd outburst, as I'm perverse enough to enjoy unintentionally funny, second-rate productions.
But perversities of this kind always disappoint a little. Laughing at Nihilistic's sloppy production, I have that familiar sinking feeling: "This is my life! Hit with another stupid game! Mirth and melancholy!"
The stupidity of taunting a cat as you would a man is emblematic of the game's stupidity in general, and the failings of Conan say much about the struggles of all videogames. Nihilistic doesn't understand Conan's appeal. They see him as an agglomeration of Conanisms, which they strew haphazardly through their game. Conan hacks people up. He guzzles grog and smashes stuff. Bare breasts orbit him. And, yes, he calls his opponents "dog" a lot. All of these things appear in the various Conan media, but they alone have not kept the character popular for three-quarters of a century.
Just about all game developers take their inspiration from B-list entertainment, the rank into which Conan falls. Amazingly, none of them seems to know why audiences love - not just like - Aliens or Star Wars or The X-Men. Developers tear off the skin of their source material but leave the flesh intact.
What makes B-grade entertainment so enjoyable doesn't amount to a collection of explosions, semi-naked women and monsters rendered in eye-rending detail. No, searching intelligence draws all these elements together, making them both fun and compelling. Behind every great pulp character stands a frustrated artist who tells us something important about the world, but has only swords and sorcery or lasers and lingerie at his disposal to do it.
Conan is the quintessential B-list hero: repulsively simple at first glance, but actually complicated and conflicted. Videogames are a B-list oddity with unique difficulties. Conan the game exemplifies these difficulties and shows how they may be resolved.
Conan And His Dog-Brothers
Nihilistic - and publisher THQ - marketed their Conan game as a return to the barbarian's roots. "The character we're using in this game is the Robert E. Howard Conan," said Nihilistic CEO and Conan Project Director, Robert Heubner, in a "making-of" video.
What's so great about Conan as he originally appeared? What's the cachet? Howard invented Conan in the golden age of pulp fiction. The pulp magazines of the Great Depression (Conan first appeared in Weird Tales in 1932) sold millions of copies every month. They featured lowbrow entertainment: adventure stories, mainly, with salacious overtones. In that day, pulp fiction and comic books provided decent return on investment. Even though they cost very little, the books sold well enough to turn a profit. Financial mediocrity, as well as an overall dearth of quality, distinguished the B-listers from their highbrow brethren, but so did their subject matter. Barbarians? Spaceships? superheroes? The stuff of the unwashed masses, and Conan was their champion.
Gestev presents the pre-tournament game between the teams North America vs Europe, in anticipation of the World Cup of Hockey 2016, on September 8 at Videotron Centre.
THE TEAMS
16 players on each team have already been selected and announced by each team's management staff, which was appointed by the National Hockey League Players' Association (NHLPA) and the National Hockey League (NHL). The following players will be part of Team Europe and Team North America:
Frederik Andersen (Anaheim) - G
Jaroslav Halak (N.Y. Islanders) – G Thomas Greiss (N.Y. Islanders) - G
Zdeno Chara (Boston) – D
Roman Josi (Nashville) – D
Dennis Seidenberg (Boston) – D
Andrej Sekera (Edmonton) – D
Mark Streit (Philadelphia) – D Christian Ehrhoff (Chicago) - D Luca Sbisa (Vancouver) - D Mikkel Boedker (Colorado) – F Leon Draisaitl (Edmonton) – F
Jannik Hansen (Vancouver) – F
Marian Hossa (Chicago) – F
Anze Kopitar (Los Angeles) – F
Frans Nielsen (N.Y. Islanders) – F
Tomas Tatar (Detroit) – F
Thomas Vanek (Minnesota) – F
Mats Zuccarello (N.Y. Rangers) – F Pierre-Édouard Bellemare (Philadelphie) - F Marian Gaborik (Los Angeles) - F Nino Niederreiter ( Minnesota) - F Tobias Rieder ( Arizona) - F
John Gibson (Anaheim) – G
Connor Hellebuyck (Manitoba AHL) - G
Matthew Murray (Pittsburgh) – G
Aaron Ekblad (Floride) – D
Seth Jones (Columbus) – D
Ryan Murray (Columbus) – D
Morgan Rielly (Toronto) – D Shayne Gostisbehere (Philadelphie) - D Colton Parayko (St. Louis) - D Jacob Trouba (Winnipeg) - D
Sean Couturier (Philadelphie) – F
Jack Eichel (Buffalo) – F
Johnny Gaudreau (Calgary) – F
Dylan Larkin (Détroit) – F
Nathan MacKinnon (Colorado) – F
Connor McDavid (Edmonton) – F
J.T. Miller (N.Y. Rangers) – F
Sean Monahan (Calgary) – F
Brandon Saad (Columbus) – F Jonathan Drouin (Tampa Bay) - F Auston Matthews (Zurich) - F Ryan Nugent-Hopkins (Edmonton) - F Mark Scheifele ( Winnipeg) - F
ABOUT THE WORLD CUP OF HOCKEY 2016
The World Cup of Hockey returns to Toronto in September 2016, where eight teams, comprised of the world's best hockey players, will compete for a best-on-best international hockey championship. The World Cup of Hockey is a joint effort of the NHLPA and the NHL, in cooperation with the International Ice Hockey Federation (IIHF). It is expected that more than 150 of the best NHL players will be part of the eight participating teams: Team Canada (CAN), Team Czech Republic (CZE), Team Europe (EUR - players born outside the Czech Republic, Finland, Russia and Sweden), Team Finland (FIN), Team North America (NA - the best Canadian and American players aged 23 years old and under as of October 1, 2016), Team Russia (RUS), Team Sweden (SWE) and Team USA (USA).
In addition of the pre-tournament game played in Quebec City on September 8th, 11 more pre-tournament games will be played from September 8th to the 14th in Columbus, Pittsburgh, Washington, Montreal and Ottawa, as well as in Prague, Czech Republic, Gothenburg, Sweden, Helsinki, Finland and Moscow, Russia.
For the Preliminary Round (round robin tournament) which will take place from September 17th to the 22nd, the eight teams will be divided into two groups -- Group A and Group B -- and each team will play each of the other three teams in its group. The teams finishing first and second in their respective groups will advance to the Semifinals (September 24th and 25th), with the first place teams in each of the groups facing the teams that took the second position in the other group in a sudden-death semi-final game. The two winners of the Semifinals will meet in a best-of-three Final series to be held on September 27th, 29th and October 1st, if necessary.
For more information on the World Cup of Hockey 2016, visit the www.wch2016.com
Forget the five-million plus commuters and untold number of rats -- many of the living things crowded into the New York City subway system are too small to see. An interest in the more menacing among these microbes led high school student Anya Dunaif, a participant in Rockefeller's Summer Science Research Program, to spend her vacation swabbing benches and turn styles beneath the city. Among her findings: bacteria impervious to two major antibiotics.
The samples she collected and cultured in five stations are a component of a city-scale environmental DNA sampling effort led by Chris Mason, an assistant professor at Weill Cornell Medical College with support from Rockefeller's Science Outreach program, as well as from numerous local, national and international collaborators. This project, called Pathomap, seeks to profile the city's microbial community, or microbiome, while also capturing DNA from other organisms, all of which could potentially be used to assess biological threats, including those to human health. The project's initial results are described in a paper published Wednesday (February 4) in Cell Systems.
With help from fellow high school student researcher Nell Kirchberger, Dunaif collected the bacteria on swabs and tested to see if they would grow in Petri dishes containing three commonly used antibiotics. Bacteria from five of the 18 swabs she tested grew in spite of the presence of either ampicillin or kanamycin, and in one case, both. None of the cultured bacteria appeared resistant to the third antibiotic, chloramphenicol.
Antibiotic resistance -- the ability of disease-causing bacteria to withstand compounds used to kill them off -- can make a once treatable infection more serious, even life threatening. A natural consequence of evolution, and the widespread use and misuse of antibiotics, resistance is increasing worldwide.
"Although I knew resistance is considered a serious threat to modern medicine, I went into this project not certain what to expect. I wasn't even sure we would see antibiotic-resistant bacteria, let alone multi-drug resistant bacteria," says Dunaif, a senior at St. Ann's School in Brooklyn. "Now we hope to build off the work I did over the summer by searching for more types of antibiotic resistance in more stations."
Joining her on the continuing search for drug-resistant bugs are Anya Auerbach, a senior at the Ethical Culture Fieldston School, and Will Lounsbery-Scaife, now a freshman at New York University. (Kirchberger has since returned to California.) Both took on their own projects over the summer, although their work was not included in the current Pathomap publication.
Now the three of them, with guidance from Jeanne Garbarino, director of Rockefeller's Science Outreach Program, are preparing a rigorous sampling protocol they plan to test at the Lexington Avenue/59th Street station, and getting ready to look for resistance against four additional antibiotics. As part of this contribution to Pathomap's ongoing work, they intend to use genetic sequencing and analysis provided by Weill Cornell Medical College to identify the resistance genes and the molecular pathways the microbes that contain them used to evade the drugs.
"There's no question, high school students can do legitimate primary research. If we are going to encourage critical thinking, which is important regardless of what you do in life, I think it is important to have them ask and attempt to answer open-ended questions," Garbarino says.
Lounsbery-Scaife spent his summer swabbing water fountains in Central Park. The sequencing results aren't complete yet, but the experience, he says, has given him a better understanding of the scientific process, not just the results.
"It has de-romanticized the whole process for me, but not in a bad way. I learned how slow and consistent you have to be throughout, writing everything down and doing everything exactly the same way. This might deter some people from wanting to do science, but for me, it just validates my interest in it," Lounsbery-Scaife says.
Auerbach, meanwhile, attempted to track microbes as they accumulated over time on Grand Central Station ticket machines. Her effort, which she says attracted a surprising lack of interest from subway riders, was unsuccessful because she couldn't get enough DNA. Nevertheless, she sees value in the disappointment.
"I was hoping to get something really cool and exciting and instead it was like, nope, we can't even sequence this. I did a lot of troubleshooting, and I am confident that if there was something there we would have gotten it," Auerbach says.
Auerbach's results are actually quite typical of research done even by professional scientists, Garbarino says. "Someone said to me when I was in grad school for every 99 failures there is one success. It's not about a grand slam every time you are up to bat, it's about strategy and working with your team to get someone to home plate. As our students learned, that may be slow and tedious at times, but it is gratifying nonetheless."
In addition to antibiotic-resistance, Pathomap's surveys also turned up fragments of DNA that correspond to well-known disease causing microbes, including plague and anthrax bacteria. However, the authors note, microbes that left behind this DNA do not appear to be causing widespread disease; instead they may simply represent normal inhabitants of urban infrastructure.
Celtic midfielder Dylan McGeouch has joined League One side Coventry City on loan until the end of the season.
The Scotland Under-21 international has featured only three times for Neil Lennon's side this season.
Glasgow-born McGeouch, 21, has been one of the main targets for Coventry's manager, former Celtic stopper Steven Pressley, throughout the window.
"Dylan is exactly the kind of player that we want to get through the doors at this club," said Pressley.
"In terms of his work ethic, his attitude and his ability. He is young, very hungry and has enormous potential.
More facts about McGeouch Has represented Scotland at every age level up to and including Under-21s, for whom he has won 10 caps.
Has made 19 appearances for Celtic to date, scoring twice.
Made his only Celtic start this season in the League Cup defeat by Morton in September, but he has also made two late substitute appearances, one of them in the Champions League against Belfast side Cliftonville in July.
"He's very comfortable in possession. He's a player that I believe is a game changer.
"There is still a lot of football to be played this season and lot of points to play for and I want Dylan to be a part of that."
McGeoch made his Celtic first team debut in 2011 but, after scoring early in his career against St Mirren, during a friendly with Real Madrid in August 2012.
He returned to make 15 appearances last season, netting his second senior goal against Dundee last February.
However, his first-team opportunities this term have been restricted, with Celtic unbeaten in the Scottish Premiership.
"This is the next chapter of my career," he said. "It's good to finally get the loan sorted because I'm looking forward to the opportunity of playing regular first team football.
"There's also a lot of Scottish people here and it's good to have them about, the likes of John Fleck and big Andy Webster, but I'm looking forward to fitting in with the whole squad.
"I like to attack, I like to get further up the pitch and I obviously like to get amongst the goals as well, and if I can do that and help get good results for Coventry then that would be perfect."
Whole Body Wellness NingXia Red's synergistic, whole-body, antioxidant rich, nutrient infusion supports energy levels, normal cellular function, and whole-body and normal eye health. Have you had your NingXia Red today?
Healthy Weight Loss Do you want to discover a slimmer you? I'll walk you through our healthy weight management solutions and how to incorporate diet and exercise in as little as 30 minutes a day so you'll be able to maximize your results and discover a slimmer you in 60 days!
Toxic Free Cleaning It's important to decrease the amount of toxins we are taking in internally and in our enviornment not only to facilitate healthy weight loss, for the benefit of our family as well. Thieves® essential oil blend is a remarkable combination of clove, rosemary, and other botanicals that is as renowned for it's health-supporting benefits as it is for its versatility.
Jersey City is not sitting back and waiting to see how the proposed development of Liberty State Park plays out.
The city announced this morning that it has hired the law firm of Riker Danzig, Scherer, Hyland, & Perretti, LLP to protect Liberty State Park against the development of a new marina.
The Jersey Journal reported last week that Suntex, which operates Liberty Landing Marina on the north side of the park, has a proposal before the state Department of Environmental Protection to lease 45 acres of the the south side of the park to open another marina; and to expand the existing marina by 10 acres.
"Once again, the Christie Administration has proven their utter disregard for the importance of public parks in New Jersey," Jersey City Mayor Steve Fulop said. "This development is one that would drastically change the landscape of one of the state's best public parks, and to add insult to injury, has progressed up until this point behind closed doors.
"This lack of integrity has become business as usual, and this time, one of our best public assets will suffer unless we as a city fight back."
City officials said the law firm will pursue legal options against the proposed marina, citing a misalignment between the proposed use and the original purpose of the public park, as well as safety concerns for residents and local wildlife.
The contract with the firm is not to exceed $25,000, according to a resolution on the agenda for tonight's City Council meeting.
"We are immensely grateful to Mayor Fulop for delivering the legal resources necessary to protect the south side of Liberty State Park for the public to continue to picnic, fish, walk and enjoy unblemished views of the New York Harbor freely," Greg Remaud, deputy director of the NY/NJ Baykeeper, said in a statement.
Sam Pesin, president of the Friends of Liberty State Park, has been vocal in his opposition to the proposal. He organized a rally in the park on Dec. 2 to show state leaders the immense local opposition to the plan.
"The Friends of Liberty State Park and all supporters of the park as a local, state, and national treasure with open space and priceless open vistas, are very grateful to the Fulop administration for his determination and dedication in stopping this destructive marina plan from going forward," said Pesin, who made details of the park proposal public after making an Open Public Records Act request for the plan.
The park may be the most-visited of the state parks, but according to reports Liberty State Park loses hundreds of thousands of dollars a year. In early 2015 the "Liberty State Park assessment report" was developed and submitted to the state DEP as part of Gov. Chris Christie's "sustainable parks" initiative.
Last year the Friends of Liberty State Park and the city fought a plan to allow commercial barges to be installed on the Hudson River adjacent to Liberty State Park. The plan was eventually scrapped.
Multitouch is just as useful on a desktop as it is on a phone or tablet, so I'm delighted that the first cut of Canonical's UTouch framework has landed in Maverick and will be there for its release on 10.10.10.
You'll need 4-finger touch or better to get the most out of it, and we're currently targeting the Dell XT2 as a development environment so the lucky folks with that machine will get the best results today. By release, we expect you'll be able to use it with a range of devices from major manufacturers, and with addons like Apple's Magic Trackpad.
The design team has lead the way, developing a “touch language” which goes beyond the work that we've seen elsewhere. Rather than single, magic gestures, we're making it possible for basic gestures to be chained, or composed, into more sophisticated “sentences”. The basic gestures, or primitives, are like individual verbs, and stringing them together allows for richer interactions. It's not quite the difference between banging rocks together and conducting a symphony orchestra, but it feels like a good step in the right direction 😉
The new underlying code is published on Launchpad under the GPLv3 and LGPLv3, and of course there are quite a lot of modules for things like X and Gtk which may be under licenses preferred by those projects. There's a PPA if you're interested in tracking the cutting edge, or just branch / push/ merge on LP if you want to make it better. Details in the official developer announcement. The bits depend on Peter Hutterer's recently published update to the X input protocols related to multi-touch, and add gesture processing and gesture event delivery. I'd like to thank Duncan McGreggor for his leadership of the team which implemented this design, and of course all the folks who have worked on it so far: Henrik Rydberg, Rafi Rubin, Chase Douglas, Stephen Webb at the heart of it, and many others who have expanded on their efforts.
In Maverick, quite a few Gtk applications will support gesture-based scrolling. We'll enhance Evince to show some of the richer interactions that developers might want to add to their apps. Window management will be gesture-enabled in Unity, so 10.10 Netbook Edition users with touch screens or multi-touch pads will have sophisticated window management at their fingertips. Install Unity on your desktop for a taste of it, just apt-get install ubuntu-netbook and choose the appropriate session at login.
The roadmap beyond 10.10 will flesh out the app developer API and provide system services related to gesture processing and touch. It would be awesome to have touch-aware versions of all the major apps – browser, email, file management, chat, photo management and media playback – for 11.04, but that depends on you! So if you are interested in this, let's work up some branches 🙂 Here's the official Canonical blog post, too.
This entry was posted on Monday, August 16th, 2010 at 12:50 pm and is filed under design, free software, ubuntu. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. Both comments and pings are currently closed.
Nearly six years ago, I wrote a column called "So You Want to Go to Grad School?" (The Chronicle, June 6, 2003). My purpose was to warn undergraduates away from pursuing Ph.D.'s in the humanities by telling them what I had learned about the academic labor system from personal observation and experience.
It was a message many prospective graduate students were not getting from their professors, who were generally too eager to clone themselves. Having heard rumors about unemployed Ph.D.'s, some undergraduates would ask about job prospects in academe, only to be told, "There are always jobs for good people." If the students happened to notice the increasing numbers of well-published, highly credentialed adjuncts teaching part time with no benefits, they would be told, "Don't worry, massive retirements are coming soon, and then there will be plenty of positions available." The encouragement they received from mostly well-meaning but ill-informed professors was bolstered by the message in our culture that education always leads to opportunity.
All these years later, I still get letters from undergraduates who stumble onto that column. They tell me about their interests and accomplishments and ask whether they should go to graduate school, somehow expecting me to encourage them. I usually write back, explaining that in this era of grade inflation (and recommendation inflation), there's an almost unlimited supply of students with perfect grades and glowing letters. Of course, some doctoral program may admit them with full financing, but that doesn't mean they are going to find work as professors when it's all over. The reality is that less than half of all doctorate holders — after nearly a decade of preparation, on average — will ever find tenure-track positions.
The follow-up letters I receive from those prospective Ph.D.'s are often quite angry and incoherent; they've been praised their whole lives, and no one has ever told them that they may not become what they want to be, that higher education is a business that does not necessarily have their best interests at heart. Sometimes they accuse me of being threatened by their obvious talent. I assume they go on to find someone who will tell them what they want to hear: "Yes, my child, you are the one we've been waiting for all our lives." It can be painful, but it is better that undergraduates considering graduate school in the humanities should know the truth now, instead of when they are 30 and unemployed, or worse, working as adjuncts at less than the minimum wage under the misguided belief that more teaching experience and more glowing recommendations will somehow open the door to a real position.
Most undergraduates don't realize that there is a shrinking percentage of positions in the humanities that offer job security, benefits, and a livable salary (though it is generally much lower than salaries in other fields requiring as many years of training). They don't know that you probably will have to accept living almost anywhere, and that you must also go through a six-year probationary period at the end of which you may be fired for any number of reasons and find yourself exiled from the profession. They seem to think becoming a humanities professor is a reliable prospect — a more responsible and secure choice than, say, attempting to make it as a freelance writer, or an actor, or a professional athlete — and, as a result, they don't make any fallback plans until it is too late.
I have found that most prospective graduate students have given little thought to what will happen to them after they complete their doctorates. They assume that everyone finds a decent position somewhere, even if it's "only" at a community college (expressed with a shudder). Besides, the completion of graduate school seems impossibly far away, so their concerns are mostly focused on the present. Their motives are usually some combination of the following:
They are excited by some subject and believe they have a deep, sustainable interest in it. (But ask follow-up questions and you find that it is only deep in relation to their undergraduate peers — not in relation to the kind of serious dedication you need in graduate programs.)
They received high grades and a lot of praise from their professors, and they are not finding similar encouragement outside of an academic environment. They want to return to a context in which they feel validated.
They are emerging from 16 years of institutional living: a clear, step-by-step process of advancement toward a goal, with measured outcomes, constant reinforcement and support, and clearly defined hierarchies. The world outside school seems so unstructured, ambiguous, difficult to navigate, and frightening.
With the prospect of an unappealing, entry-level job on the horizon, life in college becomes increasingly idealized. They think graduate school will continue that romantic experience and enable them to stay in college forever as teacher-scholars.
They can't find a position anywhere that uses the skills on which they most prided themselves in college. They are forced to learn about new things that don't interest them nearly as much. No one is impressed by their knowledge of Jane Austen. There are no mentors to guide and protect them, and they turn to former teachers for help.
They think that graduate school is a good place to hide from the recession. They'll spend a few years studying literature, preferably on a fellowship, and then, if academe doesn't seem appealing or open to them, they will simply look for a job when the market has improved. And, you know, all those baby boomers have to retire someday, and when that happens, there will be jobs available in academe.
I know I experienced all of those motivations when I was in my early 20s. The year after I graduated from college (1990) was a recession, and the best job I could find was selling memberships in a health club, part time, in a shopping mall in Philadelphia. A graduate fellowship was an escape that landed me in another city — Miami — with at least enough money to get by. I was aware that my motives for going to graduate school came from the anxieties of transitioning out of college and my difficulty finding appealing work, but I could justify it in practical terms for the last reason I mentioned: I thought I could just leave academe if something better presented itself. I mean, someone with a doctorate must be regarded as something special, right?
Unfortunately, during the three years that I searched for positions outside of academe, I found that humanities Ph.D.'s, without relevant experience or technical skills, generally compete at a moderate disadvantage against undergraduates, and at a serious disadvantage against people with professional degrees. If you take that path, you will be starting at the bottom in your 30s, a decade behind your age cohort, with no savings (and probably a lot of debt).
What almost no prospective graduate students can understand is the extent to which doctoral education in the humanities socializes idealistic, naïve, and psychologically vulnerable people into a profession with a very clear set of values. It teaches them that life outside of academe means failure, which explains the large numbers of graduates who labor for decades as adjuncts, just so they can stay on the periphery of academe. (That's another topic I've written about before; see "Is Graduate School a Cult?" (The Chronicle, July 2, 2004.)
I fell for the line about faculty retirements that went around back in the early 90s, thanks to the infamous Bowen and Sosa Report. I still hear that claim today, from people who ought to know better. Even if the long-awaited wave of retirements finally arrives, many of those tenure lines will not be retained, particularly not now, in the context of yet another recession.
Advertisement
Just to be clear: There is work for humanities doctorates (though perhaps not as many as are currently being produced), but there are fewer and fewer real jobs because of conscious policy decisions by colleges and universities. As a result, the handful of real jobs that remain are being pursued by thousands of qualified people — so many that the minority of candidates who get tenure-track positions might as well be considered the winners of a lottery.
Universities (even those with enormous endowments) have historically taken advantage of recessions to bring austerity to teaching. There will be hiring freezes and early retirements. Rather than replacements, more adjuncts will be hired, and more graduate students will be recruited, eventually flooding the market with even more fully qualified teacher-scholars who will work for almost nothing. When the recession ends, the hiring freezes will become permanent, since departments will have demonstrated that they can function with fewer tenured faculty members.
Nearly every humanities field was already desperately competitive, with hundreds of applications from qualified candidates for every tenure-track position. Now the situation is becoming even worse. For example, the American Historical Association's job listings are down 15 percent and the Modern Language's listings are down 21 percent, the steepest annual decline ever recorded. Apparently, many already-launched candidate searches are being called off; some responsible observers expect that hiring may be down 40 percent this year.
What is 40 percent worse than desperate?
The majority of job seekers who emerge empty-handed this year will return next year, and for several years after that, and so the competition will snowball, with more and more people chasing fewer and fewer full-time positions.
Meanwhile, more and more students are flattered to find themselves admitted to graduate programs; many are taking on considerable debt to do so. According to the Humanities Indicators Project of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, about 23 percent of humanities students end up owing more than $30,000, and more than 14 percent owe more than $50,000.
As things stand, I can only identify a few circumstances under which one might reasonably consider going to graduate school in the humanities:
You are independently wealthy, and you have no need to earn a living for yourself or provide for anyone else.
You come from that small class of well-connected people in academe who will be able to find a place for you somewhere.
You can rely on a partner to provide all of the income and benefits needed by your household.
You are earning a credential for a position that you already hold — such as a high-school teacher — and your employer is paying for it.
Those are the only people who can safely undertake doctoral education in the humanities. Everyone else who does so is taking an enormous personal risk, the full consequences of which they cannot assess because they do not understand how the academic-labor system works and will not listen to people who try to tell them.
It's hard to tell young people that universities recognize that their idealism and energy — and lack of information — are an exploitable resource. For universities, the impact of graduate programs on the lives of those students is an acceptable externality, like dumping toxins into a river. If you cannot find a tenure-track position, your university will no longer court you; it will pretend you do not exist and will act as if your unemployability is entirely your fault. It will make you feel ashamed, and you will probably just disappear, convinced it's right rather than that the game was rigged from the beginning.
After the incredibly underwhelming film Godzilla Raids Again, Toho realized it was time to make a comeback in a big way and they did just that. They took America's most iconic giant movie monster and pitted him against Japan's most iconic giant movie monster in a film I consider to be the Citizen Kane of films that pit America's most iconic giant movie monster against Japan's most iconic giant movie monster.
But to be serious, this film is all sorts of fun and really sets the trend that numerous films afterward would follow. Zany characters that are fun to watch? Check. A needlessly weird plot that's an excuse to get giant monsters to fight? Check. King Kong vs. Godzilla has it all. The plot begins with the CEO of a pharmaceuticals company growing frustrated with a lack of interesting sponsors. His solution? Send two workers to an uncharted island to sedate and bring back a monster of Godzilla proportions that the island's inhabitants worship as a god for marketing purposes. Duh. The two arrive at Faro Island (don't ask me why it's not Skull Island) and befriend the locals with music. It's pure nonsense and all the better for it. What ensues is a short variation of the basic Kong story, only this time they put Kong to sleep with some berry juice and a song and dance routine. No seriously. They eventually get Kong loaded onto an enormous raft being tugged behind their ship, but of course he breaks free and begins making his way inland. All of this story is running concurrently with the Godzilla portion of the film.
An American submarine notices some weird glowing lights and colors coming from a nearby iceberg and decide to check it out. Eventually a helicopter comes looking for them and finds an iceberg that the submarine got caught in. The iceberg begins to crumble, only to reveal Godzilla waking up from his slumber. You would think that people would be made more aware of the iceberg that happens to house the world's most destructive living force, but evidently not.
Naturally, Godzilla makes his way to Japan and starts wrecking everything, which is where our titular monsters meet. Is it the epic battle we all knew it would be? No, Godzilla beats the crap out of Kong, forcing him to retreat. The military then tries killing Godzilla with all kinds of weaponry, but of course nothing works. They then try electrocuting him, like in the first one but with a much higher voltage, and it actually has an effect. Then Kong shows up and straight up bites the power lines. And as we all know, Kong is made more powerful by high voltages of electricity. It's his spinach, if you will, as the famous tale goes. Then, in order to check off another box of the Kong story, he captures a girl and climbs on top of a building, though it looks much sillier in this version, as the building's not really that tall. One song and dance routine later and Kong is out again. Then, after presumably watching Up, they decide to take Kong to Godzilla via balloons. The second fight goes about the same as the first one initially, though Kong is struck by lightning, increasing his strength, as had previously been established. The two, more evenly matched, fight and eventually tumble off a cliff. Kong is the only one to resurface and wanders off into the sunset as well as weird, Japanese pop culture obscurity.
One of the greatest improvements in this film are the fights themselves. While this is still clearly two guys in rubber suits fighting each other, there is an attempt being made to make them fight in a way distinct to them. Godzilla is more willing to utilize his tail this time, though he prefers to keep a good distance and let his atomic breath do most of the work. Kong's movement is completely different from Godzilla and, while nothing like a Gorilla, is far more savage and primal. The film's Americanized version establishes that Kong is far more intelligent than Godzilla, which is why he is quicker to rely on the environment in his fight, rather than on his own strength alone. This reliance ends up giving us one of the greatest moments in a Godzilla fight ever.
Overall, I find it to be one of the more enjoyable films of the Showa era. It's silly, fun to watch, and sets the tone for everything that was to come. And trust me, it only gets weirder from here.
Miss out on the previous articles in this series? Click these links to catch up! Part 1 Part 2
Did you enjoy this content? Let us know on our Facebook page, via Twitter, or check us out on Tumblr!
Media officials in China frequently demote outspoken journalists for flouting censorship. Now staff at the freewheeling Guangdong-based Southern Weekly news magazine – also known as Southern Weekend – have published open letters demanding the ousting of provincial propaganda chief Tuo Zhen for his heavy-handed information control – with hundreds gathering at their office to demonstrate support, according to the Associated Press. If they succeed, they could galvanise the media to challenge press restrictions across the country. So what are their chances?
The journalists have three things going for them. The first is timing. Their protest was sparked when censors rewrote the publication's new year editorial on political reform as a paean to the Communist party. But that was just the latest example of journalists pushed to the limit by leaders orchestrating the power handoff from Hu Jintao to Xi Jinping. At the Committee to Protect Journalists, we have documented at least two additional cases where outspoken news outlets saw their staff overhauled to neuter critical reporting in 2012. Other journalists quit in frustration at escalating censorship. As party chief Xi Jinping prepares to become president in March, Chinese journalists have a unique opportunity to send a clear message to the incoming leadership – and test its response.
The media's second advantage is their colleagues. Journalists have publicly defended their rights even in China's restrictive media environment, and other outlets are defying propaganda orders to signal their support of demands for freedom. Headlines aggregated by the Sina News website formed an acrostic reading "Keep it up, Southern Weekly!". When officials ordered editors nationwide to reprint an article condemning the protest on Monday, many added the disclaimer that it did not represent their opinion. Even state-run newspapers struck conciliatory notes. "Old media regulatory policies cannot go on as they are now," wrote Beijing's Global Times. As one Chinese journalist told CPJ after signing a protest letter in 2010, "They can't punish everyone".
The third boost to the protest is the internet, which has facilitated public debate on sensitive topics – such as government handling of disasters – in spite of censorship. Search engines that have blocked keyword searches for "Southern Weekend" pose no obstacle to China's most engaged web users, who deploy puns, images and homonyms to denote banned content. The debate has also flourished on homegrown social media platforms, such as Sina Weibo. "This Weekend, don't rest," was the phrase Beijing-based Caijing newspaper used to reference the protest on its official Weibo account this week, according to the China Digital Times website. Others were more direct. "I don't play word games; I support the friends at Southern Weekend," the actor Chen Kui told 27 million followers, according to Tea Leaf Nation.
This level of support may suggest that victory is within reach. But defying censorship is not the same as dismantling it. So far, censors are continuing to delete Weibo messages and accounts belonging to the most active supporters, according to international media reports. And as much as the party is touting transparency and anti-corruption – both inherently compatible with a free press – there is no sign yet of a change in media policy. Xi Jinping and his new colleagues in power have to prove themselves faithful to Hu Jintao's legacy to ensure a smooth transition. Strict information management is likely to continue for the foreseeable future.
In that light, the consequences for the Southern Weekly team look less promising. In 2004, three journalists at the Weekly's sister paper Southern Metropolis Daily were jailed on trumped-up corruption charges after reporting critically on local officials. The chances of that happening today are smaller than they used to be, but the threat remains: CPJ recorded at least 32 journalists, mostly online freelancers, behind bars in China on 1 December. Fines and dismissal are more common reprisals for disobeying media directives, and the journalists involved in the protest know that their action has put their livelihoods on the line. Authorities can use these measures behind closed doors, under the cover of institutional reshuffles, which helps to shield them from international scrutiny.
By taking their dispute with Tuo Zhen public, Southern Weekly has blown these secretive, behind-the-scenes machinations wide open. They've provided the public with an excuse to express widespread frustration with the status quo of media censorship, and the public has responded. It's time for Communist party leaders to do the same. Punishing the Weekly staff would mark a real setback for the prospect of reform. Instead, Xi Jinping could transform several damaging years of press restrictions – by listening to China's media.
This post is part of Mini Week, where I'm posting a new mini post but not actually mini as it turns out every weekday this week except not that either.
Note: Click images to see them with larger font.
___________
If you're into Wait But Why, sign up for the Wait But Why email list and we'll send you the new posts right when they come out. Better than having to check the site and wonder!
If you'd like to support Wait But Why, here's our Patreon.
And the full Elon Musk post series is now available as an ebook.
___________
More about the troubles of this life via Wait But Why stick figures:
10 Types of Odd Friendships You're Probably a Part Of
10 Types of 30-Year-Old Single Guys
11 Awkward Things About Email
The Great Perils of Social Interaction
Girls tend to outperform boys in writing at all stages, according to a study of literacy among school pupils.
The biggest difference in attainment between the sexes was recorded at secondary two (S2) level.
Official statistics further revealed that pupils from the most deprived areas performed less well in reading and writing than those from the least deprived areas.
The figures, published by Scotland's chief statistician, were contained in the 2012 Scottish Survey of Literacy and Numeracy.
It is the first time that literacy results have been published from this survey, which monitors national performance in literacy and numeracy in alternate years.
The survey, in which more than 10,000 pupils were involved, analysed attainment levels in school children at primary four (P4), primary seven (P7) and S2.
When writing skills were examined, the report found that around two thirds of writing scripts analysed from P4 and S2 pupils showed that they were performing well, very well, or beyond the relevant level for their stage. Performance was highest in P7 at 72%.
Girls tended to outperform boys in writing at all stages, the figures showed.
The biggest difference was at S2, where 70% of scripts demonstrated that girls were performing well or beyond the expected level. This compared with 58% for boys.
The statistics also revealed differences in writing skills depending on deprivation levels across the country.
“The percentage of scripts demonstrating that pupils were performing well at, very well at or beyond the level was 21 percentage points higher for pupils from the least deprived areas, than pupils from the most deprived areas, at all stages,” the survey said.
When it came to reading, the majority of pupils were said to have performed well or very well at the relevant level for their stage.
Around eight in 10 pupils in both P4 and S2 performed well or very well. That figure rose to nine in 10 pupils in P7.
The percentage of pupils not yet working within their respective levels was described as “small” but it increases between P4 and S2.
Statisticians noted, however, that pupils from the most deprived areas performed less well in reading than those from the least deprived areas at all stages.
Overall, 92% of young primary pupils agreed that they enjoy reading; a figure that dropped to 62% by S2.
Engagement with learning appeared to reduce as pupils got older, the study found. Some 14% of P4 pupils agreed to some extent that learning is boring. At P7 and S2 the levels were 22% and 37% respectively.
Injured Dallas Cowboys rookie outside linebacker Jaylon Smith works out during a morning walk thru at training camp in Oxnard, California, Monday, August 13, 2016. (Tom Fox/The Dallas Morning News)
FRISCO -- No matter how much more Cowboys owner Jerry Jones talks up Jaylon Smith, the rookie linebacker won't contribute this season.
The Cowboys won't activate Smith by the 3 p.m. Tuesday deadline, and instead he'll be placed on the season-ending injured reserve list.
The Cowboys knew when they drafted Smith in the second round out of Notre Dame he would likely miss his entire rookie season because of a serious left knee injury he suffered in his final college game. But that hasn't stopped Jones from delivering false hope for Smith throughout the season, often through interviews on "The Fan" KRLD-FM (105.3).
The Cowboys will, however, move running back Darren McFadden to their active roster. McFadden, who led the Cowboys in rushing a year ago, fractured his right elbow in late May when he slipped and fell during a non-football activity. He had surgery in mid-June.
The Cowboys had a three-week window to practice McFadden and Smith while the two were on the non-football injury list, but that ended Friday. Smith hasn't been able to practice because a damaged nerve hasn't regenerated, but McFadden has been practicing on the scout team. McFadden said last week he's ready to go.
The Cowboys haven't decided on the corresponding roster move they'll have to make to activate McFadden, coach Jason Garrett said Monday. The Cowboys already have four tailbacks on their 53-man roster with Elliott, Alfred Morris, Lance Dunbar and Darius Jackson.
"He had a really good year for us last year and unfortunately he was injured in the early part of this year, but he's practiced well the last three weeks," Garrett said of McFadden. "He's a good player, so we want to give him the opportunity to help this team."
ITHACA, N.Y. – On the heels of President Donald Trump's decision to pull the United States out of the Paris climate agreement, a new Cornell University study finds that labels matter when it comes to acceptance of climate science.
The U.S. public doubts the existence of "global warming" more than it doubts "climate change" — and Republicans are driving the effect, the research shows.
In a nationally representative survey, 74.4 percent of respondents identified as Republicans said they believed that climate change is really happening. But only 65.5 percent said they believed in global warming. In contrast, 94 percent of Democrats replied "yes" to both questions.
Some Republicans may discredit climate science because they may not like the policies that have been proposed to address the problem, said the study's co-author, Jonathon Schuldt, assistant professor of communication at Cornell.
"Acknowledging the reality of global warming or climate change may lead to new government regulations on businesses, which goes against core conservative values," Schuldt said. "So, telling a pollster that the phenomenon isn't happening may reflect something about a person's general policy preferences, not just their level of certainty that the global climate is changing."
The research is an extension of an earlier study co-written by Schuldt. The first study included references to temperatures going up versus changing. The new research focuses on how labels impact acceptance of climate-science in a now more charged political environment.
Nonetheless, it's important to remember that 65 percent of Republicans did indicate that global warming is occurring, said co-author Peter Enns, associate professor of government. "In other words, although the term matters — climate change versus global warming — an overwhelming majority of Republicans still state that global warming is happening," he said.
The labels' effect the researchers identified is especially relevant given Trump's decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate agreement, Enns said. "Nearly 75 percent of Republicans in our sample indicated that climate change is really happening and almost all coverage of Trump's decision on this issue emphasizes the word 'climate.'"
In contrast, Trump's Twitter messages use "global warming" more often than "climate change" and often characterize global warming as a hoax. The researchers conducted a search of Trump's tweets and found 106 contained "global warming" but only 36 mentioned "climate change."
"Our results suggest that Trump's emphasis on 'global warming' may be an effective rhetorical strategy that resonates with his Republican constituents, who express more skepticism in response to that term in particular," said Schuldt.
Although the United States seems to be entering a new era of climate politicization, the chasm between Republicans and Democrats on climate science might not be as large as it seems, Schuldt said.
"If you ask people what they think about climate change — not global warming — we find that the partisan gap shrinks by about 30 percent," he said. "There's actually more agreement here than we think."
This research appeared in the journal "Climatic Change".
###
Cornell University has television, ISDN and dedicated Skype/Google+ Hangout studios available for media interviews. For additional information, see this Cornell Chronicle story.
Media Contact
Joe Schwartz
[email protected]
607-254-6235
@cornell
http://pressoffice.cornell.edu
http://mediarelations.cornell.edu/2017/06/21/climate-change-label-leads-to-climate-science-acceptance/
Related Journal Article
http://dx.doi.org/10.1007/s10584-017-1993-110.1007/s10584-017-1993-1
Window Gas Fills: What Inspectors and Consumers Should Know
by Nick Gromicko
Improvements in window design are an important step toward reducing overall energy costs, as heat gain and loss through windows account for up to half of a home's heating and cooling needs, according to the U.S. Department of Energy. Gas fills, as well as other efficient or green window features, such as low-E coatings and Heat Mirror® insulating glass, help plug “thermal holes” in the building envelope. When used in conjunction with low-E coatings, gas-filled window units can yield incredibly high R-values, so they make a good choice for retrofitting a home to enhance its overall energy efficiency. Consumers can educate themselves on the benefits of multi-paned gas-filled windows, and home inspectors who perform energy audits and/or thermal imaging inspections can help their clients determine whether a retrofit with this type of window is a cost-effective upgrade.
What are Gas Fills?
Homeowners and InterNACHI inspectors may be able to tell if a building's windows are gas-filled by checking the specifications on the original work order or the window tag, which is typically found along the bottom inside track of the window. Two small holes may also be observed along the spacer -- one where the gas entered the unit and the other for air to exit. Gas fills are special gases pumped inside insulated glass units (double- and triple-paned window assemblies also known as IGUs) to improve their thermal efficiency. These viscous, slow-moving gases (typically, argon and krypton) allow for less convection than would ordinary air, minimizing convective currents within the window and reducing the transfer of heat across the window.Homeowners and InterNACHI inspectors may be able to tell if a building's windows are gas-filled by checking the specifications on the original work order or the window tag, which is typically found along the bottom inside track of the window. Two small holes may also be observed along the spacer -- one where the gas entered the unit and the other for air to exit.
Argon and krypton are the gas fills used most often by window manufacturers to displace the air between the panels in windows. Argon, which comprises slightly less than 1% of the Earth's atmosphere, is non-toxic, inert, clear and odorless. Its thermal conductivity is roughly 67% that of air and it's inexpensive, making it an attractive gas fill.
Krypton shares many qualities with its fellow noble gas argon, except that it's an even better insulator, albeit more expensive to produce. When cost and functionality are considered, argon is a more efficient thermal barrier per dollar spent, especially in the larger ½-inch (11mm to 13mm) gaps between double-paned windows. Krypton is more commonly used in the tighter ¼-inch to 3/8-inch (6mm to 9mm) gaps within triple-paned windows. A mixture of krypton, argon and oxygen gases is sometimes used to reconcile performance and price, and occasionally xenon and nitrogen are used, as well.
Gas Leaks
Gas-filled windows will leak over time -- as much as 1% per year, according to some estimates -- depending on the quality of the window and its installation, the building's climate, including its exposure to the sun and the altitude, and other factors. However, these windows will usually perform adequately even after many years of gradual depressurization. According to the National Glass Association, if 80% of the gas remains in spite of gradual leakage over time, a window can be expected to maintain its properties and effectiveness. That means that, "even if 1% was leaking out per year, the window would still be effective in 20 years.”
If the breach is significant, however, the window will no longer be an effective thermal barrier and may require replacement. Condensation or fog inside the window unit indicates that the gas fill has escaped and been replaced with moisture-laden air. Homeowners should clean the window's exterior to be sure that the observed moisture is, in fact, within the window rather than on its surface. The manufacturer or installer should be contacted if the window fails. Leaks can be detected only with special gas-detection equipment. But homeowners should rest assured that leaked argon or krypton poses no health hazards to a home's occupants.
Due to molecular differences between argon and the principal components of air, nitrogen and oxygen, argon under pressure to escape a window unit may exit the seal faster than it can be replaced with air. Under this circumstance, the glass will bend inward to accommodate the gradual reduction in pressure within the window. If conditions are right, according to USGlass Magazine, “units have been reported to shatter with a bang, sometimes described as loud as a gunshot. While the broken glass usually stays within the unit, on at least one occasion, glass has shattered with enough force to send glass shards flying outward.” Elevation differences between the location where the IGU was first pressurized and its installation location may also account for the negative pressure. This phenomenon is quite rare, however, especially in newer windows with superior seals. One rare yet shocking consequence of argon leakage is the sudden implosion of the window.Due to molecular differences between argon and the principal components of air, nitrogen and oxygen, argon under pressure to escape a window unit may exit the seal faster than it can be replaced with air. Under this circumstance, the glass will bend inward to accommodate the gradual reduction in pressure within the window. If conditions are right, according to USGlass Magazine, “units have been reported to shatter with a bang, sometimes described as loud as a gunshot. While the broken glass usually stays within the unit, on at least one occasion, glass has shattered with enough force to send glass shards flying outward.” Elevation differences between the location where the IGU was first pressurized and its installation location may also account for the negative pressure. This phenomenon is quite rare, however, especially in newer windows with superior seals.
In summary, double- and triple-paned windows are often filled with the gases argon or krypton to reduce convection within the window units to improve the building's overall energy efficiency. IGUs can be huge energy-savers for homeowners, and InterNACHI inspectors can help their clients determine whether these windows are the right choice.
Osborne House Inc. continues to control hundreds of thousands of dollars in past government funding and donations, the CBC has learned — even though the women's emergency shelter has been closed for more than a year.
That's because the board of the shelter kept its bank account after the province closed the shelter's doors.
Furthermore, the province let them keep the money. The decision, according to a national charity watchdog, was legal but also ill-advised.
'Total bungling'
"Manitoba taxpayers saw [money] slip away to Osborne House," said Kate Bahan, of Charity Intelligence, in a written statement. "A total bungling."
In April 2015, the province severed ties with Osborne House after a prolonged investigation raised concerns about its operations and financial records. The investigation at one point got so ugly, the province took over operations of the shelter and its funds and Barbara Judt, its chief executive officer, went on medical leave.
Once the provincial funding ended, the shelter closed its doors. The board, however, was allowed to keep the name, the non-profit number, donations and the bank account. All of it, Barbara Judt said, was rightfully theirs.
It belongs to the corporation called Osborne House.… It was just under half a million. - Barbara Judt, chief executive officer, Osborne House
"It belongs to the corporation called Osborne House," Judt told the CBC. "We got back the money that we had the day [the government] took over. It was just under half a million."
Osborne House still has not physically opened up a new shelter. Instead, It runs a phone line in Judt's home.
"The phones are answered at my home here. I answer the phone," Judt said. "We still continue to offer supports and services to women who call us.… We're still helping families."
Judt is currently the only employee of Osborne House Inc. Asked what kind of salary she was drawing for it:
In April 2015, the province severed ties with Osborne House after a prolonged investigation raised concerns about its operations and financial records. "I'm not answering that question."
A provincial spokesperson confirmed they allowed Osborne House Inc. to keep the money, but would not elaborate on the reasons. Board chair Ken Lee, however, told the CBC the province returned the money to them, because they should never have seized the funds to begin with.
"(The province) illegally confiscated our money from the bank account when they took over the shelter," Lee said, in a written statement. "This amounted to theft."
He went on to say the province "eventually returned the funds via five money orders, in an unmarked envelope, with no cover letter or explanation."
He said most of that money came from prior donations to help run the shelter. While the shelter no longer exists, he said Osborne House Inc. "never stopped our operation" and they "continue to offer services to victims of domestic violence."
According to the Corporations Branch, in cases where non-profit agencies fold, they're expected to take any donations and assets they have and donate them in kind to a similar agency. Judt told the CBC they didn't do that because they haven't folded.
Power in brand name
Bahan told the CBC she believes the province should have held back the money. She said they also should have held on to the Osborne House name.
"Brands are the most powerful asset in the charity sector. It's the 'name' donors recognize and trust," Bahan said.
In fact, Osborne House Inc. is still soliciting donations.
Judt set up a Paypal account for those who want to donate (barbarajudt@osbornehouse.inc).The Osborne House Inc. Facebook page now says it's "a Winnipeg non-profit shelter currently searching for a new building."
The CBC has requested further comment from the province.
The North recently threatened a nuclear strike against Washington in retaliation for new United Nations sanctions, which were imposed this month to punish North Korea for its most recent tests of a nuclear device and a long-range rocket.
The new video mostly chronicles what it calls “humiliating defeats” suffered by the United States at North Korea's hands over the years, including the North's capture in 1968 of an American ship, the Pueblo, and the shooting down of an American helicopter in 1994.
It goes on to depict a barrage of artillery, rockets and missiles — including a submarine-launched ballistic missile, which North Korea recently claimed to have successfully tested — and it ends with the American flag in flames.
Hatred for America has long been a prominent theme in North Korean propaganda, and as the North's nuclear and missile programs have advanced in recent years, a sense of empowerment through those weapons has become another key element of the messaging.
The video released Saturday is not the first of its kind. North Korea released one in 2013 that showed Lower Manhattan being bombed, and another soon afterward that showed President Obama and American troops in flames.
'Robbie Burns: Witch Hunter' is a delightful, innovative presentation of the Ploughman Poet that brings him out of the 18th century and into the 21st. The volume itself is also a thing of beauty fit for gifting.
Traditionally, the Scottish poet Robert Burns is associated with Haggis, a good drink and all things associated with the national spirit of Scotland. However, there is a darker side to Burns' poetry that often gets overlooked that is embodied in his longest poem, “Tam O'Shanter.” There is more of the supernatural in Robert Burns' poetry than is commonly known.
Renegade Arts' fanciful portrayal of Scotland's favourite son taps deeply into this vein that lovers of Burns the Poet would enjoy along with readers of this new fantastic interpretation. The creative vision of Gordon Rennie and Emma Beeby is a delightful and innovative presentation of the Ploughman Poet that brings him out of the 18th century and into the 21st.
“Tam o'Shanter” is the story of an unfortunate ne'er-do-well who, after a rousing night at the local pub, is attracted by a clamorous din at an abandoned church. Upon investigation, our man Tam is transfixed by the sight of a witches' gathering, celebrating a dark mass under the musical direction of Satan – “Auld Clootie” playing the bagpipes. Tam cries out – in near-rapture, at the sight of a fair witch in a short shirt dancing seductively (“Weel done, Cutty Sark!”) and is then forced to flee for his life after they give chase. Fleeing for the safety of a running stream, he manages to reach it, for faery lore tells us that spirits and the servants of evil cannot abide running water. Tam lives, though his horse's tail is savagely ripped off by one of the chasing demons.
“Tam o'Shanter” is the basis for the adventure of this story. It begs the question: what if Burns had more experience with the supernatural than anyone thought? 18th century Scotland was a land rife with superstition it is conceivable that Burns could have either heard of a similar story… or fun to speculate that he had experienced an adventure of his own.
Rennie and Beeby have entertainingly served Burns up as a philanderer and a drunkard – to our amusement. Historically speaking, this part is actually fairly accurate. Burns' poem “The Fornicator” gives much credence to this perspective and lends itself very well as the character basis for our hero. Both Rennie and Beeby have woven historical facts into a lattice of supernatural details. Poor Robbie faces a mixture of Christian religious beliefs along with Celtic faery lore, which not only adds to the fun of the story but to its authenticity.
The dialogue is extremely rich. Much like Burns' poetry, it is written in a combination of English and Gaelic and stylishly rendered by letterer Jim Campbell. Many a child of Scottish ex-pats would smile in nostalgic reverie at seeing words like ‘bairn', ‘ken' or ‘heid'. This, by itself, makes this book a joy for any Burns fan let alone any loyal child o' the thistle.
Tiernen Trevallion's art is simply lovely. Drawn dark and bold, it perfectly suits the nature of the story and the character of the lands it is set in. The Scottish moors are dank and dreary and are perfect for a tale of the supernatural. Trevallion's work is well-known in the U.K. and is poised for future comic-star status in North America. His work is perfectly geared to the fantastic and is a beautiful thing to see.
If you look at the construction of the book, it is also, as editor Alexander Fenbow puts it, “a thing of beauty.” Along with the story, selections of Burns' poetry (including “Tam O'Shanter”) are included, accompanied by gorgeous illustrations and a historical biography of Burns written by co-author of Robert Burns in Edinburgh, Jerry Brannigan. Moreover, the cover is a tactile thing of sensory delight. Rugged and scuff-resistant, this is a quality book, in form, function and fun.
This is Burns for a new century. Not only is this book informational and entertaining, but it also serves to elevate. Robert Burns is an underrated poet and this book does proper homage to this son of Scotland's talent and appeal. Known as the People's Poet, this story takes Burns to a new level of entertainment by making him the focus of the story instead of his poetry. Though elements of his poetry are included within the story, they are there to add foundation to the tale along with being included separately in the appendix at the end.
This is a book that readers can have a conversation about. It is a wonderful story on a variety of levels and is one that lovers of Scotland, poetry and witch-hunters can agree upon. A tale of supernatural adventure for sure, to make sure you remember Tam o'Shanter's mare in the 21st century.
Witnesses at a cafe in Brussels say EU labor union head tried to choke woman while asserting 'Hitler should have exterminated all Jews.'
Belgian police have concluded an investigation into a vicious anti-Semitic assault at a cafe in Brussels, in which a European Union official physically attacked a female co-worker, while verbally abusing her as a "dirty Jewess."
The assault, in full view of other restaurant patrons, occurred on the patio of the "Italiano" cafe near European Union headquarters in the city, Haaretz reports.
A 50-year old Italian woman - a department head at the European Council - saw a man at the cafe holding a metal plaque engraved with "Mussolini" and praising the World War II-era Italian fascist leader.
She apparently infuriated the man by informing him that "he [Mussolini] was still a dictator," to which the man replied: "Dirty Jewess … Hitler should have exterminated all Jews, just like Jews today are exterminating Palestinians."
According to the woman's complaint, the encounter quickly turned violent with the man then hitting her on the head with the metal plaque, slapping her and grabbing her throat in an effort to choke her.
When other people at the cafe got up to stop him, he resisted, shouting, "All you Jews should have been killed."
Several visitors in the cafe recognized the attacker as Stefan Gersh, a Maltese EU official and the president of the EU labor union Generation 2004, and gave the woman his name.
Although not Jewish, she rushed to the police to lodge a complaint and also turned to Joel Rubinfeld, president of the Belgian League against Anti-Semitism (LBCA), who launched his own probe into the attack.
Based on Belgian's laws against racism, anti-Semitism and Holocaust denial, LBCA also filed an official complaint against Gersh.
​“This serious incident illustrates yet again that you don't have to be Jewish in order to be a victim of anti-Semitism," Rubinfeld told Haaretz on Wednesday.
"In light of the multiple witness accounts, I'm sure that the ones responsible at the European Union will take the right steps, including firing the assailant. In the meantime we have demanded that he be suspended until the end of the investigation.”
Conquering A Fear Of Robots
Commentator Andrei Codrescu reflects on how the number of automated tasks that take place in our lives once troubled him. But no longer. He's come to peace with all the robotic devices that surround us.
MICHELE NORRIS, host:
Good news today from commentator Andrei Codrescu. While most Americans have been worrying these days about the economy or their kids' education, Andrei has been worrying about robots. Well, no more.
ANDREI CODRESCU: A friend I haven't seen in years asked me, how is it going? I lost my fear of robots, I told him. And when I read that the new Microsoft Xbox Connect is trying to control the living room, I was shocked that I felt no outrage, no angst, nothing at all. And I realized that slowly, slowly, without feeling it, my living room, like my bedroom, and the rest of the house and the city and the country have been taken over by robots working gently, swiftly, stealthily.
In the bedroom they've got you sleeping and loving on drugs, machines wash your dishes and someone playing on a screen somewhere decided what your house is worth and what clothes you should wear. Shoes with springs in them, pants that lie about their true size and the medical shirt that monitors your vitals and emails your doctor if anything is wrong.
And someone put all the books out of the library on a Kindle and left you an extra room to rent when your pension will be gone, which will be soon. And your organs have already been distributed to the future people who will need them because you signed the donor card, either one they gave you or took away your driver's license. You can't remember for sure. But that's okay because you can always Google it.
No, I'm not afraid of robots anymore, I told my friend. The only thing that worries me is that it looks like I have nothing to do, even though the media, entertainment industrial military complex is working around the clock to reassure me of the gravity of nothing. I'm trying to believe it, but I know that only the weather matters.
Well, said my friend, I must be a lot younger than you, because I never even thought that I should be afraid of robots. I just thought that this is the way the world is. Oh, that's why I haven't seen you in years, I said.
NORRIS: Andrei Codrescu's latest book is called "The Poetry Lesson."
Copyright © 2010 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Odell Beckham Jr. has signed the most lucrative shoe deal ever for an NFL player, according to Nick DePaula of Nice Kicks. The deal is worth more than $25 million over five years.
DePaula reports that Beckham's deal with Nike was set to expire on May 1. He and his agent, Zeke Sandhu, heard pitches from both Nike and Adidas. Adidas had offered Beckham a deal, and Nike had 10 days to match the offer, similar to how restricted free agency works. Nike opted to match that deal on Tuesday.
Beckham is one of the best recognized players for his variety of footwear on the football field. As far as sneaker deals go for NFL players, he's the biggest catch for any brand.
He's stylish and loves to rock the latest sneakers off the field as well.
A post shared by Odell Beckham Jr (@obj) on Mar 21, 2017 at 5:15pm PDT
On the field, we should keep expecting to see Beckham in some colorful customs prior to games. If the NFL decides to loosen its restrictions on cleats in the future, we could expect to see them in-game as well.
He's had patriotic tributes:
He also paid tribute to the late Craig Sager:
Beckham's deal with Nike is large compared to what he's making with the Giants. He's still on his rookie deal, which he signed for four years and $10.4 million.
There are not many prize players for brands in the NFL, but Beckham is the greatest of them all and will be staying with the king of sneaker brands.
While Beckham's deal is nice, it doesn't compare to the lifetime deal LeBron James received from Nike in December of 2015.
This article is about the actor. For the theologian, see David Wenham (theologian)
David Wenham (born 21 September 1965) is an Australian actor who has appeared in movies, television series and theatre productions. He is known in Hollywood for his roles as Faramir in The Lord of the Rings film trilogy, Carl in Van Helsing, Dilios in 300 and its sequel 300: Rise of an Empire, Al Parker in Top of the Lake, and Lieutenant John Scarfield in Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales. He is known in his native Australia for his role as Diver Dan in SeaChange.
Early life [ edit ]
Wenham was born in Marrickville, Sydney, the son of Kath and Bill Wenham. He has five older sisters; Helen, Anne, Carmel, Kathryn, and Maree; and one older brother, Peter. He was raised in the Roman Catholic faith and attended Christian Brothers' High School, Lewisham.[1][2]
Career [ edit ]
Wenham started his career as an actor after graduating from Theatre Nepean at the University of Western Sydney with a Bachelor of Arts (Performing Arts) in 1987.[3] Wenham's television credits include several telemovies, such as his AFI award-winning role in the 1996 telemovie Simone de Beauvoir's Babies; and his role as the outwardly laid back but deeply enigmatic diver Dan Della Bosca in the 1998 and 1999 seasons of the highly successful ABC television series SeaChange. His role as "Diver Dan" has made the actor something of a sex symbol, although he dislikes thinking of himself as such,[4] and he has been voted Australia's "sexiest man alive".[5] A portrait of Wenham by artist Adam Cullen won the Archibald Prize in 2000.[6][7]
Australian films Wenham has starred in include they critically acclaimed The Boys (1998) based on the play of the same name premiered at Griffin Theatre Company and in turn based on the murder of Anita Cobby; Molokai (1999), based on the life of Father Damien; The Bank (2001); Gettin' Square (2003); Stiff (2004); The Brush Off (2004) and Three Dollars (2005). Wenham has periodically appeared in Hollywood films; he is known for playing Faramir, son of Denethor II, in New Line Cinema's The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers and The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King.
He was seen in Van Helsing playing Hugh Jackman's sidekick, Friar Carl. His character, Dilios, narrated and appeared in the movie 300. Minor roles of Wenham's in overseas films include in The Crocodile Hunter as a park ranger, and briefly in Moulin Rouge! as Audrey. Wenham stars in the music video for Alex Lloyd's single "Brand New Day". In 2008's Australia, he reunited with Hugh Jackman playing antagonist Neil Fletcher.
In both Lord of the Rings: Return of the King and 300, Wenham's character is the sole survivor returned from an ill-fated battle (the Battle at Osgiliath and the Battle of Thermopylae, respectively). He reprises his role of Dilios in the videogame 300: March to Glory for Sony PlayStation Portable, which contains a substantial amount of new dialogue.
In 2009, he again took to the stage, this time as the lead actor, Jerry Springer, in the British musical Jerry Springer: The Opera. During its 6-day run at the Sydney Opera House he played in sold-out performances alongside ARIA award-winning singer Kate Miller-Heidke.
In 2010, Wenham starred as the disgraced Melbourne lawyer Andrew Fraser in the Australian TV series Killing Time. This ten-part series shows Fraser's fall from grace as he defends many Melbourne criminals during the 1980s and 1990s. It was shown on TV1 in late 2011.
Wenham plays New Zealand detective Al Parker[8] alongside Elisabeth Moss[9] in the 2013 BBC series Top of the Lake.
In 2013, Wenham returned to the stage to play the lead role of John Proctor, in the Melbourne Theatre Company's mid-year production of Arthur Miller's The Crucible.
In 2014, Wenham starred as Patrick Jones in Paper Planes, released on 15 January 2015. That same year, Wenham voiced the role Jacko a frilled-neck lizard, in Blinky Bill the Movie.
Wenham played the role of Harold Meachum in the Netflix original TV series Iron Fist, which premiered in March 2017.[10]
In 2018, Wenham roles the voice of Johnny Town-Mouse in Peter Rabbit.
Personal life [ edit ]
He has two daughters with his longtime girlfriend, Kate Agnew.[11]
Wenham read a poem by Rupert McCall at the memorial service for Steve Irwin. The poem was entitled "The Crocodiles are Crying".[12]
Wenham is a Sydney Swans supporter.[13]
Filmography [ edit ]
Film [ edit ]
Television [ edit ]
Awards and nominations [ edit ]
As President Donald Trump has dug his feet in following his initial failure to fully denounce white nationalists after a car attack in Charlottesville, Virginia, Trump has been acting out of anger and has become increasingly isolated in the White House this week.
After his initial statement failed to offer a full-throated condemnation of white nationalist and other hate groups, Trump was pressured by his aides to follow up with a more forceful statement. But after doing so, the President became angry and suspicious about attempts to control his messaging, prompting him to follow up with an impromptu news conference Tuesday that went off the rails when he blamed both sides for the violence in Charlottesville, Politico reported.
Trump felt vindicated following that presser, according to the Washington Post.
The President's anger over the past few days has been apparent. As business leaders fled White House advisory panels over Trump's Charlottesville response, Trump responded by abruptly announcing on Twitter that the jobs panels would be disbanded. This came only after he personally attacked the first CEO to quit his manufacturing council, and threatened that he could easily replace any other CEOs who quit the panels.
He also has lashed out at his critics in the Republican Party, aiming angry tweets at Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-SC) and Sen. Jeff Flake (R-AZ) on Thursday morning.
Trump's outburst and resulting press conference blaming both the “alt-right” and that he called the “alt-left” for the violence in Charlottesville has left his newly-minted chief of staff, retired Gen. John Kelly, “dismayed,” the Washington Post reported. Trump's Tuesday press conference and frustration with his aides' opinions on how he should respond to the Charlottesville attack has left him “further isolated,” according to the newspaper.
While the President defiantly stews in his own anger, his staff has become increasingly wary of remaining in the administration, though most have come to the conclusion that now is not the time to leave, according to the Washington Post and CNN.
Gary Cohn, the top economic advisor to Trump, who is Jewish, was very upset with Trump's comments on the attack, but he has not threatened to resign, the Post reported, citing unnamed people close to Cohn.
CNN reported that White House aides have been sorting through whether to leave Trump's administration, but that most had decided that leaving now would only hurt them.
UPDATE. The father of the two children mentioned in this article has now been confirmed to have worked for LuvForHaiti, which is owned by Josiah Bruny, a man that has been linked to Pizzagate. Read more here: https://voat.co/v/pizzagate/1435605
Short summary of the Hampstead case (facts only with a minimum of names, you don't have to read it all just now, I just wanted to make sure that it was all saved in one place for future reference):
While on vacation in Morocco in August/September 2014, two siblings aged 8 and 9 from Hampstead, London revealed to their mother and her new partner that they along with 18 other children had been sexually and physically abused by their father and their teachers at school and in church. They described their father as the local leader of an international cult dealing in child trafficking, ritual murder and the production of child abuse material.
According to the children a coven of satanic families exists in Hampstead, often several families on the same street. They have infiltrated schools, churches, child protection services and the police. At least 5 primary schools have been compromised. At the two children's own school 20 «special children» were taken out of class on Wednesdays to be kicked in the genitals and anally raped by teachers and others coming to school. The women raped the children with strap on dildos. The children who screamed the most were injected with sedatives and all children were bribed with sweets afterwards. Babies were sedated and flown in from foreign countries (Thailand, South Africa, USA, Hawai, Portugal, Spain, Gayana, China, India) and ritually sacrificed in a secret room in the school and the meat and blood was consumed. The meat was often mixed into the school dinners. Ritual sacrifices also took place on Saturdays at church and the cult members and children danced around in costumes made out of human skulls and slippers made out of human skin. The two children had been forced to hold the knife while ritually murdering a baby. They were also taken to parties were they were introduced to drugs by their father. Hard to believe, but this what the children were disclosing to their mother, her new partner and the police.
Most notably regarding #Pizzagate there was a link to a McDonald's restaurant, a Starbucks coffee shop and a Pizza Express. The children disclosed that employees at these three places were involved in child abuse and ritual sacrifice taking place inside these businesses.
When they got home from their vacation the mother and her partner reported this to the police, who then referred it to Scotland Yard. When the siblings were taken in to be interviewed the first time, they were happy to disclose their experiences and seemed to expect that these would be investigated.
The second time they were interviewed they were however taken into state custody on the grounds that the mother's new partner had tortured them to make the allegations. The mother's new partner however was never interviewed by the police!
After having spent nearly a full week in the company of strangers the children in their third police interview retract some but not all of their allegations. The father was interviewed about some of the allegations two days prior to this.
The interviews were transcribed by the investigative community and can still be read in their entirety here:
http://hampsteadtranscripts.blogspot.com/?view=sidebar
http://pastebin.com/Q0VnRb83
An expert on child abuse examined the children and found conclusive evidence that they had been sexually abused. Then all of a sudden the case was closed citing no crime had occurred.
The mother and her new partner fought on in the family courts to have the children returned to them. They sacked their first legal team.
A person on the mother's second legal team leaked the story on to the internet before fleeing the country after learning that an arrest warrant had been made out for her. https://web.archive.org/web/20150205013813/http://tapnewswire.com/2015/02/courts-want-crime-kept-quiet-while-the-innocent-are-punished
The mother narrowingly escaped out of a window and later out of the UK when a large group of police came asking for her.
The person who leaked the videos online then spearheaded a campaign that gathered 16000 signatures in support of the case before the campaign was deleted by the petition website Change.org because of a violation of a court order.
Peaceful demonstrations were held outside the church that were disrupted by two agent provocateurs that started shouting and harassing the church members before being arrested some weeks later.
The case got some exposure in the alternative media and the children, their mother and partner gathered a large following of supporters.
http://www.collective-evolution.com/2015/02/12/whistleblower-kids-expose-satanic-pedophile-ring-in-schoolchurch-they-need-our-help/ (removed, also from archive.org)
https://www.sott.net/article/292461-The-story-of-Alisa-and-Gabriel-Dearman-and-pedophilia-in-high-places
http://web.archive.org/web/20150616061207/http://anonhq.com/massive-cover-two-kids-expose-pedophile-ring-uk-church-need-help-now/
One of the supporters created a blog that released 27 investigative videos with further speculations about the case based on the social media accounts of the alleged cult members before it was removed by the blog service Wordpress for violation of terms and guidelines. http://www.hampsteadresearch.com
The videos are still online though: http://tinyurl.com/hampsteadccpsvideos
Another video investigator: https://vid.me/EpicAngel
The father of the children referred to them as «his» children in a Youtube comment under a false name.
http://ibin.co/2UiLic3qTG6D
This sock puppet account is one of many that are believed to have been set up solely to discredit the case and are believed to be one and the same person: the father. One supporter of the children made a blog about this:
https://dearmandoeshampstead.wordpress.com
The many trolls and sock puppets then set up a spoof blog of the investigative blog previously mentioned and for months and months, supporters and investigators were heavily trolled by the «people» surrounding the spoof blog.
A person using her full name stepped forward as an independent witness in a Youtube comment: http://ibin.co/2UiKlbURLRW4
A judge ordered that the mother and her partner had tortured the children to make the allegations and that everyone who thinks otherwise is "evil and/or foolish".
http://www.bailii.org/cgi-bin/markup.cgi?doc=/ew/cases/EWFC/HCJ/2015/26.html&query=ZC14C00315&method=boolean
The case was reported about in the mainstream media under these pretenses. The BBC airs a half hour long interview with the father who can be seen "crying" on camera.
http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-32357195 and full interview here
https://vid.me/vuMc/ricky-dearman-interview-by-bbc or on Youtube:
Nearly 90 percent of interstate highway miles in Illinois will have 70-mph speed limits starting Wednesday, state transportation officials announced Friday, but the sponsor of the law raising the limits is upset almost all existing posted speeds in the Chicago area will remain unchanged and he vowed to push for them to be higher.
Drivers on almost 1,900 of the state's nearly 2,170 miles of interstate will be able to travel at 70 mph instead of the existing speed limits, generally 65 along rural highways, after crews post the new speed limit signs — weather permitting — Jan. 2-17, according to the Illinois Department of Transportation.
But only about 30 percent of the Illinois Tollway's 286-mile network will get the higher speed limit, according to a map released by IDOT. And in the Chicago area, the 70-mph limit will be posted only on five fairly short stretches of interstate. Those are sections of I-80 and I-55 in Will County, a stretch of I-57 in far southern Cook County and all of Will County, a portion of the I-88 toll road in far western Kane County and part of the I-94 tollway in northern Lake County.
"It's unacceptable," said State. Sen. Jim Oberweis, R-Sugar Grove, who sponsored the bill that Gov. Pat Quinn signed into law in August. Oberweis said he was upset that IDOT, which had the authority to draw up the speed limit map, left unchanged the 55-mph speed limit across virtually all of the Chicago region. "They're putting law-abiding citizens into danger."
"It's quite clear" that 85 percent of vehicles are traveling at 70 mph or faster on almost all expressways, Oberweis said, and that the variation between the 55-mph legal limit and 70-mph higher speed is a significant factor in crashes. Oberweis, who is running for U.S. Senate, owns a family dairy company that runs trucks on the highways.
The IDOT map was released two weeks after a Chicago Tribune analysis showed the actual speed limit — the point at which most motorists are ticketed on interstates in the six-county Chicago region — is about 80 mph. Earlier Tribune research showed 9 of 10 cars on the tollway disregard and exceed the 55-mph speed limit. The average speed in those stretches was 66-70 mph, Tribune research found.
"It's just clear that they (IDOT) are disregarding the will of the people." Oberweis said, adding that the interstates are designed to handle vehicles traveling 70 mph and speed limits were set at that level before the federal government imposed a national 55-mph limit in 1974. That limit was scrapped in 1995, and states across the U.S. have been raising highway speed limits since then.
In a statement, IDOT said the new speeds will be placed on interstate stretches "where deemed reasonable and safe." Department spokesman Paris Ervin said the agency conducted traffic engineering studies of all locations with limits below the existing 65-mph maximum and "other locations deemed necessary."
IDOT considered the widely accepted 85th percentile — the speed at which 85 percent of the traffic is traveling at or below — and "additional considerations" on those stretches before reaching its recommendations, Ervin said.
"IDOT's top priority is the safety of those using our transportation system," she added. The department and Illinois Tollway will continue reviewing "any roadway speed limit as needed, including monitoring changing traffic behaviors and the completion of construction projects," the agency's statement reported.
Oberweis said he will try to bring his push for 70-mph Chicago-area speed limits to the legislature and may settle on a 65-mph limit.
"It's a safe, reasonable and consistent speed," Oberweis said of 70 mph.
Dawkins says evolution – 'the explanation for our existence' – should be a compulsory part of the primary school curriculum
Richard Dawkins calls for evolution to be taught to children from age five
Children in the UK should be taught the science of evolution by natural selection from the age of five, says Prof Richard Dawkins.
The Oxford biologist argues that evolution is so important to our understanding of the world that it should form part of the primary school curriculum. He is dismissive of the notion that evolution is a difficult concept for young children to grasp.
"Evolution is a truly satisfying and complete explanation of existence, and I suspect that this is something a child can appreciate from an early age," he writes in the Times.
"If we are going to be prescriptive about teaching history, comparative religion, maths and English – and I wouldn't wish to sweep those things away – I don't see why we shouldn't be prescriptive about teaching the explanation for our existence."
Although teaching evolution is not compulsory in primary schools, many already introduce some aspects in classes. The proposal to add evolution to the national curriculum – accepted by Labour in 2009 – was dropped last year by the coalition and is currently being reviewed by the Department for Education.
Dawkins expresses surprise that many parents still teach their children the Adam and Eve creation myth even though very few people believe it literally. "Perhaps they think it harmless like Father Christmas."
"But I would argue that the truth of evolution is more interesting and more poetic – even more fun – than this myth, or any of the hundreds of creation myths from around the world," he writes.
Evolution could be taught to young children in a way that would make it "easier to understand than a myth", he adds. "This is because myths leave the child's questions unanswered, or they raise more questions than they appear to answer."
Dawkins also considers the potential harm in teaching fantasy, even to very young children. "Magical transformations are anti-evolution. And anti-science. Complex things, such as horses, coaches and princes, cannot spring spontaneously into existence from nothing," Dawkins writes.
Apart from being a vigorous advocate for evolution and atheism, Dawkins is a celebrated author of books including The Selfish Gene and The God Delusion. His new book, The Magic of Reality, is a set of explanations for scientific concepts such as the composition of atoms, what causes rainbows and ideas about what aliens might look like.
• The Magic of Reality is published on 15 September by Bantam Press and is available from the Guardian Bookshop for £16 (RRP £20)
Black Man Offers ‘Free Hugs' to Charlotte Police Officers – Is Immediately Attacked by Race Mob (VIDEO)
Ken E. Nwadike Jr. went out to the protests on Wednesday night and offered ‘free hugs' to police officers in Charlotte.
He was immediately verbally assaulted by the black protesters.
The Blaze reported:
Amid all the violence, frustration and yelling, one man has descended into Charlotte to offer law enforcement officers something they probably aren't expecting: a hug. But when Ken E. Nwadike, Jr., a black man, began hugging two Charlotte police officers during the protests Wednesday night, infuriated demonstrators began verbally assaulting him for the kind gesture. One protester even called Nwadike a “p***y n****r.” “It's not even like that,” he responded, once he heard the demonstrators yelling expletives toward him. “It's about staying neutral — that's what's important.” But the protesters, raising their voices, continued berating Nwadike, who then asked them, pointing at the officer he just hugged, “Did he kill somebody?” The demonstrator offered no answer. Nwadike told the frustrated crowd that he understands their concerns, adding that he's “hurt” just like them, but warned against making sweeping generalizations about law enforcement officers, comparing it to when some people make assumptions about all black people.
About
Our video is viewable @ YouTube on our channel SimWorldRPG
This idea as of now is relying on physical video game owners to band together and complete quest that have been written and designed by me, the problem is coding is absolutely out of my realm, the website I'm building is being done on a beginner friendly platform. Wix.com
When this project is successful, I will hire a designer / coder and get the basics of the game started, ongoing funding will come from ad's on the site along with player contributions for upgrades etc. I will use the coder and designer for other advice such as servers and so on. Another place the project money will go.
I will continue to write the quests and the reward system along with the administration of the members. We will continue to support the concept we have now as well, where streamers and broadcasters, gamers who wish to contribute to the evolving online world ( SimWorld ) can do so seamlessly.
The RPG will be text based and available on MOBILE and most browsers.
Contributors with businesses can make deals regarding advertising and or sponsorship of the game idea @ simworldrpg@gmail.com
I believe between this project and its paid upgrades along with continuous support on social media and gaming related broadcast like twitch your contributions will not be in vein and i will return the favor here @ Kickstarter
If you didn't guess I am taking kind of a break. Don't worry I am A. not dead and B. still like the ponies. I guess what it comes down to is It's probably not that I am too busy but I have lost my drive to do the vector traces but am not talented enough to take it to the next level. Maybe it will come back someday and hopefully soon. In the meantime I will do my best to keep up with DA and as always what I've put up won't go away anytime soon. I will be at Bronycon this year and hope to see all my "fans" whether they know it or not. Please enjoy my existing work and hopefully more to come in the future.
This isn't goodbye, it's just seen you later...
Watching: Ponies, Ponies, Ponies....Swag
About
Charlie Bit Me, also known as "Charlie bit my finger", is a homemade movie of a playful interaction between two British brothers that ends with an adorable quote by the three-year-old Harry, who goes on to say "Charlie bit me. And that really hurt" after getting his finger bitten by his one-year-old toddler brother on camera. Upon entering online circulation in May 2007, the video quickly went viral spawned a large collection of remix and parody videos on YouTube.
Origin
On May 22nd, 2007, British IT sales consultant Howard Davies-Carr uploaded a homemade movie of his two boys playing around on a chair to his YouTube channel. Filmed on March 19th, 2007 and titled "Charlie bit my finger – again," the minute-long video shows Harry putting his finger into Charlie's mouth several times, and getting bitten each time, though not long before Harry yells out "ouch" and complains about it to his father behind camera.
While Howard originally intended to share the video with the boys' relatives living in the United States via email, he ultimately decided to share it in private on YouTube, because the file size was too big for email attachment. As the video made the rounds within his personal network, Davies-Carr switched the viewability of the video to public for the sake of convenience.
Spread
In the following months, the video remained largely undiscovered until early November, when a string of re-enactment parodies began surfacing on YouTube. On November 22nd, the video was featured on CollegeHumor] giving a major boost in mass exposure of the video.
Between November and December 2007, the video quickly reached the milestone of one million views. By early February 2008, the video had amassed 2.6 milion views on YouTube, which subsequently multiplied nearly five times to 12 millions in March. In December 2008, Howard's video was the twelfth most viewed video on YouTube with 65 million views. By April 2009, the video had garnered 92 million views, and the number had increased to more than 130 million views in November. As of May 22nd, 2017, the video has accrued over 849 million views on YouTube, making it the fourth most viewed video in non-music category.
Records
In October 2009, after racking up hundreds of million views between 2008 and 2009, the video officially became the most viewed video in YouTube history by surpassing the previous record-holding video, Evolution of Dance, a title which it held claim to for nearly two years until 2011, when a number of music videos by popular recording artists began entering circulation on the website. In addition, the video also took the distinction of being "most favorited" and the second "most discussed" video on YouTube in the United Kingdom.
Examples
The video has spawned many spoofs, typically with adults performing the roles of Harry and Charlie, as well as musical remixes featuring auto-tune and the Dear Sister soundtrack.
Parodies
Remixes
Authenticity
In the similar vein of many other record-breaking viral videos, "Charlie Bit My Finger" has come under accusations being staged by the father in the comments section of the video. In response, Howard Davies-Carr released a video in May 2009 in which he denied the allegations by saying:
"I don't think any number of words will convince the conspiracy theorists that the clip was totally natural…However I am working on 'Charlie Bit Me – again ! 'The prequel' which I think will have enough in it to put these questions to rest. Unfortunately I do not have the editing skills yet to finish the clip as I would like it."
Gerber Ad Deal
On July 19th, 2011, Gerber uploaded a video to their official YouTube channel with and edited version of the "Charlie Bit Me" video as an advertisement for their baby food products. The news of the advertisement deal was covered by Social Times in an article titled "Charlie Bit My Finger Sells Out; Now Promoting Gerber Finger Foods."
The campaign, ‘Why Charlie Bit My Finger by Gerber', is simply a copy of the original YouTube hit with pop-up video style captions that let parents in on how to know if their own baby is ready for finger foods.
Search Interest
External References
A $10-million mixed-use development may be coming to Grant Park. Curbed Atlanta has learned that developers are hoping to bring a five-story project — comprised of apartments, retail, a restaurant and office space — to the lot at 301 Memorial Drive, located between Harden and Hill streets. Documents we found say the project would include 94 apartments (smallish studios, ones and twos), as well as 3,500 square feet of retail and 2,500 square feet for a restaurant. Room would be left for a small amount of office space. Simon Tuohy of Urban Realty Partners tells Curbed that the site is currently under contract and that closing is anticipated by the end of next month. If all goes as planned (which happens, you know, never), construction could be ALL DONE by July '14.
The 301 Memorial project would be an addition to the (hopefully continued) growth of Grant Park's west end. In one of the former locations of iconic live-music dive bar Lenny's, it's only about two-tenths of a mile down from the neighborhood's chief restaurant locale (Tin Lizzy's, Six Feet Under, Republic Social House, etc.) and the next block over from this mystery lot we told you about last week. If the latter development — originally pitched as some type of grocery-restaurant-maybe residential project — comes to fruition as well, things could really get going in Grant Park.
— By Curbed Atlanta contributor Tyler Estep
Iraqi soldiers heading to Mosul on June 8, 2014. Photo by Haidar Hamdani/AFP/Getty Images
During the reconstruction of Iraq, the United States spent about $20.2 billion to train and equip Iraqi security forces, about a third of the total funds spent on reconstruction.Today, those same security forces lost control of Iraq's second-largest city, Mosul.
This might seem an unfair connection to make—the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, the militant group that carried out the assault on Mosul, is very large and well-equipped—but anecdotally, it seems as though Iraqi forces were overwhelmed and unprepared. After ISIS fighters overran the western bank city overnight, most of the Iraqi soldiers and police stationed there apparently fled (my emphasis):
Two army officers said security forces had received orders to leave Mosul after militants captured the Ghizlani army base and set more than 200 inmates free from a high-security prison.
A Reuters reporter saw policemen swapping their uniforms for plain clothes and discarding their weapons before fleeing the city. The bodies of soldiers and policemen, some of them mutilated, littered the streets.
“We can't beat them. We can't. They are well trained in street fighting and we're not. We need a whole army to drive them out of Mosul,” one officer said. “They're like ghosts: they appear to hit and disappear within seconds”.
Iraqi security forces still haven't ousted ISIS from Fallujah, which it captured at the beginning of this year, but Mosul is a much larger and more strategically important city.
After the fall of Fallujah, the U.S. agreed to speed up the shipment of military hardware to Iraq. But Iraq is already the third-largest recipient of U.S. military aid, and at a certain point it starts to seem like throwing good money after bad, especially with reports that ISIS fighters have been seen riding U.S.-supplied Humvees and carrying American guns captured from Iraqi security forces.
With his U.S.-trained security forces apparently not up to the job, Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki is now offering to supply weapons to citizens who agree to fight the militants.
Helsinki public playgrounds: 75 summers of free meals for children
The public playgrounds of Helsinki celebrate an anniversary on Helsinki Day, 12 June: they have been serving hot summer meals to children for 75 years! The playgrounds mark the day by serving their young customers clear rainbow trout soup with rye bread. They also offer diverse activities to celebrate the anniversary.
Playground meals in summer 2017
All open public playgrounds in Helsinki offer a lunch service until 4 August. Lunch is served at 12 noon on every weekday. Playground lunches are full daytime meals for children and young people when complemented with snacks and drinks brought from home. The lunches are free of charge to all playground customers under age 16.
Public playground meals are provided by Service Centre Helsinki.
Read more
Public playground summer lunch menus, in Finnish: www.hel.fi/ruokalistat (select “Leikkipuistojen kesälista”)
Lunch menus for the whole summer season 5 June–4 August, in Finnish
Sen. Rand Paul has secured a vote on his amendment to the Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act. This amendment, the Economic Freedom Zones Act of 2015, would drastically alter the way the United States fights the War on Poverty.
The Economic Freedom Zones Act would establish “free market enterprise zones” with lower taxes ” in order to help facilitate the creation of new jobs, entrepreneurial opportunities, enhance and renew educational opportunities and increase community involvement in bankrupt or economically distressed areas.” The zones would apply to any zip code with unemployment one and a half times greater the national average of 5.5 percent.
“Economic Freedom Zones would be the largest anti-poverty initiative since the War on Poverty. There are many communities in our country, and throughout Kentucky, still waiting and praying for economic recovery and opportunity,” said Sen. Paul in a press release.
The legislation would provide for a series of tax cuts, such as reducing the corporate and individual income tax to 5% and lowering payroll taxes by 2%. It would also ease regulation, such as suspending the Davis-Bacon wage requirements and streamlining the National Environmental Policy Act. The amendment would also give a $5,000 per child educational tax credit to parents.
Sen. Paul said further:
“The Economic Freedom Zones Act will allow impoverished areas to remove the shackles of big government by reducing taxes, regulations, and burdensome work requirements. By taking drastic, meaningful action, my legislation will create new jobs, get these communities back to work, and give Americans in these areas the chance to succeed. I am proud to have secured a vote on my proposal this week.”
The Act was originally introduced in March 2015 but died in committee.
Jeremy Hinton Training for the Little Rock Marathon
By Jason Brown
Jeremy Hinton grew up in the Arkansas Delta. He attended Arkansas State University as an undergraduate before moving on to UAMS to attend medical school. Jeremy Hinton is a doctor — a doctor of the brain. As fate may have it, he's a psychiatrist at the VA Medical Center in North Little Rock. Working with the human brain is his business. One Sunday afternoon in April of 2014, the business got personal.
That Sunday wasn't any different than most. He had brunch with his wife, Charlee. Later in the afternoon, Jeremy took to the couch to play video games and send Sunday off like he had so many times. However, this Sunday turned out to be anything but normal. The first few hesitations of his left hand were an indication, so he stood up and headed to the bedroom to get dressed. You know… just in case. As he picked up the khaki slacks still laying out from the morning's adventures, he noticed it… a change… a problem. His left hand wouldn't release the pants. He called Charlee into the bedroom and asked her to take him to the emergency room. He's a physician, so he knew his brain would never, willfully, act this way.
Jeremy and Charlee hopped in the car and rushed to Baptist. He had a seizure as he entered the emergency room for triage. From there, Jeremy's story turns into a whirlwind of tests, X-rays, CT scans, monitors, medication and IVs. Doctors weren't sure why the tumor was on his brain. Was it cancer? That was to be addressed later. Now was time for surgery — a surgery that was non-negotiable. The rest of the week would be devoted to figuring out why he was there, how the tumor developed and what could have caused it to show up. For the moment, though, it was time to focus on saving his life. The tumor had to be removed and the swelling of his brain had to be stopped. Surgery was the only answer.
The week wasn't over before Jeremy and his family began to get some answers. After many tests and discussions, even some where Jeremy interjected his own professional opinion, the doctors diagnosed him with a grade IV astrocytoma, also known as Glioblastoma Multiforme (GBM), an aggressive primary brain cancer that is almost universally fatal. The Hinton finally had a disappointing answer to so many hard questions.
Treatment for GBM isn't simple because even after killing the cancer cells completely, the tumor is likely to return. Established treatments are not good enough to prevent recurrence, and most patients with GBM require multiple surgeries and different kinds of treatment. Removing the initial tumor was only the first step in this lifelong battle. Following recovery from two difficult and painful brain surgeries, Jeremy began radiation and chemotherapy. I can tell you, he took it like a champ. He still does. Jeremy Hinton IS A FIGHTER.
Like every fighter, Jeremy began looking for the motivation to take into battle with him. An avid Game of Thrones fan, it didn't take long for Jeremy to adopt his new phrase. Have you seen that episode, the one where Syrio Forel is teaching Arya Stark to sword fight? At one point, he looks at her and says “There is only one God, and his name is Death; and what do we say to Death? Not Today.” Jeremy's answer to death is simple — Not Today. Jeremy completely owns his tagline and so do about 15 of his friends and family. The group has sworn their support in ink, each choosing their own permanent fonts and styles, but most importantly, the same words – Not Today.
During recovery and treatment, Jeremy's wife, Charlee, began looking for ways to support other folks with GBM. That's when she found Voices Against Brain Cancer (VABC), an organization dedicated to research, education and support for those who have experienced brain cancer. Charlee's research lead her to VABC's annual participation in the New York City Marathon. Charlee, a runner herself, knew that this would be a perfect way to raise awareness and funds for the GBM community on a local level. Enter the next chapter in this family's amazing saga.
Charlee, a Little Rock school teacher, founded her own Little Rock Marathon team. Their name? Team #NotToday, of course. She started a GoFundMe campaign back in November with a meager fundraising goal of $1,000. Now, a week from the marathon, the team has grown to more than 50 runners and has raised $7,500. That's not the best part; Jeremy is running with Team #NotToday next Sunday.
See, Jeremy is a busy guy. He runs a local board game group, teaches law school courses, and he's a cyclist. For several years he's lead a local nonprofit organization that – get this – raises funds to fight cancer. Giving is who he is, and whether they know it or not, VABC just gained a force that's undeniable.
So, when the Little Rock Marathon rolls around next weekend, Jeremy will lace up his running shoes and stretch for the race of his life. Jeremy will put his mission in motion. We will cheer him on. We will hold signs. We will wait for him at the finish line. We will support him. But more than anything we could do for him, Jeremy will inspire us. He won't take “no” for an answer. He's at war with GBM, and we'll be with him for the entire fight.
Please consider supporting Jeremy's mission and Team #NotToday by giving what you can. I promise you're fueling a warrior who will not stop until he beats the disease that chose the wrong foe.
* * *
Jason Brown is public relations and digital media specialist at the Communications Group in Little Rock. Here is where you can find Jason on Twitter.
Update 04/24/15: First official photo of Jared Leto as The Joker in ‘Suicide Squad'
Advertisement
Wow… Jared Leto just accidentally gave the world the first look at The Joker from Suicide Squad!
Leto was photographed on Saturday, April 18th in Toronto, Canada showing a friend a picture on his phone of what he looks like as The Joker in Suicide Squad. A low-resolution version of the image made its way around Tumblr last night, but Batman News contacted Pacific Coast News and purchased it in high-res to give fans an even better look.
Leto isn't wearing the Joker's classic purple suit, instead he can be seen wearing a white suit — complete with white gloves. That's not unlike how the Joker looked in Frank Miller's “The Dark Knight Returns”, the book that has heavily influenced Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice.
What do you think of Jared Leto's Joker look in Suicide Squad? Sounds off in the comments below!
FIFA 17 has come under fire from Russian MPs for its support of an LGBT sports campaign, with requests made that the state communications oversight agency take action against the game.
As reported by Izvestia newspaper, Communist MPs contacted the communications oversight and state consumer protection agencies, stating that FIFA 17 "invites users to support the English football premier league's Rainbow Laces action, a massive campaign in support of LGBT." They claim that is contravenes Russian laws prohibiting "gay propoganda".
The controversy centres around EA Sports distribution of free rainbow-coloured uniforms within FIFA 17's Ultimate Team mode in support of the Rainbow Laces campaign by LGBT rights organisation Stonewall. The campaign encourages the donning of rainbow laces in sport, and to aims to raise awareness of homophobia and transphobia in the sporting world.
Open tolerance or promotion of "non-traditional sexual relations" is prohibited by Russian law, and the letter from MPs suggests that FIFA 17 could pose "harm to children's health and development".
FIFA 17 is developed by EA Canada. Communist MP Valery Rashkin told Izvestia that after the appropriate procedures had been followed, the developer should be instructed to"introduce changes to the programming code or the age classification of this information product, and if it refuses, adopt corresponding restrictive measures".
For five consecutive years, EA has been awarded a 100 per cent rating in the Human Rights Campaign's LGBT equality report. Many of the publisher's games also now feature characters that identify as lesbian, gay, or bisexual.
The publisher has yet to respond to the reports from Russia.
via the Guardian
TALLAHASSEE — Gov. Rick Scott's low standing with voters persists in a new Tampa Bay Times/Miami Herald/Bay News 9 poll, and he should be more concerned about a possible 2014 rematch against Democrat Alex Sink than a challenge from a remade Charlie Crist.
Scott still can't gain ground with his constituents even after a recent Republican Party TV ad blitz that emphasized his focus on improving schools.
An even 50 percent of voters in the poll disapprove of Scott's job performance, with 38 percent approving and 12 percent not sure. That's a slight change from a July Times/Herald/Bay News 9 poll in which 51 percent disapproved of Scott's job performance, 40 percent approved and 9 percent had no opinion.
The telephone survey of 800 registered voters, all likely to vote in November, was conducted Sept. 17-19 for the Times, Herald, El Nuevo Herald, Bay News 9 and Central Florida News 13.
The poll was conducted by Mason-Dixon, a nonpartisan, Jacksonville-based company, and included respondents using land-line and cell phones. The poll's margin of error is plus or minus 3.5 percentage points.
The poll had ominous news for Crist, the Republican-turned-independent ex-governor who recently endorsed President Barack Obama's re-election. He retains sky-high name recognition of 96 percent but has lost much of his popularity, with voters now evenly divided on whether they like him.
Thelma Miranda of Palm City, a Republican and retired nursery owner, said she voted for Scott two years ago but would consider an alternative in 2014, especially a woman like Sink.
Miranda said she could not recall anything Crist did in four years as governor other than his marriage nearly midway through his term.
"I can't remember," she said. "He was a single fellow, and he got married. He's kind of wishy-washy. Maybe we do need a woman in there."
The poll also revealed that Crist's highly publicized endorsement of the president, including a prime-time speech at the Democratic National Convention, has done nothing to help the president politically in Florida.
Only 8 percent of voters say they are more likely to vote for Obama because Crist endorsed him, and they already supported Obama. Another 13 percent say they are less likely to vote for the president because of Crist's action, and the remaining 79 percent say it doesn't matter.
In a hypothetical match-up for governor in 2014, Sink would beat Scott, 47 percent to 39 percent, with the rest undecided. Crist has a two-point edge over Scott in a similar match-up, 44 percent to 42 percent, but that's within the poll's margin of error.
"Alex Sink is much stronger against Scott in a rematch than Crist," pollster Brad Coker said. "(Scott's) dream race would be against Charlie Crist."
Sink is more popular than Crist, with a better than 2-to-1 favorability rating, but only 81 percent of voters recognized her name. When Sink narrowly lost to Scott in 2010, 98 percent of voters recognized her name.
A retired bank executive from suburban Tampa, Sink lost to Scott in 2010 by 1.2 percentage points, or about 60,000 votes out of more than 4 million casts. She is considering running again in 2014.
If Sink were to challenge Scott a second time, she would need to raise and spend millions of dollars just to reintroduce herself to a very forgetful Florida electorate.
Scott's incumbency makes him a formidable candidate in 2014, despite his sagging popularity.
But he needs more supporters such as Joan Morton, 85, a retired nurse in Ponte Vedra Beach near Jacksonville, and a Republican.
"He's doing everything he said he would do," Morton said. "I applaud him for that. He didn't go along with Obamacare. He said he wouldn't, and he didn't."
Andrew Ianniello, a retired IBM employee in Punta Gorda, said Scott is too extreme.
"Scott wants to privatize prisons and everything else, and a lot of people have lost their jobs because of that," said Ianniello, who moved south from Poughkeepsie, N.Y., to escape the harsh winters. "There's been too much privatization going on."
Ianniello, 76, a self-described Ronald Reagan Democrat, said Scott favors the rich over the middle class.
He said he prefers Crist's moderate brand of politics and did not know anything about Sink — not even her gender.
"I don't see his name in the paper that much," Ianniello said. "What has he done?"
Times/Herald staff writer Michael Van Sickler contributed to this report. Steve Bousquet can be reached at [email protected] or (850) 224-7263.
ETA 11/26/2014: As previously reported, the figure is officially up for preorder starting today. Sculpted by Kataharaitashi in cooperation with Nendoron, Nendoroid Elsa is scheduled for release in May 2015 with a price of ¥3889. Official photos have been added at the end of this post.
Originally published on November 21st, 2014.
After some interesting photos, both official and exhibition pictures, Good Smile Company released today an official preview for their Nendoroid of Elsa from Frozen. Disney's Arendelle Royal Family's eldest daughter Elsa comes with the funny enchanted snowman Olaf and with three expressions, including a smiling face, a smirking expression and a singing one.
Her elegant, light blue dress has been sculpted to perfectly resemble the one from the movie, with the top part and the cape covered with shiny glitters. Elsa's cape is decorated with a lovely snowflake pattern, and Olaf also comes with articulated neck and arms, so to have the ability to recreate funny scenes with enchanted snowman as well. Included with the Nendoroid figure there also is a special base based on Elsa's ice castle.
With release date set for May 2015 and a price of about ¥3889 , Frozen Elsa Nendoroid by Good Smile Company is sculpted by Katahara Itashi and will be up for pre-order starting from November 26th, 2014.
▲advertisement
New official photos (updated 11/26/2014).
Like this: Like Loading...
There will be a heavy Alabama influence in Chicago for this year's NFL draft.
Three members of the national champion Crimson Tide accepted invitations to attend the first round April 28 in the Chicago Theatre. Linebacker Reggie Ragland, and defensive linemen A'Shawn Robinson and Jarran Reed were among the 25 players who'll be on hand for the primetime event.
Nick Saban is also on the list of 12 college coaches who'll attend the event. Dabo Swinney, Urban Meyer and Hugh Freeze were among the list of coaches who accepted invitations.
Ohio State will have five players attending the draft.
Last year, Landon Collins was Alabama's only representative at the draft's first year in Chicago. Back in 2011, four Alabama products were at Radio City Music Hall for the first round in New York.
Players who attend are generally expected to be first-round picks. A few drop to the second round like Collins last year and Courtney Upshaw in 2011.
It's extremely common to get a phone call from a number you don't recognize nowadays, even with the built-in caller ID functionality and advanced dialer apps we've been seeing more and more of over the past few years. Google included a certain smart caller ID feature into the dialer app in Android 4.4 KitKat with the Nexus 5, and we even recently saw Facebook launch a dialer app of its own not too long ago. These two dialers are nice, but what if you don't want to use Facebook's or Google's services? The folks over at Cyanogen have just announced a partnership with Truecaller which will eventually bring web-enabled caller ID functionality into smartphones running Cyanogen OS.
Truecaller integration will make its way to devices via an OS update over the next few months, and will actually be part of the Cyanogen OS dialer. You'll be able to opt in or out of the new feature once you start up your device. If you choose to opt in, Truecaller will supposedly be able to look up the number that's calling you, even if that number isn't saved in your contacts, in less than a second. In addition, Truecaller will let you know how many people have marked a certain phone number as spam, so you can decide whether to pick up the call or not.
If you're phoned is running Cyanogen OS, be on the lookout for a software update in the next few months. Cyanogen says that Truecaller integration will also come pre-loaded on future Cyanogen OS devices.
[press]Truecaller Enters Global Partnership with Cyanogen to Improve the Communications Experience on Android
New Caller ID and Spam Blocking Features Will Be Seamlessly Integrated
into the Dialer for Cyanogen OS Mobile Users
Stockholm – May 7, 2015 — Truecaller today announce an agreement with Cyanogen Inc. that aims to enhance the static dialer experience on Android devices. Truecaller will be seamlessly integrated into the native phone app on the Cyanogen operating system, making Truecaller's spam blocking and caller ID features available on future mobile devices that ship with Cyanogen OS, and will also be made available to existing users via over-the-air update.
Cyanogen is a leading mobile operating system company that is evolving the Android platform by creating a more open, level playing field for third-party developed apps and services. Cyanogen OS is the company's commercial operating system, built on Android. Truecaller is a global search company that is home to more than 100 million global users who use the service everyday to report and block spam, identify calls, and search for contacts among a database of more than 1.6 billion contact numbers. Similar to the way that the main Truecaller app and dial pad replacement app Truedialer are used, the new dialer experience coming to Cyanogen OS represents a big improvement over stock Android. Together, the companies bring an improved dialer experience to Cyanogen users with the ability to detect known spammers and identify unknown callers in both live calls and your call history.
“Together with Cyanogen, we're helping OEMs deliver the best possible experience to their users,” said Tom Hsieh, VP of Partnerships and Growth at Truecaller. “This is another in a series of strategic partnerships we've forged that radically advances the current mobile phonebook experience and upgrades what native dial pad apps can offer.”
“Truecaller shares our vision of enabling an open platform that gives users ultimate choice in their core app experiences,” said Dave Herman, VP of Product Development at Cyanogen Inc. “The new integrated dialer experience is a seamless, frictionless way for users to screen calls and block unwanted spam without ever leaving the native dialer.”
On upcoming device launches that ship with Cyanogen OS, Truecaller services will be fully integrated into the dialer. Over-the-air update to existing users will be made available in the coming months.
For consumers who want a better communications experience on other mobile platforms outside of Cyanogen OS, Truecaller is also available as a free, standalone app for Google Play, the Apple App Store, BlackBerry, Nokia, and Windows Phone. Additionally, the free dial pad replacement app, Truedialer is available on Android and Windows Phone.
About Truecaller
Truecaller is a leading search technology company that is transforming the phonebook with a set of intelligent and useful services. Headquartered in Stockholm, Sweden, Truecaller was founded in 2009 by Alan Mamedi and Nami Zarringhalam, and is available on all Internet-enabled devices and on the web. Investors include Sequoia Capital, Atomico and Kleiner Perkins Caufield Byers. For more information visit www.truecaller.com.
About Cyanogen Inc.
Cyanogen is reimagining mobile computing, giving power to the people to customize their mobile device and content experiences. The CYANOGEN® operating system is built on Android and known for its revolutionary personalization features, intuitive interface, speed, improved battery life, and enhanced security. With a rapidly growing global user base and a vibrant community of developers, we're intelligently connecting smartphone and tablet consumers to people, apps, and things they love. For more information, visit Cyanogen's website, Google+, Twitter, and Facebook.[/press]
CORAL GABLES, Fla. – University of Miami head women's basketball coach Katie Meier announced Tuesday the signing of Beatrice Mompremier, a transfer from Baylor.
A 6-foot-4-inch forward from Miami, Mompremier made both the 2015 McDonald's All-American Game and Jordan Brand Classic. A unanimous Big 12 All-Freshman Team pick in 2015-16, Mompremier has two seasons of eligibility remaining following a pair of standout seasons for the Lady Bears.
“We are thrilled to welcome Beatrice back home to Miami. She is such an accomplished player who has already achieved so much,” Meier said. “She was very productive in her time at Baylor and, although we have to wait a year, her experience will really help elevate our program to even greater heights.”
Mompremier played in 70 games and logged 36 starts in her two seasons at Baylor. She averaged 7.7 points, 6.3 rebounds and 1.5 blocks per game, while shooting 54.2 percent from the field.
The Miami native helped the Lady Bears compile a 69-6 mark the past two years, including a 34-2 record in Big 12 play, a pair of Big 12 regular season titles, one Big 12 Tournament championship and two Elite Eight berths.
Over the first two years of her collegiate career, Mompremier recorded 10-plus points 22 times and 10-plus rebounds 13 times, leading to 10 double-doubles.
As a freshman, Mompremier led the Lady Bears in both rebounding and blocked shots, garnered a pair of Big 12 Freshman of the Week accolades and won the team's Academic Award. She scored a career-high 22 points against Texas Southern in the first round of the 2017 NCAA Tournament.
“Beatrice's length and athleticism combined with her size make her an extremely special player,” Meier said. “She changes the game on both ends of the floor. I love the passion and intensity she plays with.”
As a senior at Miami Senior High School, Mompremier averaged 25.2 points, 15.2 rebounds, 5.0 blocks, 3.5 steals and 2.6 assists per game to lead the Stingarees to a 29-3 record and their second straight 8A state title.
A two-time Gatorade State Player of the Year and three-time first team all-state pick, Mompremier earned the 2015 Miss Florida Basketball distinction. A Miami Herald 6A-8A Girls' Athlete of the Year honoree, Mompremier helped lead the USA U18 National Team to a FIBA Americas Championship gold medal in 2014.
ProspectsNation.com ranked Mompremier as a four-star recruit and the No. 11 player in the country, as well as the top prospect in Florida and the third-best post player. In addition, espnW HoopGurlz tabbed her with five-star status, listing her No. 20 overall, including second among Floridians and third among post players.
Mompremier, who will sit out the 2017-18 campaign in accordance with NCAA transfer rules, will be one of six newcomers on the Miami roster next season. The Hurricanes are also set to welcome a quintet of four-star high school recruits.
To keep up with the University of Miami women's basketball team on social media, follow @CanesWBB on Twitter, Instagram and Facebook.
Taking the plunge and entering the crypto space can be daunting. There is no centralized authority to hold your hand, and the rumors and stories circulating around digital currencies can be fear-inducing.
Thankfully, the cryptocurrency community tends to be very helpful and is in no shortage of good advice. In this article recently published on Forbes, the author sums up the most important things to keep in mind in just 5 concise points.
With these few straightforward tips, negotiating that first Bitcoin transaction or trade can be a lot less stressful.
1. Do your homework
There is plenty of hype, rumor, success stories and tales of horror when it comes to Bitcoin and other digital currencies. Make sure you understand exactly what you're getting into, and don't risk more money than you could afford to lose.
Bitcoin is an exciting world to be in, but it is one that is complex and confusing if you only enter it on hype. Many people buy expensive cars, not knowing how the engine works, and that is fine because if it breaks there are mechanics and garages. In the cryptocurrency world, it is you against the world, it is decentralized and there is no one to hold your hand.
Pawel Kuskowski, CEO & co-founder of Coinfirm, gave this advice:
"The more you understand, the better off will be."
Don't simply speculate about the big money there is to be made, actually go out there and learn how Bitcoin and Blockchain work. Lucas Geiger, founder and CEO of Wireline, says:
"This may seem obvious, but I think the first thing is taken time to understand the Blockchain. I say this strongly because few people will do this. If you don't have a high-level understanding of how a Blockchain stores secure data (such as coins), then you are investing in the equivalent of tulip bulbs.”
A good place to start is the beginning - with Satoshi Nakamoto's white paper. Crypto fund manager Jacob Eliosoff wrote:
"If you have any technical bent whatsoever, take 10 minutes to leaf through the original 2008 Satoshi white paper. It's only eight pages, legible and an inspiring work of genius!"
The great thing about the cryptocurrency ecosystem though is that there is a lot of material and information out there. Loads of websites and resources are aiming at trying to make the technology easier to understand.
Even more than that, the investment world is also trying to simplify things by making Bitcoin more available to traditional investors. The introduction of things like futures will help people understand how Bitcoin works.
2. Be cautious
In any investment there will be risk, but that risk is somewhat magnified by Bitcoin's newness and extreme volatility. Eliosoff emphasized:
"This is still an extremely high-risk space. Don't invest money you can't afford to lose!"
It is tempting to be bold and brazen, throwing money at Bitcoin after hearing the success stories, but especially as a first timer, caution is the better part of valor. There is no reason to look to become a millionaire overnight with Bitcoin, and by sinking huge amounts of capital in it from the start, you will be met with more problems than solutions.
Marshall Swatt, a serial entrepreneur, suggested:
"Start small and invest a small portion of your capital."
Additionally, from Tim Enneking, managing director of Crypto Asset Management, advises:
"Don't chase Bitcoin prices. Decide on a entry point and stick with it. With Bitcoin, you're almost always right in terms of foreseeable price action – it's your timing that might be off. So, be patient, and let the Bitcoin price come to you."
There are a number of investing strategies that work really well with Bitcoin, and those that offer the most success are often the most cautious.
Things like ‘Dollar Cost Averaging' - putting in the same amount of money into an investment at the same time each week or month - is great for Bitcoin as it helps you ride out the lows, as well as the highs.
3. Diversify effectively
Most new digital currency enthusiasts hear first about Bitcoin, but there are thousands of other cryptocurrencies out there, and some have grown much faster than even Bitcoin. Diversification is wise, particularly since many of these “altcoins” perform well when Bitcoin drops. Tech entrepreneur Oliver Isaacs writes:
"Hedge against volatility and don't put all of your eggs in one basket. Much like investing in the stock market or FX, you should diversify your funds as a risk management technique."
Famed stock picker Ronnie Moas is a strong believer in diversification. It is easy to become infatuated with one cryptocurrency, especially Bitcoin, but it is important to hedge your bets.
“Do not put all your Crypto money into Bitcoin,” Moas warns. “You must diversify across at least a dozen of the more than 1,000 names. Focus on names in the top 50.”
4. Keep coins off the exchanges
There is still a lot of hacking and thievery that goes on in the crypto space, and it is important to take precautions. It isn't too hard to make hackers' lives difficult. Use the exchanges for just that: exchanging. Once you have bought a currency, move the money off the exchange and into a wallet that only you control, such as a hardware wallet.
A lot of people have been burned on exchange hacks - none more so than the major Mt. Gox one - but even recently, things like BTC-e and the charges against their CEO would have caused many people to lose out on huge amounts of money.
Matthew Unger, founder and CEO of iComply Investor Services Inc. suggested:
"Just like you keep some cash in your wallet, some in your bank account and perhaps the really valuable stuff in a safe, you need to manage digital currencies in the same way."
5. Get ready for a wild ride
Bitcoin is notorious for its volatility, so much so that many traditional investors are terrified of it. A massive drop in Bitcoin's price does not spell permanent disaster, but it is hard to stay committed when you start heading into the red.
Diversification is a great strategy to help with that, but it takes some thought and effort. Of course, the most famous (and so far, successful) Bitcoin strategy of all is to ‘hodl' - or hold onto - your investment no matter the market volatility.
You can also buy and forget, as not keeping an eye on the market can help keep you from worrying about the dips and miss the volatility.
MOBILE, Alabama -- Earlier this week, South Alabama head coach Joey Jones said if his team received a bowl invitation it would represent the biggest moment in the program's six-season history.
At 1 p.m. today, the school will officially announce it has accepted a bowl berth int he first Raycom Media Camellia Bowl to be played Sat., Dec. 20 at 8:15 p.m. at Cramton Bowl. The press conference will take place at the John Counts Room of the Mitchell Center on campus and the public is invited to attend.
And according to Jones, it is at that time the Jaguars' program will have it's biggest moment to date. That seems right. So we'll put that at the top of the list of this list of the five biggest moments in South Alabama's football history:
1. First Bowl Invitation: In its sixth season playing football, its second year in which it was eligible to win the Sun Belt Conference championship and receive a bowl berth, the Jags were invited to play in the first Camellia Bowl in Montgomery. USA finished the year with a 6-6 record for the second straight season, the second year it was bowl eligible.
2. Board of Trustees approves football: The question seemed to pop up every day for a long period of time: "When will South Alabama start a football program?'' The school had enjoyed success in other sports and dabbled at times with the idea of adding football. The answer to the question came on Dec. 6, 2007 when the university's board of trustees, with the approval and support of then-president Gordon Moulton, unanimously approved starting a football (and marching band) program.
3. Mississippi State plays in Mobile: While the game didn't turn out as the jags would have liked -- the Bulldogs won the game 35-3 -- having SEC member Mississippi State play USA in Mobile in the Jags' home opener of the 2014 season is the biggest game in the program's history thus far. The sellout crowd was the first in the program's history and the atmosphere on game day and in the days leading up to the game was impressive.
4. South Alabama's first game (and win): This was the sign - the moment that truly announced football was beginning at South Alabama - that marked the Jaguars' entrance into college football. The first game was played on Sept. 5, 2009 against Hargrave Military Academy, with the Jags winning 30-13 before a crowd of more than 30,000 fans at Ladd-Peebles Stadium. It would be the first game in a first season that found the Jags posting a 7-0 record, a winning streak that would stretch to 19 straight in into the Jags' third season.
5. First game against a FBS opponent at N.C. State: The Jags' streak of 19 straight victories came to an end on Sept. 17, 2011. But it did so on another historical note for the young program - in the team's first game against a Football Bowl Subdivision opponent. After going 7-0 the first year, 10-0 in 2010 and winning its first two games of 2011, the Jags lost 35-13 at North Carolina State. But the game marked the team's arrival on the FBS stage and provided a first glance at what was ahead for the program.
6. Win over UC-Davis in second season: After an inaugural season that found South Alabama playing mostly junior college or prep school teams, the second season of 2010 found the Jags playing only four-year schools. The schedule included Nicholls State, Lamar and another newcomer to football, Georgia State. But it was the Jags' win at UC-Davis - a 24-21 victory on Oct. 23 against a team that had won its Football Championship Subdivision conference title the previous year - that stands out from that 10-0 season.
This story was updat4ed at 11:50 to include a change to the list.
The establishment press's general refusal to cover clearly newsworthy developments in the Obama administration scandal involving the targeting of conservative, tea party, prolife and other groups by the Internal Revenue Service has been so negligent and blatant that several leading conservatives, including the MRC's Brent Bozell and talk-radio host Rush Limbaugh, called it out in an open letter earlier this week.
Consistent with the rest of their colleagues, the Associated Press, aka the Administration's Press, appears to have had no substantive story on the scandal since July 18 -- and that one was about primarily Democrats beating the false meme that progressive groups were supposedly targeted similarly. The AP's negligence extends to the tax agency's shocking level of non-cooperation with House Ways & Means Committee investigators, as will be seen after the jump.
Yesterday, committee Chairman Dave Camp issued a press release, coming within inches of directly accusing the agency of obstruction of justice (HT Rare via TaxProf):
A Google News search at 4:30 p.m. on Camp's full name in quotes reveals that only the Hill has any coverage of the IRS's failure to comply with document requests -- and that report by Bernie Becker is quite sugar-coated:
Camp, Levin press IRS for more documents Top tax writers in the House are pressing the IRS over what they're calling the slow delivery of documents on the current targeting controversy. Ways and Means Chairman Dave Camp (R-Mich.) and the panel's top Democrat, Rep. Sandy Levin, noted in a Wednesday letter that the committee had received about 13,000 pages of documents for its investigation, more than two months after its first request. The IRS had said back in June that it had collected some 65 million pages worth of documents, leading Camp and Levin to ask Wednesday what the agency was doing to expedite the committee's request. “We are concerned that, at this rate, the full production will take months,” Camp and Levin wrote to Danny Werfel, the interim IRS leader.
Becker acts as if there's some legitimate debate as to whether 13,000 documents of 65 million supplied in two months is "slow." At that rate, it will take 416 years for the IRS to turn everything over.
If the George W. Bush administration had exhibited similar lack of speed during the Joe Wilson-Scooter Libby non-scandal I prefer to call Nadagate, you can be assured that the establishment press would have been all over it. But now, it's crickets, and as Bozell, Limbaugh and others asserted in their letter, it's disgraceful.
Cross-posted at BizzyBlog.com.
James Martin/CNET
It's official. The Internet will now be regulated as a public utility.
After months of anticipation and weeks of frenzied last-minute lobbying on both sides of the political aisle, the Federal Communications Commission has adopted Net neutrality regulations based on a new definition of broadband that will let the government regulate Internet infrastructure as it could the old telephone network.
At the FCC's monthly meeting Thursday the agency reinstated open Internet rules in a 3-2 vote split along party lines. The new rules replace regulations that had been thrown out by a federal court last year.
The new rules prohibit broadband providers from blocking or slowing down traffic on wired and wireless networks. They also ban Internet service providers from offering paid priority services that could allow them to charge content companies, such as Netflix, fees to access Internet "fast lanes" to reach customers more quickly when networks are congested.
The crux of the new rules is the FCC's reclassification of broadband as a Title II telecommunications service under the 1934 Communications Act. Applying the Title II moniker to broadband has the potential to radically change how the Internet is governed, giving the FCC unprecedented authority. The provision originally gave the agency the power to set rates and enforce the "common carrier" principle, or the idea that every customer gets equal access to the network. Now this idea will be applied to broadband networks to prevent Internet service providers from favoring one bit of data over another.
FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler said the controversial move to reclassify broadband is necessary to ensure that the rules will stand up to future court challenges. The FCC has lost two previous legal challenges when defending its Net neutrality rules.
But the FCC's move to apply Title II to broadband has been viewed by cable operators, wireless providers and phone companies as a "nuclear option," with potentially devastating fallout from unintended consequences.
These companies argue that applying outdated regulation to the broadband industry will stifle innovation by hurting investment opportunities in networks. It could also allow the government to impose new taxes and tariffs, which would increase consumer bills. And they say it could even allow the government to force network operators to share their infrastructure with competitors.
Wheeler has said these fears are overblown. The agency is ignoring aspects of the Title II regulation that would apply most of the onerous requirements.
He said critics have painted his proposal as "a secret plan to regulate the Internet."
His response to that? "Nonsense. This is no more a plan to regulate the Internet than the First Amendment is a plan to regulate free speech. They both stand for the same concept: openness." Reactions to the passage of the FCC's new rules and the reclassification of broadband came quick from the industry. Michael Powell, a former FCC chairman and head of the cable industry's lobbying organization, said the FCC has gone too far in its intent to secure an open Internet for all consumers and entrepreneurs by reclassifying broadband.
"The FCC has taken the overwhelming support for an open Internet and pried open the door to heavy-handed government regulation in a space celebrated for its free enterprise," he said in a statement. "The Commission has breathed new life into the decayed telephone regulatory model and applied it to the most dynamic, free-wheeling and innovative platform in history."
AT&T's top legislative executive, Jim Cicconi, echoed these sentiments in a blog post.
"At AT&T, we've supported open Internet principles since they were first enunciated, and we continue to abide by them strictly, and voluntarily, even today," he said. "What doesn't make sense, and has never made sense, is to take a regulatory framework developed for Ma Bell in the 1930s and make her great grandchildren, with technologies and options undreamed of 80 years ago, live under it."
Now playing: Watch this: What the FCC Net neutrality rules will mean for Internet...
Political lines drawn
Thursday's FCC vote was split along party lines with the three Democrats -- led by Wheeler, who was appointed by President Barack Obama -- on the five-person commission supporting the proposal and the two Republicans opposing it.
The debate over Net neutrality, and more specifically the fight to reclassify broadband as Title II service, has turned into another bitter partisan battle in Washington. Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) called the new regulation "Obamacare for the Internet."
Republicans have also accused the White House of skewing the independence of the FCC, with some seeking an investigation into Obama's role in shaping the rules, since Wheeler's initial proposal, made public in May, did not include reclassifying broadband traffic.
After a public outcry, including a 13-minute rant by HBO comedian John Oliver who implored viewers to flood the FCC with comments, Wheeler said he changed his mind and became convinced the only way to protect the open Internet was to change the definition of broadband.
But Republicans say Wheeler was likely influenced by a statement issued by Obama in November that urged the FCC to reclassify broadband. Obama said in a nearly 1,100-word statement that there should be no toll takers between you and your Internet content, and he said Title II was the only way to ensure the Internet remained open to everyone.
Republican Commissioner Ajit Pai highlighted the change in position in his statement during the FCC's meeting Thursday, asking why Wheeler changed his mind.
"Is it because we now have evidence that the Internet is broken?" he said. " No. We are flip-flopping for one reason and one reason alone. President Obama told us to do so."
Republicans in Congress have also drafted legislation that would write the Net neutrality rules into law but strip the FCC of its authority. But even though the Republicans control both the House and the Senate, they don't have the votes to override an executive veto from Obama. As a result, the party's leadership conceded earlier this week that it could not pass a Net neutrality bill without support from Democrats.
The fight continues
The vote today ends the most recent chapter of the Net neutrality battle, but it's by no means the end of the story.
After the rules are published in the Federal Register, likely within the next few weeks, broadband providers are sure to file suit against the FCC. AT&T has already suggested it will sue. And it's likely that other broadband providers will join the company.
FCC officials have said they anticipated such challenges, and they're confident the rules will stand up to legal changes.
This story is part of a CNET special report looking at the challenges of Net neutrality, and what rules -- if any -- are needed to fuel innovation and protect US consumers.
About
UPDATE #20 is up! See us testing the laser on the back of an iPhone!
UPDATE #18 is up! See how to use Thermark/Cermark Laser Metal Marking spray with the BYOLC!
Update #17 is up! Midpoint Appeal! We've only got about 15 days left!
UPDATE #16 is up! See how to go from CAD to a finished product with the laser cutter.
UPDATE #15 is up! International orders are being accepted!
UPDATE 14 is up! In this video, we test how well the laser does with vector engraving on glass. What do you think?
UPDATES 12 and 13 are up! #12 is a quick demo of the machine cutting craft felt. It leaves a really nice seared edge to the object with no burn marks. In #13, we are experimenting with raster engraving on glass.
UPDATE 11 is up! Check out the quick video of us marking keys for identification.
UPDATE 10 is up! A demonstration of the machine's speed capabilities and some explanations that address some concerns we have received...
UPDATES 4 to 9 are up! More video, and we're not done! We'll also be uploading some videos soon that show more of the process from PC to cutting. Got a video request? Let us know, and maybe you'll see it here!
UPDATE 3 is out! A short video showing the laser cutter tracing a path in cardboard. More videos are coming, so stay tuned!
UPDATE 2 is out! Be sure to read it if you have questions about the USB support that we've added. The BYOLC will now work with either a parallel port or a USB port, but backers will need to specify which option they prefer. The USB port option adds $75.00 to the cost of the laser cutter.
CNC machines and 3D printers are fast becoming standard maker tools in any DIYer's workshop, but one tool continues to elude many of us -- the laser cutter.
While laser cutters share many similarities to CNC machines and 3D printers (mainly in motors that control movement or software/electronics that define where to cut, mill, print, etc.), the one thing they don't share is a low price. It is still quite difficult for most DIYers to afford their own laser cutter, and that's unfortunate as a laser cutter is one of the best tools for making precision cuts and prototyping.
There are many laser cutters available today, but even the smallest models available from the Big Names in the industry can easily run $5000 or higher. While small businesses can often afford the initial cost of a laser cutter for specialty products, hobbyists and small shop owners (especially companies operating on a shoestring budget) take big risks putting out such large amounts for a single tool. For some reason, the costs of laser cutters just has not dropped to match the drop in prices of 3D printers and CNC machines.
Until now.
This is the Build Your Own Laser Cutter (BYOLC).
The BYOLC
BYOLC Model
One of the keys to providing a low-cost laser cutter is to design the device from less expensive material (but without putting the device or an operator at risk). Another option for reducing the price of a laser cutter is to eliminate the assembly of the device and push that task out to the owner. Finally, one last cost-cutting method (and one of the benefits of Kickstarter) is to reduce the cost by increasing sales volume.
What we are doing to reduce the price of the Build Your Own Laser Cutter:
1. The Build Your Own Laser Cutter does not have an aluminum or steel shell. Its body is cut out and made from MDO (Medium Density Overlay) and plexiglass, both of which will not allow the laser's 10600nm (nanometer) wavelength to pass. The MDO also has a lower coefficient of expansion than aluminum or steel, so the laser will keep alignment over an extreme range of temperatures.
2. The kit is shipped unassembled -- instructions for its assembly will be provided for putting it all together as well as calibrating the laser for safe and accurate cuts. While we're designing this kit for the DIYer, we recognize that there will be a wide variety of skill levels and comfort levels associated with the building of the BYOLC and our instructions will be super-simple to follow.
3. We know how many we can produce in a given time and at what price. We will only begin manufacturing and shipping of the parts if the Kickstarter project receives full funding -- this allows us to negotiate with our suppliers to get the best and lowest price possible for a run of a specific number of units.
Open Lids
Closed Lids
The Technical Specs
The machine has an actual cutting area of 20.5" x 24.5" (52cm x 62cm). The outer dimensions of the assembled unit are 37" x 34" x 11.25" (94cm x 86.5cm x 28.5cm).
The laser tube and power supply (for the laser tube) are rated for 40 watts. The stepping motors are 100 oz-in torque and are coupled with 3.0 amp drivers. The power supply dedicated to the motors and drivers is rated at 36 volts and 8.8 amps. For those cutters where the computer is installed, the motherboard is a Mini-ITX with an integrated Atom processor. Linux is installed with LinuxCNC (EMC) as the control software. If Windows is desired, you can install it (for Windows 32-Bit) once you receive the machine. In this case, we recommend using Mach3 as the control software.
The laser tube is a consumable and is rated for 1000 hours of service. Each tube comes with 100 days of warranty and the warranty on each tube begins the day the machine is delivered to backers. Additional tubes for the BYOLC can be ordered from http://buildyourcnc.com/blackToothLaserCutterAndEngraver.aspx
Ventilation support will be integrated into the unit. This consists of a 105 CFM fan that is fastened within the unit. Backers will need to purchase an inexpensive 4" hose that can be found at home improvement stores. We will not be offering this in our kit since we don't know how the user will want to run the hose outdoors. If further ventilation is desired (higher cfm), the user can add another fan somewhere along the 4" hose line. If polymers are being cut, the fumes are toxic and should be vented outdoors. Some woods will also have constituents that can produce toxins when heated and burned, so ventilation should be used for these materials as well. Whatever material the user desires to cut, they will need to read the Material Safety Data Sheet for that particular material prior to cutting. The MSDS can be acquired from the suppliers of these materials.
Open Lid and Tube
What we are wanting to accomplish with this Kickstarter project is simple:
A. Raise funds to produce 300 unassembled laser cutters and 50 pre-assembled units.
B. Provide an easy-to-assemble laser cutter that is also completely SAFE to operate if the assembly instructions and operating instructions are followed correctly.
C. Provide owners of the Build Your Own Laser Cutter with an inexpensive, easy to maintain, and easy to upgrade unit that is capable of performing the same tasks as the commercially available laser cutters but at a much lower price.
How will we do this, and what do you, as a potential backer, need to know about the laser cutter and our capabilities to deliver? Please keep reading.
BOOM! Exploded View!
Additional Videos!
Note: For the Kickstarter, we're calling this the BYOLC (Build Your Own Laser Cutter). But Patrick, the designer, uses a series of codenames for his prototypes and the products he sells at buildyourcnc.com that consist of a color and a random word. As the BYOLC was being developed, we referred to it as blackTooth. That's the name you'll see used in these videos. (And just in case you're interested, buildyourcnc.com also has the whiteAnt 3D printer, the blueChick CNC machines, and the redFrog Pick-and-Place machine, among others.)
First Test
(We have since determined that the cell phone camera technique is not the best way of aligning the mirrors. Instructions for the proper aligning technique will be provided with the purchase of your unassembled kit.)
Second Test
DALLAS — On the northern edge of this city known for excessive water use, where residents have been subject to watering restrictions for more than a year, a cozy home on less than half an acre has one of the greenest lawns in town.
The house is the first in North Texas to receive the Environmental Protection Agency's WaterSense endorsement, its stamp of approval for water efficiency. It is the only such home in the country that is open to the public for tours and demonstrations — a fitting location, since the Dallas-Fort Worth region is one of the nation's fastest-growing and thirstiest areas.
In a place where green lawns decked with water-hungry plants like St. Augustine grass and holly bushes are status symbols, Dotty Woodson, a water resource specialist with the Texas A&M University System's agriculture education arm, said visitors are amazed to learn that the home's lush palisades zoysia grass needs watering only once a week in the summer.
“The first thing they say is, ‘Well gosh, here it is August and look at how much we have in bloom!' ” Ms. Woodson said. (The Texas A&M University System is a corporate sponsor of The Texas Tribune.)
According to Bloomberg, Warren Buffet's MidAmerican Energy Holdings Co. is gearing up to drop $1.9 billion on new wind farms in Iowa. The investment might build as many as 656 new turbines by 2015, which would add as much as 1,050 megawatts of wind power capacity to the 2,285 megawatts the company already operates in the state.
The project could also herald a revival in American wind power in general. The anticipated expiration of the production tax credit for wind energy drove a spike in installations in 2012, then a lull into 2013, and finally an anticipated ramp up now that the credit was extended for another year by the fiscal cliff deal.
And because the new extension merely requires projects to start construction by the end of the year to qualify — projects previously had to actually come online by the end of the year to benefit from the credit — GE now expects the full force of the revival to hit in 2014:
Related article: UK Ministry of Defense Deems Wind Towers a National Security Threat
Wind-farm developers including NextEra Energy Inc. (NEE) and Invenergy LLC may install 3,000 megawatts to 4,000 megawatts of turbines in the U.S. this year and as much as 7,000 megawatts next year, Anne McEntee, GE's vice president of renewable energy, said today in an interview.
The U.S. added a record 13,124 megawatts of turbines last year, outpacing natural gas installations for the first time, as wind developers raced to complete projects ahead of the Dec. 31 expiration of the production tax credit. Denmark's Vestas Wind Systems A/S (VWS) and Spain's Gamesa Corp Tecnologica SA (GAM) also expect new orders to pick up by the third quarter.…
GE has received orders this year for more than 1,000 megawatts of wind turbines, including one from NextEra for 100.3 megawatts announced today for a Michigan wind farm and Invenergy's 215-megawatt deal announced last week for a project in Texas.
Also coming down the pike for wind power is the new version of GE's Brilliant — a 2.5 megawatt wind turbine, featuring new smart systems and accompanying storage capacity. With both its own sensors and access to the internet, the Brilliant can take in weather forecast data, grid system information, and supply and demand patterns, and use all that top adjust everything from electronics operations to its blade positions. Combined with a new height and an increase of rotor length to 120 meters, these changes boost the new Brilliant's efficiency by 25 percent over the last model.
Related article: World's First Wind Powered, Autonomous Robot Used to Explore the Antarctic
The batteries will boast 50 kilowatt-hours of storage a pop, and be hooked up to the turbines from a nearby ground pad. The batteries will store up excess power generated when the wind is blowing the strongest and the turbines are operating at peak capacity, then distribute the power during off hours. This smooths out the power supply from the wind farms, thus avoiding a lot of the disruptions and reliability issues that came along with the fact that the wind does not always cooperate with the needs of us humans.
All told, this would continue the roll wind power has already been on in the United States: 2012 saw the installation of wind capacity outpace all other forms of energy production, and the U.S. and China led the boom in global installations that same year.
By. Jeff Spross
Even playing for an over-the-top positive head coach like David Beaty can only do so much before human nature kicks in. The Kansas football team's defensive players haven't experienced a victory since the first week of September, and coordinator Clint Bowen could sense members of his crew might not be giving themselves enough credit.
An assistant at KU in the early 2000's, when Mark Mangino gradually took the program to prominence, Bowen realized he needed to remind the Jayhawks they have a talented defense.
“Unfortunately, it's part of the process,” Bowen explained. “It's hard to have confidence when things haven't gone good. I think our defensive kids are starting to see that we are pretty good. We're starting to do things and I think the confidence is building. And that's part of the process.”
One of the first examples Bowen can utilize in such pep talks is KU's third-down defense. Eight games into the season, the Jayhawks (1-7 overall, 0-5 Big 12) lead the conference in third-down stops. KU's opponents have only converted 41 of 116 opportunities (35.3 percent) — good enough for 39th nationally. What's more, Kansas isn't just feasting on non-conference stats to lead the league. KU also ranks No. 1 in Big 12 play, with opponents converting 25 of 65 third downs (38.5 percent).
Sophomore defensive end Dorance Armstrong Jr. said Bowen first brought up the third-down stats to the defense in the past couple of weeks.
“It's a good thing to see, because it shows that we are making progress,” Armstrong said, noting KU struggled in that and most other categories a season ago, “and we're not as bad as the final scores look like on the scoreboard.”
Even in a 56-3 blowout on Saturday, Oklahoma converted only five of 12 third downs versus Kansas. The Sooners have a 53.1-percent success rate on third downs in conference play.
The Jayhawks, who travel this week to No. 14 West Virginia (6-1, 3-1), rank last in the 10-team conference in points allowed in league play (45.6). Bowen, though, while channeling his inner sports psychologist, tells his players some of the most important questions to ask themselves are: Can you get off the field on third down and can you get off the field in the red zone?
In Big 12 games, Kansas ranks fourth in red-zone defense, with opponents scoring on 25 of 30 visits (83.3 percent). KU's foes have scored 21 touchdowns and gone 4-for-7 on field goals.
Bowen said the KU staff has placed a lot of emphasis on third-down stops, and the results have pleased them. The defensive coordinator added a number of factors led to KU's drastic improvement in that category from a year ago, when the Jayhawks ranked 118th out of 127 FBS teams in third-down defense with four games left in 2015.
“I think in the secondary you have some guys, outside of (true freshman safety) Mike Lee, that are veteran players, who understand the coverages more, understand the situations that are going on more,” Bowen said. “And third down's usually a tendency down. So they're understanding the game plan more, ‘Third down they like to do this.'
"Obviously having Dorance Armstrong (8.0 sacks) up front rushing the quarterback and those guys, (senior defensive end Cameron) Rosser, and the things we've been able to do up front to put pressure on the QB and make the ball come out on time has helped. But, in general, that third down is really a group effort, from the front getting pressure on them to the secondary covering guys and working together.”
Sophomore defensive tackle Daniel Wise said the players have learned to take some pride in their third-down stops.
“Whenever the defense gets out there, the main goal is to get (the opponent) off the field as quick as we can,” Wise said, “to get the offense another opportunity to put some points on the board.”
Beaty said KU's coaches have seen flashes of their Jayhawks making the types of plays it takes to win in the Big 12. And Bowen doesn't mind showcasing those steps in the right direction.
“We've got some great players on our defense, and it's time for them to finish games and play the way they're supposed to play,” Bowen said. “Because they're here to be Big 12 football players. And us not finishing games, there are no excuses for it. We're good enough to do it. We've proved that we can do it. Now we've got to start finishing.”
Start-up prints your Twitter feed on toilet paper
"There's almost no money to be made in custom printing of toilet paper," he said. "But if we make people smile, then we feel good; we feel we've done our job."
Customers can print their Twitter feeds, their timelines, their favorite tweets, or even decide to print others' feeds. And if anyone is interested in larger orders, the start-up is all ears.
The product began taking orders Wednesday, and already, the first batch of printings have sold out, said David Gillespie, one of the start-up's founders.
An entertainment start-up known as Collector's Edition launched a new product that takes your Twitter feed and for $35 prints it on four rolls of toilet paper.
The next time you want to check Twitter when you're in the bathroom, you might not even need to bring your smartphone with you.
The goal of Collector's Edition is to find unique ways to entertain people. Collector's Edition's first project came last month when it created a "digital shrine" to the word 'mate' on Tumblr with a series of videos on how the word can be used.
Gillespie said the idea for the toilet-paper product -- the scatologically based name of which we can't repeat here -- came about a year ago or so when he was trying to think of projects for Collector's Edition. As he sat at his desk thinking, it suddenly came to him and he rushed over to tell his friend.
"Twitter and toilet paper ... ," Gillespie said he told his friend. They had a laugh and just brushed off the idea, but it kept coming back to him. "There's something there," he thought.
So the crew behind the product, which is made up of three Australians and a Canadian, decided to look for someone who could print the product. They looked in all parts of the world and finally settled on a company in Illinois, meaning the product is 100% made in the U.S., Gillespie said proudly.
The four people behind the product are scattered throughout New York, where Gillespie is located, Toronto and Sydney. And while the product has had quick success, none of them has plans to quit their day jobs quite yet, Gillespie said.
The first customers can expect to receive their products by the end of next week, Gillespie said.
When asked if he and the rest of the team had printed their own Twitter feeds, Gillespie admitted, "we did a few test runs while we were developing it."
"The rule in start-ups is you gotta chew your own dog food, so if you wanna use that analogy, we've certainly been chowing down," he said.
ALSO:
Meet Sand Flea, the incredible jumping robot [VIDEO]
Tacocopter the latest in a rich tradition of Internet hoaxes
Amazon's Jeff Bezos vows to recover Apollo 11 engines from ocean
Follow Salvador Rodriguez on Facebook or Twitter
Original source: Turn your tweets into toilet paper with new start-up
The larger plastic tubing is about the same size as a garden hose but harder plastic. Smaller tubing is about 1/4 inch. You can use emitters or drip lines that have a small hole every few inches. You add taps into the larger harder plastic supply lines with a tap tool which punctures a specific sized hole for a tap. The taps are just small pieces of plastic with a hole through them and they have nipples at both ends to lock them into the larger tubing and hold the smaller drip line tubing. The taps are hard to pull back out and will make the hole a little larger. I found a few taps without holes through them which I guessed were to plug any mistakes. Make sure you lay out the larger tube to supply water at line pressure to as much of the area you want irrigated as possible. If you use drip lines, you need to keep them fairly short and roughly the same length so that they drip evenly. Each hole in the drip line reduces the water pressure and you will barely have any water flow the end of a long length. I added a very long piece of drip line to a single tap for my first time and the first few feet were ok, but the rest was significantly less. The emitters are very small holes and I expect them to clog easily so I use a filter and I use a programmable timer to turn the water on and off.
Observers sense 'something fishy' in Alaska vote David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published: Friday November 7, 2008
Print This Email This The 2008 presidential race is over, but several Senate races still remain undecided. Georgia is headed for a runoff, Minnesota for a recount -- and in Alaska things just keep getting stranger.
"It looks like senator and convicted felon Ted Stevens and Congressman-currently-under-investigation Don Young will both hold onto their seats," MSNBC's Rachel Maddow noted on Thursday. "That said, there's a case to be made that there's something fishy going on up there."
Even though the polls this year have generally been pretty accurate, they were way off in Alaska. Stevens was running between 7% and 22% behind his Democratic challenger in the polls, but now he is narrowly ahead in the vote count
Polling analysis website 538.com comments, "The emerging conventional wisdom is that there was some sort of Bradley Effect in this contest -- voters told pollsters that they weren't about to vote for that rascal Ted Stevens, when in fact they were perfectly happy to. Convicted felons are the new black, it would seem. The problem with this theory is that the polling failures in Alaska weren't unique to Stevens."
The polls also consistently showed Rep. Young as losing by at least 6%, but he is currently ahead in the vote count by 8%. Even in the presidential race, where polls showed McCain leading by 14% or less, the vote count has him winning by 61% to 35% -- precisely the same margin as George Bush in 2004. That represents a polling error of at least 11% to 14% in all three races.
At the same time, total voter turnout appears to be about 11% lower in Alaska this year than in 2004 -- despite over 20,000 new registrations, heavy turnout in the primaries, record early voting, long lines at the polls on Election Day, and the state's own governor being on the ballot, all of which had led to an expectation of record participation.
Maddow turned for explanations to Nate Silver of 538.com, who pointed out that tens of thousands of absentee ballots, early votes, and provisional votes are yet to be counted. However, these appear to be spread fairly evenly across the state, not concentrated in Democratic areas, so even a final tally is unlikely to jibe with the polls. "Clearly it didn't go how the pollsters expected," Silver commented.
The Washington Post reports that pollsters themselves are "not happy" about the results. "Anchorage pollster and Republican political consultant David Dittman, a Stevens supporter, predicted a 'solid Begich win' The national polling firm, Rasmussen Reports, accurately predicted every Senate race in the country within the margin of error in their most recent polls -- except Alaska. Alaska pollsters Ivan Moore, Craciun Research Group and Hays Research Group all also had Stevens and Young trailing in the lead-up to the election."
"Is there any place ... where you are worried about the potential for shenanigans?" Maddow asked Silver as the segment concluded. "Should the parties be lawyering up?"
Silver answered that he isn't concerned about Minnesota, but Alaska and Georgia "are two states where you definitely have a high threat level for voter fraud."
This video is from MSNBC's The Rachel Maddow Show, broadcast November 6, 2008.
Download video via RawReplay.com
The federal government is on the verge of regulating airline frequent-flier programs. But how far it goes may depend on you.
Earlier this summer, the U.S. Department of Transportation's Office of Inspector General released a long-awaited audit report on airline loyalty programs. The investigation, requested by Rep. Alan Grayson (D.-Fla.), concluded that the government has the authority to regulate frequent-flier programs and called on officials to create new disclosure rules, which the DOT's Office of Aviation Enforcement and Proceedings said it will do.
The question is, will the new regulations go far enough to protect air travelers? That's where you come in. The agency wants your frequent-flier program complaints. You can send them directly to the agency via its online form.
Travelers and industry experts are divided on the issue of whether there should be any new regulation. For now, the DOT is charting a tentative course, which includes strengthening its enforcement and proposing new regulations that would make it easier to find out about program changes. But the agency has yet to hear from millions of passengers who are angered by the airlines' recent program changes. If or when it does, that could dramatically change the agency's direction.
Related: Frequently asked questions about air travel.
Collecting points is one of the great American pastimes. An estimated 630 million members are enrolled in various airline loyalty programs worldwide, with more than 300 million members in the United States. But many of the miles never are redeemed. New research by Switchfly, a travel commerce and loyalty platform, suggests that travelers haven't used 70 percent of their miles — or about a trillion points — over the last five years.
Some program members are as passionate about keeping the government out of their points as they are about collecting them. Regulating the programs is “way beyond a bad idea,” says Judy Serie Nagy, a business manager from San Francisco. Instead, she says airlines should self-regulate their rewards programs. She thinks the only people calling for tighter government controls on frequent-flier programs are the ones who haven't taken the time to understand them.
“When things don't go the way they anticipate, they get upset,” she says.
But others are unhappy with their programs and say that government action is long overdue. “I am all for regulation,” says Oscar Palma, an insurance consultant from Miami. He's worried that, with recent airline mergers and program devaluations, he'll be left with hundreds of thousands of worthless miles that will eventually expire.
“I'm afraid my points will be hijacked by my airline,” he says.
His fears are well founded. According to the program terms, to which you automatically agree when you sign up for an account, the miles are not your property. Your membership can be terminated at any time, for any reason, and the rules can change with no requirement of notification. Even the most dedicated point collectors often feel as if they're chasing their tails.
Even if you could freeze the current frequent-flier programs, prohibiting any new devaluations, critics say they would still be profoundly unfair on several levels. In his letter to the DOT requesting an audit, Grayson denounced modern-day airline loyalty programs as an unregulated currency.
“Airlines establish the rules, the terms, the value, expiration dates and the sales pitches,” he wrote. Indeed, the major U.S. airlines earned an impressive $11 billion from the sale of frequent-flier programs in 2015.
But instead of investigating the perceived unfairness of the programs, the DOT focused on one question: Can you redeem your miles for an award ticket? (An award ticket is a ticket redeemed with miles. It can also be called a “free” ticket, although with all the fees, it's not really free.)
Based on that criterion, airline loyalty programs passed the audit with flying colors. The DOT evaluation consisted of searching the American Airlines and Delta Air Lines websites to determine if award seats were available in 60 of their domestic markets. It found that 99 percent of flights had award seats available for the dates selected, with 63 percent available at the lowest redemption levels. This essentially prompted a collective shrug. “Airlines have wide latitude with the terms and conditions of their frequent flier programs,” the audit concluded.
As if to underscore the point that all is well in the frequent-flier world, the DOT also noted that during a two-year period from 2012 to 2014, it received only 76 complaints about frequent-flier terms and conditions. Of those, just one rose to the level of possibly being an unfair or deceptive practice. But because the DOT didn't ask the airlines for their responses to the complaints — it simply forwarded them without comment — regulators didn't know the fate of any of these loyalty program grievances.
“What's interesting is that the DOT audit doesn't find that airlines were deceptive in any way,” says Jim Hooven, vice president of operations at Clutch, a marketing technology provider. “For consumers, part of the problem with airline rewards programs is that they are confusing – the multiple tiers and layers add to the problem. These programs are not straightforward and unless you read the fine print, it is easy to become confused.”
Passengers like Palma didn't walk away empty-handed. The Office of Inspector General issued two recommendations that the agency intends to follow. First, to train DOT enforcement agents on what constitutes an “unfair or deceptive” practice. The department has already done that by creating a five-person frequent-flier review team within its Aviation Enforcement Division. The DOT will also change how it processes customer complaints. Before, the agency just forwarded them to airlines. Now, it will send them to the airline and ask for the airline's response. It's a small but significant move.
The second recommendation: Create a new rule by the end of 2018 defining reasonable notice for consumers regarding changes to frequent-flier programs' terms and conditions, and require airlines to provide such notice. Currently, there's no guidance from the department on proper notification.
To regulate reasonable notice and notification requirements would not make the programs any fairer, easier to understand or passenger-friendly, observers say. “You have this massive marketplace — trillions of points issued worldwide — in which points are being seen as an alternative currency, but they don't actually belong to consumers,” says Daniel Farrar, Switchfly's chief executive. “The value of points shifts. They expire. It is easy to understand why consumers would want some outside assurance.”
And that's where feedback from frequent fliers could be pivotal. Until now, most air travelers have been unaware that they could complain about their loyalty programs to the DOT; even if they did, the agency wouldn't have taken any enforcement action. Now, it promises to take complaints more seriously.
The regulation question is similar to tarmac delays, an issue the department dealt with about a decade ago, department insiders say. It's a problem that affected only a fraction of air travelers, but those few passengers made a lot of noise until regulations were passed that limited how long an aircraft could wait before taking off. If there's a similar outcry, the government is prepared to act more decisively.
Oh how shall I its deeds recount
Or measure the untold amount
Of ills that it has done?
From China's bright celestial land
E'en to Arabia's thirsty sand
It journeyed with the sun.
O'er miles of bleak Siberia's plains
Where Russian exiles toil in chains
It moved with noiseless tread;
And as it slowly glided by
There followed it across the sky
The spirits of the dead.
The Ural peaks by it were scaled
And every bar and barrier failed
To turn it from its way;
Slowly and surely on it came,
Heralded by its awful fame,
Increasing day by day.
On Moscow's fair and famous town
Where fell the first Napoleon's crown
It made a direful swoop;
The rich, the poor, the high, the low
Alike the various symptoms know,
Alike before it droop.
Nor adverse winds, nor floods of rain
Might stay the thrice-accursed bane;
And with unsparing hand,
Impartial, cruel and severe
It travelled on allied with fear
And smote the fatherland.
Fair Alsace and forlorn Lorraine,
The cause of bitterness and pain
In many a Gaelic breast,
Receive the vile, insatiate scourge,
And from their towns with it emerge
And never stay nor rest.
And now Europa groans aloud,
And 'neath the heavy thunder-cloud
Hushed is both song and dance;
The germs of illness wend their way
To westward each succeeding day
And enter merry France.
Fair land of Gaul, thy patriots brave
Who fear not death and scorn the grave
Cannot this foe opposes,
Whose loathsome hand and cruel sting,
Whose poisonous breath and blighted wing
Full well thy cities know.
In Calais port the illness stays,
As did the French in former days,
To threaten Freedom's isle;
But now no Nelson could o'erthrow
This cruel, unconquerable foe,
Nor save us from its guile.
Yet Father Neptune strove right well
To moderate this plague of Hell,
And thwart it in its course;
And though it passed the streak of brine
And penetrated this thin line,
It came with broken force.
For though it ravaged far and wide
Both village, town and countryside,
Its power to kill was o'er;
And with the favouring winds of Spring
(Blest is the time of which I sing)
It left our native shore.
God shield our Empire from the might
Of war or famine, plague or blight
And all the power of Hell,
And keep it ever in the hands
Of those who fought 'gainst other lands,
Who fought and conquered well.
I've always liked this story about Betty Crocker and how General Mills took such care in designing the experience of making a cake. They'd been espousing speed and ease in the kitchen since 1931 with products like Bisquick, but this story originates from a cake mix they launched in 1952, almost 2 decades later.
To quote from Finding Betty Crocker by Susan Marks:
“At this time, the company was still refining their approach to marketing. While they sought to promote a quick and easy product that still retained a “fresh, ‘home-made'” quality, ‘the market was slow to mature' (p. 168). The company called upon the market research of Dr. Burleigh Gardner and Dr. Ernet Dichter, both business psychologists: ‘The problem, according to psychologists, was eggs. Dichter, in particular, believed that powdered eggs, often used in cake mixes, should be left out, so women could add a few fresh eggs into the batter, giving them a sense of creative contribution.' As a result, General Mills (who own Betty Crocker) altered their product, abandoning the powdered egg in their mixes. The requirement to add eggs at home was marketed as a benefit, conferring the quality of ‘home-made' authenticity upon the box cake mix. (Whether using fresh eggs instead of powdered eggs actually enhanced taste was beside the point.)”
I like this story because it nicely sums up the progression in thinking from ‘just designing for ease and speed' (old-school usability) to ‘designing an entire experience' (new-school experience design).
Old-school Usability espouses the idea that user activities are onerous tasks that they want to get out of the way as soon as possible. While this is true in some cases, usability is now widely understood to be more of a hygiene factor – something that can cause dissatisfaction if missing, but its presence cannot take you beyond lack of dissatisfaction.
Image credit: Jonny Baker
By now you're probably thinking “Yeah, I get it already – usability is just one of the components of good design”. So let's move on to my second point. In the Betty Crocker example, the psychologists realized the customer wanted to play the role of a successful home-maker and cook. We could even go so far to argue that their customers may have felt societal pressures to perform this role well. The egg, therefore, becomes more than an ingredient, and more than just an extra pleasurable step. It becomes a prop, enabling the customer to play a social role. Goffman's theory of Dramaturgy explains this to some extent. It's worth reading about if you don't have much background in Social Psychology or Sociology.
Now, I'm not saying that knowing a bit of sociology is going to make you into a great designer. However, it does give you a nice underpinning perspective for when you carry out field research.
A team of scientists in Australia found that the creatures develop dialects depending on where they live.
The information can help identify, assess and protect different species.
Scientists had long suspected bats had distinctive regional calls – as studies have shown with some other animals – but this was the first time it had been proven in the field.
Researchers took 4,000 bat calls and used a custom-made software program to develop identification keys for bat calls in different parts of New South Wales.
“We need to improve our ability to reliably distinguish between species that have commonly shared call features and we must increase the speed of call identification,” said Brad Law of the Forest Science Centre.
“The automation of bat call identification is seen as an essential development in the efficiency of this survey method and should ultimately fulfil both of these criteria.”
But the researchers said the development of automated identification keys for bat calls was in its infancy, and needed further investigation.
Bats use their calls to navigate and hunt using a process called echolocation in which high frequency ultrasounds, inaudible to humans, hit objects and echo back.
Earthquakes: 1; Volcanoes: 0.
The earthquakes that roiled Japan in 2011 and Chile in 2010 caused several volcanoes in both countries to slink down some 6 inches, scientists found. The findings complicate existing theories that earthquakes tend to deliver a jolt to volcanoes, potentially trigging an explosive second act.
In 2010, an 8.8-magnitiude earthquake in central Chile killed some 600 people, sending tremors down the east South American spine and pummeling fisheries from California to Japan. A year later, a 9.0-magnitude ripped through Japan itself – the most powerful earthquake to ever impact the fault-ribbed country – killing about 16,000 people and causing some $235 billion in damages. That made it the costliest natural disaster in world history, in terms of dollars.
In both countries, scientists had expected that the massive earthquakes would herald another disaster: volcanic eruptions, which have long been associated with big quakes. The tremors and volcanoes, it was believed, would conspire with each other to deliver a cruel double whammy to the already reeling people inhabiting those unstable zones. And so the scientists had looked at those strings of volcanoes looking for signs of empowerment: magma bubbling underneath, gurgling expectantly during a brief intermission between disasters.
But no eruptions occurred.
And what the scientists found in both countries were not burgeoning volcanoes, but droopy, disappointed ones. Looking at satellite footage of the deformed ground around the volcanoes both before and after the earthquake, scientists found that the earthquakes had not emboldened the volcanoes – they had humbled them.
Both teams, who worked independently, have different explanations for why the earthquakes caused the volcanoes to shrug down some six inches. But both groups of scientists agree that the two events are linked, and further investigation into the issue could help researchers better predict what to expect from post-earthquake volcanoes, scientists said.
“It's amazing, the parallels between them," said Matthew Pritchard, a geophysicist at Cornell University in Ithaca, N.Y., and lead author of the Chilean study, told LiveScience. "I think it makes a really strong case that this is a ubiquitous process."
The scientists who investigated the Chilean earthquake and the nearby volcanoes propose that the seismic activity uncorked underground fissures and released pent-up hydrothermal fluids near the volcanoes. As those bottled fluids were uncapped, so-to-speak, the ground sank, like a punctured balloon at a party to which the guest-of-honor never arrived.
The scientists that studied the Japanese earthquakes pin the failure-to-launch elsewhere – on the deflating of the magma chambers in the hot rock under the volcanoes, in response to stress changes from the earthquake.
Earthquakes do often trigger volcanic eruptions, but these latest findings suggest that certain conditions must exist in the volcano if it is to ride the earthquakes' energy toward an eruption – otherwise, the earthquake could inhibit the volcano's potential boom.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
"Basically, the volcanic system has to be primed and ready to go for the earthquake to tip it over the edge," Pritchard told LiveScience. "If, by chance, no volcanoes are close to that point, no volcanic eruptions are triggered [after an earthquake]," he said.
When that volcano is in fact prepared to blast, the consequences of an earthquake can be devastating. In 2006, the 6.4-magnitude earthquake that rocked Indonesia's Java Island ushered in two volcanic eruptions about three days afterward. In that case, the earthquake worked like a pump, forcing underground magma to spurt upwards. Thousands of people had to be evacuated from the volcanic slopes.
Victoria election 2014: Musician Tex Perkins to contest seat of Albert Park to save Palais Theatre
Updated
Singer-songwriter Tex Perkins has announced he is running as an independent candidate in this month's Victorian election.
St Kilda-based Perkins said he plans to contest the seat of Albert Park in an attempt to secure funding for the iconic Palais Theatre.
The Palais has an estimated $25-40 million repair bills in order to bring it into line with current building codes.
The City of Port Phillip has managed the building since 2006 and earlier this month agreed to commit $7.5 million towards the repairs.
In a statement, 49-year-old Perkins said it was a last-minute decision spurred by the neglect of the heritage-listed venue.
"The neglect of such an iconic performance venue, along with all the buck-passing from both sides of politics - it's just not good enough," he said.
Perkins said despite the council committing funding for the venue, state politicians were avoiding the issue.
"The Palais is a state-owned heritage building and there are policies for how you maintain these buildings," he said.
"Instead, she has been neglected by both sides of politics for far too many years.
"She's still operating and there are loads of artists booked, but she has now been covered with scaffolding.
"So push has finally come to shove - she needs a funding commitment now."
Perkins formed his first band The Dum Dums in 1982, but rose to fame as the frontman of The Cruel Sea and had a string of hits including The Honeymoon Is Over, It's Alright (Because She Loves Me) and Cocaine.
More recently he has been performing with the groups The Dark Horses and Beasts of Bourbon, and starred in the show The Man in Black - The Johnny Cash Story.
The seat of Albert Park is currently held by Labor's Martin Foley with a margin of 0.9 per cent.
Topics: state-parliament, states-and-territories, elections, local-government, music, bands-and-artists, st-kilda-3182, vic, albert-park-3206, melbourne-3000
First posted
Coming Soon
Our Planet
From the creator of "Planet Earth," this series takes viewers on an unprecedented journey through some of the world's most precious natural habitats.
PINOCCHIO
Oscar-winning filmmaker Guillermo del Toro reinvents the classic tale of the wooden puppet who dreams of becoming a real boy.
Escape from Hat
A desperate rabbit rallies an unexpected band of allies to help him escape from inside a magician's hat and return to the human boy he loves.
Leila
In the forgotten margins of the segregated communities of a dystopian future, a woman searches for the daughter she lost upon her arrest years ago.
Hyperdrive
Daring drivers from around the globe compete for glory as they race through one of the largest automotive obstacle courses ever constructed.
Mr. Iglesias
Stand-up phenom Gabriel Iglesias stars in this series as a good-natured high school history teacher who tries to help gifted misfit kids.
Madam C.J. Walker Project
This limited series chronicles the incredible true story of Madam C.J. Walker, who was the first African-American self-made millionaire.
Trinkets
In this coming-of-age series, three teenage girls from different social circles form an unlikely friendship over their shared affinity for shoplifting.
Walking safe
Walking safe is an interactive visualization tool to help tourists to navigate safely in new cities. It uses open criminal data to inform tourists which locations may be dangerous zones.
Webapp
Check it out for yourself right here
Motivation
When planning trips to new places, tourists don't have the habit of looking for possible risks in the region. As a result, they can end up in dangerous places and become crime victims. To avoid this scenario we created Walking Safe, a web visualization tool with the task of helping tourists to navigate safely.
Proposal
Our proposal is a webapp which display criminal data in a friendly and intuitive manner in a map. We took crime-related open data, parsed tourist relevant crimes and made available to the public. The webapp has a simple interface for helping tourists to have an overview of the crimes in the city or to zoom and get details about a specific region.
Functionalities
Walking safe possess the following functionalities:
A dropdown menu to select the desired city
A click event on the map, which adds a marker and a safety circle with 1km radius around it. From the color of the safety circle, the user can have an idea of the level of danger around that marker address.
Two filter buttons to display heatmaps with low severity crimes, high severity crimes or both
A cluster button to display crime clusters. Clicking on the cluster shows additional information about it
A display info button, which opens a tab where the top 5 crimes in the city/safety radius region are shown in a bar chart. Moreover the chart shows the date of the dataset as subtitle and has a link to the page of the original dataset in the credits. Finally, right below the chart there is a photo slideshow showing google pictures of the streets inside the safety radius
User can choose from different map styles
Development stages
Merge the functionalities of the three T3 assignments of IA369 made by the authors. The functionalities were the safety circle, the heatmap and the filter buttons. Add more cities to the project (São Paulo and Campinas). Store crimes in json blobs. Style Google Maps. Add information section, with more detailed statistics about the crime in the city and its streets. Add a photo slideshow with images of the streets inside the safety circle. Add cluster button, which display from 1 to 10 cluster criminal points.
Datasets
Currently the app has crime data for three cities: San Francisco (CA, US), São Paulo (SP, BR) and Campinas (SP, BR). The data was preprocessed to select only crimes that are relevant to tourists (e.g. assault is a crime relevant to tourists, while domestic violence is not). Furthermore, since all the project was written in English, the Brazilian crimes were translated to English. Also, Campinas and São Paulo datasets did not include latitude and longitude, so Google Maps Geocoding API was used to get these informations from the available address of the crime. The final data is a list of JSON objects with the following fields:
Category: type of crime
lat: latitude of the crime occurrence
lng: longitude of the crime occurrence
Severity: severity of the crime (This is a binary attribute, which can be “LOW” or “HIGH”)
Severity was classified in the following way: If the crime type involves person-to-person interaction with force, intimidation, and/or coercion, than it is a High Severy Crime. If it does not involve person-to-person interaction, it is a Low Severity Crime.
The JSON files are stored as blobs at JSON Blob. In case of very big JSON files, the site can stop responding if simply copy and paste the JSON directly in their text editor. Therefore, we provided a Python script which takes a JSON blob as inputs and split it in smaller pieces.
Working with Google Maps API
For economical and safety reasons, we are not going to share this project with our own Google API Key. It will be available until July 25th,2017. After this, you need to:
Visit your APIs Console Website Click in ‘Products and Services' on the top left. Click on ‘API Manager'. Activate ‘Google Street View Image API', ‘Google Places API Web Service' and ‘Google Maps JavaScript API'. Click in ‘Credentials' in the left side menu. Generate a new Credential and copy your Google API Key. Change HTML code line 49 to insert your key like the following:
src="https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/js?key=YOUR_KEY_HERE & libraries=visualization,places & callback=myMap">
How to add new data
In case you want to add new data to this project, the procedure is very simple:
Get some crime data about a city. The data must have the following fields: type of crime, latitude and longitude. Pre-process the data to select only the types of crimes you think are relevant to tourists Add the severity of each type of crime Save crime data as a JSON Create crime clusters JSON using the crime data JSON and the cluster script available at this repo Split the crime data JSON into smaller blobs with blobs script, case need it Upload the JSON blobs at JSON Blob for the crime data and for the clusters Add the city name in the index.html select tag Update crime and city variables at the script.js
Technologies used
The project was developed using:
R
Python
HTML/CSS/Javascript
Google Maps API
D3 - deprecated in the final version
Highcharts
JSON blobs
Bootstrap
JQuery
Lessons learned
At the end of every project it's important to look back and reflect on the most important lessons learned. In this particular example, we learned:
It is easy to use a D3 template for visualization. But it can be more challenging to alter some parts of the chart without introducing bugs or visual glitches.
Highcharts provides a more friendly interface to build visualization. You can start from a template and tweak as you like in minutes, because of its friendly interface
JSON blobs is an excellent way of storing your data to test your client, without needing a backend or storing the data at the client
Google Maps API provides several functionalities which are worth to take a look. In our project we used heatmaps, style maps, colored circles, personalized markers, animations and information windows. There are a lot of other useful and fun functionalities. We encourage people to take a look at the [development page] https://developers.google.com/maps/
The quality of Walking safe is a direct consequence of the quality of the data. We can see a large difference between the quality of the data for San Francisco (the better dataset) and Campinas (the worst dataset).
Google Maps Geocoding API can give you a non expected pair of latitude and longitude because there are similar addresses names in different cities. Pay attention to filter your data after getting the latitude and longitude or you may add wrong data to your map. It is easy to identify wrong points if you activate the heatmap and start to zoom out the map.
Future improvements
The first major improvement that the tool need is more quality criminal datasets. Other important improvements are:
Optimize the javascript code.
Migrate the criminal data from blobs to a proper backend.
Add time based filter (select crimes based on months or years).
Build a mobile version.
Put GPS integration into the mobile version, to warn the user when he is near a very dangerous place.
Let users input crime data (debatable).
Inspiration
Walking safe is a capstone project for the discipline IA369, based on Alexandre Lopes following R notebook.
License
See the LICENSE file for license rights and limitations (MIT).
Authors
Chatroulette lets you connect, via webcam, with a video chat partner chosen completely at random from users on the site all over the world.
Either party can end the chat session any time they please, which has motivated people to be interesting--whether funny, terrifying, surprising, or even naked--from the get-go to keep the other party chatting. The New York Times calls it 'akin to speed-dating tens of thousands of perfect strangers -- some clothed, some not.'
The site, created by a 17 year old in Russia, has exploded in popularity in recent months, growing from 300 users in December 2009 to '10,000 by the beginning of February,' writes New York Magazine.
See the strange, unexpected, creative, and crude world of Chatroulette in this collection of the craziest screenshots from the site. Vote for your favorite--and send us your finds for the wildest Chatroulette moments!
A friend of mine, and many commenters here and elsewhere, had issues receiving, downloading, or simply executing the $30 "student" Windows 7 upgrade. Microsoft has admitted some issues, and now offers tools for getting your upgrade done.
Advertisement
Assuming you've picked up your license from a valid .edu address, you can burn the ISO image below to disk and execute the upgrade on an XP or Vista system. The executable file linked below can convert the previous installation program you've received into a bootable DVD or USB image. And Microsoft and its Digital River partner offer full instructions on pulling off both such procedures at the top link.
Note: The ISO download appears to be a Home Premium upgrade image; if you grabbed a Professional upgrade from the student discount page, head to the bottom link and look up your image location.
Upgrade Instructions [Microsoft/Digital River]
ISO file [Direct ISO link]
Bootable DVD/USB creator [Direct .exe link]
Like the hero his childhood obsession would become, he's off to save another community — and he's taken his toys with him.
William Tsutsui, who as a child learned to value his Japanese heritage through the thrill of Godzilla movies, is now the president of Arkansas' Hendrix College after four years as dean of SMU's Dedman College of Humanities and Sciences.
“I came back to my second day on the job, so I guess that's good,” he said with characteristic humor from his new presidential digs in Conway, Ark.
But while SMU bade farewell to a leader who helped give its liberal arts program a higher profile, it also lost a foremost expert on one of cinema's most enduring franchises, whose star character — a fire-breathing giant lizard — populated seven shelves of Tsutsui's SMU office.
Hendrix, a small institution with only 1,400 students, is a liberal arts school with “very quirky kids,” Tsutsui said. “With the Godzilla thing, I fit right in.”
He spent a weekend setting up his collection. “People are so polite when they come in,” he said. “They don't inhale too deeply.”
Tsutsui grew up in Bryan, where his Asian background often made him feel out of place. He found cultural validity in Godzilla, and that boyhood fandom would eventually spawn academic study as he realized the monster's therapeutic significance for postwar Japan.
“I realized there was something more there than just a guy in a rubber suit,” Tsutsui told The Dallas Morning News in 2010.
So while his Harvard and Princeton degrees would lead to a focus on modern Japanese business and economic history, he would also become author of the 2004 book Godzilla on My Mind: Fifty Years of the King of Monsters.
He was more excited than most university presidents, then, to see Godzilla, which hit theaters last month after a monster marketing campaign. Tsutsui, who saw it on opening night, was generally pleased with the blockbuster despite the Americanization of his childhood crusader.
“That's what it has to do to be successful now,” he said. “In many ways, the Japanese Godzilla has run its course. It needed some creative rethinking.”
But some things were lost in translation, as he wrote in an article last month for Foreign Affairs magazine. The menacing Godzilla of the original 1954 film was born of American nuclear testing in Bikini Atoll, a “visceral reminder of the horrors of war” for a Japanese populace still struggling with the aftermath of Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
The latest film absolves America of responsibility, recasting those Pacific blasts as U.S. attempts to destroy the monster, and in fact turns Godzilla into an American hero with Japan as a minor footnote.
“Hollywood has managed to make Godzilla completely, and effectively, reflect its own prejudices,” he wrote in Foreign Affairs. “Japan is invisible, the United States is pure and innocent, and the monster (despite, technically, being an undocumented alien) is symbolically transformed into an American patriot.”
But while purists might find more fault, he said, “for me, it's not a big ethical concern. It's a guy in a rubber suit, after all.”
Well, considering today's special effects, maybe not anymore. But there's a beautiful moment in the film, he said, where the camera briefly sets on a chameleon — a fitting metaphor for Godzilla himself as the monster is reinterpreted for different times and places.
Likewise, Tsutsui is flexible and adaptable as he moves on to face his newest challenge, with an entire school under his rule. “All of a sudden, I have a police force that works for me,” he said. “There's athletics, dining services — it's a much fuller range of activities.”
At the same time, the school's modest size gives him something he can wrap his arms around. “I'm looking forward to getting to know the students and faculty much better here than I was able to do in Dallas,” he said.
“It is not surprising that Tsutsui would be tapped for a college presidency as the next step in his distinguished career as an administrator and educator,” said SMU president R. Gerald Turner in a statement. “We wish him the best of luck.”
Associate dean Peter Moore will serve as the college's interim dean.
Paul Ludden, SMU's provost and vice president, credited Tsutsui's contribution to the college's fundraising efforts.
“While we will miss Bill, who became a friend to all of us during his time here, his accomplishments and leadership leave us well-positioned to maintain SMU's rising quality and to attract an outstanding new dean,” Ludden said.
The Georgetown University Master's in Cybersecurity Risk Management prepares you to navigate todays complex cyber threats. Take classes online, on campus, or through a combination of both -- so you dont have to interrupt your career. Learn more.
Happy Birthday Linux! You're 25!
When Linux was born on Aug. 25, 1991, it was little more than a hobby for then 21-year old Linus Torvald. Today the Linux community is estimated to be upwards of 86 million users strong. It has become the backbone of large enterprises, and it is installed in government systems and embedded in devices worldwide.
The Linux operating system started out as an alternative to other platform architectures in use on mainframes and enterprise back-ends. It has grown into a major mainstream computing platform for small through large companies' server operations, and has made inroads into consumer computing.
Linux has been ported to more hardware platforms than any other operating system, thanks to the popularity of the Linux-based Android operating system, noted Meike Chabowski, documentation strategist at Suse.
"Today, Linux has the largest installed base of all general-purpose operating systems worldwide. Linux is also the leading operating system on servers of any sort, and of 99.4 percent of the top 500 supercomputers," he told LinuxInsider. "Also, you find embedded Linux in a huge quantity of devices and machines -- built into cars, network routers, facility automation controls, entertainment equipment, and medical equipment such as X-rays."
Some people do not even know they are using it. Linux is everywhere, Chabowski said.
Full of Surprises
Early Linux was a revolutionary idea. It provided some conveniences not available to the Minix and Unix operating systems used at the university where Suse President of Engineering Ralf Flaxa studied.
One big plus was that he could run it himself on his PC at home, he told LinuxInsider.
What also surprised Flaxa was how quickly Linux evolved and improved, and how much it was able to do after such a short period of time.
"For example, at the very beginning you were able to multiplex your screen -- meaning with a key combination, you could switch to a second or third terminal," he noted.
"This was a brilliant idea and feature, especially at the time. There was no graphical environment with multiple windows yet," Flaxa said.
The surprises did not stop there.
"I started out with Linux as a pure hobby and because I wanted and needed it for my computer science studies," Flaxa recalled. "The moment I realized that I could actually turn my hobby into my job was for me personally the biggest Linux milestone."
The ease of swapping out hardware was a major Linux benefit for Gerald Pfeifer, senior director products and technology programs at Suse, as that was not the case with other operating systems.
"You can exchange any piece of hardware and an existing Linux installation will still work just fine," he told LinuxInsider.
Linux's open philosophy was the biggest surprise with the new computing technology, said SUSE's Chabowski. The philosophy of open and free source code impressed him from the start, "but what surprised me most and still does fascinate me today about Linux is that its model of joint and worldwide development worked and still works."
Linux at the Floodgates
Linux was a "good enough" operating system with the right price for a startup -- free -- recalled Cloud Foundry CEO Sam Ramji, who worked with Linux for the first time in 2000, when his company built the online digital photo developing service Ofoto.
"We used our knowledge instead of paying for Solaris licenses," he told LinuxInsider. "The leap from copycat to innovator was not something I had imagined, but by the mid-2000s, new features were coming to Linux that did not exist anywhere else -- things like filesystems and cgroups."
Awareness of Linux in the enterprise was nonexistent 25 years ago, when Ramji was an undergrad at the University California, San Diego. Solaris, macOS and Windows dominated.
Even by the late 1990s, Linux could not provide the support and predictability needed in an enterprise setting. Companies using Linux had to build their own skill sets based on a free distribution or build their own in-house version. Adoption risk was high.
All that changed in the early 2000s, when Wall Street banks demanded Linux support for their enterprise application servers.
"That was a moment that broke down resistance to Linux in the big IT vendors like BEA, IBM and Oracle. That hole in the dam was the start of a flood," said Ramji. "Today Linux is the home of operating system innovation."
Changing World
Installing Linux was far from easy in the early days, according to Aporeto Virtualization Expert Stefano Stabellini, who has been a Linux user and open source advocate since the 1990s.
"It was very difficult to explain open source to people and companies back when I started with Linux in the '90s. They did not understand it. They thought that open source was unsustainable, and Linux was niche and hobbyist," he told LinuxInsider.
Now everything has changed. Every company has an open source strategy now.
"Microsoft was the biggest foe and now is a strong ally. Linux is the most widely adopted operating system of all time. It is known as the kernel that powers smartphones and light bulbs as well as supercomputers -- that is the opposite of niche," Stabellini said.
Secret Glue
The Linux kernel community deserves a large measure of credit for Linux being everywhere, according to Stabellini. The Linux kernel is a vast community of very different people. Many work for competing companies.They have expertise in different areas, different world views, and different modus operandi.
"It is surprising how remarkably dissimilar they can be, but their first and foremost goal is to progress Linux. It's the glue that holds it all together," Stabellini said.
As for the industry as a whole, two milestone achievements thrust Linux toward universal adoption, he said. One was the introduction of cgroups, which paved the way for the Linux containers of today. Another was development of the device tree for the ARM architecture, which made the growth of ARM boards in Linux sustainable.
Risk Factor
Using Linux in the early days was a major risk for early enterprise adopters. Too many unknowns clouded its sustainability potential.
"In the early days, I think the biggest challenge for enterprises using Linux was risk. Enterprises were not sure the project would continue. They did not know if it would support their hardware. They were not clear on the best way to maintain updates, and the expertise was hard to find," said Matt Hicks, vice president software engineering at Red Hat.
"However, the desire for a more open standard beyond the Unix distributions was strong, and it drove many to undertake those risks," he told LinuxInsider.
Today's Linux landscape looks much different. Linux is at the core of almost all technology innovation. The ecosystem surrounding it is massive, and talent abounds. In a very real sense, Linux has become the safe bet for those who are using technology as a core part of their business, Hicks pointed out.
The release of the Linux 2.6 kernel on Dec. 17, 2003, along with the publication of Linux Kernel Development by Robert Love are two milestones that changed Linux forever, Hicks said. "Despite having worked with Linux for years prior, that was the point at which I realized that Linux had a momentum that could change the industry."
Transiting Transition
Perhaps the biggest challenge for Linux was aligning the open source movement with the openness of a new operating system that broke all the rules, suggested Fedora Project Leader Matthew Miller. The open culture and wider free and open source movement grew up with Linux.
"Obviously, the Free Software Foundation was working for years before Linux came around, but Linux was really the catalyst for something big -- a whole movement," Miller told LinuxInsider.
In the beginning, Linux distributions were largely hobbyist projects. Even the business-oriented ones with greater aspirations were basically that way, he noted.
"Don't get me wrong. They were impressive work, but they were far from meeting enterprise or large-installation needs. Security in particular was horrible, with no real preemptive lockdown. System accounts with no password were the norm, and every possible service was usually enabled out-of-the-box. And there was not even a good model for updates -- even for security issues," Miller recalled.
Regardless, the Linux movement fascinated people. Linux installs grew from the inside as individual groups kept installing them. Eventually, it became a sort of "If you can't beat 'em, join 'em," he said.
"I think Red Hat Enterprise Linux came along just at the right time, focusing on solving these problems -- and perhaps more importantly, offering certifications and guarantees that open source was safe to use, Miller observed.
New Default
In the early 1990s, Linux in the enterprise typically was geared toward Web servers, FTP and smaller-scale applications. Linux was much less about workloads. Most enterprises in the '90s had mixes of hardware with a lot of Sun and SGI, as well as applications that were very particular about the hardware they ran on, such as Oracle, noted Dave Rosenberg, senior vice president for strategy and ops at The Linux Foundation.
Linux in the enterprise is much different today. As the '90s progressed into the 2000s, commodity servers became the norm, and Linux had the best stability and largest ecosystem of developers. That was and still is very appealing for enterprises.
"What has changed is that Linux has over the last 10 years become the default. There is no more 'should I use Solaris or should I buy an SGI?' Linux is already assumed to be the de facto OS standard," Rosenberg told LinuxInsider.
It is hard to point to another technology that has changed the technical and business landscape the way Linux has.
"It is important to note that even with the disruption that was felt by many companies, such as Sun and Microsoft, that Linux is a massive, massive net positive for everyone.," Rosenberg said.
New Possibilities
Linux proved its resilience after 25 years of being free and open. Today's new approaches and innovations are possible because of Linux, and not in spite of it, according to Gunnar Hellekson, director of product management for Red Hat Enterprise Virtualization and Red Hat Enterprise Linux.
"The central challenge of Linux and its strength have always been its relatively fragmented ecosystem when compared with proprietary alternatives," he told LinuxInsider. "Choice and options are wonderful for innovation but do not make things easier operationally."
For example, consolidating packaging systems like RPM and DEB was a monumental and messy effort. Hopefully, containers will offer the tools to begin harmonizing the packaging mechanisms for the sake of Linux developers, Hellekson said.
"If we take a step back, the success of Linux has inspired an entire generation of software developers to work in open source communities, while simultaneously making that work possible on open source platforms," he added.
Without Linux, today's computer users would still be hobbyists distributing shareware for Windows PCs. Instead, there is a completely different IT ecosystem, Hellekson noted -- one that "is much more inclusive, much more expansive and much more effective."
Jack M. Germain has been writing about computer technology since the early days of the Apple II and the PC. He still has his original IBM PC-Jr and a few other legacy DOS and Windows boxes. He left shareware programs behind for the open source world of the Linux desktop. He runs several versions of Windows and Linux OSes and often cannot decide whether to grab his tablet, netbook or Android smartphone instead of using his desktop or laptop gear. You can connect with him on Google+.
Square Enix announces Racing Lagoon-Shissou, Yankee Damashii crossover
Well, that's one way to bring back forgotten franchise.
The countdown on Square-Enix's recently opened “Densetsu” teaser website has concluded, revealing a crossover between Japan-only PS1 racing RPG Racing Lagoon and smartphone game Shissou, Yankee Damashii.
Details as of now remain extremely scarce, even as to what the nature of the collaboration will entail. Aside from Racing Lagoon scenario director Motomu Toriyama reprising his role, the website only mentions the following two Engrish-laden things:
The legend of the fastest racer in Yokohama moves from southern Yokohama to Yandama (Japanese shorthand for Shissou, Yankee Damashii.)
Yankee soul… Our funky game… In this age of awakening… what's hot right now is… our flick and swipe.
Based on this information, 4Gamer suspects that Racing Lagoon-related expansion content is coming to Shissou, Yankee Damashii, but admits that it's otherwise only an educated guess. As Famitsu came up with the obtusely specific connection to Racing Lagoon when the teaser site first went live, it's also possible the Japanese media just isn't letting on as much as it actually knows about the nature of this new crossover.
Shissou, Yankee Damashii, for those who don't know, is a Yankee-themed (“yankee” being a Japanese term for pompadour-sporting male high school punks and the like) mobile game published earlier this year for Android by Square Enix, with an iPhone version coming later.
As Dengeki describes in its article, “In Shissou, Yankee Damashii, players band together online with a group of lively yankees and forge bonds with them. Alongside friends from across the globe, players hop on their motorcycles and fight off other yankees in thrilling battles. The game also has an outrageous storyline whose developments are one of its main charms. Beyond that, players can also customize how their avatar and motorcycle look.”
Thanks, 4Gamer and Dengeki.
0 of 8
Troy Taormina-USA TODAY Sports
Speaking of takeaways...how about that Ryan Davis interception?
The Jaguars ruined the hopes of Texans fans, who hoped to end their eight-game losing streak against the league's only one-win team, by defeating the Texans Sunday in Houston. Jacksonville played a complete game: They ran the ball well, picked up first downs through the air and played stifling defense all game long.
Jacksonville now has a 2-9 record; so do the Texans. However, though the Jaguars are now ahead of the Texans in the division standings due to the head-to-head record, they still hold the tiebreaker for the first overall pick in the 2014 NFL Draft due to strength of schedule. So enjoy the win, Jaguars fans...it didn't hurt their draft position.
What did we learn from the Jaguars' impressive road win against the Texans? Quite a bit.
The role of an underdog is an unusual one for a 6-foot-5 muscle-bound wrestler, but it's a role that Cesaro has been all-too-familiar with over the course of his tenure in the WWE. The 35-year-old "Swiss superman" has seemingly had to fight for every inch and accolade he has achieved on wrestling's biggest stage, but he has faced down each challenge as it has come along -- becoming a popular character in the WWE universe in the process.
This has been especially apparent over the last few weeks on Raw, as Cesaro took on Sheamus in a best-of-seven series between the two European giants. He was once again positioned as the lesser of the two superstars in going down three wins to none against Sheamus. Yet despite his character being backed into a corner with several different parts of his body encased in kinesiology tape, the series is now tied 3-3 with the deciding match set for Sunday at the Clash of Champions on pay-per-view.
Both the concept and the execution have received polarized reactions from fans, but in getting the opportunity to play out on screen the kind of uphill battle he has faced in his career, and getting to do it in a format that hasn't been used in the WWE in upwards of a decade, Cesaro has relished the opportunity.
"I do love this kind of program," Cesaro said during a conference call with several media outlets Monday afternoon, as part of a promotional effort for the WWE's upcoming U.K. tour in early November. "It's not often we get the chance in WWE to do something like that. To me, it's the closest to the old days when it was all about the wrestling, all about me against Sheamus in the ring without anything on the outside. It has this real sports feel. I kind of had my back against the wall, you know, it's best-of-seven. I do definitely love it."
"Well, I feel, from a company standpoint, like there's a lot of trust that goes into this," Sheamus concurred before the start of the series. "Because to have seven matches, or at least a best-of-seven ... there's a lot of confidence bestowed on both of us. People know we can go. People know we hit hard. We bring a lot of realism to our matches."
"I think over my career, if you look at it in WWE, Sheamus has always been one of my biggest adversaries," Cesaro said, "and one of the ones I would like to say I had some very memorable bouts with. It's definitely fun to be in the ring with him."
The winner of the series is set to receive a title opportunity, and it could be another chance to jump-start Cesaro's often promising WWE career. It remains a work in progress, to this point, as the 16-year veteran, who made a name for himself as Claudio Castagnoli on the independent scene in promotions such as Ring of Honor and Pro Wrestling Guerrilla before signing for WWE in 2011, tries to break through a ceiling that has kept him from reaching the very top of the wrestling world. Cesaro was seemingly on the cusp of such a breakthrough as a singles star in late 2015 when a torn rotator cuff in his left shoulder halted his momentum.
He underwent surgery and returned to action in April, and Cesaro has built a growing fan base which has supported him with entire swaths of the crowd holding up "Cesaro Section" signs -- establishing a persistently visible presence among Raw crowds. The Lucerne, Switzerland, native has already tasted a certain level of success in WWE, winning the United States championship, the tag-team championships with Tyson Kidd and the first Andre the Giant Memorial Battle Royal at Wrestlemania in 2014. But it is not enough for Cesaro, who feels he has what it takes to reach higher.
Cesaro has recently been involved in a best-of-seven series against Sheamus on Raw. Nick Laham for ESPN
"I wanted to be [world] champion by now, and I haven't achieved that," Cesaro said, when asked if he felt he had made the progress he wanted to since returning from injury.
Despite the tape he wears on his previously injured left shoulder, and other areas of his body at times, Cesaro is back at full strength and attempting to prove he has what it takes to grab the ball and run with it.
"The journey ahead seems still so long, but I'm happy I came back 100 percent," he continued. "I didn't come back 70 percent or something. I'm getting better every day. I'm just enjoying myself. Trying to approach it a little bit different. Just having more fun, especially in the ring, and letting the fans have fun with me together, from my new entrance to the whole thing."
Cesaro's thoughts on his entrance & music "I do not like my current entrance music," he said of his heavy metal-style theme, having broken into laughter again when ESPN asked if he would like to return to using the Swiss rap song he debuted in WWE with. "I've kind of wished I could have a new one since I got this one." "I asked for a little James Bond-esque entrance because I'm a big fan and that's always been an inspiration to me. That's what made the transition to the Swiss Superman. It just went from there. Little piece at a time, little piece at a time. Hopefully the music will be a piece sometime soon." Cesaro let out a hearty laugh when asked how he would play James Bond, were he cast as the fictional superspy in the next installment of the 007 film franchise. "Maybe a mix between Daniel Craig and Roger Moore," he said. "I would like to bring a suave, charming, fun side to the role, with of course a serious side."
The 'Swiss superman' character Cesaro has portrayed on WWE programming since returning has been a big positive step for him. His entrance features Cesaro walking out in a suit in front of a TitanTron video that mimics the famous opening credits sequence of James Bond films; he then tears off his Velcro tux and "transforms" into the Swiss superman before walking down to the ring for his match.
Cesaro's tale of frustration was a similar one to Kevin Owens' early this year, as he and his former running buddy on the independent scene languished with the mythical "brass ring" seemingly just out of both men's reach. Their perceived places in the WWE hierarchy were solidified in July during the WWE brand separation draft as Owens was drafted in the fourth round, 18th overall, and Cesaro didn't go until Round 6, 28th overall.
That all changed with Owens' shocking Universal-title victory on Raw in late August.
"Kevin was drafted higher than me, and he was frustrated. I'm even more frustrated than him," Cesaro said. "He had quite the run. If you look at it, he's been in WWE for a little over two years. The things he achieved in a very short period of time -- it might be unprecedented. As a fellow colleague of his, who's been on the independents with him -- I've known him for over 10 years -- I'm very happy with his success. He definitely deserves it."
As Cesaro pursues similar levels of success, it's clear he realizes that his path to the WWE's top championships will have to be different.
"For me it's a little bit of a different road," Cesaro said. "But if there are mountains to climb, I think as a Swiss man you're the proper mountaineer to do it. So that's something I'm looking forward to."
When you pursue the level of success that Cesaro seeks in the WWE, it's hard not to second guess yourself sometimes. There's no real sense of self-doubt with Cesaro, but he does acknowledge that his approach to the business and low-key demeanor don't lend themselves to self-promotion.
"I feel like I've been working magic for the past four years in WWE," Cesaro said, "and maybe it's the European in me, or the Swiss in me, that I'm not at the forefront bragging and constantly boasting about my achievements. I let my actions do the talking, and that might take a little bit longer for people to see."
During his WWE tenure, Cesaro has had to deal with the added pressure of trying to be as entertaining on a microphone as he is in the ring, but feels he's undeservedly stereotyped as being a poor talker.
"I actually can talk if you let me," he said. "That's always funny, because people always say that I can't, but the thing is, you haven't seen me on the mic a lot. I don't really get that many chances. And if I do, it's usually pretty good.
"Certain people get maybe a reputation, and people keep repeating it, and that just becomes their stigma," Cesaro continued. "I'm not saying I'm 'Mr. Microphone' over here, but I can certainly hold my own. I've been fortunate enough to get the chance to prove it lately, and I'm looking forward to getting to prove it some more going forward. The guys who talk are a select few, and I'm working my way to get there."
One person Cesaro has seemingly struggled to fully win over is Vince McMahon. The WWE owner told Steve Austin on an edition of the Stone Cold Podcast in December 2014 that Cesaro was lacking in charisma, verbal skills and the "it factors," and Austin said he did not know what Cesaro needed to do to raise his game.
WWE legends including Austin, Ric Flair and Mick Foley have all previously criticized WWE for not pushing Cesaro as a main-event talent, given his natural ability in the ring.
"I feel like I'm connecting pretty good," Cesaro said, however. "If you see the 'Cesaro section,' when I go out there, it is definitely not silent, and I have a huge fan base all over the world. Of course, there's always room for improvement. I'm the first one to always criticize myself, and I'm trying to find ways to get better. If people say stuff like that, that I maybe not agree with, I'm doing my best and working my hardest to prove them wrong."
Again, the timing of his injury couldn't have been much worse. He was part of a tournament to crown a new WWE world heavyweight champion, with several high-profile showdowns with true main-event talent just before going down in November.
"I got hurt when I was starting to really take off," Cesaro said. "Now I feel like I have to start from scratch again, which I have [had] to do so often. But it definitely felt like I was on a roll. And I'm still on a roll. It's just definitely being in the right place at the right time or being the right person. It's kind of hard sometimes, but I feel like if I'm consistently delivering, which is what I do, sooner or later it can't be denied."
Whatever the future holds for Cesaro in WWE, he is still humble.
"Sometimes I have to kind of stop and take it in," he said. "To me, I don't like to look back, I just like to look forward. It's such a long journey still ahead for me. Every now and then I see a picture of when I started, or I go to an arena -- we were just at the O2 [Arena in London] last week, and that's where I made my WWE debut on WWE TV. It's just crazy to think that that was over four years ago. If I look back on when I was on the indies in the U.S., and ever further when I was in Europe, it's just kind of amazing how I made it this far."
Professional Soccer's Responsibility to Canada
Very early indeed this morning, your friend and mine Michael McColl published over at AFTN Canada a post explaining his opinion that MLS has no obligations to Canadian soccer. As someone whose opinion notoriously runs the other way, I have been called out to reply. I will oblige.
I do not mean to address McColl's preference for club over country; that's personal. (And he's Scottish so, y'know, he's responding to the incentives he's got.) What I'm discussing is his argument that the Canadian MLS teams have no responsibility, and should have no responsibility, to develop Canadian talent.
These sorts of arguments always come down to two things: GIT DAT MONEY and WIN DOZE GAMEZ. Weird things for supporters to say. We all want our team to win, obviously, but that's clearly not the most important thing: if it was we'd all cheer for Bayern Münich. We certainly wouldn't be fans of the MLS Vancouver Whitecaps, a team proud of barely finishing in the top half twice in four years. There's got to be something beyond numbers on a spreadsheet that keeps us coming to the park week in, week out. This is, in fact, the point.
And then there's the financial argument. “Did Canada put any money into the MLS teams?!” Well, as it happens, yeah[2]. These self-sacrificing MLS team owners who only want to turn a wee little profit have by no means paid their own way. In terms of dollars and cents the Canadian public has bought a right to demand something from our MLS clubs. But it doesn't matter.
If professional clubs are meant to be just another company then there's no reason for them to ever have a single fan. You don't see people going around wearing Telus shirts saying “yeah, they've been my phone company since I was a kid.” Even I don't do that, and my dad works for Telus. In Vancouver you more commonly get people protesting corporations they feel put profit ahead of community. The entire business model of professional sports requires that we devote ourselves to an idea higher than any corporate interest: as fans we are entitled to demand something in exchange.
Why should we, as fans, give a hoot about franchise fees? We're not shareholders in the Montreal Impact or the Vancouver Whitecaps. (You might be an investor in Maple Leaf Sports and Entertainment I guess.) I have no objection to Canadian soccer teams making money; in fact, I hope they do. But I'm not going to ignore everything that should turn a mere franchise into my club so Joey Saputo can have more caviar in his luxury suite.
Of course, nobody wants Canada's professional teams to go broke. Look at the Whitecaps of the mid-2000s: playing Canadians for 20,000 minutes a season they won league championships[3]. Pretty sure they went utterly bankrupt. Pretty sure that's what happened. If they routinely sold out Swangard Stadium, had a captain from Vancouver Island, and a bevy of beloved, successful local players, somebody would have mentioned it.
Or the Montreal Impact of that era. Routinely in the top of the table, the “least Canadian team in domestic professional soccer” which would make them the most Canadian team in MLS by miles, a bunch of long-term players and the occasional native son on a star turn like Ali Gerba. I seem to recall that they wound up building a soccer-specific stadium, won a dozen Voyageurs Cups, and got deep in a CONCACAF Champions League while drawing formidable crowds… but that's probably a pot-induced hallucination. Next you'll tell me that even the Toronto Lynx, who were an advertisement for how not to run a professional soccer team, are still around in USL PDL. Everyone knows that playing Canadians makes you broke. That's why, when a long-forgotten MLS franchise named Toronto FC was founded with a high Canadian quota in place and they lost most of their games, the team plunged into obscurity and team owner Mr. MLSE can now be found outside Union Station giving handies for pocket change.
But isn't it true that the biggest soccer nations in the world don't do this sort of navel-gazing? Look, as McColl urges us, at the foreigner-replete Spanish La Liga, English Premier League, and Italian Serie A! They don't demand a proportion of Spanish or English or Italian players and they're doing great! (This amounts to saying “these countries are in the European Union”; it is difficult legally to rule out European foreigners in these countries. La Liga restricts non-EU players but can't restrict non-Spaniards.)
These are three of the strongest leagues in the world: not exactly comparable to a podunk salary-capped regional league. Besides, as McColl ought to have known, England is plagued by just this problem, despite domestic representation that would make a Canadian jump for joy: the Football Association's tightening work permit rules are one attempt at a solution[4]. And what of Germany? The world's top soccer league requires a high proportion of homegrown players on a team's roster, and their football association sets strict standards and demands heavy investment in youth academies[5]. The Germans, I shouldn't need to tell you, have enjoyed some success with this approach.
In Australia, a country comparable to Canada in many ways, the A-League restricts teams to a maximum of five imports, a number that's actually going down[6]. The result? The A-League has ten teams, nine in Australia proper (population 24 million), international television coverage, and a fast-rising salary cap. Their national team has moved to the tougher Asian region for more of a challenge and A-League-developed players like Mitchell Langerak, Joshua Brillante, and Robbie Kruse have joined some of the world's top teams. If only we had Australia's problems. Nor is their approach unusual: leagues in Russia, Japan, South Korea, and other strong countries have adopted increasingly strict pro-domestic rules.
Yeah, the men's national team only plays a few times a year (and never in Vancouver). Yeah, it's incompetent. Yeah, over the years the Canadian Soccer Association hasn't been able to find its ass with a 15-page PDF titled “Roadmap to Canada's Ass 2025”. That's not the point. The Canadian national teams don't represent the CSA, they represent us, the people of Canada. They are eleven men or women who unify us from Victoria to St. John's. They are the apex of what we can hope to achieve: five MLS Cups in Vancouver wouldn't add up to the world-wide attention and the domestic hope from a single Canadian World Cup appearance.
Telling us our MLS teams should ignore that so they can make more money is an offense to the entire concept of supporting a club.
Trump Administration Rejects Proposed Obama-Era Rule to Protect LGBT Seniors
In 2014 the Dept. of Health and Human Services, under the Obama administration, proposed a rule requiring "that same-sex spouses are recognized and afforded equal rights in certain Medicare and Medicaid-participating facilities." Those facilities, as The Advocate reports, are "long-term care facilities that receive Medicare and Medicaid funds, which most do."
But under the Trump administration, HHS has decided to reject that proposed rule, claiming that the Supreme Court's 2015 Obergefell ruling makes it unnecessary.
That's false.
The proposed rule to protect same-sex spouses was drawn in part to ensure anti-LGBT state laws and policies were not used to discriminate against same-sex couples.
"Specifically," the Trump administration admits, the proposed rule was "to revise certain definitions and patient's rights provisions that currently defer to state law, in order to ensure that same-sex spouses are recognized and afforded equal rights."
But as we know, the fight for LGBT equality is far from over.
In fact, today, the state of Mississippi's discriminatory law legalizing discrimination against LGBT people on religious or moral grounds goes into effect.
And last month, the ACLU announced it is suing the state of Michigan over its discriminatory adoption laws.
The HHS proposed rule would cost the federal government exactly nothing to implement, and likely would clear up any confusion.
But under President Donald Trump, this administration has rescinded guidance protecting the civil rights of transgender children, and announced transgender service members are a detriment to the U.S. armed forces and should be discharged.
This month alone the Trump administration has rescinded an Obama-era policy that protects transgender workers from discrimination, instituted a sweeping rollback of the Obama-era contraception mandate - which absolutely affects LGBT people - and instituted an extraordinary policy reversal prioritizing the rights of people of faith over the rights of LGBT people.
Of course, there was Trump's refusal to issue a proclamation for LGBT Pride Month, and the fact that nearly every single one of his cabinet appointees are strongly anti-LGBT has not gone unnoticed.
Trump's HHS refusing to protect senior same-sex couples is just one more in his long line of attacks against the LGBT community.
RELATED:
'Undeniable': Journalist Warns LGBT Civil Rights 'Are Already Being Stripped Away Right Before Our Eyes'
Watch: State Dept. Falsely Explains Vote Against UN Resolution Condemning Death Penalty for Same-Sex Relations
Trump's Anti-Gay Nominee for Religious Freedom Ambassador Just Can't Come Up With a Good Reason Why He Killed LGBT Protections
To comment on this article and other NCRM content, visit our Facebook page.
Image by Brett Curtiss via Flickr and a CC license
Photo: Jane Abott Lighty (left) and wife Pete-e Peterson (right) - The first same-sex couple to receive a Marriage License in Washington State, 2012
If you find NCRM valuable, would you please consider making a donation to support our independent journalism?
See a mistake? Email corrections to: [email protected]
RENO, Nev. - University of Nevada head men's basketball coach Eric Musselman announced that Sam Williams has begun practicing with the Wolf Pack in preparation for playing for the team next season. Williams signed with Nevada last semester and was required to wait until the fall semester was complete before beginning practice.
"It's always been a dream to play in Lawlor,” Williams said. “It means the world to me to play for a team that I used to look up too.”
Williams played his prep basketball at Reno's Hug High School and the last two seasons at Mt. San Jacinto in San Jacinto, Calif. Williams was named the Pacific Coast Athletic Conference North Player of the Year, after averaging 25.7 points and 6.9 rebounds his sophomore season.
The 6-8 210-pound forward, helped the Eagles to back-to-back conference titles and a 23-8 record last season.
Monday evening's shocking resignation by National Security Adviser General Michael Flynn was historic. First, it marks the first ouster from the new Trump administration; second, it's the shortest tenure by an NSA in history. But Flynn's resignation won't quiet questions surrounding supposed chaos inside the Trump administration, or questions about the relationship between members of the Trump administration and the Russian government.
Here's the short story.
Before Trump was inaugurated, Flynn was apparently in contact with the Russian government, particularly Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak, with whom he allegedly discussed removing sanctions against Russia. When President Obama levied new sanctions against Russia, Russia didn't respond, instead waiting for Trump to take office; Trump congratulated Putin on his foresight. Flynn then told Vice President Pence and other administration officials that he hadn't discussed sanctions with Kislyak; Pence and those other officials told the press that. Then it came out that Flynn had indeed talked about sanctions, as leakers told the press; the Department of Justice also informed the White House that Flynn could be compromised by Russian intelligence.
Here are some thoughts.
1. This Won't Answer Questions About The Trump Team's Ties To Russia. This will surely reinvigorate the narrative that Vladimir Putin helped Wikileaks hack Democratic institutions in order to swing the election to Trump, with the knowledge that Trump would be far friendlier to Russia than Hillary. That's still speculation, of course, but the speculation will ramp up far higher than it did before with Flynn resigning. That's because Trump could have opted for a number of strategies here: he could have let Flynn apologize, then stuck by him; he could have simply said that he authorized Flynn to talk sanctions with the Russians, and dared Congress to do something about it (few in the public would have cared); he could have fired Flynn. He chose to fire Flynn, which seems to suggest that Trump's trying to hide something rather than either owning it or defending Flynn.
2. Trump's Administration Is Going To Have Serious Leak Trouble. This story only broke because nine sources – nine! – told the Washington Post that the Flynn conversation apparently covered sanctions. Trump's running into some serious opposition in the intelligence community, and they're undercutting him with leak after leak. That means that Trump had better keep things buttoned down, or he's likely to find himself on the wrong end of scandal after scandal.
3. At Best, There's Some Confusion In The Trump Administration. One of two things is true: either Flynn fibbed to Pence and White House press secretary Sean Spicer and Trump himself, or Trump authorized Flynn to speak with the Russians, but didn't authorize Flynn to tell Pence and Spicer about it. Either is possible. Both suggest that this administration is plagued by lack of internal cohesion. The way that Flynn went out is a good indicator: Kellyanne Conway said on national television that Flynn had Trump's confidence, then within the hour Spicer said something different, and then tonight Flynn was gone.
4. Democrats, As Always, Aren't Interested In Truth. Democrats are mostly interested in pillorying Trump. If this same thing had happened under Barack Obama, Democrats would have defended him with alacrity. They didn't seem to care that UN ambassador Susan Rice lied to the American people, or that someone lied to her; they didn't seem to care that President Obama was happy to parlay with the Russians leading up to an election, and reached out to the Iranians before he took office in 2008. They're just interested in targeting Trump.
5. The Media Are Drooling. The media have a scalp now. They're receiving leaks. They're reporting. And they're not letting up. That's driving Republicans crazy, because the media went nearly AWOL for eight years while President Obama was in office. But that doesn't change the reality: the media are going to continue pressing their advantage, which means that Trump has to be squeaky clean.
All of this is disquieting. It suggests that despite Stephen Miller's assurances, it is not a “substantial understatement” to call the Trump team in control. In fact, this situation suggests that Trump had better take control quickly, or he risks his administration falling victim to scandal, leaks, and circular firing squads. And dishonest Democrats and a newly-motivated media won't let him off the hook.
While I was in Poland last summer, among the many other things that trip exposed me to, was a popular juice in Poland made from a fruit that, until that point, I had never even heard of, known as the black currant. It turns out that the black currant is a fruit related to the gooseberry that is popular all across Europe, used in desserts, pies, jams, juices, candies, yogurts, and even to add flavor to beer or liqueur. Having had it in juice and jam before, I can testify this berry is popular for good reason, sporting a sweet yet tart taste that makes it unlike almost any other fruit I've yet tasted – the best way I can describe it is that it is what one might get if you combined a cranberry, a blueberry and a grape.
Needless to say, I am a fan of this fruit – which is why upon my return to the United States I was somewhat shocked to find out that growing the black currant in the United States has been illegal for almost a century in most of the country, due to the fact the berry bushes were deemed a threat to the US lumber industry, as they can act as a vector for white pine blister rust. As such, to this day, almost every state has outlawed the planting and cultivation of the black currant, and many have gone as far as to forbid their sale and transportation the black currant.
The only place I've even found a black currant product sold that wasn't a multivitamin has been Wegmans stores in Northern Virginia, which sell black currant juice in their international isles, including the Polish Vavel brand I became acquainted with while in Krakow and Warsaw last summer.
To me, this is a shame not just because the black currant proved quite tasty – upon further research, I found that it's a true blue miracle fruit from a nutritional standpoint, offering twice the antioxidants as blueberries, four times the vitamin C of oranges, and twice the potassium as bananas, as well as a host of other vitamins ranging from Iron and Calcium to vitamin E. As Europe has proven, they can be used in a wide range of products, are relatively easy to grow, and have a wide potential cultivation range. This means that the black currant could potentially be grown almost anywhere in the USA, cultivated rather easily, and utilized in countless products. From a nutritional, culinary, agricultural and economic standpoint, the black currant offers vast potential if only it were allowed to be grown and sold legally.
Of course, as if the ban on the fruit needed to be made even more pointless, the original reason it was banned is no longer a factor – strands of the black currant have been grown that do not host the white pine blister rust since the 1970s, and the bans were moved from the federal to the state level around the same point. The reason most of the bans remain in place at this point is merely due to the fact they've been on the books for over a century in some parts of the country, and not nearly enough people are even aware of the existence of the black currant, let alone the potential benefits of its legalization to see it happen.
Thankfully, some small steps by some passionate supporters of this forbidden fruit have been working to see this changed. The most notable of these have been Greg Quinn, a New York horticulturist and farmer whose vocal support of the fruit has seen it legalized in his native state, and is overseeing the growing trend of its growth in New York. Other efforts have succeeded on Oregon, Connecticut and Vermont, though in much of the rest of the country, the status quo of the black current remains the same as it has for the last century. Needless to say, I would love to see my native Virginia join the ranks of the states that have struck down the ban, if only that I could buy black currant juice closer to home.
So please, if you are reading this, try to find a bottle of this tasteful fruit, and see what the fuss about the black currant is for yourself. Then talk to your state representatives about striking down the outdated prohibitions against the fruit, allowing for the growth of what could and should be the next big American agricultural product. Forbidden fruits may taste the sweetest, but it's about time that the black currant gets its rightful time in the sun, and hopefully with it, on our dining tables.
TIME's 2002 'Person of the Year' detained along with fellow whistleblowers, former intelligence agents, military vets
Rowley set to appear live with Brad on the 'Malloy Show' Friday....
Brad Friedman Byon 12/16/2010, 5:52pm PT
Snow-covered peace activists and military veterans --- as well as legendary whistleblowers and former intelligence officers --- were arrested today in front of the White House while protesting the War in Afghanistan and rallying in support of WikiLeaks and for the exposure of war crimes.
The BRAD BLOG spoke with one of those arrested, the FBI's 9/11 whistleblower and TIME's 2002 Person of the Year Coleen Rowley, within the past two hours, shortly after she was released from custody by the Capitol Hill police. Rowley had traveled some 22 hours with a group of about 17 fellow Minnesotans to participate in today's protest and paid a $100 fine for the charge of "refusal to obey a lawful order."
"Over a hundred of us got arrested standing at the White House fence, singing and showing our signs," the former FBI analyst told us. "We sang all 15 versus of 'We shall Overcome', versus that you probably never heard, and sang new words to 'Down by the Riverside' as 'Down at the White House Fence.'"
Also arrested at the protest today were Pentagon Papers whistleblower Daniel Ellsberg (whom we recently interviewed about WikiLeaks), 27-year veteran CIA analyst Ray McGovern (about whom we recently wrote after last weekend's appearance on CNN) telling host Don Lemon that CNN should "following [WikiLeaks' founder Julian Assange's] example" by "seek[ing] out secrets," and Pulitzer prize-winning former New York Times correspondent Chris Hedges.
Rowley will be our guest tomorrow night (Friday) on the nationally-syndicated Mike Malloy Show, which we are again scheduled to co-host.
"We were protesting against war crimes and for exposing war crimes," Rowley explained earlier tonight. She said she made her own sign back home Minnesota before traveling to D.C.. She says her sign had "The War is a Lie" on one side and "Expose War Crimes, Free Bradley Manning" on the back, with photos from WikiLeaks' "Collateral Murder" video revealing a U.S. Army Apache helicopter firing and killing approximately a dozen individuals, including two Reuters employees, and wounding two children. The video is alleged to have been leaked to WikiLeaks by Army PFC Bradley Manning who, Salon's Glenn Greenwald reported yesterday, has been detained and held "in intensive solitary confinement" for the past seven months "under conditions that constitute cruel and inhumane treatment and, by the standards of many nations, even torture," even as he has reportedly behaved as "a model detainee"...
Writes Greenwald:
For 23 out of 24 hours every day --- for seven straight months and counting --- he sits completely alone in his cell. Even inside his cell, his activities are heavily restricted; he's barred even from exercising and is under constant surveillance to enforce those restrictions. For reasons that appear completely punitive, he's being denied many of the most basic attributes of civilized imprisonment, including even a pillow or sheets for his bed (he is not and never has been on suicide watch). For the one hour per day when he is freed from this isolation, he is barred from accessing any news or current events programs.
...
In sum, Manning has been subjected for many months without pause to inhumane, personality-erasing, soul-destroying, insanity-inducing conditions of isolation similar to those perfected at America's Supermax prison in Florence, Colorado: all without so much as having been convicted of anything. And as is true of many prisoners subjected to warped treatment of this sort, the brig's medical personnel now administer regular doses of anti-depressants to Manning to prevent his brain from snapping from the effects of this isolation.
...
The...conditions under which Manning is being detained were once recognized in the U.S. --- and are still recognized in many Western nations --- as not only cruel and inhumane, but torture.
...
These inhumane conditions make a mockery of Barack Obama's repeated pledge to end detainee abuse and torture, as prolonged isolation --- exacerbated by these other deprivations --- is at least as damaging, as violative of international legal standards, and almost as reviled around the world, as the waterboard, hypothermia and other Bush-era tactics that caused so much controversy.
Manning has been reported as the source behind tens of thousands of "war logs" from both Afghanistan and Iraq, as well as some 250,000 diplomatic cables, all leaked to the WikiLeaks organization and published in redacted form by both them and their several media partners such as the UK's Guardian and the New York Times.
In our interview with Ellsberg on December 1, the legendary whistleblower was effusive in his support for what Manning is accused of having done, saying that he's waited forty years for a leak similar to the one he thought he might face a lifetime in prison for in 1971:
ELLSBERG: I'm very impressed that Bradley Manning, the suspect in this, who has not been proven to be the source yet by the Army but if the Army's --I should say if the Pentagon and Army's suspicions are correct then I admire what he did and I feel a great affinity for it, because he did say, allegedly, to the person who turned him in, Adrian Lamo, in a chatlog, that he was prepared, he was ready to go to prison for life or even be executed, he said, in order to share this information with the American people who needed to have it. And that's the statement I said I've waited, in a way, for 40 years to hear someone make. I think it's an appropriate choice for somebody to make. It's not that they're obliged to be willing to do that so much. That's something a person has to decide for themselves very much. But I certainly think that when so many lives are at stake as in these wars or the new wars that may be coming at us, as in Yemen or even Pakistan, that to try to avert This is appropriate and to shorten them when they're clearly hopeless and dangerous, as in Afghanistan.
...
Bradley Manning is not a traitor any more than I was. I'm sure from what I've read that he in fact is very patriotic, as I was. And indeed the charge of treason in our country, in our Constitution, requires aid and comfort to an enemy with whom you adhere. And adherence to an enemy to the disadvantage of the United States. I don't think Bradley Manning or I intended at all to be disadvantageous to the United States. Quite the contrary. To do things, as I've said, to reveal truths that would reduce the danger that our policies are subjecting Americans to. And Bradley Manning, I'm sure, does not adhere to the Taliban or to al-Qaeda any more than I adhered to the Viet Cong, which was zero. So that charge is ignorant, let's say, of what the term means in America.
Held in decidedly less inhumane conditions than Manning today, Rowley, who after years as an FBI official found herself on the other side of the law for a brief time this afternoon, appeared on MSNBC's Countdown on Tuesday night to discuss the Manning case. (That video is embedded at end of this article, along with a video of today's White House protest. FULL DISCLOSURE: Rowley has guest blogged at The BRAD BLOG in the past..)
The FBI special agent was widely lauded and named one of three "Persons of the Year" by TIME magazine in 2002, for helping to reveal attempts to warn higher-ups in the FBI about Zacarias Moussaoui as late as August 2001, in hopes of "trying to keep someone from taking a plane and crashing into the World Trade Center," as one inexplicably-ignored memo described it.
Last October she suggested in a Los Angles Times op-ed that 9/11 might have been averted had their been a WikiLeaks "around in 2001." She followed that up with more specifics a few days later in an article at Huffington Post, both with fellow whistleblower Bogdan Dzakovic.
Last week she joined with a number of fellow whistleblowers and former intelligence and diplomatic officials, including Ellsberg and McGovern, to issue a statement in support of WikiLeaks, Assange, and Manning, as we reported at the time.
"No one security official, other than me and my partner on the LA Times op-ed has spoken out to say, 'Yes, information sharing increases security.' In fact, secrecy and creating walls and compartmentalizing information --- in response to WikiLeaks, everything that you're hearing about now --- is exactly the thing we shouldn't be doing," she told us today following her release. "That was what was determined to have been one of the problems leading up to 9/11."
"Does secrecy help security?" she asked rhetorically. "Every security official, if they tell you the truth, they'll say no."
We'll be discussing all of the above and much more with Rowley as she travels the 22 hours back to Minnesota on Friday night's Malloy Show beginning at 9pm ET (6pm PT).
The Mike Malloy Show is heard on air affiliates around the country and also on Sirius Ch. 146 and XM Ch. 167. You may also listen online to the free LIVE audio stream at affiliate GREEN 960 in San Francisco or via MikeMalloy.com.
* * *
• More photos from the snowy rally, and the arrests as they took place, have been posted here by Ellen Rachel Davidson.
• Still more photos, this courtesy of VelvetRevolution.us
Video of today's protest at the White House, shot by activist and author of the new book War is Lie, David Swanson --- who we recently interviewed on the Malloy Show as well --- follows below...
Rowley's appearance on MSNBC's Countdown with Keith Olbermann earlier this week, discussing Bradley Manning, appears below...
The Canadian Wildlife Federation is launching a project to save endangered bats — and they want your help.
With funding from Ontario's Ministry of Natural Resources and Forestry, the federation is aiming to install 50 bat houses in the next year.
Part of the initiative includes getting people involved in setting up small shelters, or bat houses, for the furry flyers.
They'll also be tracking the numbers of different species of bats in Ontario, paying particular attention to several at-risk species.
Individuals can assist with the program by building their own bat houses in backyards, said James Pagé, an at-risk species specialist with the federation.
Once you've constructed a dark box for them, Pagé said there are extra features you can add to attract the bats:
Fit the box with wooden ribs on the outside to help the bats keep their grip.
Leave the bottom open to help them exit easily, and also keep the box clean of debris.
Attach the house to the south side of a post to maximize sunlight and warmth.
Try to avoid fixing it to a tree, as the branches can confuse a bat's echolocation.
Position the box between three and four-and-a-half metres in the air to match their flight patterns.
Installing the houses on posts helps orient the bats, as tree branches confuse their echolocation. (Radio-Canada)
White-nose syndrome, a fungal infection that affects bats, has killed millions of the animals in North America in the last decade, according to Pagé.
"This fungus is transmitted from one bat to another. When they all return to the same place to hibernate, they share the fungus. It infects all species in the cave," he said.
Pesticides also contribute to the declining numbers of bats. The bats struggle to reproduce, as they only give birth to one or two babies at a time.
Education to battle fear of bats
The project is supposed to help save the bats, while also educating the public about an animal with a typically negative connotation.
Pagé said he wants to dispel the myths that bats are more likely to carry rabies, or that they bite humans.
In fact, bats eat insects like mosquitos and are no more rabies-prone than squirrels, he added.
"People are afraid sometimes of things they do not know. These are not [animals] that are often seen in the day."
Though often unseen, they play a large part in the local ecosystem.
"Every bat counts," he said.
Tim founded GeeklyInc with Michael DiMauro way back in 2013 when they realized they had two podcasts and needed a place to stick them. Since then, Geekly has grown and taken off in ways Tim could have never imagined.
In this episode we learn a few hard truths about Aludra's betrothed and are left feeling…somehow worse. Turns out he situation is complicated. Who would have guessed? Meanwhile, in Pelor's Hope, Jaela, Harper and Bearcharger prepare to make their way to Deephome. Somehow something bad happens to them and well…I will not spoil it here…but someone dies. Like…we can't even find the body dies. Also, why didn't we revivify Chad? Now my morning is ruined.
Join us in June in Portland for GeeklyCon 2016!!! Tickets are still available at the time of this posting.
The adventure continues with Titus Harper (Tim Lanning), Thom the Dragonborn (Mike Bachmann), Aludra (Jennifer Cheek), Jaela (Nika Howard) and your Dungeon Master (Michael DiMauro). Don't forget to follow our editor Steph Kingston (@stephokingston)!
An armed pro-Russian separatist stands guard as monitors from the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe and members of a Malaysian air crash investigation team inspect the crash site, Donetsk region July 22, 2014. — Reuters pic
KUALA LUMPUR, July 23 — An unprecedented second major aviation disaster in four months could further associate Malaysia with calamity in the eyes of travellers, observers warn, putting the tropical destination's vital tourism sector at risk.
Even before Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 was shot down on Thursday over rebel-held eastern Ukraine in an apparent missile strike, killing all 298 people on board, Malaysian tourism was under a cloud following the MH370 debacle.
Malaysia's March 8 loss of a jumbo jet with 239 people aboard and its widely mocked response hurt the country's image worldwide.
With most of the passengers on MH370 Chinese, tourist arrivals from China—a key source of visitors on which Malaysia has pinned much of its hopes for further development of the sector—dropped in the aftermath.
While the circumstances of the two disasters are markedly distinct, perception is key in branding, and the latest tragedy is expected to complicate efforts to repair Brand Malaysia's image.
”Malaysia's competency and governance are not under the spotlight to the same degree as in MH370,” Bridget Welsh, a Malaysia researcher at National Taiwan University, told AFP.
”This said, Malaysia Airlines and travel to Malaysia will be affected outside of Malaysia.
“The effects will not be as serious as MH370, but overall negative.”
Some in the tourism sector, however, say any impact may be short-lived as discerning travellers will continue to be drawn by Malaysia's pristine rainforests and beaches, vibrant multi-culturalism and food scene and an overall safe and friendly environment.
Malaysia drew 25 million visitors in 2013 and RM65 billion in tourism receipts, according to official data.
Hopes were high for 2014, which the government declared “Visit Malaysia Year” with plans to ramp up international promotional efforts centring on its years-long “Malaysia: Truly Asia” campaign familiar to many in the region.
Goals of 28 million visitors and RM76 billion in receipts were set.
Most visitors are day-trippers from neighbouring Singapore but Malaysia is targeting bigger-spending arrivals from the Middle East, Europe and particularly China.
Prime Minister Datuk Seri Najib Razak (right) and DPM Muhyiddin Yassin observe a moment of silence in remembrance of the victims before the start of a special session convened to discuss the MH17 tragedy in Parliament, Kuala Lumpur July 23, 2014. — Reuters pic A guard rides on a train carrying the remains of victims of Malaysia Airlines MH17 downed over rebel-held territory in eastern Ukraine as it arrives in the city of Kharkiv, eastern Ukraine July 22, 2014. — Reuters pic Lyudmila Vorobyeva, Russian ambassador to Malaysia, speaks to journalists during a news conference at the Russian embassy in Kuala Lumpur July 22, 2014. — Reuters pic Journalists work after a train carrying the remains of victims of Malaysia Airlines MH17 downed over rebel-held territory in eastern Ukraine arrived in the city of Kharkiv, eastern Ukraine July 22, 2014. — Reuters pic A Ukrainian policeman watches as a train carrying the remains of the victims of Malaysia Airlines MH17 downed over rebel-held territory in eastern Ukraine arrives in the city of Kharkiv in eastern Ukraine July 22, 2014. — Reuters pic A monk stands between protesters during demonstrations demanding justice for the victims of Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 at a rally held by UMNO's youth wing outside the Ukrainian embassy in Kuala Lumpur July 22, 2014. — Reuters pic People look at a sea of flowers outside Schiphol Airport in memory of the victims of Flight MH17 July 21, 2014. — Reuters pic A man photographs tributes outside Newcastle United's St James' stadium in Newcastle, northern England July 21, 2014. — Reuters pic A board, with a message referencing Ukraine President Petro Poroshenko, is seen outside the village of Hrabove (Grabovo) near the crash site of Flight MH17 in Donetsk region July 21, 2014. — Reuters pic A member of the Ukrainian Emergencies Ministry walks near parts of the wreckage at a crash site of Flight MH17 near the village of Hrabove (Grabovo), Donetsk region July 21, 2014. — Reuters pic Friends and relatives of Jenny Loh and Popo Fan, owners of a popular restaurant Asian Glories, participate in a silent march to pay their respects in Rotterdam July 21, 2014. — Reuters pic A message for families and victims of Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 is seen at the Umno headquarters in Kuala Lumpur July 22, 2014. — Reuters pic A satellite image shows the crash site of Flight MH17 in Ukraine, in this July 20, 2014 DigitalGlobe handout photo. — Reuters pic The train transporting the remains of victims from Flight MH17 departs from the railway station in Torez, Donetsk region July 21, 2014. — Reuters pic An armed pro-Russian separatist stands guard near the train transporting the remains of victims from Flight MH17 before its departure in Torez, Donetsk region July 21, 2014. — Reuters pic Prime Minister Datuk Seri Najib Razak leaves a news conference, after announcing that two black boxes from Flight MH17 will be handed over to Malaysia by Ukrainian rebels, in Kuala Lumpur July 22, 2014. — Reuters pic A Malaysian expert examines a black box belonging to Flight MH17 during its handover from pro-Russian separatists, in Donetsk July 22, 2014. — Reuters pic Members of the media take pictures as a pro-Russian separatist places black boxes belonging to Flight MH17 on a desk, before their handover to Malaysian representatives, in Donetsk July 22, 2014. — Reuters pic A representative from pro-Russian separatists shakes hands with Colonel Mohamed Sakri of the Malaysian National Security Council after signing documents on the handing over of Flight MH17's black boxes, in Donetsk July 22, 2014. — Reuters pic A pro-Russian separatist shows members of the media a black box belonging to Flight MH17, before its handover to Malaysian representatives, in Donetsk July 22, 2014. — Reuters pic Previous Next
MH370 anger hits China arrivals
Chinese arrivals have soared, hitting nearly 2 million last year—seven per cent of the total.
But Chinese anger over MH370 caused arrivals from the country to drop 20 per cent in April, according to the latest Malaysian figures.
The China Business News reported Monday that concern over travelling on Malaysia Airlines, a major feeder of visitors to the country, has crimped arrivals by more than 40 per cent since MH370, citing figures collected from Chinese travel agencies.
”The crash of the Malaysia Airlines flight (MH17)... has deepened consumers' concerns over the carrier,” the report cited an official with China Environment International Travel Service as saying.
The official added that MH17 had led to a “large number” of new Malaysia travel cancellations “because a lot of tourists no longer trust Malaysia Airlines' safety”.
Malaysia's tourism ministry said in a statement it is “monitoring the market situation closely”.
”International tourists are definitely going to be thinking twice, thrice about flying on Malaysia Airlines,” said Jonathan Galaviz, a partner with the US-based travel and tourism consultancy Global Market Advisors.
Malaysia's image has not been helped by a wave of kidnappings and other deadly violence on the coast of Malaysian Borneo, normally popular for scuba-diving and nature enthusiasts. Bandits from the nearby Philippines are blamed.
While the country's flag carrier has taken a beating Tan Kok Liang, the vice-president of the Malaysian Association of Tour and Travel Agents, said agencies are hoping tourists will continue to visit the country on different airlines.
”Our outlook is that the average tourist will still want to come to Malaysia. The latest incident has got nothing to do with the safety of Malaysia and there is no reason why people will stay away,” he said.
That seems to bear out with foreign travellers arriving at Kuala Lumpur International Airport after the latest incident, with most saying they were mostly unperturbed.
“Sadly there is a lot of scepticism about coming to Malaysia ... This is my first time. I came because I am attracted to its multi-cultural society,” said Alfred McDonnell, a 60-year-old American teacher. — AFP
Harry Potter waved his magic wand — and a Broadway theater everybody hates will be home to a show everybody loves.
“Harry Potter and the Cursed Child,” a runaway hit in London, will open in New York in the spring of 2018 at the barn-like Lyric Theatre, which, under that and several other names, housed some of the most expensive flops in Broadway history.
Producers Sonia Friedman and Colin Callender confirmed their choice after The Post learned the theater would undergo extensive renovations when the current tenant, Cirque du Soleil's “Paramour,” closes in April.
The Ambassador Theatre Group, which owns the Lyric, is shelling out tens of millions of dollars to tailor the theater specifically for “Harry Potter.”
“They made us an offer we simply couldn't refuse,” Friedman says.
“I'm delighted we're one step closer in bringing ‘Harry Potter and the Cursed Child' to Broadway and very excited by the proposed plans,” says J.K. Rowling.
Landing “Harry Potter” is a major coup. Broadway's three other landlords — the Shuberts, the Nederlanders and Jujamcyn — had hotly pursued the show, offering up their best theaters. Sources say they were shocked to lose out to the Ambassador group.
The Lyric has 1,900 seats, making it the second-largest theater on Broadway. Producers complain that shows often get swallowed up in its vastness. To make the theater more intimate for “Harry Potter,” 400 seats will be removed and the back wall of the auditorium will be moved closer to the stage.
“They're essentially creating a new theater within the old theater,” Callender says.
The plan also calls for shifting the theater's entrance, now lost amid the tumult of 42nd Street, to 43rd Street. There are no other theaters on 43rd Street, so “Harry Potter,” with its glittering marquee topped off with a giant owl's nest, will dominate the blocks between Broadway and Eighth Avenue.
“The fact that we won't be sharing the street with other theaters and marquees was another enticement,” Friedman says.
That stretch of 43rd Street is one of the few sleepy spots left in Times Square. Aside from the Lyric, the only other buildings of note are the old New York Times offices and the down-market Hotel Carter. But when “Harry Potter and the Cursed Child” opens in 2018, the street will be swarming with Potter fans. The play, performed in two parts, is an all-day affair, running nearly six hours with breaks.
‘I think this show could run 30 years, maybe forever.' - Broadway insider
“Harry Potter and the Cursed Child” has caused a ticket-buying frenzy in London. The advance sales exceed $50 million, the highest in London theater history. Friedman and Callender recently released 60,000 more tickets. They were snapped up within 15 minutes.
Broadway insiders think the demand will be even greater in New York.
“I think this show could run 30 years, maybe forever,” one says.
Ambassador Theatre Group apparently thinks so, too. In addition to the multimillion-dollar renovation of the Lyric, the company is paying Cirque du Soleil more than $20 million to vacate the theater in April, sources say.
The Lyric Theatre, originally known as the Ford Center, is, in fact, a combination of two theaters from the early 20th century: the Apollo on 42nd Street and the Lyric on 43rd. Disgraced impresario Garth Drabinsky combined them in 1997 for his musical “Ragtime.” But “Ragtime” wasn't the blockbuster he'd hoped for. When his company went bankrupt, and he went to jail in Canada for fraud and forgery, “Ragtime” collapsed.
Since then, the Lyric's tenants have included such bombs as “The Pirate Queen,” “Hot Feet” and “Young Frankenstein.” Its most notorious tenant — “Spider-Man: Turn Off the Dark” — lost about $60 million.
“Harry Potter” should erase the theater's status as Broadway's white elephant.
Christine Jones, who designed the sets for “Harry Potter,” will be deeply involved in renovating the theater. She's picking out the color of the paint on the walls as well as the carpet in the lobby and the auditorium. All will be done in the style of the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.
“When you step over the threshold of the theater, you will be entering the world of Harry Potter,” Callender says.
He and Friedman say that, at 1,500 seats, the reconfigured Lyric will still allow them flexibility with ticket prices. Rowling has been adamant that “Harry Potter” be “accessible to everyone,” says Friedman.
They've yet to work out New York pricing, but in London, prices for both parts of the play range from $40 to $176, a bargain on Broadway, where orchestra seats for “Hamilton” are $850.
“And the less expensive seats are scattered throughout the theater,” says Friedman. “They're not all in the balcony.”
SLO atheists to partake in city council invocations
September 3, 2014
A San Luis Obispo atheist organization that opposes the practice of conducting prayer at city council meetings will now be participating in council invocations in San Luis Obispo County.
Atheists United San Luis Obispo is planning on joining the regular rotation for city council invocations in Arroyo Grande and Paso Robles. In a press release issued last week, organization president Steven Arkowitz said Atheists United would begin participating in the Paso Robles invocation at the council meeting which took place Tuesday.
“While we think that our government's time would be better spent governing and not praying, if a council insists on holding invocations, Atheists United will be there to ensure that the non-believers in our community are represented,” Arkowitz said.
Previously, the organization challenged the invocation practice at Pismo Beach council meetings. A member of the San Luis Obispo atheists chapter sued Pismo Beach, along with the nonprofit Freedom From Religion Foundation.
Pismo Beach settled the lawsuit by eliminating its practice of prayer before council meetings and by paying nearly $50,000 in legal fees and damages.
Loading...
Actor Mark Ruffalo has reportedly been placed on a US terror advisory list after campaigning in support of a documentary highlighting the alleged dangers of natural gas drilling.
Ruffalo attracted the attention of Pennsylvania's Office of Homeland Security when he organised screenings for Gasland, which won the special jury prize at this year's Sundance film festival, and said he was concerned about the impact of drilling on water supplies. The actor has addressed the subject in the latest edition of American GQ.
Gasland, directed by Josh Fox, follows the film-maker as he visits communities in Pennsylvania where natural gas has been drilled. Fox decided to document his trip after a natural gas company wrote to him in 2008 offering to lease his family's land in Milanville, Pennsylvania for $100,000 (£64,000).
The documentary attracted attention for a particular scene in which a local man shows that he is able to set his tapwater on fire (see 2.25 of video, above). Others claim they are suffering from numerous health issues due – they believe – to their water having been contaminated.
Gasland has been fiercely opposed by the natural gas industry. A pro-oil and gas organisation, Energy in Depth, has published a list of claimed factual inaccuracies in the documentary.
An effect of the wide abuse psychostimulant, methamphetamine (Meth), is blood-brain-barrier (BBB) disruption; however, the mechanism by which Meth causes BBB disruption remains unclear. Recently it has been shown that Meth produces liver damage and consequent increases in plasma ammonia. Ammonia can mediate oxidative stress and inflammation, both of which are known to cause BBB disruption. Therefore, the current studies examined the role of peripheral ammonia in Meth-induced disruption of BBB structure and function. A neurotoxic Meth regimen (10 mg/kg, ip, q 2 h, ×4) administered to rats increased plasma ammonia and active MMP-9 in the cortex 2 h after the last Meth injection, compared to saline treated rats. At 24 h after Meth treatment, decreased immunoreactivity of BBB structural proteins, occludin and claudin-5, and increased extravasation of 10,000 Da FITC-dextran were observed, as compared to saline controls. Pretreatment with lactulose (5.3 g/kg, po, q 12 h), a drug that remains in the lumen of the intestine and promotes ammonia excretion, prevented the Meth-induced increases in plasma ammonia. These results were paralleled by the prevention of decreases in BBB structural proteins, increases in extravasation of 10,000 Da FITC-dextran and increases in active MMP-9. The results indicate that Meth-induced increases in ammonia produce BBB disruption and suggest that MMP-9 activation mediates the BBB disruption. These findings identify a novel mechanism of Meth-induced BBB disruption that is mediated by plasma ammonia and are the first to identify a peripheral contribution to Meth-induced BBB disruption.
Shane O'Neill got the best early Christmas present he could've possibly asked for.
On Dec. 23, the Colorado Rapids defender's phone blew up after he returned to the US from a training stint at English Premier League side Fulham with messages containing big, unexpected news:
He was going to be called up by Jurgen Klinsmann for the US national team's January training camp.
“I was pretty shocked,” the 20-year-old center back told MLSsoccer.com by phone on Friday after the 26-man USMNT roster was announced earlier in the morning. “I'm going to go there with an open mind. I'm just excited with the text from Jurgen saying I was going to get called in.”
O'Neill will be joined by his back-line teammate Chris Klute, 23, two of the Rapids' young regulars from 2013. Both have spent time at the youth level for the US, but this is the first senior national team camp for both players. O'Neill and left back Klute started last season as fringe players for the Rapids before becoming key parts of the club's surprise run to the playoffs.
For O'Neill, the selection could help solidify him pledging his international allegiance to the US. The Ireland-born, Colorado-raised US Under-20 national teamer still won't rule out playing for Ireland, although it appears he might soon get his first chance to wear the red, white and blue at the senior level.
“Obviously, just to get the opportunity to play at this level is fantastic wherever they want to play me,” said O'Neill, who earlier in the offseason expressed a desire to play in the midfield in 2014 after deploying almost exclusively at center back last season.
Get the latest Rapids news at ColoradoRapids.com
“Position-wise, it doesn't really matter,” he said of his national team opportunity. “I'd play anywhere.”
He trained at midfield during his stint with Fulham last month. However, he expects to play primarily as a defender with the national team.
“I'm not going to rule out any possibilities for sure,” O'Neill said of his international future. “It's just a training camp, and hopefully it'll just be used as a good way to improve my game for the next couple of weeks.”
Chris Bianchi covers the Colorado Rapids for MLSsoccer.com.
File Photo: A Ukrainian serviceman climbs out of an army tank at a checkpoint near Horlivka, in the region of Donetsk. (Agence France-Presse)
The top US diplomat for Europe declared on Tuesday that Crimea and parts of eastern Ukraine were subject to a "reign of terror", blaming Russia for a conflict that has claimed thousands of lives.
"Even as Ukraine is building a peaceful, democratic, independent nation across 93 per cent of its territory, Crimea and parts of eastern Ukraine are suffering a reign of terror," Assistant Secretary of State Victoria Nuland told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee.
"Today Crimea remains under illegal occupation and human rights abuses are the norm, not the exception, for many at risk groups there," she said of the Black Sea peninsula annexed by Russia a year ago.
Nuland cited Crimea's minority Crimean Tatars and Ukrainians who refuse to give up their passports for Russian documents as well as gays among those at risk of persecution.
Meanwhile, in eastern Ukraine, where a ceasefire between government forces and pro-Russian separatists is largely holding, "Russia and its separatist puppets" had unleashed "unspeakable violence", Nuland said.
'Manufactured conflict'
Nuland called the insurgency a "manufactured conflict" directed by the Kremlin, which had sent "hundreds of young Russians... to fight and die there."
Her broadside came as British Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond said Moscow's "aggressive behaviour" showed it had "the potential to pose the single greatest threat" to British security.
In a speech at British defence think-tank RUSI, Hammond accused Russian President Vladimir Putin of "subverting" international rules which keep the peace between nations and said Putin's actions in Crimea and eastern Ukraine also undermined the security of other former Soviet states.
NATO forces are preparing for a major exercise in the Baltic states of Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania, on Russia's western doorstep.
US military officials said the deployment of some 3,000 troops had begun for the three-month Operation Atlantic Resolve, following the Russian annexation of Crimea.
The move came as Russia said on Tuesday it was quitting a European arms control agreement seen as a cornerstone of security in post-Cold War Europe.
Moscow had already suspended its participation in the Treaty on Conventional Forces in Europe in 2007 and has now also suspended its participation in a consulting group on the pact, the latest sign of deep tensions with the West.
Ukraine and the West accuse Russia of providing the separatists who took up arms against Kiev last year with troops, training and weaponry. The EU and US have hit Moscow with several rounds of sanctions.
Moscow denies any military involvement in the conflict but despite the lull in fighting since an EU-mediated truce was struck in mid-February, remains under strong diplomatic pressure from European capitals and Washington.The conflict has taken a heavy toll on Ukraine's economy, with Kiev hoping for IMF approval Wednesday of a $17.5 billion aid package needed to pull the country from the brink of bankruptcy.Swedish Prime Minister Stefan Loefven was also due to meet with President Petro Poroshenko in Kiev Wednesday after the Ukrainian leader reported progress in the implementation of the ceasefire deal.Government forces had "withdrawn the lion's share of multiple launch rocket systems and heavy artillery" and the rebels "have also withdrawn a significant part", Poroshenko told state television Monday night.But Ukraine continued to sustain losses in sporadic clashes, with 64 soldiers killed since the ceasefire signed in the Belarus capital Minsk came into effect on February 15.Both sides have repeatedly accused each other of flouting the truce. Kiev Tuesday accused the separatists of using mortars and grenades to attack government positions near the rebel-held city of Donetsk.On Monday, nine Ukrainian soldiers were wounded in a day of fighting near the southeastern port of Mariupol, security spokesman Andriy Lysenko said.Western leaders have warned that any attempt by the rebels to seize the steel-making city of 500,000 would trigger further sanctions against Russia.An AFP reporter on Tuesday saw trucks transporting rebels about 20 kilometres east of Mariupol and separatists digging trenches about 60 kilometres northeast of the city. Next to them were three parked tanks.The rebels insist they are upholding their end of the Minsk accord and accuse Kiev of failing to do the same. "Kiev has not conducted a proper withdrawal of heavy arms," Andrey Purgin, an official from the Donetsk People's Republic told Russian Interfax news agency.
There just are not enough superlatives for me to describe the awesomeness that was Tim Brown's career in that number 81 jersey for the Raiders. I know I am not alone in considering myself incredibly lucky to have been able to watch the great Tim Brown play the game of football.
Tim Brown is not just an all-time great raider player though, he is an all-time great NFL player in general. When you are looking at receiving statistics no matter which one you choose you will inevitably find Brown on the list. He finished his career with a whopping 1094 receptions 14,934 yards with exactly 100 receiving TD's.
Besides the amazing receiving stats that he put up he was also a very strong return man. He did everything for the Raiders and created a legacy here that will probably never be duplicated. That is exactly what the Hall of Fame is supposed to be about, legacy. That legacy that Brown left with the Raiders is one more powerful than almost any other player could have dreamed of leaving.
When you look back at Tim Brown's career It's not just about the way that he played the game. It is also about the way he always handled himself with class and always gave 100% effort. He is a player that even if you were too young to remember most things, you still remembered Tim Brown with his fingers all taped up making grab after grab.
He is the exact essence of what is supposed to be honored by the Hall and yet he has not gotten the respect he deserves. It's hard not to believe that if he had been on the 49ers or Cowboys that he would be in. If It's just about the rings then what is this world really coming to? Have our memories really been skewed to the point where we can no longer recognize true greatness if it doesn't also come with a diamond ring and a trophy?
Tim Brown may not have ever gotten a Super Bowl victory but that does not mean he doesn't belong in the Canton. He is the epitome of what belongs in Canton in every other way. He has the numbers, he has the class, and most of all he has the mystique. What more could you possibly want to deem him worthy and how much longer should Mr. Raider have to wait to be recognized as one of the best to ever play as he rightfully should be.
It was a sad day when he wasn't elected as a first time ballot HOFamer with numbers like that and it was even sadder when he was passed over yet again. This travesty can not continue, just as it can not continue for Chris Carter either.
They should not be punished for how many WR's were elected before them and they should be recognized as the best to ever play their position. They are considered two of the top three WR's to ever play the game and them not being inducted as of yet is just plain wrong.
There are some other really amazing names on this year's ballot and that is seriously decreasing the chances that the hall with rectify their wrong doings by electing both Tim Brown and Chris Carter. If it is only going to be one or the other this year I would bet that Chris Carter will end up being the WR voted in. After all, he didn't play in the Silver and Black.
Authored by Toni Airaksinen via Campus Reform,
A Pennsylvania State University sociology professor recently argued that eating meat perpetuates “hegemonic masculinity” and “gender hegemony.”
In the most recent issue of the Journal of Feminist Geography, professor Anne DeLessio-Parson argues that “hegemonic masculinity implies an imperative to eat meat” and that this helps reify other power hierarchies as well.
To study the link between masculinity and meat, DeLessio-Parson interviewed 23 vegetarians who live in Argentina to probe how they deal with their country's “meat-centric” culture, finding that being vegetarian itself is a political act.
Vegetarians also contribute to the destabilization of the gender binary, she argued.
“The decision to become vegetarian does not itself destabilize gender, but the subsequent social interactions between vegetarian and meat-eater demand gender enactment - or resistance,” DeLessio-Parson discovered. “Refusing meat therefore presents opportunities, in each social interaction, for the binary to be called into question,” she said, noting that women, for example, may not consider dating men who eat meat, while male vegetarians might end up spending more time in the kitchen as opposed to outside on the grill, all actions which can destabilize gender norms.
In an interview with Campus Reform, DeLessio-Parson explained that her interest in the issue arose after spending five years as a vegetarian in Argentina, where she worked with community organizations and as an English teacher.
There, she realized that vegetarianism isn't just a lifestyle choice, but a feminist act.
“Women, one of the ways they push back against patriarchy, they say, 'This is my body. You don't get to tell me what comes in and out,'” she told Campus Reform, explaining that vegetarianism is a way women can assert their agency and autonomy.
She also noticed characteristics unique to male vegetarians, asserting that although many men in Argentina “still have these very hegemonic masculinity traits,” male vegetarians “seem more egalitarian and respectful” and “more open about talking how sexism exists.”
DeLessio-Parson concludes that vegetarianism can help “destabilize not just gender, but also other hierarchies, and drive social change.
This morning, famed attorney Alan Dershowitz appeared on Fox News to discuss the ongoing Russia probe and some of the recent reports revolving around the FBI and Department of Justice, notably surrounding FBI agent Peter Strzok and his past anti-Trump texts. One thing the lawyer was asked about involved Attorney General Jeff Sessions' recusal from the Russia probe.
“Could he unrecuse himself?” host Ed Henry asked, noting that Sessions' recusal was related to the entire 2016 presidential campaign and not just the investigation into Russian election meddling.
“He could,” Dershowitz stated. “The law certainly allows anyone who's recused themselves to change that if there are new developments and new circumstances.”
Dershowitz, who has been quite critical of the Russia probe, said that one of the “new developments” is that Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein “should recuse himself,” claiming it's because Rosenstein “is a witness.”
“If there's any investigation into obstruction of justice for firing [former FBI Director James] Comey — and there shouldn't be, that's a constitutionally protected act — but if that is part of the investigation, then Rosenstein is a key witness,” the attorney declared. “He wrote the crucial memo.”
It should be noted that Rosenstein has recently said he has seen no good cause to fire Special Counsel Robert Mueller. Meanwhile, Dershowitz added that he didn't think that Sessions would withdraw his recusal because he's “safely away from the line of fire” and he wouldn't want to get involved.
He agreed with Henry that Strzok should no longer be with the FBI over the text messages he sent criticizing Donald Trump. Additionally, he said that he believes Sessions is in a tough position regarding that decision and that the AG would probably like to get out of the role.
Watch the clip above, via Fox News.
[image via screengrab]
—
Follow Justin Baragona on Twitter: @justinbaragona
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
Tourists in Rome yesterday may have felt they had stepped back in time as Roman centurions - complete with red skirts, tunics, armour, swords and feathered helmets - fought in front of the Colosseum.
This time, however, it was with a modern enemy, as Rome's city police arrived at the ancient amphitheatre to enforce an eviction notice for the men, who ask for money to have their picture taken by tourists.
Italy's culture ministry says the men have no permits, often harass and stalk tourists, ask for exorbitant amounts and disfigure the historic image of the centurion by wearing jeans under their skirts and running shoes instead of the classic Roman "caliga" leather sandals.
The clashes broke out when city police in modern uniforms arrived to remove two centurions who had occupied part of an arcade on the first floor of the Colosseum. Some 25 centurions tried to stop the police from taking the two away. In the scuffle one of the centurions fell to the ground and was slightly injured.
"All of a sudden, after 17 years, they want to kick us out. It's absurd," said one irate centurion who identified himself only as Davide. "I have been making my living like this, I have supported my wife, my children . . . and now they tell me: 'You are out'. This is not possible. We want to be regularised and we want our bread," he said.
"In Venice they have the gondoliers and in Rome we have the centurions. That's it."
As in ancient Roman clashes in the same amphitheatre, the crowd of onlookers took sides and gave an unequivocal thumbs down to those wearing the modern uniforms. "Leave them alone. We are all centurions," the crowd chanted in Italian.
But Rome mayor Gianni Alemanno, a member of Italy's largest right-wing party, was having none of it. He said the men had to abide by rules that would be imposed by the city, including permits and rules of conduct.
"We will not let ourselves be blackmailed. Either the centurions accept the rules or they will have to go," he said in a statement. Caesar could not have been more resolute.
Reuters
In We Don't Embroider Cushions Here artists Augustine and Josephine Rockebrune reveal a new and outrageous chapter in
the legend of designer Charlotte Perriand and her famous master
Le Corbusier.
50 years after Corbusier's death, this book documents how his degrading view of women haunts the very chair his unpaid and uncredited assistant Perriand designed in his shadow: the LC4.
Throughout 192 pages of screenshots, uncovered through meticulous research on adult websites, the sisters Rockebrune explore the diabolical irony with which Perriand's iconic chaise longue has become a preferred “fuck-prop” in the adult film industry.
Readers will witness how the LC4 has become the leather “altar” on which women of all races are systematically reduced to objects, good for nothing but whoring or - as Le Corbusier suggested to Perriand - “embroidering cushions”.
We Don't Embroider Cushions Here is printed in a limited edition of 500 numbered copies, and is published in conjunction with the 50th anniversary of Le Corbusier's death.
------------------------------------------------------------
Title: We Don't Embroider Cushions Here
Authors: Augustine and Josephine Rockebrune
Graphic design: Boris Datore
Date of publishing: October, 2015
Publisher: Édition Monumental
Pages: 212
Limited edition of 500 hand-numbered copies
Language: English / French
Images: 147 colour / 1 black and white
Dimensions: 14.8 x 21 x 1.5 cm
Weight: 457 g
Cover: Softcover / Silkscreen print on Colorit
Binding: Sewn perfect binding
1ST EDITION / SOLD OUT / CHECK PRINTEDMATTER.ORG FOR LAST COPIES OF THE 1ST EDITION!
SEND US AN EMAIL AND WE'LL KEEP YOU UPDATED WHEN 2ND EDITION WILL BE IN STOCK /
EDITIONMONUMENTAL@GMAIL.COM
Price: € 40.00
(Handling, packaging and postage not included)
Share
Transmitted by bloodsucking kissing bugs, tropical Chagas disease—which afflicts millions in Central and South America—may affect more people in the U.S. than previously thought. Although doctors officially have recorded only seven cases of new human infections in North America, a new study found that five of 13 kissing bugs collected from California and Arizona had bitten a human host—and many of the bugs they collected were infected with Chagas.
Chagas, aka American trypanosomiasis, is a cryptic foe. After a person becomes infected, early symptoms—fever, a swollen eye—may be mistaken for any number of other ailments. The disease earns its moniker, the "silent killer," from its tendency to lie dormant in a person's system for years, even decades, until striking the victim down, usually through sudden heart or digestive failure.
Currently, the U.S. is relatively unaffected by Chagas transmission—but the new study gives researchers pause. "The dogma is that bugs and humans are quite separate in the U.S.," says Patricia Dorn, a molecular parasitologist at Loyola University New Orleans. "But now it seems that contact is not as rare as we thought," she says.
To investigate the threat of Chagas disease in the U.S., Dorn and colleagues collected kissing bugs in California and Arizona. Using a new analytical method, they identified which vertebrate species the bugs had parasitized by isolating fragments of DNA left over from blood meals. They cloned each DNA segment to separate out the species, such as chicken, wood rat and pig. They found that five of the insects contained human DNA, indicating they had bitten a person, and two of those insects had fed on two different people. Moreover, more than half the insects tested were infected with the Chagas parasite, the researchers reported in the journal Emerging Infectious Diseases. This is a high percentage of bugs infected with the parasite, Dorn says, although infection prevalence in bugs varies enormously in different locations. In endemic areas such as Guatemala, for example, researchers usually find 25 to 30 percent of kissing bugs to be infected. A 55 percent parasite infection prevalence is not unheard of, however, and Dorn found a similar infection prevalence in Louisiana in 2007.
"To find out so many bugs were in fact feeding on humans suggests that maybe there are a lot of cases we don't know about," says Lori Stevens, a biologist at the University of Vermont who developed the analytical method used in the study.
Trypanosoma cruzi, the protozoan responsible for Chagas disease, bides its time in a kissing bug's gut. Like cockroaches, kissing bugs are nocturnal insects that hide in cracks and crevices during daytime or when lights are on at night. After the lights go off, kissing bugs crawl into bed with the slumbering inhabitant and take a blood meal, often sucking around the victim's mouth or eyes. Unlike a mosquito, however, it is not the kissing bug's suction mouthparts that transmit disease—it is its feces that teem with T. cruzi. As the bug feeds it defecates; later the sleeping victim often scratches the bite, rubbing the feces into the open wound or into the eyes or mouth.
North America has so far been spared from this plague for a number of reasons: The 11 species of kissing bugs endemic to the U.S. South and Southwest tend to defecate after leaving their unwitting hosts, reducing the likelihood of spreading the parasite. They also tend to inhabit areas or wilderness where few humans live. Finally, in Central and South America, the disease is most prevalent in rural homes made of mud or covered by thatched roofs—such architecture, which makes perfect hideouts for the pests, is not typical of U.S. homes.
Puzzlingly, the insects containing human DNA that the researchers sampled were caught far from U.S. homes. "If we sampled in households where people were bitten, this wouldn't be surprising at all," says Stephen Klotz, chief of the infectious diseases section at the University of Arizona in Tucson and one of the study's authors. "But in this situation it was quite a surprise," he says.
Sheba Meymandi, a professor of medicine at the University of California Los Angeles, and the director of the Center of Excellence for the Diagnosis and Treatment of Chagas Disease who was not involved in the study, had a different take on the results. "I'm not surprised at the 38 percent," she says. "The bugs feed on humans in addition to other mammals, so I'm not surprised by the human DNA."
The U.S. prevalence may increase in the future. Observations indicate that the bugs might be changing some of their behaviors, Klotz says. Dogs and raccoons infected with Chagas disease are becoming more common, and the area occupied by infected dogs seems to be expanding north. In one community in Arizona it appears that some of the bugs are taking up residence in households, a strange and worrying development for a species that normally establishes itself in wilderness areas removed from suburban centers. As we encroach more and more on the kissing bug's habitat and remove their usual blood meal sources, such as rodents, says Dorn, the insects—attracted by light—are moving into houses to tap new food sources.
Whereas a Chagas disease epidemic is not likely in North America, the insects do cause severe allergic reactions for some victims. There is also a chance that, as conditions become more favorable with milder winters, Mexican kissing bug species may migrate north, Dorn and Stevens point out, although currently this scenario is only speculation.
To avoid bites, Stevens says, people in infested areas should put up tight-fitting screens and get rid of woodpiles near their homes.
Around 300,000 people, mostly of immigrant background, already live with Chagas disease in the U.S., although awareness of the disease is still rudimentary among the public and physicians. Meymandi calls for an educational campaign among medical students and primary care practitioners. "The disease is here and can be highly lethal, though also highly preventable if diagnosed early," she says.
Over the weekend, America Speaks, a project of the Pete Peterson Foundation, held townhall meetings in 19 cities across the country. The purpose of this was to ... well, let David Dayen explain:
The entire event was absolutely designed to create a panic about the deficit among the participants. Slickly produced scare videos talking about the dire straits of the budget were prevalent. Multiple charts and graphs without precise numbers or percentages were handed out. Speakers discussed how “most Americans are concerned about the deficits and debt,” and how we cannot grow our way out of the problem. The current state of the economy, which needs an increase in aggregate demand, mostly in the form of government spending, to avoid a relapse into recession, got a short mention at the beginning of the discussion, an inclusion which seemed forced and tacked-on. Overall, there was about 15 minutes of discussion of the current economic problems, and 5 hours on the deficit. Organizers stressed that their solutions are designed to kick in after the country hits recovery, but the compounded effect of stressing deficits over and over is undeniable. There was no slick video about the need for economic recovery, put it that way.
But participants weren't buying. Because, unlike billionaire moguls who think budget deficits are the biggest fiscal problem the United States currently faces, many of them face bigger problems every day, such as getting a job and keeping food on the table and a roof overhead, getting the kids through college (or paying off student loans in a downer economy) and figuring out how to afford retirement.
Consequently, in a press release that the sponsors of America Speaks must have lamented even as they wrote it, a scientifically selected group of participants voted to:
• Raise the limit on taxable earnings so it covers 90% of total earnings.
• Reduce spending on health care and non-defense discretionary spending by at least 5%.
• Raise tax rates on corporate income and those earning more than $1 million.
• Raise the age for receiving full Social Security benefits to 69.
• Reduce defense spending by 10% - 15%.
• Create a carbon and securities-transaction tax. ... Participants expressed more mixed views about the recent stimulus bill that failed to pass the Senate last week. Fifty-one percent of participants supported the legislation, while thirty-eight percent of participants said they were not supportive of it. The concerns about the state of the economy spanned unemployment and the need for more jobs, personal and federal debt and deficit, the slow pace of economic recovery, too much spending and government involvement, the increasing gap between the rich and poor, lack of support for small businesses and distrust of elected officials to fix what is broken fiscally. The participants prioritized balancing the needs of current and future generations and placing a greater burden for reducing the deficit on those who are more financially able as the core values that should guide our country's fiscal future.
Given how generally progressive the votes of participants turned out at the town meetings, imagine how they might have responded if deficit! deficit! deficit! propaganda had been leavened with a fairer presentation on Social Security and Medicare, among other topics, as Dean Baker pointed out.
IF YOU start feeling good about America, run don't walk to Adam Gopnik's damning New Yorker feature on the land of the free's penchant for imprisonment:
For a great many poor people in America, particularly poor black men, prison is a destination that braids through an ordinary life, much as high school and college do for rich white ones. More than half of all black men without a high-school diploma go to prison at some time in their lives. Mass incarceration on a scale almost unexampled in human history is a fundamental fact of our country today—perhaps the fundamental fact, as slavery was the fundamental fact of 1850. In truth, there are more black men in the grip of the criminal-justice system—in prison, on probation, or on parole—than were in slavery then. Over all, there are now more people under “correctional supervision” in America—more than six million—than were in the Gulag Archipelago under Stalin at its height. That city of the confined and the controlled, Lockuptown, is now the second largest in the United States.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Absolute quantities can be misleading, but the trend in the incarceration rate is equally unsettling. As Mr Gopnik reports, "...in 1980, there were about two hundred and twenty people incarcerated for every hundred thousand Americans; by 2010, the number had more than tripled, to seven hundred and thirty-one. No other country even approaches that." Read Mr Gopnik's essay and see if you don't agree that "The scale and the brutality of our prisons are the moral scandal of American life."
But what if locking away all these people have made America notably safer for those of us on the sunny side of the razor-wire? Mr Gopnik, drawing on the work of Franklin Zimring, a law professor at Berkeley, tries to debunk the idea that mass imprisonment accounts for more than a small part of the remarkable decline in America's crime rate over the past several decades. While I'm sympathetic to Mr Gopnik's argument that a combination of improved policing tactics and ineffable changes in the culture account for the greater part of the decline in America's crime rate, I'm even more impressed with Christopher Glazek's argument, set forth in a fascinating n+1 essay, that once we've accounted for all the undocumented crime terrorising the denizens of Lockuptown, the crime rate is not really so low. Mr Glazek writes:
Statistics are notoriously slippery, but the figures that suggest that violence has been disappearing in the United States contain a blind spot so large that to cite them uncritically, as the major papers do, is to collude in an epic con. Uncounted in the official tallies are the hundreds of thousands of crimes that take place in the country's prison system, a vast and growing residential network whose forsaken tenants increasingly bear the brunt of America's propensity for anger and violence. Crime has not fallen in the United States—it's been shifted. Just as Wall Street connived with regulators to transfer financial risk from spendthrift banks to careless home buyers, so have federal, state, and local legislatures succeeded in rerouting criminal risk away from urban centers and concentrating it in a proliferating web of hyperhells. The statistics touting the country's crime-reduction miracle, when juxtaposed with those documenting the quantity of rape and assault that takes place each year within the correctional system, are exposed as not merely a lie, or even a damn lie—but as the single most shameful lie in American life.
Unfortunately, there is little hard data on the Lockuptown crime rate. According to Mr Glazek, the federal government did not gather data on rape in prisons until just last year. Yet this data, based on official prisoner complaints, is sure to severely undercount the reality of sexual violence in America's prisons. It can be extremely dangerous for a prisoner to get a reputation as a "snitch". In any case, prison authorities seldom do anything about it. Indeed, the authorities seem to accept, and sometimes even affirm, that the savage violence is simply a part of prison life, as do ordinary Americans who chuckle guiltlessly at prison-rape jokes. As Mr Glazek puts it:
[Prisoners] are the victims of an ideological system that dehumanizes an entire class of human being and permits nearly infinite violence against it. As much as a physical space, prisons denote an ethical space, or, more precisely, a space where ordinary ethics are suspended. ...[In prisons] anybody is free to commit rape and be reasonably assured that no state official will notice or care (barring those instances when the management knowingly encourages rape, unleashing favored inmates on troublemakers as a strategy for administrative control). The prison staff is above the law; the prison inmates, below it. Far from embodying the model of Bentham/Foucault's panopticon— that is, one of total surveillance—America's prisons are its blind spots, places where complaints cannot be heard and abuses cannot be seen. Though important symbols of bureaucratic authority, they are spaces that lie beyond our system of bureaucratic oversight. As far as the outside world is concerned, every American prison functions as a black site.
What is America's crime rate, really? If America's penal system as a whole amounts to a crime against humanity, maybe that ought to count for something, too.
(Photo credit: AFP)
A state trooper has been suspended without pay after his arrest in connection with an alleged violent assault on a woman at his Derry Township home this month.
Chad Douglas Corbett, 37, is charged with aggravated indecent assault, strangulation, simple assault and reckless endangerment.
Corbett had been assigned to a patrol unit at Troop A's Kiski Valley station, said Ryan Tarkowski, state police public information officer.
A woman, 36, reported Sept. 3 that Corbett assaulted her overnight between Sept. 1 and 2, Cpl. Brian Lumsden reported in an affidavit.
The woman reported having swelling on the back of her head and a lower jaw misalignment. Lumsden saw bruising on her arm and cuts on her wrist, he said.
She told investigators that Corbett hit, kicked and strangled her, struck her head against the floor and abused her sexually, according to the complaint.
Corbett was arrested Sept. 4. He is free on $5,000 unsecured bond.
Corbett's annual salary with the state police is $88,046. He enlisted in December 2005, Tarkowski said.
A message left for him on his cellphone Wednesday was not returned. He did not have an attorney listed in online court records.
A preliminary hearing is set for Oct. 2.
Renatta Signorini is a Tribune-Review staff writer. Reach her at 724-837-5374, rsignorini@tribweb.com or via Twitter @byrenatta.
Renatta Signorini is a Tribune-Review staff reporter. You can contact Renatta at 724-837-5374, rsignorini@tribweb.com or via Twitter .
These are really nice, function tested, and ready to drop in to any AR-15 lower and start firing...
Upper is machined from 7075-T6 forgings that are hard coat anodized for wear and scratch resistance meeting MIL SPEC.
Barrels drilled, reamed and buttoned from 4140, 4150 Chrome Moly, Chrome Moly Vanadium per MIL –B-11595E or 416 stainless gun quality steel then stress relieved prior to contouring and chambering.
Twist rate is 1 in 9. The barrels are chambered in the highly desireable .223 Wylde and therefore chambered for and suitable for firing either the Nato 5.56 designation or the .223 Remington commercial round.
The headspace is set and the barrel is tested for straightness using a 6” drop pin gage.
The steel barrel assemblies are Parkerized to eliminate rusting. Bolts machined from tool steel, hardened and tempered to provide maximum wear characteristics then Parkerized to eliminate rusting.
Bolt carriers machined from 8620 gun quality steel, heat treated and tempered to maximize strength and wear characteristics then Parkerized to eliminate rusting. These work great with our complete lowers...
The barrels on these are made from 4140 cold rolled steel and are rated at a barrel life of approximately 150,000 rounds. They are very top end.
They are not chrome lined as most AR-'s are not. Chrome lining on modern rifles is typically used where there is a high probability of corrosive ammo being used such as AK type rifles chambered for foreign calibers. Since chrome lining may slightly affect accuracy, and since most AR-15 rifles are designed with accuracy as a benchmark,
and since virtually all .223 / 5.56 NATO is non corrosive...most AR manufacturers do not chrome line barrels.
* No FFL required on the uppers as they are not the serial numbered part and not considered a firearm. These can ship directly to the end user.
JAKARTA (THE JAKARTA POST/ASIA NEWS NETWORK) - As the National Institute of Aeronautics and Space (LAPAN) is striving to achieve its goals to advance the country's technology and aeronautical field, it is facing an anachronistic problem that has been emerging recently: Flat Earth believers.
The group, which became a social media phenomenon last year, believes the Earth is flat instead of round. They often cite modern conspiracy theories, as well as literal, non-mainstream readings of the holy scriptures, as the basis of their statements.
Believers of the theory have been swarming LAPAN's social media accounts for months, including a Facebook group of which the institution head Thomas Djamaluddin is a member. Their only purpose: to challenge the simple fact that the Earth is spherical.
This has forced Thomas to purge the group of any users that push this archaic point of view, by deleting their comments and blocking them from the group.
"This attempt is meant to(keep) the discussion useful for others to learn (about aeronautics and space). The fairytale of a flat earth is a public duping attempt," Thomas wrote in the group on Oct. 9.
LAPAN spokesman Christianus Dewanto told The Jakarta Post on Tuesday (Oct 17) that he regretted the appearance of such challenging comments after LAPAN had welcomed flat-earthers to its offices for a discussion. "The discussion was intense," he said.
He referred to a meeting between Thomas and a representative from the Indonesian Flat Earth Society at LAPAN's offices in Jakarta late last year.
Thomas, who is an astronomy and astrophysics professor, discussed every subject under the sun with the flat-earth believer.
Among the topics discussed was the size of the sun, with the flat-earther arguing that the sun looks bigger in the morning. The professor stressed that the sun's size remains the same throughout the day; the apparent difference is created by the Earth's atmosphere refracting the light.
After the meeting, Thomas uploaded an 80-minute video containing the discussion on his blog.
Christianus said he understood this was all about mindset, and it would be a tough task to influence it. "We don't have a problem with that as we will provide them with scientific facts that are as clear as possible."
First expressed during the time of the Ancient Greeks, the flat-earth misconception has often reared its head over the centuries. The latest reappearance occurred last year when many people posted videos on YouTube, in which they claimed that the concept of a round Earth was part of a global conspiracy theory.
In Indonesia, the misconception has found its supporters, with a Facebook group named Indonesian Flat Earth Society having attracted more than 20,500 members, as of Tuesday.
However, media sociologist Ario Seto Hardjana from the University of Indonesia (UI) told the Post that it was an oversimplification to blame social media for the appearance of flat-earthers in Indonesia.
"This phenomenon could be the tip of the iceberg. There are several members of society who have yet to believe in science because of the inability of education institutions to teach the general public to be more rational."
The belief, Ario added, was catalysed by other members of society who had yet to exclude such baseless assumptions from the public discourse.
"We should be worried as this, among other similar things, could lead to a post-truth society phenomenon where scientific truth can be easily ignored."
