The thing about the slick-baseball theory is it's so easy to believe. To review, as quickly as possible: Pitchers believe the World Series baseball is different. Like, the actual baseball itself. They suspected it was kind of different earlier in the playoffs, but now they think it's more different. It's different by feeling more slick, more slippery. You can imagine how that could pose a problem. What are pitchers to do if they're not accustomed to their instrument?
So the idea goes, it's had a profound effect on sliders in particular. Anecdotally, you can get behind it, because we've seen some sliders get hit hard. But the other evidence is even more compelling. There's the blindfold test. There are pictures. And, simply, there are the pitchers, speaking their minds. Experienced pitchers, who you'd think would know what a baseball feels like more than anyone. This is more than just one or two guys. Tom Verducci spoke to players and coaches from both the Astros and the Dodgers. Why would you doubt what the pitchers have to say? Why would they just make this up?
I don't think they are making it up. I think pitchers do have a certain sense for things. I'd just like to present a graph.
This theory isn't universally believed. No theory is universally believed. Major League Baseball has already come out and said there's no difference in the balls, aside from the different postseason stamp. But that shouldn't do anything. Of course, MLB has every reason to try to deny something like this, so, perhaps more believably, there's Rich Hill.
The Dodgers' Rich Hill, who will oppose Verlander in Game 6 and throws more curveballs than sliders, said he thought the balls felt the same. “I think they've been extremely consistent in the World Series, and also in the playoff games as well,” Hill said, adding that he had not seen any variation in the seams of the ball, or the size. “I think it just has to do with the conditions. If it's colder, it's going to be slicker. If it's a little warmer out or humid, I think you're going to have a little bit more moisture to the baseballs.”
It's possible that Hill is outnumbered. Indeed, it seems probable that Hill is outnumbered. We can't know the opinions of the pitchers who haven't been asked, or who haven't shared their thoughts, unsolicited. Hill's a breaking-ball guy. Seems fastidious. You'd suppose he'd know if something was up, but then the exact same argument goes for Justin Verlander, who has detected something weird. Look, I don't know. It's just that the slick-ball theory isn't unopposed.
But we can look at some other numbers. We can do a little bit of indirect research. Pitchers will tell you what they think. There are two ways for them to share their thoughts. There is, of course, the spoken way. Providing background, or going on record. Several pitchers have opted for the spoken way. That's how Verducci composed his whole article. But then there's also on-field strategy. When the games are played, and especially when they're as important as the World Series is, players won't lie to you. They'll perform in the way they think will maximize their chances of winning. So this actually makes things really easy. There's a theory that the baseball is different, affecting sliders in particular. If sliders are worse, it stands to reason pitchers would throw them less often. Have pitchers changed how they're pitching?
I grabbed data from Brooks Baseball, using the classifications of pitches as hard, breaking, or offspeed. I looked at the World Series, I looked at the first two rounds of the playoffs, and I looked at the final month of the regular season. And for all these splits, I examined the 16 pitchers who have thrown at least 40 pitches in the World Series so far. On the low end, there are Tony Cingrani and Ken Giles, with 41 pitches. At the upper end, there's Clayton Kershaw, with 177. I calculated the weighted-average pitch frequencies, for all three time periods. Here's what came out.
There's just — there's not really much of anything there. The rate of hard pitches has gone from 63% to 62% to 64%. The rate of breaking balls in the World Series is down three percentage points from the first two rounds, but it's an exact match for the rate of breaking balls in the final stretch of the regular season. There's not much going on with offspeed pitches. Based on their words, some of the pitchers have indicated that their arsenals have been weakened. Based on how pitchers have pitched, it doesn't look like they've lost faith in their breaking stuff.
Now, it's worth remembering that every pitcher is different, and so every pitcher might be differently sensitive. Brad Peacock, for example, broke out this year in large part because of his slider, but in the World Series he's mostly left his slider on the shelf. On the other hand, Kershaw has thrown a higher rate of breaking balls in his two starts. As mediocre as his slider seemed in Game 5, it was great in Game 1. Game 1 of the World Series involved World Series baseballs.
Another point is that, well, perhaps it's not that breaking balls are most affected. Maybe all pitches are kind of equally affected. In which case, you wouldn't see changes in frequencies, because, what would be the purpose? Might as well pitch like normal and hope for the best.
There's one last possibility, as I see it: Maybe pitchers are stubborn. Maybe they've believed their breaking balls are worse, but they've forced them anyway, pitching against their own best interests. I'm disinclined to believe this explanation, but I should put it out there, in any case. Who knows? No one wants to have to pitch without their breaking balls. You try to make them happen. You try, and you cross your fingers.
I don't think it's all necessarily connected to how World Series offense has been up. Pitchers might complain no matter what. But the theory's more resonant with the balls we've all seen flying out of the yard. To which I'd respond, these are the two best offensive teams in the playoffs. The Astros are one of the better offensive teams in history. We know that the Crawford Boxes in Minute Maid Park allow for some silly home runs. And the game-time temperature for Game 1 in Los Angeles was 103 degrees. The game-time temperature for Game 2 was 93. Balls carry when it's hot. In the World Series, compared to the first two rounds, the Dodger lineup's strikeout rate is slightly up, and its walk rate is down. The Astros lineup's strikeout rate is the same, and its walk rate is down. Turn a few weak home runs into doubles or outs and suddenly this looks like a regular series.
There's nothing I think is strongly conclusive either way. I can't in good conscience dismiss what pitchers are saying about how the ball feels, but then, they're not all saying it. The hitting in the World Series has been mostly normal, overall, and pitchers, as a group, haven't meaningfully altered their pitch frequencies. It's complicated, and presently unknowable, and this is more of a bad thing for baseball, given there were already other concerns about how the ball has been playing. Baseball could stand to be a lot more transparent. But as for the World Series ball, specifically: I just don't know. Nothing's quite as certain as it seems.
By taking a couple of courses in economic theory, we could immunize ourselves from nonsense spouted by politicians and pundits, but in the meantime check out Professor John R. Lott's "Freedomnomics: Why the Free Market Works."
His first chapter is "Are You Being Ripped Off?" It addresses myths about predation where it's sometimes alleged that corporations will charge below-cost prices to bankrupt their rivals and then charge unconscionable prices. There's little or no evidence that corporations would choose predation as strategy; there are too many pitfalls. A major one is that in order to recoup losses from charging low prices to bankrupt rivals, the predator would later have to charge higher-than-normal prices. That would attract new rivals who might have purchased the bankrupt assets of the predator's prey and be able to undercut the predator's prices.
A far more successful means to monopoly wealth is for businesses to enlist the aid of congressmen to form a collusion. Classic examples are the dairy industry, which uses the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Federal Milk Marketing Orders to set statutory minimum prices, or the Gasoline Retailers Association using state law to do the same or the sugar industry using Congress to establish quotas on foreign sugar imports.
Professor Lott's chapter "Government as Nirvana" highlights examples of government predation. When the U.S. Postal Service raised the price of first-class mail in 1999, it reduced its price for domestic overnight express mail from $15 to $13.70, even though it was losing money at $15. The Postal Service was facing stiff competition from FedEx and UPS overnight services and wanted to keep its market share.
During the 1980s, private meteorology firms saw a chance to make money by selling television stations specialized forecasts that weren't provided by the National Weather Service. The National Weather Service started providing television stations the same services for free, thus driving private forecasting companies out of business.
Predation is observed in higher education. UCLA is both Lott's and my alma mater. It spends $40,000 per student but charges $6,522 tuition for in-state students. Such below-cost pricing gives public universities a significant competitive advantage over private universities. State universities have acquired many formerly private universities after driving, or threatening to drive, them out of business. Lott gives examples of George Mason University School of Law, University of Buffalo, University of Houston and University of Pittsburgh. In the case of University of Buffalo, the State University of New York reportedly threatened to open a public university across the street unless the University of Buffalo joined the state system.
The U.S. Department of Justice would go after a private business using similar predatory practices of intimidating its rivals and selling goods and services below cost. The U.S. Department of Commerce sanctions foreign companies accused of selling goods in the U.S. below cost with anti-dumping duties. If selling goods below cost is seen as unfair in the international arena, why is it not when it's done by government entities?
Hailed as miracle drugs when they hit the market two decades ago, statins, the cholesterol-lowering drugs prescribed to prevent heart attacks, are not as effective nor as safe as we have been led to believe, say Dr. David M. Diamond, a professor of psychology, molecular pharmacology and physiology at the University of South Florida, and Dr. Uffe Ravnskov, an independent health researcher and an expert in cholesterol and cardiovascular disease.
According to Diamond and Ravnskov, statins produce a dramatic reduction in cholesterol levels, but they have "failed to substantially improve cardiovascular outcomes." They further state that the many studies touting the efficacy of statins have not only neglected to account for the numerous serious adverse side effects of the drugs, but supporters of statins have used what the authors refer to as "statistical deception" to make inflated claims about their effectiveness.
Their critique of the exaggerated claims regarding statins' ability to prevent strokes, heart attacks and heart disease-related deaths on a large scale has been published in the medical journal Expert Review of Clinical Pharmacology.
Their paper is an analysis of the data in the statin trials which led them to conclude that "statin advocates have used statistical deception to create the illusion that statins are 'wonder drugs,' when the reality is that their modest benefits are more than offset by their adverse effects."
The paper also describes how the basis of the deception is in how authors of the statin studies present the rate of beneficial and adverse effects. The effect of the drugs on the population is called the 'absolute risk,' which has shown that statins benefit only about 1% of the population. This means that only one out of 100 people treated with a statin will have one less heart attack. Statin researchers, however, don't present the 1% effect to the public. Instead they transform the 1% effect using another statistic, called the "relative risk," which creates the appearance that statins benefit 30-50% of the population.
The exaggeration of beneficial effects of statin treatment was illustrated in their analysis of a subset of statin studies, including the Jupiter Trial (Crestor), the Anglo-Scandinavian Cardiac Outcomes Trial Lipid Lowering Arm (ASCOT-LLA), and the British Heart Protection Study.
"In the Jupiter trial, the public and healthcare workers were informed of a 54 percent reduction in heart attacks, when the actual effect in reduction of coronary events was less than 1 percentage point," said Ravnskov and Diamond, who is also a Career Research Scientist with the Medical Research Service at the James A. Haley Veterans Hospital in Tampa, Florida. "In the ASCOT-LLA study, which was terminated early because it was considered to have such outstanding results, there were heart attacks and deaths in 3% of the placebo (no treatment) group as compared to 1.9% in the Lipitor group. The improvement in outcome with Lipitor treatment was only 1.1 percentage point, but when this study was presented to the public, the advertisements used the inflated (relative risk) statistic, which transformed the 1.1% effect into a 36% reduction in heart attack risk.
The inflated claims for statin effectiveness, and minimized portrayal of the adverse effects, has played a role in the health care providers and the public's enthusiasm for cholesterol-lowering drugs, say the authors.
"The adverse effects suffered by people taking statins are more common than reported in the media and at medical conferences" explains Diamond and Ravnskov. According to the authors, "Increased rates of cancer, cataracts, diabetes, cognitive impairments and musculoskeletal disorders more than offset the modest cardiovascular benefits of statin treatment."
The authors emphasized that low cholesterol levels related to statin use have frequently been associated with an increased risk of cancer. They also noted that most statin trials are terminated within two to five years, a period too short to see most cancers develop. Nevertheless, studies have shown a greater incidence of cancer in people who take statins, and one long-term study demonstrated a dramatic increase in the incidence of breast cancer among women who had used statins for more than 10 years.
They emphasized that the public needs to be wary of conflicts of interest in the medical community and pharmaceutical industry when it comes to touting the benefits of statins and skewing the data in such a way as to make the drugs seem more effective at lowering cardiovascular disease and heart attack risks than they may actually be.
Diamond and Ravnskov's paper is particularly relevant at this time as reports out of Britain have revealed that leaders in health care and research, including the editor-in-chief of the British Medical Journal, Fiona Godlee, and the chair of Britain's Commons Health Select Committee, Sarah Wollaston, have called for drug companies to release all of their records involving undisclosed adverse effects of statins in their clinical trials.
"We welcome more medical journals to follow the new rules introduced by the British Medical Journal stating that 'clinical education articles will be authored by experts without financial ties to industry'," say Diamond and Ravnskov.
The authors advocate other health beneficial strategies that are known to reduce cardiovascular risk, such as cessation of smoking, weight control, exercise and stress reduction. They also emphasized the great value of a low carbohydrate diet for normalizing all of the biomarkers of cardiovascular risk, with excellent outcomes, especially for people with type 2 diabetes.
Diamond and Ravnskov concluded their paper with the sobering statement that "There is a great appeal to the public to take a pill that offers the promise of a longer life and to live heart attack free. The reality, however, is that statins actually produce only small beneficial effects on cardiovascular outcomes, and their adverse effects are far more substantial than is generally known."
Former Baylor center Isaiah Austin sits down with Holly Rowe to talk about his recent diagnosis with Marfan syndrome, a genetic disorder that affects the body's connective tissue and will end his playing career. (2:39)
Former Baylor Bears center Isaiah Austin, who saw his dreams of playing in the NBA abruptly come to a halt this week, has an insurance policy worth at least $1 million, his agent, Dwon Clifton, confirmed to ESPN.com.
"We will get through this week, and then we'll file the claim and get the ball rolling," Clifton said.
The 7-foot-1 Austin took out the insurance policy through the NCAA's elite athlete insurance program. A college basketball player typically pays about $5,000 per million, an insurance industry source said, and an athlete can collect the amount he is insured for only if he has a total disability that ends his career.
A pre-draft physical found that Austin has Marfan syndrome, a genetic disorder in which those who have it are discouraged from taking part in strenuous exercise to avoid overtaxing the heart.
Insurance policies that cover career-ending situations usually include a 12-month wait period as the insurer sees whether the athlete can make an attempt to recover. But Austin's case should be resolved sooner, since there's little debate over his diagnosis and doctors' recommendations.
Clifton said the policy would not have paid out if Austin's career ended due to his eyesight or his shoulder.
Austin has a prosthetic right eye and had surgery on his shoulder heading into his sophomore season this past fall.
Assuming Austin qualifies, and it is expected he should, he will not have to pay taxes on his insurance payout.
Austin was projected to be a mid- to late second-round pick in Thursday's draft.
Clad in dark sunglasses and a simple black suit, Agent Snickerdoodle looks more like a Blues Brother than a cookie connoisseur. But make no mistake, this young man is wowing college students as he delivers cookies in his spiffy disguise.
Snickerdoodle, who now only goes by his rather tasty-sounding moniker, wasn't always an undercover cookie agent. Until last year, he was a PhD chemistry student at the University of California San Diego (UCSD). Then, filled with an entrepreneurial spirit, he dropped out to launch his late-night "Secret Cookie Service."
Every night, students text or call Snickerdoodle, requesting his now famous on-campus cookies. He responds with a CETA (Cookie Estimated Time Of Arrival) and then personally -- with a similarly-dressed accomplice -- delivers the cookies, reports NBC San Diego.
Initially, the disguise wasn't just a business gimmick.
"It was terrifying leaving the program," Snickerdoodle told NBC San Diego. "I think a lot of people kind of looked down on it, like 'what am I doing?' And literally said I was nuts doing it."
Afraid to tell his family and friends of his decision to quit school, Snickerdoodle kept his plans and new business a secret from them for quite some time.
Not quite a secret anymore, Snickerdoodle's cookie business is booming and students at UCSD are cookie crazy.
"I get them a couple times a week," said student Amreeta Jammu of the cookie service. "Sometimes more than that. If I'm with friends, we'll order a whole bunch."
Now Agent Snickerdoodle is looking to expand his cookie empire.
“We continue to grow on UCSD's campus, but we're trying to reach out to the rest of La Jolla's region,” he told the La Jolla Light, referring to the San Diego resort community that encompasses UCSD.
Today's topic is which pronoun to use after the word "than, as in "Nobody is more excited about the Grammar Girl book than I!"Or is it "than me"? Listen up because Charles Carson is going to explain.
A few years ago around Easter, I saw a television ad for Cadbury Creme Eggs that said of the Cadbury Bunny, “No bunny knows Easter better than him.” While I appreciated the obvious word play—substituting no bunny knows for nobody knows—I was struck by the pronoun used at the end of the sentence. Remember, pronouns, such as him and he, come in different forms depending on whether the person or thing is the subject, the one doing the action, or the object, the target of the action. He is a subject pronoun, and him is an object pronoun.
With that in mind, let's look at the slogan in question: No bunny knows Easter better than him. I was taught long ago that than in this instance is a conjunction;* that is, it connects two complete sentences. Here it connects the first sentence, No bunny knows Easter better, to an implied second sentence, the Cadbury Bunny knows Easter to form the entire thought No bunny knows Easter better than he [knows Easter]. Using this interpretation, I believed that the sentence required the subject pronoun he--No bunny knows Easter better than he--not the objective pronoun him, because the pronoun took the place of the subject in the implied second sentence: the bunny.
Buy Now
A Grammar Rumble
Little did I know that I'd stumbled into a controversy that's been hotly debated since the eighteenth century: Is than always a conjunction, or is it sometimes a preposition? Remember, a preposition is a word that combines with a noun or pronoun to form a phrase that modifies an object or action, as in the prepositional phrases before class, by the book, and behind him. The noun or pronoun coupled with a preposition is called the "object of the preposition." So in the example behind him, the word him is the object of the preposition behind. And when you're using a pronoun as the object of the preposition, it must be in the object case. In other words, you use object pronouns such as him, her, and us. Behind him; behind her; behind us. Some people argue that than in the slogan No bunny knows Easter better than him is a preposition and, therefore, him is the correct pronoun. Let's call them "prepositionists."†
Conjunctionists
But there are also people who argue that than is a conjunction. Let's call them "conjunctionists." They maintain that the case of the pronoun after the word than is determined by its role in that implied second sentence we talked about before--The Cadbury Bunny knows Easter. The conjunctionists believe the correct sentence would be No bunny knows Easter better than he.
Here's another example. Conjunctionists would argue that the sentences Aardvark likes Squiggly more than I and Aardvark likes Squiggly more than me are both correct but have entirely different meanings. Both use than as a conjunction, but when you use the subject pronoun I, you're saying Aardvark likes Squiggly more than I [like Squiggly], and when you use the object pronoun me, you're saying Aardvark likes Squiggly more than [Aardvark likes] me. If than is a preposition, however, you would always use the objective pronoun me and then the same sentence would mean both things--you don't care for Squiggly as much as Aardvark does AND Aardvark prefers Squiggly to you. It would be unclear which of the two meanings were intended. Avoiding ambiguity awards a point to the conjunctionists.
The conjunctionists also have history on their side. According to the Merriam-Webster's Dictionary of English Usage (1), than has been used as a subordinating conjunction since Old English. It didn't start appearing as a preposition followed by an object pronoun until the sixteenth century. Examples can be found in the works of Shakespeare and Swift.‡
Prepositionists
However, a thorn in the side of conjunctionists is the phrase than whom; both sides of the debate agree than who just sounds wrong and recommend than whom in all cases, as in the question You were faster than whom? Whom is an object pronoun, so if than whom is always correct, why not than him and than us? Score one for the people who think than is sometimes a preposition.
Also in support of the prepositionist, Arnold Zwicky (2), on the American Dialect Society listserv, points out that it's possible in informal speech to “strand” than at the end of a sentence, as in He's the one who I'm faster than. And, while it's sometimes possible to end a sentence with a preposition, it's not possible to end it with a conjunction.
Pages
Sweden and Finland have taken part in their first-ever Nato foreign ministers' meeting.
The Swedish foreign minister, Margot Wallstroem, and Finnish foreign minister, Timo Soini, in Brussels on Friday (20 May) sat at the same table as their 28 Nato counterparts in three-hour long talks on forging closer Nato-EU ties.
Bilateral ties with US celebrated at last week's White House meeting (Photo: Reuters)
Their participation was hailed as a sign that the two non-aligned countries are moving closer to Nato and US security structures.
"This illustrates both, the importance of Nato and EU cooperation and the vital role of Sweden and Finland on issues of common concern, such as hybrid threats and the security situation in the Baltic Sea," said Nato secretary general and former Norwegian PM Jens Stoltenberg.
"We need more EU involvement in Nato exercises and more Nato involvement in EU exercises," he added.
A Nato official told EUobserver that the two Nordic nations had in the past taken part in “different formats” of Nato meetings.
“Our close partnership for over two decades has benefited Nato, Finland and Sweden. We are partners in security. We share common values and security concerns”, the official said.
Full membership of Nato is not on the cards in Sweden or Finland.
The Swedish ruling coalition, composed of Social Democrats and Greens, would collapse if the move was proposed due to the Greens' fierce opposition to Nato.
In Finland most people are against Nato membership, according to polls.
Russia has also made clear that it would treat the step as a hostile act.
The Nato official said: “There is a debate ongoing in Finland and Sweden. It would be inappropriate to interfere”.
But the official said that if they opted to join “this would not be too difficult for two such capable and committed countries.”
US alternative
Given the political context, one alternative is closer ties with the US, the principal Nato power.
"There is emerging an alternative to Nato membership and that is a direct bilateral defence relationship with the United States," Tomas Ries, a scholar at The Swedish Defence University in Stockholm, told this website.
The security debate arose after Russia invaded Crimea and east Ukraine.
Last year, it also held war games that simulated an invasion of the Baltic states.
Ries said that the Baltic nations and Poland had warned allies about Russian revanchism for a long time “but nobody listened to them in Nato.”
He said the Russian war game “was very depressing” because it showed that “right now, neither Nato nor the United States can defend the Baltic states”.
He added that if Russian leader “[Vladimir] Putin were to invade, then Nato would break - because Article 5 would crash.”
Article 5 is Nato's mutual defence clause. If Russia attacked Estonia or Latvia, for instance, and Nato did not launch a counterstrike then the article - which forms the heart of the alliance - would lose its meaning.
Lack of political cohesion inside Nato has worried Washington and the Baltic capitals.
This has led to US interest in building direct relations with the Nordic and Baltic region over the past year, the Swedish defence scholar said.
"If Nato as a whole can't agree, then at least one can establish a small coalition of the willing that would engage”, Ries said.
Red carpet
There are other signs that the US is cultivating relations with Sweden and Finland.
A few weeks ago, the US airforce, also for the first time, held a joint exercise in Finland.
US diplomacy reached a high last week when president Barack Obama rolled out the red carpet for a White House visit by the five Nordic countries' leaders.
In a statement after the summit, they voiced joint concern about "Russia's growing military presence in the Baltic Sea region, its nuclear posturing, its undeclared exercises, and the provocative actions taken by Russian aircraft and naval vessels."
They also said there should be an "appropriate dialogue with Russia to be maintained to enhance transparency and reduce risk."
My co-workers apparently like getting me riled up, which is precisely how a YouTube video titled “INVISIBLE INK PRANK! (EPIC FREAKOUT)” made its way into my possession around 7 p.m. on Easter Sunday.
It's the work of Mike “DaddyOFive” Martin who, along with his Damascus, Maryland family, has a penchant for posting “prank” videos along numerous social media sites. (See here, here and here).
You can watch the six-and-a-half minute video below, but be forewarned, despite the appearance of young children therein, it's a NSFW endeavor.
The scene starts with MommyOFive showing off some invisible ink that she intends to “squirt all over (the) carpet and start flipping out” to really get young Cody's goose.
The inspiration, she reminds folks who've “seen our videos,” is that the youngster once got ink all over the carpet. Since they had to pay someone to come clean the ink up, this prank seems like a fun little bit of revenge to her.
The camera then pans to a scene that can best be described as “Uno cards strewn about a bloody crime scene,” because nothing is better for parents to do than put the fear of Christ into their youngsters, issherite?!?
Then, you hear the lovely lady bellowing, “Get your f***ing a** up here.”
“What the f***…” she continues before DaddyOFive finishes the sentence with “did you do?”
“WHAT THE F***??????” continue her horrible shrieks, reminiscent of a scene that draws child-protective services in many instances.
From there, we have a young child cornered by screaming, angry parents. You can practically see his heart pounding through his chest. He swears to God he didn't spill the ink. He's fighting back tears until they start flowing as mommy and daddy start talking about how he “f***ing did this before.”
The screaming, cursing, threats of punishment and tormenting don't stop for a good four minutes. That's when that horrible, horrible mother tells the kids that SURPRISE, IT'S JUST INVISIBLE INK! HARDY HAR HAR. WE GOT YOU GOOD, OFFSPRING!
“It's just a prank, brah,” says DaddyOFive. “You guys got pranked hard.”
“They did!” responds MommyOFive, offering a celebratory jig.
These parents – bolstering a prank video brand that includes their kids as characters – keep maniacally laughing as the victims try to come to grips with what just happened.
It closes with young Cody having to “thank (viewers) for watching this video” and inviting people to follow them on social media and comment on it.
Comment, people did. While some defended the “artists” behind the video, many folks felt the same way I did. Specifically, that it was just a flat-out horrendous thing to do to children. And that the parents should be ashamed of themselves.
Long ago, I decided that it's folly to judge how other people raise their children. Each family is different. There are few blanket rules. However – and fully admitting that my son has unfortunately profited by 25 cents each time he hears his daddy use a “bad word” – among the blanket rules that do apply is this: Don't torment your children.
That's what's so patently offensive about this April 12 “prank” video that not only warranted a “This video is for entertainment purposes only no child was harmed in the making of this video” disclaimer, but an April 16 “BLOCKING ALL THE HATERS!” response video.
Because, yeah, sure, people who were offended by your horrendous treatment of children are the ones in the wrong. Not mommy and daddy, who think it's totally normal to build an “online brand” by making your children fear for their lives.
In any event, the goateed daddy starts with the “don't normally do this” disclaimer but “all sorts of hate on my social media” changed the rules of engagement.
He's supported by kid and wife relying on the “just a prank, bro” defense against people who just “don't see the humor in it.” Soon, Cody admits he doesn't even know what “traumatized” means, but he wasn't. Mommy then has the kids admit that they prank their parents, too!
“People were saying a lot of mean things about us because we're such terrible parents because we pranked ya,” mommy then says.
“You cry when you get pranked,” the daughter then says. “So what? It's not child abuse.”
Their defensiveness is as difficult to watch as the original video, particularly when they rely on the “if they don't like our channel, why do they watch us and take the time to comment?”
It goes on along those lines for a while. You can watch the response to “haters who cause us problems and try to embarrass us and embarrass them and try to ruin our lives” below:
Here's the thing: The people commenting on the video aren't the ones in the wrong. The parents who think it's OK to behave like this, they are wrong, particularly when children are used as shields.
It's one thing when a prank is funny. It's another thing when it isn't and, in the process of not being funny, it makes kids uncomfortable if even for a couple minutes.
I don't care if those kids – as mommy claims – hear worse words in music.
I don't care if they run to the defense of their family's online-branding efforts, either.
What I care about is this: The haters didn't embarrass those children, their parents did. To claim otherwise is deflecting blame.
The world is tough enough as it is these days. The last thing kids need is to be used as blooper-reel props by the people whose main job on earth is to raise and protect them.
Shame on them both. And if you see this, Daddy and MommyOFive, please block me on all social media (my name is my handle).
My world was a better place before I saw your invisible ink prank, and yours will too if you take a moment of self-reflection to realize that making your kids cry for laughing strangers is horrendously callow.
Anosmia Synonym Loss of smell Inflamed nasal mucosa causing anosmia Pronunciation Specialty Otorhinolaryngology
Anosmia[a] is the inability to perceive odor or a lack of functioning olfaction—the loss of the sense of smell. Anosmia may be temporary, but some forms such as those from an accident can be permanent. Anosmia is due to a number of factors, including an inflammation of the nasal mucosa, blockage of nasal passages or a destruction of one temporal lobe. Inflammation is due to chronic mucosa changes in the paranasal sinus lining and the middle and superior turbinates.
When anosmia is caused by inflammatory changes in the nasal passageways, it is treated simply by reducing inflammation.[1] It can be caused by chronic meningitis and neurosyphilis that would increase intracranial pressure over a long period of time,[2] and in some cases by ciliopathy[3] including ciliopathy due to primary ciliary dyskinesia (Kartagener syndrome, Afzelius' syndrome or Siewert's syndrome).[4]
Many patients may experience unilateral anosmia, often as a result of minor head trauma. This type of anosmia is normally only detected if both of the nostrils are tested separately. Using this method of testing each nostril separately will often show a reduced or even completely absent sense of smell in either one nostril or both, something which is often not revealed if both nostrils are simultaneously tested.[5]
A related term, hyposmia, refers to a decreased ability to smell, while hyperosmia refers to an increased ability to smell. Some people may be anosmic for one particular odor. This is known as "specific anosmia". The absence of the sense of smell from birth is called congenital anosmia.
Signs and symptoms [ edit ]
Anosmia can have a number of harmful effects. Patients with sudden onset anosmia may find food less appetizing, though congenital anosmics rarely complain about this, and none report a loss in weight. Loss of smell can also be dangerous because it hinders the detection of gas leaks, fire, and spoiled food. The common view of anosmia as trivial can make it more difficult for a patient to receive the same types of medical aid as someone who has lost other senses, such as hearing or sight.
Losing an established and sentimental smell memory (e.g. the smell of grass, of the grandparents' attic, of a particular book, of loved ones, or of oneself) has been known to cause feelings of depression.[6]
Loss of olfaction may lead to the loss of libido, though this usually does not apply to congenital anosmics.[6]
Often people who have congenital anosmia report that they pretended to be able to smell as children because they thought that smelling was something that older/mature people could do, or did not understand the concept of smelling but did not want to appear different from others. When children get older, they often realize and report to their parents that they do not actually possess a sense of smell, often to the surprise of their parents.[citation needed]
A study done on patients suffering from anosmia found that when testing both nostrils, there was no anosmia revealed; however, when testing each nostril individually, tests showed that the sense of smell was usually affected in only one of the nostrils as opposed to both. This demonstrated that unilateral anosmia is not uncommon in anosmia patients.[5]
Causes [ edit ]
A temporary loss of smell can be caused by a blocked nose or infection. In contrast, a permanent loss of smell may be caused by death of olfactory receptor neurons in the nose or by brain injury in which there is damage to the olfactory nerve or damage to brain areas that process smell (see olfactory system). The lack of the sense of smell at birth, usually due to genetic factors, is referred to as congenital anosmia. Family members of the patient suffering from congenital anosmia are often found with similar histories; this suggests that the anosmia may follow an autosomal dominant pattern.[7] Anosmia may very occasionally be an early sign of a degenerative brain disease such as Parkinson's disease and Alzheimer's disease.
Another specific cause of permanent loss could be from damage to olfactory receptor neurons because of use of certain types of nasal spray; i.e., those that cause vasoconstriction of the nasal microcirculation. To avoid such damage and the subsequent risk of loss of smell, vasoconstricting nasal sprays should be used only when absolutely necessary and then for only a short amount of time. Non-vasoconstricting sprays, such as those used to treat allergy-related congestion, are safe to use for prescribed periods of time.[8] Anosmia can also be caused by nasal polyps. These polyps are found in people with allergies, histories of sinusitis & family history. Individuals with cystic fibrosis often develop nasal polyps.
Amiodarone is a drug used in the treatment of arrhythmias of the heart. A clinical study performed demonstrated that the use of this drug induced anosmia in some patients. Although rare, there was a case in which a 66-year-old male was treated with Amiodarone for ventricular tachycardia. After the use of the drug he began experiencing olfactory disturbance, however after decreasing the dosage of Amiodarone, the severity of the anosmia decreased accordingly hence correlating the use of Amiodarone to the development of anosmia.[9]
List of causes [ edit ]
Diagnosis [ edit ]
Anosmia can be diagnosed by doctors by using acetylcysteine tests. Doctors will begin with a detailed elicitation of history. Then the doctor will ask for any related injuries in relation to anosmia which could include upper respiratory infections or head injury. Psychophysical Assessment of order and taste identification can be used to identify anosmia. A nervous system examination is performed to see if the cranial nerves are damaged.[29] The diagnosis as well as the degree of impairment can now be tested much more efficiently and effectively than ever before thanks to "smell testing kits" that have been made available as well as screening tests which use materials that most clinics would readily have.[30] Occasionally, after accidents, there is a change in a patient's sense of smell. Particular smells that were present before are no longer present. On occasion, after head traumas, there are patients who have unilateral anosmia. The sense of smell should be tested individually in each nostril.[5]
Many cases of congenital anosmia remain unreported and undiagnosed. Since the disorder is present from birth the individual may have little or no understanding of the sense of smell, hence is unaware of the deficit.[31] It may also lead to reduction of appetite.[32]
Treatment [ edit ]
Though anosmia caused by brain damage cannot be treated, anosmia caused by inflammatory changes in the mucosa may be treated with glucocorticoids. Reduction of inflammation through the use of oral glucocorticoids such as prednisone, followed by long term topical glucocorticoid nasal spray, would easily and safely treat the anosmia. A prednisone regimen is adjusted based on the degree of the thickness of mucosa, the discharge of oedema and the presence or absence of nasal polyps.[1] However, the treatment is not permanent and may have to be repeated after a short while.[1] Together with medication, pressure of the upper area of the nose must be mitigated through aeration and drainage.[33]
Anosmia caused by a nasal polyp may be treated by steroidal treatment or removal of the polyp.[34]
Although very early in development, gene therapy has restored a sense of smell in mice with congenital anosmia when caused by ciliopathy. In this case a genetic condition had affected cilia in their bodies which normally enabled them to detect air-borne chemicals, and an adenovirus was used to implant a working version of the IFT88 gene into defective cells in the nose, which restored the cilia and allowed a sense of smell.[35][36]
See also [ edit ]
Phantosmia
Hyperosmia
Hyposmia
Parosmia
Anosmia Awareness Day
Zicam, a medicine that caused some users to permanently lose their sense of smell
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
The current first team coach has held talks with King to take up the role on a long-term basis.
SNS Group
Dave King has held talks with Stuart McCall over the position of Rangers first team manager next season.
STV understands the Ibrox chairman spoke to the coach this week in the club's search to find a long-term appointment.
At the meeting the two spoke about transfer targets for the coming summer transfer window as well as a number of off the field targets for the club.
McCall is part of a five-man shortlist for the position, which is believed to include Mark Warburton, Derek McInnes, Ian Cathro and Billy Davies.
At a press conference on Monday the South African businessman confirmed that McCall was still part of the shortlist, before dismissing any previous held talks with former Brentford manager Warburton.
He said: ”Stuart is still involved as a possible candidate. I haven't spoken to [Warburton] but I think there are a number of candidates that the committee have spoken to and we're certainly hoping to make progress possibly within a week.
"I think at the moment there are probably five realistic candidates that might fit the bill. Obviously with a club like Rangers there are a lot of names that might come forward, but it's important that we balance the obvious need to make an appointment with getting it right.”
He added: "We're looking for an appointment to see us through the next three years. I think it's important that the person has the right level of authority to meet our objectives as a club over the next three seasons.
"The immediate mandate to the manager is to bring in a number of players who are good enough to play in the Premiership over the next few months.”
McCall has been in charge of the Rangers first team since March, leading the team to third place in the Championship table before failing to win promotion to the Scottish top tier.
Our lucky 13th update on Mine Blower has a climbing lift and more!
As you can see from the video, there is a lot new to see this week and we start with the station. Loading/ safety gates are being installed on the platform as it continues progress:
The bigger and taller news is the lift hill reaching its peak height of 83 feet:
Next to the lift, is the first big drop, which has started receiving some baseboard work for track:
Looking at this angle, we see where both the lift (left) and the drop (right) currently leave off in the current progress:
We also spotted some new supports in what I've nicknamed quiet corner for its lack of progress, until recently. This turn will be where the inversion comes out.
From these shots we see where the inversion starts and then rolls to the right of forward motion and comes out in the above supports. The inversion is not installed yet, but imagine it twisting right over top of the station roof:
From there the coaster will make a wide turn and head into the double down which has some new supports going up (right) this week. We also notice more development on other structure to the left of that:
Out of the double-down we head in to a high-speed cross-section. That area of the track looks very ready for steel rails and even its up-stop rails:
Next the astonishing 90-degree banked turn is next and hasn't seen much progress lately:
From that end of the site, we see lots more supports that weave through the structure:
Moving to the other end we get a great overall shot of the coaster and where lots of sections leave off:
Finally, nothing new from the supply lots this week.
For the best coverage and most informational updates stay with us and follow via our social pages to see updates as they happen:
SPOILER ALERT: Do not read ahead if you have not watched the midseason finale of “How to Get Away With Murder,” titled “Who's Dead?” which aired on Thursday, Nov. 17.
This midseason finale of “How To Get Away With Murder” finally revealed who was under the sheet: it was Wes (Alfred Enoch).
The shocking death was followed by yet another shocker — Wes was dead before the night of the house fire. (For a more detailed recap of tonight's episode, click here.)
The bombshell about Wes' death sets up the central mystery for the back-half of Season 3: who killed Wes?
“The mystery really is who killed Wes, and within that, there are a lot of twists and turns,” creator Pete Nowalk tells Variety, teasing what to expect in the second half of the season, which will return on Jan. 19. While that mystery will consume the rest of Season 3, Nowalk promises that viewers will begin to get answers as soon as the show returns in 2017. “We're going to see what happened to him right as we left him in the first episode back, so we're going to turn over the cards pretty quickly.”
And everything will change, now that Wes is dead.
Related How 'Empire,' 'How to Get Away With Murder,' 'Pose' Are Furthering the Conversation Around HIV and AIDS Governors Awards: Cicely Tyson Looks Back on a Groundbreaking Career
“One of the things that we're going to watch is that it's very emotional for all of the characters so they're going to either kill each other or have to love each other,” he says with a laugh. (But, this is “How To Get Away With Murder,” so maybe Nowalk isn't kidding.) “It changes the dynamic between every single relationship because Wes was such a centerpiece.”
Here, Pete Nowalk talks to Variety about the decision to kill off Wes, how much we'll continue to see Wes in episodes going forward, plus, how will Annalise do in jail?
When did you decide Wes was the one under the sheet?
I didn't know until [working on] episode seven, which was when we were premiering…I would go with my gut and talk about it with the writers…When we revealed that Wes was alive in that interrogation room, that's when I knew that it should be him. But I put off the decision for as long as I could.
Why Wes?
It's not about the shock value. It's about the story and what puts the character though hell — honestly that's what you look for…I wanted to see how [Annalise] would react to his, and it's going to be really gripping. The things that Viola gets to do now, it's just going to be really f—ed up.
Can you tease those f—ed up things Annalise (Viola Davis) will do?
Oh it's going to be good. One of the things that Viola's always pushing me to do is go even more rock bottom. To see how Annalise copes in prison, she's going to have to put on a whole different mask…she's going to have to cope in different ways. Prisons are over-crowded — she's got some cellmates. She's excited to play it and that's how I always know if we're going in the right direction because I don't think Annalise wants to be in jail…And it's not going to be easy to get out of this one.
How long will she be in jail for?
She'll be in there maybe longer than people think.
Will we still see Wes in the second half of Season 3?
Yes. That was one of the things that made me feel better about the decision, and also for the audience…the Wes fans, especially. We're going to have to reveal what happened after he walked out those doors so it's a lovely story-telling technique that never makes me have to say goodbye to people, like we still see Sam (Tom Verica) once in a while, and I'm sure we'll see Rebecca (Katie Findlay) one day. He'll be in the rest of the season, basically. And who knows beyond — if we'll have another season, or if we'll go to prequels or something.
Have you thought about if Wes/Alfie Enoch would be a series regular in Season 4, should the show get renewed?
No. That's the only way I know how to do the job is just to do episode-to-episode.
What was your conversation like with Alfie when you told him that he was being killed off?
He's a dream. It's the hardest decision I had to make in the show, but all the actors are just so professional. He smiled and told me he thought it was a good idea…Alfie is just the most gracious, professional, generous person. I think he instantly felt bad for the rest of the cast because I think they're all so close…it was weird. I put them through a really weird experience…it was kind of like an awful reality show that we put them through. I think they were obviously really upset and that made me feel like a jerk.
Are you worried about how the fans will react to Wes being killed off?
I'm more emotionally invested in this than anything. I think the fans are going to be really mad and some will be really sad.
Do you know who killed Wes? Is that a pre-determined plan, or is it still in the works?
Honesty, I'm still thinking everything…a little bit. We only have four episodes left to write, so I have to get to where I want to go, but I'm willing to change my mind…anything is possible. It could be anyone of those knuckleheads, or it could be someone from outside, too.
Is it possible that maybe Wes killed himself?
Everything is possible.
Most people are assuming that the father of Laurel's (Karla Souza) baby is Wes. When will we know?
We'll find that out in the first episode back, as well. I didn't want to do “Bridget Jones' Baby” for too long. Laurel has a huge decision.
One of the most emotional scenes was when Meggy (Corbin Reid) and Laurel embraced each other in the hospital, as they watched the news and found out that Wes was dead. Can we expect to see more Meggy?
Meggy, she works in the hospital where Laurel will have to be for a little bit, so she's definitely not going away. And I think the police will want to talk to her.
It was such a moment of relief when Connor (Jack Falahee) walked into the hospital because Oliver (Conrad Ricamora) assumed he was dead. Any chance they will get back together?
I think for sure. Obviously Oliver's big question is that he knows a lot more now…I think Oliver has a lot of power now to ruin them all or to help them. Also, he's normal, so how is he going to react to this in a way that's normal? It's kind of refreshing. In terms of their relationship, the drama of who slept with whom, I think that's must less important than the police after them.
#WhoKilledWes will be the central mystery of the new episodes, but what other storylines can we expect to be resolved?
There are still relationships that are fractured, like Annalise and Frank (Charlie Weber) — we still don't know what's going to happen to them.
Will there be new mysteries that come up, or will the back-half of the season mostly be wrapping everything else up?
If there's a new mystery, that would be at the end of the season.
In terms of the format of the back-half of the season, will you still use the flash-forward technique?
It will change. It won't be so consistently flash-forwards. If anything, we'll just be doing flashbacks to the hours between when Wes left the police station and the fire. It's basically like what the heck happened to him in those few hours?
There are glimmers of promise, just as always. The Xperia X packages together a nice design, decent enough camera, beautiful 5-inch screen, and a clean Android experience. And yet the entire thing gets derailed by middling performance that makes the $550 price feel ludicrous and a lack of any one legitimate “wow” factor. For Samsung, it's build quality and camera. For HTC, it's craftsmanship. For Huawei, it's exceeding price expectations. But Sony? This company can't seem to make a smartphone that breaks through. And the Xperia X loses out on Sony hallmarks like water resistance; in the United States, it even bizarrely omits a fingerprint scanner, which has fast become the convenient-if-not-very-secure method of unlocking our phones.
Sony's smartphone business is in dire need of a reboot — something to jumpstart the company's mobile ambitions after years of being ignored by US carriers. Competitors like Samsung and Huawei are producing the very best devices they've ever made while Sony has been dealing with having its phone outright cancelled . The refrain is getting tired, and success still eludes, which brings us to the Xperia X. This is Sony's latest try at that resurgence, this time marked by the company taking its US ventures a little more seriously, launching both here and in Europe simultaneously.
The Xperia X does look like a Sony phone at all angles, at least. The display glass curves some at the edges, with dual front-facing speakers at the top and bottom. Flip everything around and you're met with a big ‘ol metal rectangle with the Xperia logo, the 23-megapixel camera plus flash, and absolutely nothing else. It's a departure from the glass-metal-glass sandwich that Sony's flagships have long held to, and as a result doesn't exude quite the same premium feel. But to give Sony credit where it's due, this also means the X is far less breakable from everyday drops. Sony can avoid unsightly antenna lines — often a compromise of metal phones — since the sides are actually polycarbonate, not aluminum. The plastic blends in just fine with the X's overall design and feels silky in hand, but my review unit picked up a small nick within a week of testing, so it may be a little too soft. On the right side is an indented power button (housing the fingerprint sensor on the European edition of the X), volume rocker, and a dedicated camera shutter, with a combined SIM / microSD tray over on the left. The Xperia X sticks with Micro USB and includes 32GB of built-in storage with optional microSD expansion up to 200GB. As for what's inside, you get a middle-of-the-line Snapdragon 650 processor and 3GB of RAM. The removal of the fingerprint scanner in the US Xperia X is a truly baffling decision since fingerprint-based security is becoming way more common across apps — especially on Android 6.0 Marshmallow, which is what's included here. This device is being sold unlocked (and for $550), so why should there be any differences between an Xperia X purchased in Europe and another in the US? You'll absolutely miss it every time you have to thumb in a PIN code. I did. The lack of water resistance also necessitates that you be more cautious about exactly where and when you use the Xperia X. Its pricier and more powerful sibling, the Xperia X Performance, will offer both of these things when it launches in July for $699, but the mainstream consumer-focused handset doesn't. Leaving out waterproofing is one thing, but no fingerprint sensor really hurts The best aspect of the Xperia X hardware is undoubtedly the display. It's only Full HD, sure, but since the screen is only 5 inches, that still makes for excellent sharpness. It's bright, lush with color (highlighted by Sony's beautiful wallpapers), and has great viewing angles. Sony likes tossing out nonsense terminology like "Triluminous Display" and "X-Reality," but the end result here is one of the better LCDs you'll find. It's just a shame that this same quality doesn't extend to the phone's camera.
Inside the Xperia X is a 23-megapixel f/2.0 camera using Sony's Exmor RS sensor. According to Sony, this year's standout feature is Predictive Hybrid Autofocus. The claim is that just like one of Sony's excellent mirrorless cameras, the X lets you tap on an object to lock in focus, and your camera will track it, anticipating the subject's path so that every shot you capture is in focus and blur-free. That's a big ask, and Sony's execution doesn't live up to it. The tracking comes nowhere close to a full-blown Sony camera like the A6300, but even compared to other phones, the Xperia doesn't stand out as particularly impressive. As for picture quality, it's fairly strong in good to decent light situations. Sony's intelligent auto mode is pretty great, and you can more often than not trust it to apply the right settings without having to dig into the camera's manual settings. In darker scenes, the lack of optical image stabilization hurts results. If your hands aren't particularly steady, you'll get blurry shots. Video recording is limited to 1080p, though Sony's SteadyShot digital stabilization does a decent job of smoothing things out. The front-facing 13-megapixel camera is adequate, which is all you really want from the selfie shooter. Overall, the Xperia X's camera setup will do what you need it to in many situations, but it's not any real reason to consider this phone over another — especially when you can get a Nexus 6P and its tremendous camera performance for a lower starting price. Sony does deserve kudos for walking back its Android customizations in a big way. The version of Marshmallow that ships on the X is very close to stock and identical in key places like quick settings and notifications. Sony's got a number of apps (email, music, video, etc.) that mirror Google's better and more popular options — and this Xperia comes with nonsense like AVG Protection preinstalled. Sony's got a number of apps (email, music, video, etc.) that mirror Google's better and more popular options — and this Xperia comes with nonsense like AVG Protection preinstalled. Thankfully all of it can be disabled, and as a whole, the software experience that you get is fluid and responsive. The Snapdragon 650 chipset isn't a barnburner, and you'll notice lag and stutters when playing the latest games. The camera app can also be frustratingly slow at times, despite Sony's claims of how quickly it can fire off a shot. The Xperia X Performance and its Snapdragon 820 will probably resolve these qualms, but the camera annoyances need to be fixed here, also. Most other essentials work fine, and I don't think Sony's decision to go with 3GB of RAM versus 4GB has any real direct consequence. Battery life is also a strength. The 2,620mAh battery does an admirable job of pushing through a full day of heavy usage, though Sony's estimate of "up to two days" of longevity is a fairy tale. Maybe if you're only casually using the phone, it'll last one day and through most of the next. But most people will be plugging it in at bedtime. Sony claims the Xperia X's quick charging can get you up to 5.5 hours of power "in 10 minutes," so you can top off quickly during the day if you forgot to charge it up the previous night.
Vikings free agent left guard Charlie Johnson said by phone today that he remains in communication with the Vikings but has been told to look around first before the two sides talk further.
"I guess the one thing I can say is the ship hasn't sailed, but they're willing to let me go out and see what other options are out there," Johnson said. "Once that happens, we'll go back to them and go from there."
Johnson said he and his agent have lined up interested teams, but wouldn't elaborate.
"Right now, we're at about five different teams that we're in communication with," he said. "Other than that, we want to keep it close to the vest right now."
Johnson came to the Vikings in late summer 2011 during a hurried-up free agency period that was condensed because of the NFL lockout that year.
"It's a little strange because the first time I was a free agent, I didn't have this much time to be patient and look at different options," Johnson said. "It's definitely a blessing, but at the same time, you'd like to know what's going to happen and know whether I'm going back to Minnesota or moving in another direction."
Johnson has started 48 out of 49 games, including one playoff contest, since joining the Vikings. He started 16 games at left tackle in 2011 and has started at left guard for every game but one since then.
Currently, the Vikings have two players on their roster who could start at left guard: Joe Berger, who backs up all three interior line spots, and Jeff Baca, who was a sixth-round draft pick a year ago.
"It's been an interesting couple of days," Johnson said. "Just looking to see what's out there. That's about it. We'll see what happens. By the end of this week, I'll know what's going on."
Johnson said he's not upset that the Vikings have chosen to let him explore his options first.
"It's just business," he said. "They have a plan in place and my people and myself have a plan in place. That's just the way it is. I've been around eight years and have had a lot of friends and teammates go through the same situation. So I know how it works. Ultimately, it will get figured out one way or the other."
OGDEN, UTAH—USA Weightlifting's national event series will return to the Beehive State April 19-22, 2018 when Weber State University hosts the Nike USA Weightlifting Nike National University & Under 25 Championships powered by Rogue Fitness.
This is the second time Weber State's Wildcat Center in Ogden, Utah will host the event.
“We are pleased to once again return to Utah for another Championship," USA Weightlifting CEO Phil Andrews said. "The support we have seen over the past several years from Weber State University and the wider Utah community is a large reason why we are now returning to the state for our fourth event in five years.”
The annual competition determines the Strongest College in America, and is the primary qualification the International University Sports Federation (FISU)/International Weightlifting Federation (IWF) World University Championships to be held in Biala Podlaska, Poland in September.
Weber State University has its own weightlifting club and offers tuition waivers to national-level athletes and above, having begun the university's involvement in 2013. The Ogden-based school saw bringing the National University Championships to the campus as a logical next step for its program.
“Weber State University is excited to once again host University Nationals," Matthew Barker, Weber State's head weightlifting coach said. "The State of Utah has a terrific reputation for hosting incredibly well run National events and this meet will undoubtedly add to that reputation. We intend to make 2018 University Nationals an even better experience than 2015. We hope that athletes, coaches and spectators will enjoy the immense hospitality that Weber State University and the City of Ogden has to offer.”
The event will feature three existing and established programs such as the United States Olympic Training Site at East Tennessee State University, the U.S. Olympic Education Center at Northern Michigan University and the USA Weightlifting High Performance Center at Louisiana State University at Shreveport.
“With Ogden having previously hosted the event in 2015, we are thrilled to have the University Nationals return in '18. This event continues to build our brand as 'The State of Sport' and we welcome all the athletes, coaches, and fans to Utah,” - Jeff Robbins, president and CEO of the Utah Sports Commission.
Athletes will stay in downtown Ogden at the Courtyard by Marriott Ogden and Ben Lomond Suites, each priced at $119 per night, while sauna facilities will be provided at the Solomon Center, which also features plenty of activities for athletes to engage once they have competed.
Weber State University, with support from Visit Ogden and the Utah Sports Commission, will provide regular transportation between downtown Ogden and the University campus.
2018 National University & Under 25 Championships
April 19-22, 2018
Weber State University - Ogden, Utah
Event page with registration, hotel links coming soon!
Qualifying Period: March 25, 2017 - March 25, 2018
Registration Deadline: March 29, 2018
MEN
Weight
Category Total 56kg 151kg 62kg 176kg 69kg 215kg 77kg 240kg 85kg 248kg 94kg 254kg 105kg 258kg +105kg 260kg
WOMEN
Freud's central theories explained in the context of modern therapy.
Often overlooked because he is so easy to mock, ridicule, or just plain misunderstand, Freud introduced many techniques for clinical practice that are still widely employed today. Yet surprisingly, there has never been a clinical introduction to Freud's work that might be of use to students and professionals in their everyday lives and careers. Until now.
Bruce Fink, who is his generation's most respected translator of Lacan's work and a profound interpreter of Freud's, has written the definitive clinical introduction to Freud. This book presents Freud in an eminently usable way, providing readers with a plethora of examples from everyday life and clinical practice illustrating the insightfulness and continued applicability of Freud's ideas.
The overriding focus is on techniques Freud developed for going directly toward the unconscious, illustrating how we can employ them today and perhaps even improve on them. Fink also lays out many of Freud's fundamental concepts―such as repression, isolation, displacement, anxiety, affect, free association, repetition, obsession, and wish-fulfillment―and situates them in highly applicable clinical contexts.
The emphasis throughout is on the myriad techniques developed by Freud that clinicians of all backgrounds and orientations can draw upon to put in their therapy toolbox, whether or not they identify as "Freudians."
With references ranging from Star Trek and the Moody Blues to hard drives and unicorns, Bruce Fink's elegant writing brings Freud into sharp focus for clinicians of all backgrounds. To readers who ask with an open mind "Does this approach allow me to see anything that I had not seen before in my clinical work?" this book will offer many new insights.
EVE: Valkyrie has launched for Oculus Rift with HTC Vive and PlayStation VR editions of the videogame set for later this year. One feature that the EVE fanbase has been asking for has been cross-platform gameplay, which today CCP Newcastle has confirmed will be available across all three head-mounted displays (HMDs).
The announcement came today at EVE Fanfest 2016, Reykjavik, as Owen O'Brien, executive producer on EVE: Valkyrie, took to the stage during the event's opening keynote. After recapping the success of the videogame thus far, O'Brien reminded the audience of EVE: Valkyrie‘s multi-format release before confirming that cross-platform gameplay will be available for all three HMDs.
“We want people to fly together and die together – this is an important thing for us that everyone can play together without barriers,” stated O'Brien, at today's opening keynote at EVE Fanfest 2016.
No release date was revealed for the HTC Vive release, however O'Brien reaffirmed that EVE: Valkyrie will be a launch title for PlayStation VR. VRFocus will keep you updated with all the latest details on EVE:Valkyrie including the newly revealed Carrier Assault gameplay mode later today.
Posted on by
It's a weird thing for me to point out, but a lot of song charts have information that isn't vital to the song. Or rather the information provided is subjective to how important it is to a song.
This is a question I get often, especially from beginners: What's a (insert funky chord name) chord, because I don't know what it is but I want to play this song I found on Ultimate Guitar. The basic answer is, if you have a solid foundation of basic open chords, major and minor barre chords (both 6th string and 5th string), the beginning of the chord tells you everything you need to know and drop the things you don't.
Let's say a chord you run across a chord in a song that's a Dmaj9. You don't particularly know that chord but what to play the song… what to do?! Ignore the “maj9” part and play a D.
The first part of the chord is the most important part you need to know. It's going to tell you the name of the chord (D) and whether the chord is major or minor. Everything after that is “color”. So you can change the later part of the chord or remove it altogether.
Minor chords typically have a lower case “m” after the name.
Major chords have nothing after them.
So here are some funky chords followed by what you should play if you don't know the chord:
Gm11 – Gm (G then minor)
D9 – D (D chord, don't know the 9 part? Drop it!)
Bb13 – Bb (Bb is the note name and since there's no m, drop the rest!)
Cadd9 – C (C is the chord, don't know the add9? Drop it!)
Emaj7 – E (E is the chord, don't know the major 7? Drop it!)
How about those pesky slash chords? Like G/B, C/E, Dm/F? Ignore the later half of that slash. Those chords tell you what the chord is (G for example) and then what the lowest note of the chord is (B). So you'd play a G chord but start the chord from the B note… hence G/B!
This isn't to give those an excuse to ignore all the wonderful chord colors out there, but when your first starting out or don't have as much experience with some of these goofy chords, drop what you don't know!
I do have lessons talking about how to name a chord, some extended chords, add9 chords, slash chords (inversions) and most other things under my Free Lessons page and click on the “Chords” tab for when you're ready to start learning those chords.
*I withdraw any responsibility for the accuracy of chord charts of any song on Ultimate Guitar. 🙂
There was one group that put Donald Trump into the winner's column and sealed the deal for the Republican candidate: the Amish community.
The religious sect's pledge of support for Trump was discussed in the month's leading up to his stunning victory Wednesday morning by such groups as The Associated Press and Politico, but was largely ignored by most.
And it was especially ignored by the Democratic Party to its own peril.
AMISH COME OUT FOR TRUMP IN PA. GOD BLESS TRUMP!!! pic.twitter.com/hAAypaL6PV — FLORIDA ANGEL TRUMP (@AngelSt35124353) October 2, 2016
When the informal governing body for the Amish community, the American Amish Brotherhood, met this year in Columbus, Ohio, more than three million of the sect's estimated 20 million adherents showed up. Ands the word went out: Vote for the Republican nominee.
The group's reasoning was simple: The erosion of American values through the decay of the Democratic Party.
‘Not my president!' Vandals set fires, smash windows, shut down streets in California after Trump win
“Over the past eight years, the Democratic Party has launched a systematic assault on biblical virtues,” said AAB Chairman Elijah Fisher, according to ABC News. “We have seen more and more Christians being persecuted for their faith; we have seen the state defile the institution of marriage allowing the homogays to come together just like normal people. And now, they want to put a woman in the nation's highest leadership role in direct violation of my favorite Bible passage, 1 Timothy 2:12, ‘I do not permit a woman to teach or to assume authority over a man; she must be quiet'.” Fisher continued, “We need to stop this assault on God and take a stand for biblical principles. Donald Trump has shown in both action and deed that he is committed to restoring this country to the Lord's way.”
And the community's bloc support for Trump made all the difference, according to statistician Nate Silver.
“The Amish have their highest numbers in perennial swing states like Pennsylvania, Virginia, Ohio, Indiana, and Iowa,” Silver noted, according to ABC News. “They also have strong numbers in reliably Democratic states like Michigan, Illinois, and New York, meaning that Hillary will lose those states as well. There is also a sizeable community in Florida which, while not as large as it is in the Midwest, is still large enough to turn Florida for Trump. Over the next two weeks, you can expect Hillary to enter into a state of freefall in all of my predictive models.”
‘CNN crew on suicide watch': Despondent Wolf Blitzer gets mocked mercilessly as Trump wins
Although the Amish vote was dismissed by many, it wasn't ignored by the candidate's supporters, who set up a political action committee dedicated to securing their support, appropriately named Amish PAC.
Amish PAC co-founter Ben Watters stayed up for the returns and held his breath.
“We knew it would be close from the beginning,” Walters said, according to PennLive. “We knew the Amish were a sizeable enough amount of the population to provide the margin, should the election come down to the wire in Pennsylvania.”
Here's something else that shouldn't be ignored: The Amish influence is especially felt in Ohio, Pennsylvania and Indiana — all key battleground states.
Wake up right! Receive our free morning news blast HERE
Ex-Houston cop sentenced for providing armor, guns, insider info to Zetas cartel
An image captured by a hidden video camera as then Houston Police officer Noe Juarez meets with a government informant posing as a drug trafficker needing his assistance to acquire firearms. The video is part of the government's effort to convict Juarez. less An image captured by a hidden video camera as then Houston Police officer Noe Juarez meets with a government informant posing as a drug trafficker needing his assistance to acquire firearms. The video is part ... more Image 1 of / 17 Caption Close Ex-Houston cop sentenced for providing armor, guns, insider info to Zetas cartel 1 / 17 Back to Gallery
A disgraced former Houston policeman was sentenced to 30 years in prison Wednesday for using his badge to provide guns, body armor and sensitive law enforcement information to criminals connected to the Zetas drug-cartel.
Noe Juarez was convicted in New Orleans in January in a federal drug conspiracy case that included a secretly recorded video of him making deals while in uniform outside a Houston night club where he was in charge of security.
READ MORE: Jury convicts former HPD officer for role in drug trafficking
He would sell guns and other gear out of the trunk of his police cruiser.
The gear and information was sold to a cocaine trafficking network that reached from Mexico through Texas, Louisiana and other states.
READ MORE: Drug case linked to HPD officer involved Mexican cartel
"The cartel's efforts to infiltrate law enforcement are not limited to Mexico," said Stephen Azzam, special agent in charge of the Drug Enforcement Administration in New Orleans. "They want to do it here as well and we can't let them."
Juarez, a former Marine who was a police officer for more than 20 years, was accused of having been in the pockets of the traffickers for years.
READ MORE: HPD officer accused of cocaine trafficking
dane.schiller@chron.com; twitter.com/daneschiller
We're Seeing an Explosion of Free and Low Cost Augmented Reality Tools for Education
Augmented reality (AR) has evolved in recent years and its application in classrooms is limitless. Educators don't need to feel overwhelmed when trying to introduce AR in their classroom because there are many great apps that don't require a lot of knowledge in the field. There are useful apps for every subject and there are also apps that when a teacher is ready they can create their own AR targets.
Augmented reality works well in schools because it brings close to real life experiences to the classrooms. It's fascinating to see the faces of students when they have the opportunity to explore space, the human body, cells or chemistry elements. You appreciate how eager and engaged they become with some simple AR apps.
If you would like to learn more about integrating Augmented Reality in your classroom don't miss our presentation at the Teaching and Learning with the iPad conference in Raleigh, North Carolina.
Here are 9 cool AR apps you may want to try in your classroom:
AR Flashcards – Alphabet (Free): App to help students learn the alphabet
AR Flashcards – Shapes & Colors (Free): App to help students learn colors and shapes.
Chromville (Free): Educational app using the eight multiple intelligences. Students color their characters and then they come to life with the Visual Arts app.
Barcy (Free): From the creators of Chromville comes Barcy, an AR app that explores water life and the water use.
Chromville Science ($4.99): Chromville Science joins art, technology, science and the eight Multiple Intelligences, promoting the development of kid's creativity and their motivation for the learning process according to their needs and preferences.
Elements 4D (Free): AR Chemistry app that brings the elements to life. It includes lesson plans for all levels: elementary, intermediate, and high school.
Anatomy 4D (Free): Bring the human body to life with this AR app. Have students learn about the different systems and human anatomy with this app.
Arloon Geometry ($2.99): An amazing way to learn geometry! This app features 3D models with AR for most geometric shapes. By directly interacting with the figures, your students will improve their spatial visualization.
Arloon Mental Math ($2.99): Fun way for students to practice addition and subtraction without using paper.
Here are links where you can find more information about these apps:
Have fun!
The Indiana Pacers have embraced small ball — though not fully, and some results suggest they are smart to ease into a new philosophy.
Big versus small. Ground and pound versus pace and space. Size versus speed. This is the dilemma that the Indiana Pacers have been facing all season long.
The Pacers have switched between starting Lavoy Allen and C.J. Miles as the nominal power forward, with Jordan Hill taking a few starts at the beginning of the year. Lavoy Allen is probably the least “sexy” of those three players. He doesn't throw down rim-rattling dunks, he's not expressive, nor is he a long-range shooter.
However, the results of the team when those three have started are interesting.
C.J. Miles and Jordan Hill are both .500, with the Pacers going 10-10 when Miles start at the four-spot and 1-1 when Jordan Hill starts. The outlier here is Lavoy Allen. The Pacers are a stellar 9-2 when Lavoy Allen starts at the power forward position for them, with the two losses being on the road at San Antonio and in overtime against the Bulls in Chicago.
Such results fly in the face of Larry Bird's push to overhaul the team — making it smaller, faster — being a big reason that the Pacers are exceeding expectations this season. This begs the question: Should the Pacers switch back to bully ball and drop the pace-and-space concepts Bird has sought to embrace?
It's important to note that, through 33 games, the Pacers have started 20 of them small and 13 of them big. This has not been the meteoric shift that was expected coming into the year, and is being overlooked in all the pace-and-space rhetoric. It's also critical to understand that big change doesn't come instantly or easily.
C.J. Miles has spent his entire career as a shooting guard or possibly an undersized small forward, and this represents a huge change for him. The Pacers are working in Jordan Hill, getting Ian Mahinmi used to starting, adjusting to Monta Ellis, and working out the rotation both with the bigs (Jordan Hill/Myles Turner/Ian Mahinmi/Lavoy Allen) and their backup wings (Chase Budinger/Glenn Robinson III/Solomon Hill). It's not surprising to see the Pacers initially doing better with a big lineup that George Hill and Paul George are used to.
Again, we're left with the question: should the Pacers switch back to bully ball and drop the Pace and Space mantra that Bird has been pushing?
So far, the Pacers have not fully switched to small ball, nor have they stayed the plodding, slow team they used to be. But they aren't necessarily hedging their bets, waiting to switch one way or the other with the wind. Instead, the Pacers keeping both a small lineup and a big lineup at their disposal.
It's too early to say if it's the right move, but the Pacers have not been afraid to zig when others zag in other ways (especially with their draft record) and this could be another instance. Maybe this is the Pacers attempting to get ahead of the curve by being able to play both ways. Time will tell, but this could be an interesting decision by a front office that isn't afraid of backlash or confusion from fans.
I came in 2nd in the Al Zimmermann Programming Contest "Delacorte Numbers", using a quad-core machine and the Julia programming language. The attached PDF file is a personal report on using Julia for the contest and a detailed discussion of the program. If you have not used Julia before, you may find it to be a useful introduction to the language.
Also attached is a zip file with what you need to run the program:
It requires Julia 0.4 , which is under development. You can get a nightly build of the current development version of 0.4 from delacorte.jl - the Julia program., which is under development. You can get a nightly build of the current development version of 0.4 from here . The paper describes how to modify the program to run under Julia 0.3.5.
util.jl - some related utilities
results/ - directory where program puts best results. I include my result files therein because the program requires an existing result file.
trials/ - empty directory where the program puts all results from runs.
- Arch D. Robison
Last August, I was so surprised to receive an email from Kotobukiya (Japan) for an invitation to be one of the Kotobukiya Ambassadors. KYAAAAA!!!!!
In the past years (2012-2015), I got the opportunity to work with Kotobukiya US but this time, it will be the team from Asia. I AM SO STOKED! ❤
In this new exciting challenge, I'll be creating contents featuring Kotobukiya products. Today, I am sharing you my first project with them.
You can also read the post HERE.
The project I made is a video that includes the unboxing/review and DIY Gourai Room. Be sure to watch it!
Ever since I watched the Frame Arms Girl series, I've been imagining Gourai in her everyday life. So I decided to recreate the room they made for themselves.
The materials I used are:
MDF
PVC Board
Paint (Acrylic / Poster color)
Cardboard
Here are the pictures of GOURAI in her DIY room:
Here's Gourai in battle mode:
Also, check out my buddy and fellow Kotobukiya Ambassador, Love, Pinkcheeks for Photoshop tutorials and learn how to create visual effects to your Frame Arms Girl battle scenes!
With chest hair and hospital scrubs sneaking out from beneath his white lab coat, Dr. Shaf Keshavjee seems armed for the future of lung transplantation. The director of the Toronto Lung Transplant Program and surgeon-in-chief of the University Health Network sees promise in advances that can keep lungs working outside the body longer than ever. What it means, he hopes, is that one day surgeries can be prescheduled instead of surprising staff at, say, 3 a.m. He also praises industry peers who are generating new lungs in labs. “In the future,” he speculates, “can we take organs off the shelf out of the cupboard and just say, ‘OK, I need a size 8 lung,' and put it in?”
Keshavjee's vision might seem more grounded in fiction than science, though this guy helped create the world's first organ repair center, in Toronto, nine years ago. That process centralized and streamlined lung transplants while boosting the number of procedures by around 50 percent annually, to 150, and it's now being used in a facility in Maryland, with similar buildings planned for Florida and Arizona. Next up for the doc: getting the prototype for a new device to market this spring that will assess and repair otherwise unusable donor lungs. Keshavjee wants “super” lungs.
Can we make a lung that will outlive the recipient? Dr. Shaf Keshavjee, director, Toronto Lung Transplant Program
New scientific breakthroughs could dramatically change the landscape for patients gasping for a fresh set of lungs. Some work involves repairing damaged donor organs, while other research is moving us closer to genetically engineered animal organs that could be placed in humans without getting attacked and destroyed by viruses. And certain techniques are prolonging how long transplant recipients can survive without their own lungs physically inside their bodies — to a record six days, in one recent case. Advances like these have the potential to improve all sorts of important metrics: medical costs, surgery times, hospital errors and, arguably the biggest factor of all, patient longevity. “The goal, I say in our lab, is can we make a lung that will outlive the recipient?” says Keshavjee. “A person who has lung disease should never face lung failure again.”
Scientists aren't there, yet. These days, if you breathed air into a new set of lungs for a month, the odds of survival would hover near 97 percent. But by year three, that would deflate to a little more than 68 percent. Of course, there's no guarantee you'd even get a lung. In the U.S., more than 1,300 people sit on a waiting list, according to a transplant tracker from the Department of Health and Human Services. Part of the solution is to encourage more people to give up their lungs if they die. But by the time these organs are harvested, packed and delivered, around 80 percent of them are too damaged to transplant or are otherwise unusable.
Gordana Vunjak-Novakovic listened to these kinds of challenges when a lung transplant surgeon reached out for help several years ago. Inspired, Vunjak-Novakovic — the director of Columbia University's laboratory for stem cells and tissue engineering — has since co-led a multidisciplinary team of researchers in developing a procedure that repairs the damage many lungs incur during trips to recipients. The approach, published this year in Nature Biomedical Engineering, includes storing an organ in a chamber for days while ventilating it with air and perfusing it with the recipient's blood and stem cells. This helps maintain a fully functional lung outside of the body for up to 56 hours — the longest known time for a lung recovered from injury, says Vunjak-Novakovic. The procedure might have worked even longer, but the study, which relied on pigs, was designed and permitted to run only that long. Now, Vunjak-Novakovic's team will turn to trials with human lungs. “There is still a lot to do until we come to clinical use,” she says.
There's a similar caveat for other procedures that recently have generated glee in the industry. This summer, a life sciences company called eGenesis, which was co-founded by Harvard geneticist George Church, shared how it used the gene-editing tool CRISPR in pigs to deactivate viruses that could infect people who receive a new organ from an animal. It's still too early to say whether the procedure could enhance pig organs to work as well as swimmer Michael Phelps' lungs, though when Church was asked about this very point, he reportedly said the organs will go through safety and efficacy testing, including “making sure they're robust, and maybe they have to be as robust as Michael Phelps' in order to do the job.” (The company didn't respond to OZY's request for comment.)
A lot has changed since June 11, 1963, when James Hardy performed the world's first human lung transplant on a convicted murderer in Mississippi. The patient survived just 18 days. Subsequent recipients survived only days, or weeks, until 1983 — when the first human double-lung transplant recipient, known as patient No. 45, left a Toronto hospital and lived more than six additional years.
In January, Toronto once again drew international acclaim after it was revealed that Keshavjee, along with two additional thoracic surgeons and 10 operating room staff, pulled off a world's first. They had removed the severely infected lungs of Melissa Benoit, a mom from Ontario who was expected to die within hours, and kept her alive without them for six days using advanced life-support technology, including an artificial lung, heart and kidney. The time helped her recover, but also, Keshavjee notes, “We didn't have new lungs in her case yet.” The operation was heralded as a great success, though what hasn't been reported since, outside of a brief obituary notice, is that Benoit recently passed away. The cause: an ear infection that ultimately led to septic shock. “We were totally devastated,” Keshavjee says.
Patreon is changing the way pledges to creators are handled, with many in the creative community concerned this will lead to smaller incomes and fewer subscribers.
Launched in 2013, Patreon is a crowd-supported service that allows people — patrons — to financially support artists, writers, podcasters, musicians, journalists, game developers, models and other entrepreneurs. Patrons are encouraged to pledge either a monthly or per-post subscription that allows them access to new, often times exclusive pieces from the creator they're supporting.
The shift in the way Patreon's servicing fees are processed can get complicated, but here's the gist of the updated model. As it stands right now, before the changes happen, creators cover Patreon's five percent fee and all of the service processing fees. Simply put, if a patron wanted to pledge $1 to a creator, they would pay exactly $1 and not have to worry about an additional processing cost. According to the company, this resulted in creators losing anywhere from seven to 15 percent of their income covering fees.
On Dec. 18, a new model will standardize that fee. Creators will only pay five percent of the processing fee, instead of the seven to 15 percent, because those who pledge will have to pay an additional 2.9 percent and $0.35 fee each pledge to help cover those remaining costs.
That may not sound like a lot for patrons who support one creator a month at $10. But for patrons who back a larger number of creators at smaller amounts, it could have a bigger impact.
Let's break it down a little further: Under the new rules, patrons who pledge $1 to a creator will see their payments go up to $1.38. Those who pledge $5 to a creator will pay $5.50. This means for people who back 10 creators on Patreon at $1 per post, it will cost them $13.80, vs. $10.64 if they donated that to one creator.
In a statement to Polygon, a Patreon representative said the decision to implement the service change came after nearly a year of experimentation. The representative said the standard service fee the company decided upon was designed to impact creators and patrons as little as possible.
We think endlessly about the creator and patron impact for every decision we make. This is a change we spent a lot of time thinking about (almost a year!). After running tests with both creators and patrons, we settled on a fee that would impact creators and patrons in the smallest way possible, considering both the amount that patrons pledge and the likelihood that they'll keep supporting their creators on Patreon.
The creator community, however, disagrees. Backlash from those who use Patreon as a way of keeping their work going have spoken out on Twitter about the change, asking the company to reevaluate its decision. Their biggest concern is geared toward the thousands of patrons who pledge $1 or $5 amounts to a number of creators or channels.
Greg McMahon, a professional animator who built his business up on YouTube but has recently joined Patreon as a way to sustaining costs associated with time spent on projects, told Polygon it's the $1 and $5 tiers that represent the backbone of Patreon's pledging community.
“The vast majority of my patrons are only pledging a dollar or two, which is something I encouraged when I launched my Patreon in the first place,” McMahon said. “With this new fee structure in place, the idea of pledging a small amount is going to look a lot less attractive to many potential patrons, and could even convince current patrons to leave. Patreon is a fantastic way for fans to support the creators they enjoy, so I really hope the folks in charge will see the potential negative impact this change could have and decide not to go through with it.”
McMahon, who has over 200 patrons pledging just under $450 a month, said although he only joined Patreon in recent months, he's concerned about what the future of the company looks like if the decision to implement the new fee policy goes through. McMahon added that if the “change really has a bad effect on Patreon then I might have to look elsewhere for ways to make money with my work.”
McMahon's voice joins the number of creators who are asking Patreon to leave the current fee system alone. Many creators on Twitter pointed out they don't mind paying the varying process fee if that means patrons won't be forced to pay an additional cost for supporting work on the site.
Phoebe Seiders, a writer for a podcast called “Under Pressure,” which makes just $40 a month on Patreon to help cover production costs, said it's a matter of looking at the bigger picture. Many people on Patreon pledge to more than one creator; Seiders currently supports 16 creators on the platform, which is mostly done through $1 pledges. If someone has a hard limit of $10 that they can allocate to supporting talent on Patreon, that may drop to six or seven creators when the new processing fee scheme goes into effect.
“You're going from $1 to $1.38 or from $5 to $5.50,” Seiders said. “You're forced to have to do the math and figure out how to make that $1 stretch.”
Patreon views it differently. In the company's blog post about the upcoming system, the payments team noted that they “approach every change with a creator-first mindset, aiming to help creators grow their businesses.” The team added that while they're aware this may result in patrons canceling their subscriptions at first, “we know this will help creators earn more money in the long term.”
To brace for the change, Patreon told creators it was giving “advanced notice so that you and all patrons have an opportunity to cancel your pledge if you no longer wish to continue your membership with the updated service fee.”
The creators-first mentality that Patreon's team is reportedly addressing the situation with is being questioned by the very community the company has sworn to protect. A Patreon representative told Polygon that despite accusations from the community that changes were being made to profit the company, that wasn't the case.
“Patreon's fee — then and now — is 5 percent,” the representative said. “That's all we keep. So this isn't about Patreon making more money because of this change.”
Not everyone is convinced. Seiders told Polygon that she “can't help but believe that Patreon needs to make more money on the process,” and that's why the community is seeing the shift in how service fees are being handled. Seiders said this moves some of the weight off of the company and drops it on those who are pledging.
“It's a business and everyone has to make money to live,” Seiders said. “They've tried to build a different structure of fees that looks like understandable for creators on the surface, but it really comes down to Patreon getting more money.”
As McMahon noted, “this is the first time a fee is placed directly on the patrons,” and it's difficult to imagine what the company is going to look like if people who pledge $1 and $5 donations suddenly stop. McMahon said he's enjoying being on Patreon and hopes to continue it, but questions what that future looks like.
He's not alone in that, either. Seiders told Polygon that if she were able to talk to the payment team and executive committee at Patreon today, she would appeal to the company's concern about the future, and ask them to take time to examine how this may hurt Patreon's growth in the future.
“This is really where it's going to hurt the most,” Seiders said. “Of the projects I've seen people back over the years, as they grow from $100 or less to over $1,000, they have absolutely been built on the backs of these $1 to $5 pledges. To penalize people who want to pledge at that basic level ... you are gambling on enough high rollers coming in and then growing and sustaining on that pledge base.
“You're basing this decision on a gamble that may not pay off.”
As it stands, Patreon's new service fee will go into effect on Dec. 18. A company blog post confirms that creators will see the “new rates will apply to your monthly pledges starting Dec. 18 so you'll see your first payment with the fee included Jan. 1, 2018.” More information on how this will affect both patrons and creators can be read about on the company's Q&A page.
Update: Patreon's payments team updated its original blog post after the community retaliated against the service fee changes. The blog goes further in-depth to explain why these changes are happening, noting the way patrons pay creators will be treated like “any other subscription service.” The update added that “we need a system that charges patrons at the time of their initial pledge, and on the anniversary of their pledge each month thereafter.”
The blog further states:
Historically, Patreon set a flat 5% fee for our service, with an additional third party processing fee that ranged from 2% – 10%. Some creators were hit by these fees much more than others, and it wasn't predictable month to month. Right now, we keep those fees as low as we can by charging patrons once every month across multiple pledges — that's why all charges come on the first day of the month. But if we move to an anniversary-based subscription model without a revised system, the fees would shoot up for creators.
Patreon's update ends with the company reiterating this “was never (and still isn't) about making more money for Patreon as a company,” contrary to remarks from creators and patrons online.
Creators began posting screenshots on Twitter last night of their patrons unsubscribing following news of the service fee change. Polygon has reached out to Patreon for more comment on the situation.
Image caption Bridget Jones (played by Renee Zellweger) and Sir David Jason's book were released on the same day
A printing mix up led to early copies of the latest Bridget Jones book having a chunk of Sir David Jason's memoirs in the middle.
About 40 pages of Sir David's My Life were printed in Helen Fielding's Bridget Jones: Mad About the Boy, both of which came out on the same day.
"The printers have had a Bridget moment," said publishers Vintage.
It said it was recalling the misprinted copies and replacing them with correct versions.
"A printing error has been detected in some of the very early copies of Bridget Jones: Mad About The Boy," said a Vintage spokesman.
"Copies printed on one day have given readers an accidental preview of David Jason's autobiography."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Foyles manager: If people are buying books then I'm happy
Both Fielding and Sir David's book were published on what the publishing world has dubbed "Super Thursday", when publishing houses put out some of their highest-priority titles for the Christmas market.
Among other books released are Jennifer Saunders' autobiography Bonkers, My Life in Laughs; Mo Farah's Twin Ambitions and John Bishop's How Did All This Happen?
Mad About the Boy signals the final chapter of hapless "singleton" Bridget Jones's diaries.
Fans may already know one of the significant plotlines after extracts were earlier published in the Sunday Times Magazine.
Although Fielding herself approved the reveal, some fans were shocked to be told of such a major twist before the book had even been published.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson speaks to the media on Nov. 20 in Washington. Mark Wilson/Getty Images
Rex Tillerson just took another stab at winning the contest for Worst Secretary of State in Modern History.
The occasion took place Tuesday at the Woodrow Wilson Center in Washington, D.C., where he delivered a speech bubbling over with boilerplate, interesting only for his warnings of Russian aggression and his touting of America's allies as our most vital strength—both sentiments at odds with those of his president, a sign of his scant influence within the administration.
The eyebrow-raisers came during the Q&A session, when he was asked to explain the sharp reductions in the State Department's budget and the hollowing-out of its diplomatic corps. Tillerson replied that the cuts are “reflective of an expectation that we're going to have success … in getting these conflicts [around the world] resolved” and, therefore, won't need to have so many officials dealing with them.
This may rank as the silliest comment ever made by a Cabinet secretary.
First, as an old saw has it, hope is not a strategy. Merely expecting that you'll resolve the world's conflicts is not a valid reason for cutting programs and personnel that are currently needed for managing those conflicts. Second, anyone who thinks that any Americans, much less those on Team Trump, are going to solve this world's conflicts has no understanding of history or politics and thus no business being anywhere near the State Department, much less running the place. Third, even if his expectation wasn't a fantasy, there's no way Tillerson or anyone else could even come close to solving the world's problems without a functioning State Department and a well-stocked diplomatic corps—those things Tillerson and Trump have eviscerated.
Then Tillerson muddled the picture further. After explaining why he slashed the budget and ranks of his department, he denied that he'd done any such thing. Yes, he said, the administration seemed to be requesting a drastic cut in the State Department's budget (a cut of 31 percent, to be precise), but that's only because in 2016, President Obama boosted the budget to “a record high” of $55 billion, way above normal levels. Trump, he said, is simply returning to a “sustainable” status quo ante.
This is simply a lie. Here, from the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, is a graph showing the budgets for the State Department's operations. Spending has been climbing since 2006 (and a larger chart would show the trend dates back to 2001, for obvious reasons), but 2016 saw no appreciable rise from the years before. The Trump–Tillerson budget is an unambiguous drastic cut.
Funding for State Operations and Foreign Operations accounts. Senate Foreign Relations Committee
Tillerson also disputed the charge that he and Trump are hollowing out the department's ranks. Rather, he said, he is putting the building through a “redesign,” which sometimes sparks disgruntlement. He didn't mention—nor did his interlocutor, Woodrow Wilson's much-too-polite president, Jane Harman—that Maliz Beams, the senior official he appointed to direct the redesign, had quit her job just the day before.
He acknowledged that the “confirmation process” to fill second- and third-tier positions at State “has been excruciatingly slow,” but this too is misleading. The problem is not with the Senate's pace of confirming nominees but rather with Trump's failure—in many cases, apparent refusal—to nominate candidates in the first place.
Of 153 State Department positions that are nominated by a president, Trump has left 76—almost exactly half—unfilled; almost a year into his term, he hasn't nominated anyone for those slots. These include most of the department's policy-related jobs, including the undersecretaries for political affairs and international security affairs as well as the assistant secretaries for intelligence and research, politico-military affairs, conflict and stabilization operations, international narcotics and law enforcement, population refugees and migration, African affairs, East Asian and Pacific affairs, Near Eastern Affairs, South Asian affairs, Western Hemisphere affairs, and many more.
Tillerson tried to paint these vacancies as irrelevant, saying that the acting assistant and undersecretaries are doing a fine job and that anyone who harps on this issue are insulting their professionalism.
But he is missing, or evading, the point. Officials in these positions conduct the everyday management of U.S. foreign policy. They have to convey to their counterparts in other agencies, and especially in foreign governments, that they are acting and speaking on behalf of the president of the United States. Yet because these acting officials—some of them junior holdovers from prior administrations—are unable to do this, they aren't taken seriously.
The fact that Trump hasn't filled these slots also sends a message to allies and adversaries that he doesn't take those jobs, or their responsibilities, seriously. Trump has confirmed this message in several ways. When Russian President Vladimir Putin ousted 755 American diplomats from his country, Trump thanked him for cutting the U.S. payroll. When a Fox News anchor asked Trump about the empty slots, he replied, “I'm the only one who matters”—reflecting no understanding of how foreign-policymaking works.
Finally, Tillerson acted as if he hadn't recently offered $25,000 buyouts to entice nearly 2,000 diplomats and staff to leave their jobs—an offer that many are taking amid a crisis of morale, as many experienced specialists sit at their desks all day with nothing to do.
In a New York Times op-ed piece published just hours before Tillerson's speech, Nicholas Burns and Ryan Crocker, two of the nation's most decorated ambassadors (both retired), decried Trump and Tillerson's steps as setting off what may be the “greatest crisis” in the foreign service's history. And the crisis may deepen: The number of young Americans applying to take the foreign service officers' entry exam has plunged this year by 33 percent.
There's no future in American diplomacy—that's the message that Trump's actions have sent, and Tillerson, the nation's top diplomat, recited it explicitly in his Q&A.
THE £2.5million opening scene for Jeremy Clarkson's new car show is the most expensive ever seen on the small screen.
Shot in the Californian desert, it features 150 cars, 2,000 “petrolheads”, acrobats, stilt-walkers and six jet planes.
Splash News 3 The Grand Tour's opening scene is the most expensive scene ever to hit the small screen
Clarkson, 56, and sidekicks Richard Hammond and James May sped across the Lucerne Valley in customised red, white and blue Ford Mustangs.
The trio were followed by £20million worth of cars, including a Bugatti Veyron and Rolls-Royce.
A source said: “Nothing remotely like it has been seen before.”
PA:Press Association 3 The scene was shot in the Californian desert featured 150 cars, acrobats and jet planes
RELATED STORIES Pictured LIFE IS JUST GRAND Jeremy Clarkson, James May and Richard Hammond share a joke over some wine ahead of release of new show START YOUR ENGINES When does The Grand Tour start on Amazon Prime, how to watch, and when's it available? Exclusive TOPPED GEAR Jeremy Clarkson thrashes Top Gear with new show The Grand Tour after booking line-up of A-list stars OLD BANGER Jeremy Clarkson makes space for his new Cotswold farm house by BLOWING UP his old home Exclusive let's have it large Jeremy Clarkson accidentally gatecrashes Danny Dyer's boozy wedding bash at posh hotel
Getty Images 3 The trio's new show The Grand Tour will launch on Amazon Prime next month
The Grand Tour launches on Amazon Prime this Friday — 18 months after Clarkson was sacked from the BBC for punching a Top Gear producer.
The show will make him Britain's highest paid TV star with a reported £10million salary.
READ MORE:
How can I watch The Grand Tour? Amazon Prime costs, hardware required and the cheapest way to watch
“It troubles me” Jeremy Clarkson admits feeling uneasy about the rumoured £160 million spent on The Grand Tour
The Grand Tour will round off globetrotting adventure with series finale trip to ‘City of Supercars' Dubai
10 years ago
Obama made a Saturday stop at Ben's Chili Bowl, a local DC institution.
WASHINGTON (CNN) –- Obama popped in for lunch Saturday at Ben's Chili Bowl, the 50-year-old Washington fast food institution famous for its “half-smokes” –- sausages smothered in spicy homemade chili sauce, mustard, and onions.
The visit came as a complete surprise to Sonya Ali, one of the owners of the family-run business.
“Do you think I'd look like this if I knew?” she said, referencing her red blouse and slacks. The Secret Service came in and secured the location. Ali asked them how soon they could expect the president-elect. “Within minutes,” they told her.
And sure enough, he did, with Washington D.C. Mayor Adrian Fenty in tow.
Security barricaded the U Street block, and hundreds rushed out of restaurants and apartment buildings to catch a glimpse of the incoming president.
Listen: Hear the crowd react and the owner reflect on the visit
http://i2.cdn.turner.com/cnn/2009/images/01/10/obama.bens.mp3
Obama posed with diners and staff in all three rooms of the restaurant, before returning to the counter to collect his order: a chili half-smoke and sweet tea. Fenty had cheese fries and water.
There is a sign near the cash register that reads: “Who Eats Free at Ben's. Bill Cosby. The Obama Family.” For years, the privilege was reserved for Cosby, a frequent patron and friend of the owner's family.
“I actually changed that sign two days before the election,” Ali said. “I sat up in the office. I said: ‘I am changing the sign because he's going to win. He's going to be the president and we'd love to have him in here.' We heard he liked chili.”
Seeing the sign, the president-elect said he appreciated the gesture, but paid with a $20 bill, telling the counter attendant who asked if he wanted change, "No, we're straight."
The president-elect and mayor took a two-person table, and joked with diners as they ate. Asked about the significance of the visit, Obama simply said: "It means I'm going to get a hot dog."
“It is a very historic moment,” Ali said. “[T]o actually have him here was just wonderful. It just kind of proves that what we felt all along: that he is really a president for the people. He is just a man among men. So it's an honor.”
This was Obama's first visit to Ben's.
The president-elect posed for a photo with a group of policemen and Fenty outside the restaurant, and refused to take sides on a question of local loyalties: “I'm a Bulls fan. White Sox fan. Neutral when it comes to Maryland and Georgetown."
Saturday's half-smoke sausage may be just about all the smoking Obama is doing of late. The president-elect has made an effort to quit smoking, although he admitted in recent interviews that he has, on occasion, "fallen off the wagon."
On November 21, Chinese news media outletrevealed that actor Kim Soo Hyun earned 500 million yuan (approx. 90 billion won or $81 million USD) in China this year through his many endorsements. �
Yangtse Wanbao stated, "Kim Soo Hyun, who is presently receiving the most love calls in China, is solely at the top when it comes to foreign stars." They continued, "He drew in explosive interest this year while filming 'You Who Came from the Stars' and has been chosen as a CF model for over 30 brands."
Kim Soo Hyun reportedly earns 1 billion won (approx. $900,000 USD) per CF that he shoots. Additionally, if his brand advertisement is exported to China or Japan he earns around 1.5 to 2 billion won each (approx. $1.3 to $1.8 million USD).�
As Kim Soo Hyun continues to be in constant demand by both brands who wish to advertise overseas and fans who wish to see much more of the handsome and suave actor, Kim Soo Hyun has once again proven his status and power as a Hallyu star.�
This is the $6 billion election – the most expensive ever – and yet voters in parts of Florida and other swing states are still having to wait four hours or more to cast their ballots. Households in the biggest battlegrounds have been inundated for weeks by carefully scripted robo-calls, glossy campaign mailers and a blizzard of TV ads – no expense spared -- and yet in far too many places the voting machinery is old, creaky and in short supply. Since the polls opened this morning, there have been reports of machines freezing, misaligning, jamming and awarding votes to the wrong candidates, and of voter disinformation and intimidation, some of it generated directly by the candidates and their campaigns.
In Ohio and Florida, high-profile officials responsible for overseeing the vote weren't shy about showing their naked partisanship, seeking measure after measure – with varying degrees of success – to suppress votes likely to trend Democrat. In at least two states, Iowa and Texas, international election monitors were threatened with arrest if they got too close to a polling station.
Advertisement:
It's too early to know if any of the reported “glitches” – as the networks are fond of describing them – are serious enough to influence the outcome of either the presidential race or any of the other big congressional contests. More on how that might play out in a moment. First, though, a roundup of some of the low points of the day:
• The Biggest screw-up. Election officials in Pinellas County, Fla. (that's the St. Petersburg area, along the all-important I-4 corridor) accidentally sent out robo-calls this morning telling voters that they have until 7 p.m. “tomorrow” to submit absentee ballots. The robo-calls were supposed to go out yesterday. It took more than half an hour to catch up to the error, by which time more than 12,000 absentee voters who have not yet returned their forms had inadvertently been fed misinformation.
• Most Katherine Harris-like figure. That would be Jon Husted, Ohio's secretary of state, a Republican who tried to restrict early voting (which tends to favor Democrats), then tried to defy the courts when they told him he couldn't. He has also tried to tighten the rules on casting provisional ballots, which also tend to skew Democrat, and maximize the chance that a vote could be invalidated for procedural reasons, even if the intent of the voter is crystal clear. He also approved a last-minute “experimental” software patch on tabulation systems used in 39 Ohio counties, ostensibly to reconcile local computer systems with the secretary of state's office. Since software changes are usually required to go through a testing and certification process, this has raised red flags among those inclined to be suspicious of Husted's motives. More on the implications of this in a moment.
• Most brazen disinformation peddling. Jeff Flake, a Republican running for the Senate in Arizona, sent a robo-call out to 120,000 households in the Phoenix area over the weekend directing them to the wrong polling station location. A significant number of those receiving the calls – we don't now how many, exactly - were Democrats. Flake's Democratic opponent, Richard Carmona, has asked the FBI to investigate.
• Most spectacular tech malfunction. A voter in central Pennsylvania filmed his own attempt to vote for Obama on an ES&S touchscreen machine, only to have the machine register the vote for Romney instead. The video subsequently went viral. (Although the problem was fixed almost immediately, by rebooting the machine.)
It's easy to get depressed by this and a small avalanche of other reports spilling out around the country. So it's worth pointing out that the situation is not quite as dire as some of the anxious reports bouncing around social media sites and the rest of the Internet have suggested, for a couple of important reasons.
Advertisement:
First, things have improved enormously since the Bush-Gore fiasco in 2000. True, many state and county officials compounded the problem at first, by replacing the old punch-card machines with expensive computer touchscreens that were poorly programmed and prone to error if not also manipulation, and which provided no paper backup to allow for meaningful recounts. Since 2004, many of those same jurisdictions have gone through a serious case of buyer's remorse and either added a paper trail function to the machines or ditched them altogether in favor of cheaper, more reliable optical scan systems that are recountable by definition because voters mark their choices on paper in the first place.
Many states (though by no means all) have also worked hard to improve their procedures from start to finish, making sure they have backup ballots available in precincts in case of mechanical failures, working harder to ensure there are enough machines in each polling station, tightening their vote-counting and cross-checking procedures, and so on. Interestingly, a report published in July by the Verified Voting Foundation, Common Cause and the Rutgers University Law School found that Ohio – site of so much controversy in 2004 – now has some of the best county-by-county voting procedures in the country.
Second, people are far more aware of the potential problems and are reacting to them as they arise. In 2000, voters only realized after it was too late that Florida did not allow provisional balloting (since introduced), and that the state had instituted a grossly flawed purge of convicted felons from the voter rolls, which ended up disenfranchising tens of thousands of eligible voters, most of them Democrat-leaning African-Americans. Now, everything – every attempt at passing restrictive legislation, every polling station set-to, every flier telling people that Election Day is Wednesday or Thursday – is subject to instant scrutiny. In many cases, the abuses create a backlash motivating people who might otherwise have stayed home or allowed the long lines to deter them, as it was obvious in Miami-Dade county over the weekend when an attempt to bring early voting to a halt was thwarted by sheer people power.
Lawyers are also on hand in many competitive precincts, so abuses are either resolved immediately or publicized in ways that embarrass officials and lay the groundwork for seeking redress in court.
Advertisement:
What happens, though, if the presidential race is closer than the final polls have been predicting and it comes down, as in 2000, to a few hundred votes in a single swing state? The state most likely to experience that sort of showdown is Ohio, and the good news is that the Buckeye State would probably weather the storm pretty well.
Whatever stunts Jon Husted might try to pull would be challenged in court, and his record with the courts suggests that there is a good chance he would be overruled on any attempt to prevent a full and fair vote count. The counties, for their part, are able to conduct recounts, either with the tabulation machines or by hand, and have ballot reconciliation procedures in place to spot any attempt to change vote tallies during the tabulation process. In other words, even if that last-minute software patch were malicious, there would be a way to spot any skewing of the results.
Oh, and that report about Mitt Romney's son having a financial interest in Hart InterCivic, the company that owns the machines operated in two Ohio counties, including the Cincinnati area? Those machines were purchased in 2005, long before the Romney investment in Hart's holding company, and are operated entirely by the counties, not by the manufacturer.
Advertisement:
More troubling, if a lot less likely, would be a race that came down to either Virginia, or Colorado, or both. The report by Verified Voting, Common Cause and Rutgers found significant problems in both states. Virginia is in the process of ditching its old computer touchscreen machines, but has not yet done so, so recounts would be impossible there. Colorado earned poor marks for its precinct management and ballot reconciliation practices. We can only pray, as election officials often do, that it won't get that close.
After 36 people died in an Oakland, California warehouse fire in December, artists in Seattle want to prevent that kind of tragedy here. To do so, they are asking city officials for help.
Seattle has several "underground" or "DIY" arts spaces similar to the Ghost Ship warehouse in Oakland. They're often not permitted or code compliant. As the cost of real estate goes up in Seattle, those spaces play a crucial role for artists trying to find places to live and work.
S. Surface is a curator and member of the Seattle Arts Commission. Surface said other cities have started shutting down underground venues and they are hoping Seattle can take a different path.
Surface: "And so we wanted to come up with a set of recommendations to support the venues, to communicate to our community at large that we are behind them."
Surface briefed the City Council on those recommendations Tuesday.
Why do we get so collectively annoyed by food and drink trends that we associate with women? Because it's an ugly double standard.
Rosé, in case you hadn't heard, is ruined. What was once just one of many wines to enjoy on a summer day is now a ubiquitous brand you have to either love or hate. And if you do enjoy rosé, you must now defend your taste against an onslaught of rosé gummies, rosé chocolate, rosé T-shirts, rosé gin, and, of course, frosé.
This isn't the first time a pink beverage has been ruined, nor is it the first time a food or beverage has become so popular that it invites an inevitable backlash. This is how capitalism works: Consumers enjoy something, brands notice demand and turn the product into a lifestyle, and consumers dutifully recoil. But instead of being angry at the free market, the ire toward #rosé is directed at the population widely believed to be responsible for its downfall: women. It's “lady petrol,” according to BBC host Jeremy Clarkson. It's “exhausting,” according to Eater. It's unsophisticated. It's over.
It may be true that the rise of rosé is a women-driven trend, a fact that has led to a lot of unfortunate, gendered product names like “White Girl Rosé” and “Babe” and “Mommy's Time Out.” But the backlash against it underscores a sad but not unexpected assumption when it comes to food trends (and really, all trends): When men enjoy something, they elevate it. But when women enjoy something, they ruin it.
When men buy into food trends, they bring much-needed attention and success to what they're consuming. Some sommeliers rolled their eyes after Sideways made male wine drinkers everywhere drop their Merlots for Pinot Noirs, but nobody was accusing Pinot Noir of overstaying its welcome. And when men get into women's trends, they elevate and legitimize them—or even create an entirely new market. Male rosé drinkers have transformed it from a wine “seen by serious wine drinkers as cloying, mass-produced swill, an object of revulsion and gendered disdain,” as GQ wrote, into something men are happy to be seen drinking. Yogurt, a neutral food if ever there were one, went from being feminized to being marketed as protein-rich workout fuel for men. And of course men don't diet—they biohack.
Any form or style of food or drink is, literally, a matter of taste. It is also all gender neutral, though that hasn't stopped people from associating tofu and chocolate with women or bitter alcohols with men. Whether that's because women do most of the buying, or because marketers have an insatiable appetite for turning human enjoyment into target-based profit, we wind up with things like chocolate bars that say they're “not for girls.” “Women's” foods tend to be sweet (cupcakes, macarons, wine coolers); thought of as healthy (yogurt, froyo, diet soda, smoothie bowls, salad) or otherwise “fussy” (unicorn lattes, pumpkin spice anything); and come in pink. “Men's” foods tend to be bitter (hops, coffee, whiskey), spicy (hot sauce, tacos, Flamin' Hot Cheetohs), and hearty (meat!).
When those foods blow up, we judge women for falling for the marketing or trying to jump on the bandwagon, and we assume that because they like something other women like, they don't have minds of their own. And on top of that, women are asked to reckon with, consciously or unconsciously, the perceived psycho-sexual symbolism attached to seemingly innocuous foods. “Cupcakes,” the women's news site Jezebel declared in the midst of the cupcake boom, “have become shorthand for womanhood.”
In general, the language that's used against women-centric food trends is coded and gendered. In a 2012 article about the froyo trend, The New York Observer disparaged the “cutesy” stores. According to The Guardian, the macaron is a “pastel menace” and “a more flouncy form of interior design than something good to eat.” Cupcakes, meanwhile, are “prissy.” Mike's Hard Lemonade even worked on rebranding because much like wine coolers, as The New York Times explained, “sweet and fruity alcoholic beverages like Mike's may strike some as unmanly.”
We also punish women for “ruining” other people's experiences with their food preferences. In 2016, Domino's released a series of ads for their new salad menu, joking that they reluctantly added it to appease the one person in your hypothetical group who didn't want to eat pizza. This “lettuce lover” in the ads was always a woman; by offering salads, Domino's explained, these domineering harpies could no longer “ruin” pizza night.
But the central critique of women-driven food trends is that women are getting food wrong. Things that are supposed to be complex, like wine, are vilified for being simple (never mind that the majority of wine drinkers are women), while foods like cupcakes and froyo pander to people who have no taste. And let's not forget that women also needlessly complicate food that is “supposed” to be simple—why drink coffee when you can have a half-caf double caramel soy macchiato instead? Men can obsess over every aspect of procuring, drying, and grilling a steak, but women are the high-maintenance ones for arranging a beautiful smoothie bowl.
The treatment of women-centric food trends illuminates how, in many respects, whatever a man does is considered the standard that the rest of us should adhere to. If a man is fussy about craft beer or protein shakes, it's food that should be fussed over. If a man requires nothing more than meat, potatoes, and a Budweiser, neither should anyone else.
That double standard, obviously, isn't unique to food: Women have ruined movie franchises, music genres, and, of course, even men themselves. But the particular relationship women have with food makes this even harder to swallow (sorry). Not only have we traditionally been in charge of planning and making household meals, we've been commanded to do so while maintaining our beauty and “figures.” We are expected to produce food but are so heavily scrutinized when we consume it that finding joy in what we eat is often an incredibly fraught endeavor. Of course women are ordering salad; we're taught to fear any “indulgence” bigger than a cupcake. So if you're angry that a trend is ruining food, stop and ask yourself if the problem is women—or the endless cycle that judges them at every turn. Rosé, after all, can sometimes be just rosé.
I have been following minimalist blogs for a couple months now, and I so appreciate this online community. I would not be where I am in changing my thinking about consumption without the support of many down-to-earth simplify-ers and aspiring minimalists.
Still, I feel somewhat out of place here. Many of the most popular blogs that I read are written from the perspective of people who left high-powered, well-paid and benefited corporate careers for a simpler life and now have plenty of savings to show for it. I can see how that would feel great. It is in fact a very privileged position to be in.
I know privilege well because I, too, have a good education, despite loads of debt. I realize this was a choice. For me it was a choice to improve my life and others'. My income is modest because I work in social services with primarily poor people, and though my husband and I are practicing many of the same methods of frugality as others, we are basically getting by month to month, not saving a large percent of our income, which has worked out fine for us.
Still, because of my work, I am very aware that many people do without and receive stigma rather than praise. To them it is not called “minimalism.” They live on very little, but it is not called anything because it is mostly unacknowledged, and when it does come up they are looked down upon as “lazy” or “irresponsible” (a feeling conveyed in even many minimalists' posts). So I want to say what most minimalists are not saying: the benefits of minimalism depend in large part on where you start. It is not a financial solve-all, especially for the incredible number of people who are working full-time and still living in debt and poverty because they can't afford necessities. It is ignorant to assume that all of these people are spending frivolously. It is hard to save when rent and heat and healthcare and food costs go up and your income does not.
Minimalism does, of course, help, and that's where I find it hopeful. We can take back some control. But as I reflect on this nagging class consciousness, I want to challenge us, myself included, to do more than declutter- to also demystify our privilege when and where it exists and acknowledge the reality that, minimalist or not, class shapes our lives in major ways. Even if we all do what we can individually to live simply and save, it is going to take much more change than that before we and our neighbors can all live debt-free.
Advertisements
| join the conversation
Shifting gears on corporate social responsibility from rhetoric to action.
By Evan Steiner, Hub Ventures
Impact investing is an emerging asset class focused on the flow of capital towards companies that align market incentives with scalable impact. In other words, investing in for-profit companies that are making the world a better place.
It is a paradigm shift away from a bifurcated non-profit vs. for-profit perspective, into a blended approach that seeks to make money and do good. The sector, generally referred to as “social enterprise,” has garnered a lot of attention and interest recently, especially since it represents a way for many to align their careers with their personal values.
After working in impact investing for a short while, I discovered a little secret that people don't bring up enough: there is actually very little investment being made, especially for seed and early-stage companies.
Reports from JPMorgan forecasted impact investing to be a $400 billion to one trillion investment opportunity over the next decade. However, right now most of that money exists only for growth stage companies, and it is very difficult for start-up entrepreneurs to get the resources they need to launch their companies. The reasons are fairly consistent: aversion to risk, small investments exceed the operational bandwidth of existing impact investment funds, and few examples of social enterprises that have had exits and liquidity events.
However, if there is little investment available for early-stage companies, how will the sector grow and social enterprise jobs be created?
Aligning Impact Investing and Corporate Social Responsibility
To address the lack of capital and resources to early-stage social ventures, Hub Ventures was launched in 2010 out of the Hub Bay Area, a community of social entrepreneurs in San Francisco with over 1,000 members. Hub Ventures is a 12-week accelerator program providing resources and support to seed-stage social ventures.
In order to increase the flow of investment to Hub Ventures participants, we are taking an innovative approach that aligns social responsibility programs of large corporations with the entrepreneurs and companies going through our program.
Recently, Hub Ventures partnered with Lakeland Ventures Development, whose corporate client is in the business of saving lives. Lakeland has committed to put $380,000 into startups focused on ”human health and safety,” which includes a broad array of possibilities including clean water, digital health, and public safety. Lakeland is focused on identifying investment and acquisition opportunities that align with the CSR and core business strategy of their client.
Of the eight to 10 slots for the spring cohort of Hub Ventures, four will be reserved for companies that fit these criteria. Each company will receive $20,000 when accepted and all are eligible for $75,000 at the end of the program.
Most corporate social responsibility focuses on launching green initiatives, giving money to charity, or reducing the footprint of the supply chain. Often these initiatives are just rhetoric, paying lip service to improve the corporate image, and they don't offer any really substantive solutions to social or environmental challenges.
Lakeland is making investments into companies that are addressing big challenges and that also align with the values of their corporate clients. It is a much more engaged and action-oriented approach to corporate social responsibility, one that simultaneously benefits the large corporations and the small start-ups.
The companies applying to Hub Ventures represent a diversity of sectors including technology for good, civic engagement, environmental sustainability, public health, poverty alleviation, and more.
My hope is that more corporate clients will see the value in supporting these entrepreneurs and their world changing ideas.
Violence against women is on a rise in India and in most cases, the perpetrators are men.
On April 11, Anu Jain, a Delhi High Court advocate was brutally beaten with iron rods. She kept screaming for help, but no one came to her aid. The assault had left grievous marks on her entire body.
However, the appalling aspect of the attack is that the perpetrators, in this case, were two women – a mother and her teenaged daughter.
On April 12, Kundan Srivastava, uploaded pictures and videos of the assault of a Facebook post, where the women can be seen brutally assaulting the advocate.
Posted by Kundan Srivastava on Wednesday, April 12, 2017
Posted by Kundan Srivastava on Wednesday, April 12, 2017
The attack took place because Anu Jain had filed a petition with the Delhi High Court against her neighbours' illegal encroachment on public property. The court directed that all encroachment be demolished.
Anu Jain was beaten in front of her adolescent son who tried to help but was also attacked by the woman's 18-year old daughter, Preity Tomar. As a helpless child, he recorded a video of the same and called a local police station for help.
An FIR has been lodged in the North Rohini, Delhi police station.
The Logical Indian contacted the police station for their comment on the case and if any action has been taken against the two women, however, the police refused to comment and hung up.
We strongly condemn the assault on Anu Jain. She was only trying to follow the law by petitioning against illegal encroachment upon public property. We hope that the police takes necessary actions to bring her to justice and penalise her perpetrators.
What else? Humility and ownership. “It's feeling the sense of responsibility, the sense of ownership, to step in,” he said, to try to solve any problem — and the humility to step back and embrace the better ideas of others. “Your end goal,” explained Bock, “is what can we do together to problem-solve. I've contributed my piece, and then I step back.”
And it is not just humility in creating space for others to contribute, says Bock, it's “intellectual humility. Without humility, you are unable to learn.” It is why research shows that many graduates from hotshot business schools plateau. “Successful bright people rarely experience failure, and so they don't learn how to learn from that failure,” said Bock.
“They, instead, commit the fundamental attribution error, which is if something good happens, it's because I'm a genius. If something bad happens, it's because someone's an idiot or I didn't get the resources or the market moved. ... What we've seen is that the people who are the most successful here, who we want to hire, will have a fierce position. They'll argue like hell. They'll be zealots about their point of view. But then you say, ‘here's a new fact,' and they'll go, ‘Oh, well, that changes things; you're right.' ” You need a big ego and small ego in the same person at the same time.
The least important attribute they look for is “expertise.” Said Bock: “If you take somebody who has high cognitive ability, is innately curious, willing to learn and has emergent leadership skills, and you hire them as an H.R. person or finance person, and they have no content knowledge, and you compare them with someone who's been doing just one thing and is a world expert, the expert will go: ‘I've seen this 100 times before; here's what you do.' ” Most of the time the nonexpert will come up with the same answer, added Bock, “because most of the time it's not that hard.” Sure, once in a while they will mess it up, he said, but once in a while they'll also come up with an answer that is totally new. And there is huge value in that.
To sum up Bock's approach to hiring: Talent can come in so many different forms and be built in so many nontraditional ways today, hiring officers have to be alive to every one — besides brand-name colleges. Because “when you look at people who don't go to school and make their way in the world, those are exceptional human beings. And we should do everything we can to find those people.” Too many colleges, he added, “don't deliver on what they promise. You generate a ton of debt, you don't learn the most useful things for your life. It's [just] an extended adolescence.”
While preparing for my Techdays session about “How ASP.NET Core and Docker will change the life of a Microsoft Developer” I was experimenting a bit with Azure Container Service and running my ASP.NET Core application on the ACS Cluster.
Together with my colleague Alex Thissen and with some help of my Xebia Colleague Mark van Holsteijn I managed to set up a ACS cluster with DCOS. Within the cluster we use the Marathon Load Balancer (marathon-lb) to redirect the traffic within the cluster to the specific container,
In this post I will describe a step by step to setup the ACS Cluster and run a simple application on it.
Generating SSH Keys
FIrst you need to have an SSH client installed and have some SSH keys that you can use. I use Putty and PuttyGen. To generate keys follow this great guide that describe the steps in detail.
https://docs.joyent.com/public-cloud/getting-started/ssh-keys/generating-an-ssh-key-manually/manually-generating-your-ssh-key-in-windows
Spinning up the cluster
Go the Azure Portal and spin up a new Azure Container Service Cluster. Make sure you paste in the SSH public key you just created and spin up 3 agents.
Set up an SSH tunnel and connect to DCOS
When the cluster has been created you need to set up a SSH tunnel to be able to connect to it. Open Putty and fill in the session details
Session Tab
Host name / IP Address: The DNS name or IP of the DCOS master
Port: 2200
SSH / Tunnels
Create a port forwarding for port 80
SSH / Auth
Select the Private Key that you generated and point to it
Do not forget to save your session!
Configure the Marathon-LB Load Balancer
Navigate to the Universe on the left side, and search for marathon-lb. Choose install and select advanced installation. Check if the HAPROXY_GROUP is set to external
When you hit Review and install, the load balancer is being deployed.
Deploy your first ASP.NET Core Docker container
When the load balancer is configured, you can deploy your first application. For convenience, I created a Docker container with an ASP.NET Core Web Application inside. You can pull this image from Dockerhub with the tag rvanosnabrugge/tdweb
If you want to test this on a local Linux host just run the command
docker run –d –p 8080:80 rvanosnabrugge/tdweb
Then you can access the web application on localhost:8080
In the DCOS Services tab, open Marathon to manage your application.
In Marathon, add a new application and configure it
On the Docker Container Tab, point to the Docker container rvanosnabrugge/tdweb, set the Network to Bridge,
On the Ports and Discovery Tab, Add Port 80 to expose the port inside the container to the cluster
On the Labels tab we need to link this container to the Marathon Load Balancer. Add a Label
HAPROXY_GROUP and set the value to external (this label is also present on the marathon-lb)
HAPROXY_0_VHOST and set the value to a DNS name. You can use the service xip.io to get a DNS name. Just choose a name and add the IP. Something like tdweb.<IP ADDRESS>.xip.io.
For IP Address use the IP address of the Load Balancer of the agents. This can be found in t the Azure Portal.
When you hit Create Application, the Container is deployed.
Open a browser and navigate to the XIP.IO address(tdweb.<IP ADDRESS>.xip.io. ) that you created and Voila!
You can now scale up and scale down your container (s) on the cluster!
Good luck !
Advertisements
KUANTAN (Malaysia): Top-ranked India had to dig deep into their reserves to eke out a 3-2 victory over arch-rivals and defending champions Pakistan in a preliminary league match of the fourth Asian Champions Trophy hockey on Sunday.India exhibited their composed defence when under pressure from early Pakistan raids and worked hard to gain control of the showpiece encounter of the tournament at the Kuantan Hockey Stadium.Young striker Pradeep Mor scored his maiden goal in 13 international appearances to give India the lead in the 11th minute, but Pakistan then took charge through strikes from Muhammad Rizwan Sr. in the 31st minute and Muhammad Irfan Jr. in the 39th. Rupinder Pal Singh converted India's only penalty corner in the 43rd minute and Ramandeep Singh came into goal-scoring action the following minute by deflecting in a diagonal cross from Talwinder Singh.This victory gives India seven points from three outings. India had outplayed Japan 10-2 in their first outing, but were held to a 1-1 draw by South Korea yesterday.Starting as two-time defending champions, Pakistan suffered a 2-4 loss to hosts Malaysia and then prevailed 1-0 over South Korea in their previous matches of the six-nation league.Top four teams from the round-robin competition will advance to the semi-finals.Pakistan forced the first penalty corner in the opening minute when an Indian defender carried the ball in the circle, but goalkeeper PR Sreejesh blocked two shots to ward off danger.Sreejesh first padded the drag-flick from Muhammad Aleem Bilal and then dived to his right to clear the rebound attempt.Pakistan spelt danger again in the fourth minute when their strikers worked in unison to create space deep in the Indian territory and a cross from the right rebounded to unmarked Muhammad Rizwan Jr. on top of the circle. But he sent a wayward shot wide of the left post.The Indian players did some hard work and got to the top of the rival scoring zone on a couple of occasions, but the resolute defence denied them a crack at the goal.Talwinder Singh had the first Indian shy at the goal in the 11th minute when he picked up a pass from the right on top of the circle and created some space as he turned for the reverse hit, but the shot soared high over the cross-piece.India took the lead against the run of play in the 22nd minute when Pradeep Mor on the right flank latched on to the ball that had deflected off a Pakistani defender. Mor darted into the circle and sent in a firm shot from a very narrow angle that beat goalkeeper Imran Butt to land on target.This was the first goal for the 24-year-old Mor, who was playing in his 13th international and was one of the reserves for the Olympic Games.Stung by the reverse, Pakistan came back strongly to mount a raid into the Indian circle, but the defender held their ground and denied them a good look at the citadel in the 25th minute. The next minute saw an Indian counter-attack with SK Uthappa trying to run on the empty space on the left flank, but was obstructed by Ahmad Shakeel Butt, who was sent off for the deliberate foul.Continuing to look for the equaliser, Pakistan were rewarded in the first minute after half-time as the Indian defence left Rizwan Sr. unmarked on top of the circle as he collected a long diagonal ball and sent a snap shot into the left corner of the boards. Rizwan Sr. had no pressure of time or space and his flash strike denied Sreejesh even the time to react.After end to end counters by either side, Pakistan surged ahead in the 39th minute as Muhammad Ifran Jr. capitalised on an attack from the left to shoot home in a crowded circle.As the game picked up pace, India earned their first penalty corner in 43rd minute when the ball hit a Pakistan defender's foot.Rupinder Pal Singh converted the penalty corner with a rasping drag-flick that went high into the net.The Indians went into a 3-2 lead a minute later when a long ball caught Pakistan's defence off-guard. Talwinder neatly collected the ball on the left and sent in a diagonal cross that a diving Ramandeep Singh deflected into the boards. The third quarter of the match produced four goals, but both teams guarded their territory well in the last quarter.
Max Meyer has made over 100 appearances for Schalke.
Max Meyer says the chances of him staying at Schalke in the summer are "50-50," following reports linking him with Tottenham Hotspur.
Meyer, 21, is under contract at the Veltins Arena until 2018, and has yet to renew his deal before going into the final 12 months. On Monday he told Bild that contract talks are currently on hold.
"There have been no further talks," Meyer, who has completed the full 90 minutes only eight times this season despite making a total of 32 appearances for the club, told Bild.
This summer would be Schalke's last chance to cash in on the forward, but when asked whether he was interested in signing a new deal, he said: "Why not? I can perceive both things. The chances are 50-50."
Meyer had told ZDF TV at the weekend that Schalke currently "have little time" for contract talks given their difficult situation in Bundesliga, and the contract situation of Sead Kolasinac, who could leave on a free transfer this summer, and midfielder Leon Goretzka, whose deal also expires in 2018.
According to reports in Bild, Meyer is currently leaning toward ending his seven-year spell at Schalke this summer, and the club could allow him a transfer if an offer were to exceed €20 million.
In 2016, Tottenham made a €45m bid for the midfielder during the final days of the summer transfer window.
Stephan Uersfeld is the Germany correspondent for ESPN FC. Follow him on Twitter @uersfeld.
Fake news, real news, it's all the same to these Trump lovers.
A CNN reporter's attempt Thursday to talk about supposed voter fraud with Trump supporters made her facepalm on air — as the fans cited “the media” and “Facebook” for bogus claims.
Anchor Alisyn Camerota sat down with five people who voted for the President-elect and believe his baseless claim that “millions” of people illegally voted in the general election.
One panelist, named Paula Johnson, spouted the equally unsupported charge that 3 million people illegally voted in California — a blue state predictably carried by Democratic contender Hillary Clinton.
Anyone unjustly taken off NYC voter lists entitled to ballot
“So where are you getting your information?” Camerota asked her, brows furrowed.
“From the media!” Johnson said.
Asked exactly where, Johnson claimed she saw it on CNN — which never reported any such claim.
CNN anchor Alisyn Camerota near the end of the segment. (CNN)
“It was coming all across the media, all across,” Johnson added, as someone in the background chuckled.
Trump campaign staffer convicted of election fraud from old race
“If CNN didn't do it, then they were being smart this time,” she said.
Johnson insisted she knows there were “a good amount” of illegal votes in California, in part because President Obama supposedly encouraged it.
“Google it, you can find it on Facebook,” another panelist shouted.
Camerota fact-checked them live, finding that claim came from a Fox Business Network story that deceptively edited Obama's comments.
Trump's voter fraud claims are too large not to be investigated
Still trying to drill down the drivel, Camerota asked if Johnson truly believed any alleged voter fraud included millions of people.
Trump voter Paula Johnson (bottom center) stuck by the baseless claim that millions of people illegally voted in the election. (CNN)
“California allows it!" Johnson said.
Cue Camerota's facepalm.
Elsewhere in the interview, the Trump voters supported the President-elect's out-of-nowhere tweet this week that people who burn American flags — which is protected by the First Amendment — should be jailed or lose their citizenship.
Trump, who lost the popular vote by nearly 3 million votes, tweeted last week he would have won it if not for “the millions of people who voted illegally.”
He offered no evidence for that claim, and has still yet to do so.
Sign up for BREAKING NEWS Emails privacy policy Thanks for subscribing!
China Labor Watch says up to 4,000 employees walked out in Zhengzhou after Foxconn and Apple 'raised overly strict demands'
Thousands of workers at Foxconn in China have gone on strike over working conditions related to production of the iPhone 5.
Three to four thousand employees walked out of Foxconn's Zhengzhou factory on Friday, according to China Labor Watch. It said Foxconn and Apple had "raised overly strict demands on product quality" without providing adequate training.
The strike comes just weeks after Foxconn was forced to close a plant in Taiyuan, when a brawl involving as many as 2,000 workers left a number of people needing hospital treatment.
China Labor Watch, a labor rights group which monitors factory conditions in China, said Friday's strike came after Foxconn and Apple introduced new quality controls, while at the same time Foxconn forced employees to work during a public holiday.
"Foxconn raised overly strict demands on product quality without providing worker training for the corresponding skills. This led to workers turning out products that did not meet standards, and ultimately put a tremendous amount of pressure on workers," China Labor Watch said in a statement.
The organisation said the new quality demands led to workers turning out products that did not meet production standard, placing "a tremendous amount of pressure on workers".
"Additionally, quality control inspectors fell into to conflicts with workers and were beaten up multiple times by workers. Factory management turned a deaf ear to complaints about these conflicts and took no corrective measures."
The majority of Foxconn employees taking part in the strike worked on the "onsite quality control line", according to China Labor Watch. It said the strike meant iPhone 5 production lines were "in a state of paralysis for the entire day".
The organisation said Apple was involved in some of the reasons for the dispute, pressing ahead with production demands despite design problems. The new quality demands included "indentations standards of 0.02mm and demands related to scratches on frames and back covers" China Labor Watch said.
It said the pressure of the new quality demands, coupled with workers not being permitted to take vacation during a recent holiday period, had led to the strike.
"This strike is a result of the fact that these workers just have too much pressure," said CLW executive director Li Qiang.
In September Foxconn was forced to shut a plant in Taiyuan, northern China, after a mass brawl. As many as 2,000 workers were said to have been involved in the violence, with pictures showing smashed windows and riot police at the site. Geoffrey Crothall, a spokesman for the pressure group China Labor Bulletin, said at the time that Foxconn workers were becoming increasingly emboldened.
"They're more willing to stand up for their rights, to stand up to injustice," he said.
Interview: NBC's 'The Night Shift': A Medical Drama's Underdog Origin Story
Some shows premiere big. Some sneak onto the screen. NBC's “The Night Shift” is definitely an example of the latter. While the medical drama premiered last summer without much fanfare, it built a solid viewership over the course of its eight episode run, locking down a Season 2 after just a few weeks on the air.
Featuring an ensemble cast including Eoin Macken, Jill Flint, Brendan Fehr, Freddy Rodriguez and Scott Wolf, “Night Shift” takes a “M.A.S.H”-esque look at life in a San Antonio emergency room, staffed by a blend of civilian and former military doctors.
During a visit to the set in Albuquerque, New Mexico, Indiewire sat down with executive producer Gabe Sachs (who created the show with partner Jeff Judah) to learn how two producers best known for “Freaks and Geeks” and “Diary of a Wimpy Kid” went from writing about teenagers to emergency room doctors, as well as the show's uncertain journey to the screen. Also on the table: What it's like to launch as a midseason series (with the full weight of the NBC promotional engine behind you) and the importance of locking down the same behind-the-scenes crew used by “Better Call Saul.”
So, what's really exciting about the show, I think, is the fact that it caught a lot of people off guard. From your perspective, how much of this has felt like an underdog's journey?
The entire thing. But you've got to remember, anything we've worked on has been the underdog: “Freaks and Geeks,” “Undeclared” — you know. We've always had that thing where we just wanted to do this show, but we didn't really expect it to catch on. We were hoping it would, but we weren't going, “We're going to make the biggest medical drama,” you know? It just wasn't that thing. We were just really surprised and really excited that people got what we wanted to do.
What kind of feedback have you gotten from viewers? How are they finding the show?
We got such positive views, and we just didn't know, because we were mixing military guys coming back being doctors, and we wanted to be as true to that as possible. And we've gotten great feedback, we've gotten great suggestions, we've gotten great things about concentrating on the patients — which is something we didn't do the first season. We tried, but it was that kind of thing where we wanted everyone to know our characters, so Topher's wife was having a baby and things like that. The second season, we really wanted to follow the patients from beginning to end; sort of do those stories.
So, add even more characters to the mix.
Yeah. [laughs]
What goes into balancing the ensemble and making sure everyone has enough to do?
You know, what we've learned — because we've learned a lot doing this — is, the more complexity and the more depth you give to each character… when you give them a little bit, they can follow that and go to the next thing, and happily. So we do that for every character [and] it's like something dynamic happens; you're able to follow that. And you just sort of— we go like that. Some characters will be heavy in one episode, some characters light, and it's just continually balancing that, where you get pieces. And sometimes we see it, and we go “Oh, we need a little more of this,” so we just shoot it.
So, going back to the journey of the show: You get the pilot, it shoots in 2012; what was the process between that and the first season? That was a good year-ish before you guys started shooting?
Just to get to the pilot was a thing — they bought it, they got it, they loved it — and they didn't order it. So now we're going, “Now what?” And then it was suddenly, “They're talking about it again,” and we're going, “Is this real?” [laughs] And then we saw it on some outlet, either Deadline or something, that said they're talking about it. And then we shot it, and then… you're just sort of, “Now what?” [laughs] “Will it get picked up, will it get picked up?” And then the craziest thing is — you know, we're waiting and waiting — and you have to interview writers as if it's going to go. Because if it's going to go, it's going to go fast. So you're interviewing writers, not knowing if it's going to go.
So, I get a phone call, and they're like, “So, did you read the paper? Did you read Deadline?” and I go, “No.” And they go, “The show's dead.” So the show's dead, and I look at Jeff and go, “We're dead.” And Jeff says thank you to the writers, and the writers go away, and we start writing the thank-you letters to Sony, like, “Thanks for your support, and we so appreciate you putting all of that money into the show,” and they looked at us and said, “What are you talking about?” And then we go, “Well—” and they go, “Are you seriously reading it online? And you're not calling us first?” And they said, “No, we haven't even talked to them yet.”
But then everyone picked it up. “There's no life in ‘The Night Shift.'” “Dead on arrival — D.O.A.” It was every horrible line you could imagine, and it just got worse and worse and worse as the hours went on. And then, there was a correction: “Well, we're hearing that ‘The Night Shift' has a little life. But not for long.” That was the correction!
So this is in between Season 1 and Season 2?
No, this is trying to get the pilot to series. So we just said, “Ugh.” So then, they called up and said, “No, no,” and then an hour later, it was picked up.
And that was just the greatest. We were just in shock, and excited and knew we were going to come back to Albuquerque, and we just wanted to make sure we had the “Breaking Bad” crew.
So that was a priority for you.
They were so good, and it was sort of easy for us. And they had worked together for so long… they just made everything great. And we have the greatest prop team. It just makes it look like such a great show. So that was really, really important. And getting our keys from LA to come. So it was really exciting.
I'm surprised that there hasn't been more coverage of the fact that you guys are working with the “Better Call Saul”/”Breaking Bad” team.
It's such a well-oiled machine, and it's hard to find that. You know, if you go to other states, you really don't know anyone there… but [this crew has] mixed with LA people. So we were really in good hands.
Vince Gilligan also has a reputation for being just a nice person, and I feel like that's something that's carried through here. Everyone I've talked to today has been like “Everyone's so nice, everyone's so fun to work with…”
We've been very lucky, and we just feel that it's— you're so lucky to be doing what you're doing that it should be a good time. Everyone works really hard, but it still should be fun, and it should be a good time, and no one should be— there's no yelling on our sets, ever. And it's the same thing from our beginnings: “Freaks and Geeks,” “Undeclared”; there was a certain kind of warmth there that we wanted to make sure carried through.
You refer to it as “luck,” but what's the trick to it? To making sure you have that kind of set?
I make sure that I'm here. That's one thing. And I'm here at crew call, and I'm here for the whole day, I'm not coming in late. And I think that when you do that and your actors see that you're as invested and you're moving away from LA to be here, that everyone feels invested too, and they feel like there's a warmth there. I'm, “If you guys are in it, I'm in it.”
So, going back to the show's journey, you guys are no longer D.O.A., you've got a first season, and you find out you get summer. What was your reaction to that?
Ecstatic. To us, it's like, “We're on TV!!” It's literally, we're on TV; it's crazy. We're on the air. We didn't care where it was.
Now, the summer thing for us, was interesting because it felt like, “Oh, well, maybe we can develop an audience there.” We just didn't know what to expect, but we were excited to be on, and we were also excited that we had made all the shows before we went on, so we were out of production.
A lot of people today were saying that the first season felt almost like you were doing it in a bubble.
Yeah, because we didn't have an air date, so getting directors and people— like, “Hey! Do you want to come to Albuquerque to do a show that we don't have an air date?” So you were just sort of like, “Come on!”
“We might end up on Netflix!”
“We might end up… somewhere.” When Eric LaSalle came on the show, and just having all that knowledge of “E.R.” and being an actor, then directing on that show… He just brought so much to it, that we went, “We can do this.” He's actually a big help to us.
I'm glad you brought up “E.R.,” because what's interesting is the fact that “Night Shift” came along after so many years of us not having a medical drama of this type. When you went in to pitch “Night Shift,” was “E.R.” something that you were mentioning?
We never mentioned “E.R.”, because we were nervous that we were going to NBC. There was only one place that wanted to hear us pitch a medical show, because it's ridiculous. it doesn't have kids, it doesn't have high schoolers…
The kids don't seem very wimpy at all…
Right! So it ended up going to the only place that was going to hear us. And if it wasn't that— that would have been it. But NBC heard it in the room, and they said, “Oh! ‘M.A.S.H.'-style feel, these guys in medical…” They got it. And that was the greatest vote we could have ever had.
I was surprised by the military element, which didn't get much attention at all in the publicity. Is that something you've seen people respond to?
Yes. I mean, it's very, very important to us. Jeff and I have always been fascinated by what happens to those doctors, those battlefield doctors who come back, are integrated into hospitals, which is what's happening. You've got these guys with extra expertise that will do something differently. They'll be helping a patient, out in the field, and they'll use their military medicine, and there's a confidence to those guys that's very unique.
What was the inspiration, then; an article, a story you heard?
It was such a mix. Jeff and I wanted to do a medical show; that's first. We were big fans of “E.R.” and we wanted to figure out what would be our version of a medical drama. And then we started hearing about these stories; people who served and then they were doctors.
There were a bunch of articles we had read; one of them was when Gabby Giffords was shot. They asked the surgeon, “Well, were you nervous? You know, Gabby Giffords comes on your table…” And he goes, “No, no one dies on my table.”
And we were like “Wow! Who's that guy? What is this?” And then we read more of these people that had this confidence, and these flawed personalities. Things happened to them, but they are about their country. And we always say, “They are about their country, not their country club,” because that's what they're doing. They are adrenaline junkies, these guys, and that's all they think about.
You mentioned very specifically that you guys wanted to do a medical drama. What about the medical drama genre appealed to you?
There are a few things: One is T.C. The actual real T.C. was not in the military or anything. He's a very dear friend of Jeff's. He did the night shift in an E.R. in Atlanta for sixteen years, and we would always hear stories. And my dad was a doctor in New York, he was at Montefiore and my mom was at Albert Einstein as a therapist. So I grew up in this sort of world of medicine.
And I think what we loved was the emotional changes. One second you just took a Blackberry out of a guy's butt, and the next moment, you're trying to revive a five year-old. And it was like, wait a minute: You're trying to laugh and then you're just… it's just that emotion. It's like, who are those people, who can go from that to that, and they need to blow off steam. And so we liked all of those parts of all those personalities. That really attracted us.
One of the first things that caught my attention about the show was that you guys had a really great ratings pick-up after you got a Season 2. When you got the Season 2 announcement, were you surprised by the timing of it?
Yeah, there are so many shows that just last a few episodes, so it's hard for people to get into the shows. Like, they don't have confidence that it's going to go on, so why invest in it? And I think when it said that there was going to be a Season 2, people said, “Oh! This may stick around, so I'm going to give it a chance.” And I think that was really helpful.
So, what's your relationship with NBC like?
It's kind of cool, because we are the underdogs. I don't know what they expected. I really don't. After Season 1, they were like, “Wow.” Like, I don't think they even knew that people would watch it! But I gotta tell you, Bob [Greenblatt] and Jen [Salke] were extremely supportive, like they got it. Like, “We know what you want to do, and we're going to support it.”
So they said, for our second season, “We're going to give you a real campaign, we're going to give you spots on the air.” I think that's the hardest thing: How do you get the network to do the show that you want to do, and understand it, and then advertise it like that? We've been very lucky that they get it. The fact that they gave us the “Voice” spot was great. Hopefully, we can perform there.
Do you feel like being under the radar does, in some extent, help you?
Yeah, sure! We would love always to be under the radar. As long as people watch it.
“The Night Shift” airs Mondays at 10pm on NBC.
READ MORE: Poll: Who Should Be Cast in Aaron Sorkin's ‘A Few Good Men' Live Show on NBC?
Sign Up: Stay on top of the latest breaking film and TV news! Sign up for our Email Newsletters here.
Reality TV star Kim Zolciak-Biermann suffered a stroke on Wednesday moments after arriving home from Dancing With The Stars.
The 37-year-old mom of six revealed in a social media post on Thursday that she suddenly lost all feeling in her left side and the ability to speak.
By Friday the Don't Be Tardy beauty was still in the hospital as she posted a photo from her bed with an oxygen tube. 'Going in for one more procedure, things are looking up!' wrote the star.
Scroll down for video
Still in the hospital: Kim Zolciak shared this image from her hospital bed on Friday, two days after suffering a mini stroke. 'Going in for one more procedure, things are looking up!' wrote the star
The reality diva added, 'Don't let the oxygen scare you its just protocol.'
The blonde went on to write, 'I wanted To THANK all of you for the love! I feel so overwhelmed with all the texts, comments etc. I'm so grateful to have all of you!' Her hashtag read, '#TheyDontCallMeToughieForNothing.'
The small screen fixture also revealed her Dancing With The Stars partner Tony Dovolani was looking after her as she shared a photo of him in her hospital room.
A friend indeed: The small screen fixture also revealed her Dancing With The Stars partner Tony Dovolani was looking after her as she shared a photo of him in her hospital room
'This guy @tonydovolani has been by my side for 2 days! ☺️ he even brings me my favorite coffee. Although he is always dancing around the room lol he keeps me smiling!'
Kim added, 'So blessed to be surrounded by such great people. Want to go home so bad! Hopefully tomorrow! #GoingStirCrazy #BlessingInDisguse.'
TMZ reported on Friday that Tony was showing her dance moves while she was in her hospital bed as she hopes to return to the ABC show on Monday. 'There is a good chance she will be back,' said a source.
Health concern: Kim suffered a stroke moments after her plane landed in Atlanta from Los Angeles on Wednesday
But Kim has still not received a clearance from her doctors to come back to Los Angeles for the competition.
Zolciak said on Thursday her life had been saved by the quick reactions of her husband Kroy Biermann, friend Niki Toney-Pressley, daughter Brielle and Brielle's boyfriend Slade Osborne.
She later posted a photo of her and Kroy embracing in hospital, with the caption: 'All that matters... FAMILY.'
It must be love: She later posted this photo of her and her husband Troy embracing in her hospital bed
Big night: Kim was returning home from her appearance on Dancing With The Stars when she lost all feeling in her left side and the ability to speak (above with partner Dovolani)
'The last 24hrs have been whirlwind!' she wrote in the Instagram post. 'I landed yesterday morning from LAX (took the red eye right after DWTS) I got home and within minutes suffered a TIA (mini stroke) the left side of my body went completely numb and my speech was gone.
'I have 100%of my feeling back THANK GOD. Still in the hospital but I just know I'm getting released today!'
Just before having the stroke, Kim had been on Instagram to promote a teeth whitening system.
WHAT IS A MINI STROKE (TIA)? A mini stroke, medically known as a transient ischemic attack, occurs when blood flow to the brain stops for a short period of time. It mimics the symptoms of an actual stroke but generally lasts for just 24 hours. These attacks do not generally cause any brain damage, though they can be indicators and warning signs that the individual will suffer an actual stroke in the future.
She wrote in that post: 'I'm so happy to be home with my babies!! Although I'm having a blast on DWTS I took the red eye soooo I'm delirious but I forgot my @expresssmileatlanta teeth whitening kit when I was in LA so a quick touch up and then GOODNIGHT!! Back to rehearsal today!!
'USE MY PROMO CODE "KimZ" And it's only 20 dollars.'
Kim revealed during her Dancing With the Stars performance on Monday that she had received Botox just hours before her routine.
The social media fixture said that it was not just a cosmetic procedure but had health benefits and helped with her migraines.
She shared a photo of herself with Dr. Simon Ourian after receiving her injections - the same cosmetic dermatologist who treats the Kardashians.
'Thank you @simonourianmd1 for coming in for me!! I needed Botox desperately lol and I needed to pick up some of his face products!' wrote Kim on Instagram. 'I'm obsessed with his flawless serum, eye cream and moisturizer!! I truly appreciate you.'
Board certified plastic surgeon Barry Weintraub, MD, FACS said there are no risks associated with flying after receiving Botox.
He added however that it is not advisable to travel after plastic surgery, and that patients should not fly until they receive clearance from their doctors.
'Each operation is different so how long you will have to wait to travel varies,' said Dr. Weintraub.
Kim shared a photo of herself with Dr. Simon Ourian on Monday after getting Botox before her Dancing With the Stars performance (left) and also promoted a teeth whitening system moments before her stroke (right)
Kim and partner Tony (right) on Monday night with Dancing With the Stars host Erin Andrews (left)
Kim in 2009 when she first appeared on Real Housewives (left) and on Monday in Los Angeles (right)
The former Real Housewives of Atlanta star, who currently stars on Bravo's Don't Be Tardy..., has always been open about her cosmetic procedures.
She has revealed in the past to having her breasts done, liposuction, and various fillers.
Just last month Andy Cohen asked Kim when she appeared on his show Watch What Happens Live if she had a nose job recently, but she scoffed at the question.
'I hear you, and I hear this all the time. But I want people to understand that I had a baby in 2011, one in 2012, and two in 2013, so I think the weight of all that, but no, I mean I haven't. I did my boobs, my tummy, I did it on my show, and just I haven't,' she told Andy.
Kim has six children, two teenage daughters from previous relationships - Brielle (second from right) and Ariana (left) - and four with her current husband, Atlanta Falcons defensive end Kroy - Kroy Jr.(seconf from left), Kash (right), and twins Kane (center) and Kaia
Kim credited her husband Kroy (left) and daughter Brielle and Brielle's boyfriend Slade (right) with saving her life
Kim has six children, two teenage daughters from previous relationships - Brielle and Ariana - and four with her current husband, Atlanta Falcons defensive end Kroy - Kroy Jr., Kash, and twins Kane and Kaia.
Brielle and Ariana were adopted by Kroy after he married their mother.
Kroy, 30, and Kim met in May of 2010 at the event Dancing with Atlanta Stars and were married just over a year later on November, 11, 2011, with Kim changing her outfit three times during the $1million ceremony.
The family currently lives in a sprawling 7,186 sq ft mansion that features five bedrooms, six-and-a-half bathrooms, a huge swimming pool, eight fireplaces and a two-story master closet.
They purchased the property in 2012 for $880,000 and then made major renovations to create what they call their 'dream home.'
Kim also thanked her close friend Niki Toney-Pressley for helping her when she had the stroke (above on Monday night at the Dancing taping with makeup artist Marina Rumppe)
During the five seasons she appeared on Real Housewives, Kim became known for her love of wigs, drinking white wine out of red Solo cups, smoking cigarettes and her tempestuous relationship with fellow cast member Nene Leakes.
The women began the series as best friends before having a major falling out and becoming mortal enemies.
The two now appear to have put aside their differences and become friends again, though a planned Bravo reality show about the pair traveling across the country on a road trip tentatively titled NeNe and Kim: The Road to Riches was scrapped after the women could not get on the same page and work out their schedules.
On the reunion show for the first season of Real Housewives, Kim told Andy Cohen that she thought she may have cancer, this after a caller asked why she always wore wigs.
Kim went on to claim that after losing her hair and 25 pounds, her doctors were 90% sure she had cancer.
She then told a story about waiting in the parking lot of a Chili's for her test results, and ultimately finding out she did not in fact have the disease.
Some 100 prehistoric "cult sites," complete with penis stone structures and artifacts with vulva shapes cut into them, have been discovered in the Eilat Mountains, an extremely arid area of the Negev Desert in Israel.
At the sites, which date back around 8,000 years, archaeologists discovered a variety of stone structures and artifacts, including stone circles that measure 1.5 to 2.5 meters across (roughly 5 to 8 feet) with penis-shaped installations pointing toward them. Other findings there include standing stones that reach up to 2.6 feet (80 centimeters) high, stone bowls and stone carvings that have a humanlike shape.
These sites are often clustered together. In one area the team discovered 44 cult sites in a spot encompassing only 0.8 square kilometers (less than 200 acres). "Taking in[to] consideration the topography, environmental conditions and the small number of known Neolithic habitations in the general southern Negev, the density of cult sites in this region is phenomenal," the team wrote in an article published recently in the Journal of the Israel Prehistoric Society. [See Photos of the Cult Sites and Stone Structures]
These sites were used for ritual activities of some form. Archaeologists know little about what activities went on at these sites although animal sacrifice, as seen from bones found there, seems to be one of them.
Fertility and death
Archaeologists are working to decipher any meaning from the artifacts and structures, noting that both death and fertility seem to be symbolized at the sites.
For instance, in addition to the penis-shaped structures, researchers also found that some of the stones have vulva-shaped holes cut into them. The circles that the penis-shaped structures point to also seem to represent females.
"The circle is a female symbol, and the elongated cell is a male one (phallus)," said Uzi Avner, a researcher with the Arava-Dead Sea Science Center and the Arava Institute, in an email to Live Science.
Death is "signified by the burial of stone objects and by setting them upside down," the team members wrote in their paper. In one case, a humanlike stone carving was found buried "with only the very top visible on the surface."
The two symbols identified so far, fertility and death, go hand in hand in many cultures. "Combinations of both are actually well-known in anthropological studies as relating to ancestral cult," the archaeologists wrote.
One of the 100 cult sites, dating back around 8,000 years, discovered in Israel's Eilat Mountains reveals a penis-shaped structure pointing toward the remains of a stone circle. Uzi Avner
Harsh landscape
The 100 cult sites were found in a mountainous area that receives only 20 mm (0.79 inches) of rain per year, on average, the archaeologists said.
Around 8,000 years ago it would have been somewhat wetter. "The climate of the 7th-6th millennia B.C. was a little moister than that of the present, 40%-20% more rainfall, but the desert was a desert," said Avner in the email.
The cult sites tended to be built in relatively flat sections of the mountains. "Their position on topographic 'shoulders' or comparatively flat locations probably enabled several dozens of people to gather around them, for example, an extended family," the archaeologists wrote.
The sites also provide a good view. "Commonly, a broad view is seen from the sites, so possibly, the scenery was one element in the selection of their location," the archaeologists added.
While the researchers discovered many cult sites, they found few domestic ones. "In contrast to the density of cult sites, only two small habitations and one small campsite were found on the ridge," they wrote, noting that these three sites were all associated with the cult sites.
More cult sites to discover
Many more sites in the area remain to be surveyed and described in published papers, Avner told Live Science. A "survey of a larger area yielded to date 349 cult sites," he said, adding that researchers are preparing these finds for publication.
"The number of cult sites recorded to date suggests that many more still await discovery," the researchers wrote."Many more may be found on the mountains of the Negev, southern Jordan and Sinai."
One "may think now of a vast phenomenon, of hundreds of mountain cult sites in the desert."
At this point you might think you're seeing the kind of madness you can get from two, not just one, a billion dollar software company.
Actually it makes a little more sense than it looks, as shown by the diagram below. The PNG file consists of a number of "chunks", one of which is an iTXt chunk which is designed to hold uncompressed text information. The PNG file was written with a large amount of whitespace padding at the end of the XMP packet so that an XMP editor could later add a few kilobytes of metadata without having to modify the entire file.
This looks absurd in the case of a very simple image which contains just 94 bytes of compressed data; it would seem even more absurd if one were using the image on the web or a mobile app. It makes more sense in a media workflow where people are working with large files: for instance, RAW camera files are frequently 20 MB or more and size, and 12kb of whitespace is a small price to pay, in that context, for an application like Adobe Lightroom or Microsoft Photos to update the metadata without needing to rewrite the entire file.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Belgian police released CCTV footage of a man wanted for the attack on Zaventem airport
Belgian police have released CCTV footage in a bid to identify the third attacker at Brussels airport, whose bomb did not explode and who fled.
He is seen wearing light-coloured clothing and a hat.
The death toll from last Tuesday's attacks on the airport and metro rose to 35 after four people died of their injuries in hospital.
More than 300 people were also injured in the attacks, which were claimed by the so-called Islamic State (IS) group.
The death toll does not include three attackers, two of whom blew themselves up at the airport and one in the metro.
Investigators have not commented on reports in the Belgian media that the third airport attacker is Faycal Cheffou, a freelance journalist arrested on Thursday outside the prosecutor's office.
On Saturday a man named Faycal C was charged with "participation in the activities of a terrorist group, terrorist murders and attempted terrorist murders", a prosecutor's statement said.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The death toll from the attacks has risen to 35, the authorities say
Separately, three men were charged on Monday with belonging to a terrorist group.
The three, whose names were given as Yassine A, Mohamed B and Aboubaker O, were arrested during raids on 13 addresses on Sunday. A fourth man was released without charge.
Belgium terror arrests
Image copyright EVN
Salah Abdeslam - arrested on 18 March in the Molenbeek district of Brussels. Key suspect in the Paris attacks last November. Charged with "terrorist murder"
'Amine Choukri' - arrested on 18 March with Abdeslam, real name not yet known. Also used the alias Monir Ahmed Alaaj. Documented by German police near Ulm in a car with Abdeslam last October. Charged with "terrorist murder" over the Paris attacks
Facyal C - arrested on 24 March outside the prosecutor's office in central Brussels and charged with "participation in the activities of a terrorist group, terrorist murders and attempted terrorist murders"
Rabah N - arrested on 25 March and charged with participating in terrorist activities in relation to a foiled plot to attack Paris
Abderamane A - shot in the leg and arrested on 25 March at a tram stop in the Schaerbeek area of Brussels. Charged in relation to the foiled plot to attack Paris. Jailed for seven years in France in 2005 and banned from entering France for life aiding in the assassination of Afghan commander Ahmed Shah Massoud in 2001.
Aboubakar A - arrested on 24 March in a car in Brussels, charged with participating in terrorist activities
Yassine A, Mohamed B and Aboubaker O - arrested during raids on 27 March and charged with belonging to a terrorist group
Belgian Health Minister Maggie De Block announced the latest deaths in a tweet: "Four patients deceased in hospital. Medical teams did all possible. Total victims: 35. Courage to all the families."
Of the 35 victims, seven have still to be identified, the country's crisis centre said on Monday (in French).
At least 12 of the victims are foreign nationals from the US, the Netherlands, Sweden, Germany, France, the UK, Italy and China, it said earlier.
More arrests have also taken place in relation to what authorities say were planned attacks on France.
A man already in Belgian custody was reported to have been charged in connection with a foiled attack in the Paris region.
Separately, Dutch police announced on Sunday evening that they had detained a Frenchman, 32, in Rotterdam at the request of French authorities.
He was arrested on suspicion of preparing an attack in France and will be extradited to the country. Three other people were also detained.
The Frenchman is allegedly linked to Reda Kriket, who was arrested in a Paris suburb on Thursday and said to be in the "advanced stage" of plotting an attack, AFP news agency reported, citing a police source.
Indian names are based on a variety of systems and naming conventions, which vary from region to region. Names are also influenced by religion and caste and may come from epics. India's population speaks a wide variety of languages and nearly every major religion in the world has a following in India. This variety makes for subtle, often confusing, differences in names and naming styles. Due to historical Indian cultural influences, many names across South and Southeast Asia are influenced or adaptations of Indian names or words.
For some Indians, their birth name is different from their official name; the birth name starts with a randomly selected name from the person's horoscope (based on the nakshatra or lunar mansion corresponding to the person's birth).
Many children are given three names, sometimes as a part of religious teaching.
Indian names, written in roman letters may use the letters for the vowels to denote different sounds than is conventional in American or British English.
The Sanskrit/devanagari vowels अ (u̱nder), आ /a/, इ (in), ई (eat), उ (put), ऊ /u/, ए (ate), ऐ (eye), ओ /o/, औ (how), are mapped to 'a', 'aa', 'i', 'ee', 'u', 'oo', 'ae', 'ei', 'o', 'ou', in that order, in most transcriptions of Indian names into English.
Thus 'Ekamresh' is pronounced 'AkaamrAsh' where the capitalized A's represent the long 'a' (as in the name of the letter) and the 'aa' has the vowel sound in 'ah'. The short 'a' and short 'o' of American English are absent in Indian languages and their use can often result in mispronunciation of Indian names.
Furthermore, the letters used in English for the retroflex consonants (t and d) are also used to sound dentals (as in 'math' and 'the'), especially when they occur in the beginning of a word. As an example, the India name 'Dev' would not have its first consonant pronounced as in the American name 'Dave'. Similarly the name 'Tarun' would not have its first consonant sounded as in 'Tom'.
The letter 'h' is used to aspirate certain consonants. So, in the names 'Khare', 'Ghanshyam', 'Kaccha', 'Jhumki', 'Vitthal', 'Ranchodh', 'Thimmayya', 'Uddhav', 'Phaneesh', and 'Bhanu', the sounds 'ka', 'ga', 'cha', 'ja', 'ta' (retroflex), 'da' (retroflex), 'ta' (dental), 'da' (dental), 'pa', and 'ba' are sounded with a strong outward breath.
Names by states [ edit ]
Bengali names [ edit ]
Bengali Brahmin surnames include Mukherjee, Banerjee, Chatterjee, Ganguly, Ghoshal, Goswami, Sanyal, etc. A Brahmin name is often the name of the clan or gotra, but can be an honorific, such as Chakraborty or Bhattacharya. Common Baidya surnames are Sengupta, Dasgupta, Duttagupta, Gupta, Sen-Sharma, etc. Bengali Kayastha surnames include Basu, Bose, Dutta, Ghosh, Guha, Gain, Mitra, Singh/Sinha, Sen, Pal, De/Dey/Deb/Dev, Palit, Chanda/Chandra, Das, Dam, Kar, Nandi, Sarkar,Nag, Som etc.[1]
Kashmir [ edit ]
Kashmiri names often have the following format: first name, middle name (optional), family name. (For example: Jawahar Lal Nehru)
Nicknames often replace family names. Hence, some family names like Razdan and Nehru may very well be derived originally from the Kaul family tree.[2]
Goa [ edit ]
Konkani people inhabiting Goa, and also Konkan regions of Karnataka and Maharashtra, are traditionally patriarchal. Many of the originally Hindu residents were converted to Catholicism by the Portuguese. Generally, the first name is followed by the father's name, though this is now mostly observed by Hindus.[3]
Village names were used only after the arrival of the Portuguese, when the people migrated from their ancestral villages. A suffix kar or hailing from was attached to the village name.[4]
Almost all the Konkani Catholics have Portuguese surnames like Rodrigues, Fernandes, Pereira and D'Souza.[5][6] Catholic families belonging to the Roman Catholic Brahmin (Bamonn) caste use lusophonised versions of Hindu surnames like Prabhu, Bhat, etc.[7]
Tamil Nadu [ edit ]
Usually, Tamil names follow this pattern: Initial (Village name), Initial (Father's name), First Name, Caste name (Example: E.V. Ramasamy, where E stands for Erode, and V stands for the father's name).There is a widespread usage of a patronym (use of the father's first name as the second name). This means that the first name of one generation becomes the second name of the next. In many cases, the father's name appear as an initial and thus the first name may be presented as a second name. When written in full (for example, on a passport[8]), the initial is expanded as last name. For example, a name like "R. Ramesh" or "Ramesh R.", will be written in full as "Ramesh Ramaiah", and refers to "Ramesh son of Ramaiah". If Ramesh then has a son named Ashwin, then his name would be "R. Ashwin" or "Ashwin Ramesh". There is also a general custom for Tamil women to adopt their husband's first name as their second name. Sunitha Saravanan (Sunitha daughter of Saravanan) might change her name to Sunitha Ram Kumar (Sunitha wife of Ram Kumar) after marriage. However, these customs vary from family to family and are normally never carried on over successive generations.
Some Tamils also use an inverted patronym. For example, Swati Krishna might write her name as Krishna Swati, making her patronym the first name and first name the last name. More common among women, the inverted patronym is also adopted by people migrating to the West who want to be called by their first names without having to explain Indian naming conventions. In earlier times a caste name or village name was used by the Tamils as their surname, but the present day generation is wary to do so. However, people influenced by northern India or western civilization frequently adopt their father's or husband's name and take it for successive generations.
The various Tamil caste names include Paraiyar, Vishwakarma, Aachari, Konar, Idaiyar, Reddiar, Udayar, Yadhavar, Iyer, Iyengar, Pillai, Mudaliar, Thevar, Nadar, Chettiar, Gounder, Naicker etc. The naming is therefore done in the fashion: Sunitha Ram Kumar Iyer. Hindus in Tamil Nadu view the practice of adding the full family name to an individuals name to be a heretic practice, as according to their beliefs, the individuals heritage does not trump his or her own identity. And hence they are known to only use initials besides their name except for when caste names are given more preference by certain families rather than the family name itself.[9][10]
Indexing [ edit ]
According to the Chicago Manual of Style, Indian names are usually indexed by the family name, with the family name separated from the other names by a comma, but indexing may differ according to the local usage and the preferences of the individual.[11]
Notes [ edit ]
Getty Images photographer John Moore has spent years covering stories about immigration between Mexico and the United States—border enforcement, drug smuggling, undocumented workers, and more. Earlier this year, he traveled south to the Mexico-Guatemala border, where Central American immigrants cross the Suchiate River, beginning their long and perilous journey north through Mexico. He traveled with some of the thousands of immigrants who ride atop freight trains, known as "la bestia," or the Beast, toward the U.S. border. Riders on the Beast risk a great deal—robbery and assault by gangs who control the train tops, or the loss of life or limb in a fall. Only a fraction of the immigrants who start the journey in Central America will traverse Mexico completely unscathed—and all this before illegally entering the United States and facing the considerable U.S. border security apparatus designed to track, detain, and deport them. Moore has captured images not only of their difficult journey, but of the faces of these travelers, telling their stories through compelling portraits taken in shelters and jails along the way.
Increases Intel's ability to deliver silicon convergence, integrate hardware and software programmability
US based programmable logic application provider Altera has signed a deal with Intel to manufacture field-programmable gate array (FPGA) based on Intel's 14nm tri-gate transistor technology.
The FPGAs will be used in the ultra high-performance systems of military, wireline communications, cloud networking, compute and storage applications.
The agreement will allow Altera to include 14nm technology to the previously announced 20 nm technologies, to expand its product portfolio with better performance, bandwidth and power efficiency.
Altera president, CEO and chairman John Daane said: "Altera's FPGAs using Intel 14 nm technology will enable customers to design with the most advanced, highest-performing FPGAs in the industry."
Intel chief operating officer Brian Krzanich said, "Next-generation products from Altera require the highest performance and most power-efficient technology available, and Intel is well positioned to provide the most advanced offerings."
The field-programmable gate array (FPGA) is a semiconductor device that can be programmed after manufacturing.
SAUK RAPIDS - Six 4 th grade boys at Mississippi Heights Elementary in Sauk Rapids started a lunchtime book club to share their love of reading.
"We kind of pick the book as a group and we want the book to be where everyone can read and relate to it. Like sports, because we all play sports here," 4th grader Ethan Swanson says.
Dan DeBaun, WJON
Swanson and his friend Nicholas Anderson decided to form a club after finding books they wanted to read in the school library. They created a small group with several of their other friends to share their enthusiasm for reading.
The other four members of the club are Zach Swanson , Colin Gruber , Clayton Shofield and Ben Condon . The group is so dedicated to the idea that they cut into their lunchtime twice a week to eat together and have discussions.
"We usually read a chapter or two every time we meet. Then the next time we ask questions about it and other people have to answer them," Anderson says.
The group meets for about half-an-hour on Mondays and Thursdays. It's a group with no shortage of personality -- they crack a lot of jokes and make funny faces at each other while reading. However, at the same time, the group prides itself with staying on task and keeping each other accountable for the reading.
Everyone is expected to contribute and ask questions during discussion.
"We know if they don't answer a question that they haven't been reading," Anderson says with a smile.
The club formed after teachers approved the idea. The group plans to finish at least five books this year.
"We're reading bigger books, like chapter books," Swanson says.
It's a simple way for the 4 th graders to share time together and their love of books.
"It just really brings out the fun. When you're sitting in a car with nothing to do, you have that book next to you to just bring you to a whole new world," Swanson says.
IN THE internet age, the threats of a man sitting at his computer can spread strife across the globe in moments.
That's what happened when Frankston man Jarrad Willis, 20, allegedly posted a hoax blog on the internet warning of a shooting rampage at the Grove shopping centre in Beverly Hills. He claimed the shooting would happen on December 6 and for good measure posted a photograph of a man holding a shotgun.
Los Angeles police, fearing a copycat massacre just two days after a shopping centre shooting in Omaha, Nebraska, killed eight people, alerted the Grove centre and started a global manhunt. The police operation cost about $100,000.
But shoppers were never in danger.
Los Angeles police deputy chief of counter-terrorism and criminal intelligence Michael Downing said it was "a sick joke for sure that is criminal in intent and we hope that he gets punished for his actions".
Sometime before I was just roaming around in the landOfLisp and I came across different spaceships of different guilds of Functional Programming that are going to save the earth from the unholy creatures: Bugs ! That degrade our software quality.
I was trying to map everything to Scala as it can also be written in a functional way. Then I came across a guild name Continuation. I was quite fascinated with this because it allowed us to travel time in our code.
So basically , continuations is a way to put “time travel” into our code.
In a more technical way ,
A continuation is an abstract representation of the control state of a computer program. So what it actually means is that it is a data structure that represents the computational process at a given point in the process's execution; the created data structure can be accessed by the programming language, instead of being hidden in the runtime environment.
To explain it further we can have one of the most classic examples,
Say you're in the kitchen in front of the refrigerator, thinking about a sandwich. You take a continuation right there and stick it in your pocket. Then you get some turkey and bread out of the refrigerator and make yourself a sandwich, which is now sitting on the counter. You invoke the continuation in your pocket, and you find yourself standing in front of the refrigerator again, thinking about a sandwich. But fortunately, there's a sandwich on the counter, and all the materials used to make it are gone. So you eat it. 🙂
In this description, the sandwich is part of the program data (e.g., an object on the heap), and rather than calling a “make sandwich” routine and then returning, the person called a “make sandwich with current continuation” routine, which creates the sandwich and then continues where execution left off.
Wasn't that amazing !
Continuations can solve many difficult high-level problems, like programming a web server that supports multiple pages, accessed by the use of the forward and back buttons and by following links.
Here is some history taken from land of Lisp, if you want to check it out .
So how does Scala support it ?
Scala supports Continuation from its version 2.8 inside the scala.util.continuations
Dependency can be added inside the build.sbt like this
libraryDependencies += “org.scala-lang.plugins” % “scala-continuations-plugin_2.11.1” % “1.0.2”
You can also look for the newest version here.
Now here is a quick example for defining how they work.
reset { println ( "A" ) shift { k1 : ( Unit => Unit ) => println ( "B" ) k1 () println ( "C" ) } println ( "D" ) shift { k2 : ( Unit => Unit ) => println ( "E" ) k2 () println ( "F" ) } println ( "G" ) }
Now what do you think ? What should be the output. ? Take a guess!
The output would be
A B D E G F C
Hence from this example you can see that how the control is passing to and fro.
For more insight you can refer to Jim-Macbeth's blog
Scala's continuations are most commonly used in scala's async library which is a way for implementing the asynchronous block of code just like Future. Currently scala is supporting the continuations but as they have stated in the newsletter
We are looking for maintainers to take over the following modules: scala-swing, scala-continuations. 2.12 will not include them if no new maintainer is found. We will likely keep maintaining the other modules (scala-xml, scala-parser-combinators), but help is still greatly appreciated.
So they are looking for a maintainer and i hope they find it.!
Here are some more links related to this topic.
I hope you enjoyed the blog. ! Keep reading 🙂
References:
Everybody knows that there are 24 hours in a day, 60 minutes in an hour, and 60 seconds in minute.* But in 1793, the French smashed the old clock in favor of French Revolutionary Time: a 10-hour day, with 100 minutes per hour, and 100 seconds per minute. This thoroughly modern system had a few practical benefits, chief among them being a simplified way to do time-related math: if we want to know when a day is 70% complete, decimal time simply says "at the end of the seventh hour," whereas standard time requires us to say "at 16 hours, 48 minutes." French Revolutionary Time was a more elegant solution to that math problem. The trick was that every living person already had a well-established way to tell time, and old habits die hard.
Noon is Now at 5
French Revolutionary Time officially began on November 24, 1793 although conceptual work around the system had been going on since the 1750s. The French manufactured clocks and watches showing both decimal time and standard time on their faces (allowing for conversion and confusion). These clock faces were spectacularly weird. Here's one -- see if you can figure out when primetime TV starts:
Decimal clock photo by "Cormullion," used under Creative Commons license via Wikimedia
The system proved unpopular. People were unfamiliar with switching systems of time, and there were few practical reasons for non-mathematicians to change how they told time. (The same could not be said of the metric system of weights and measurements, which helped to standardize commerce; weights and measurements often differed in neighboring countries, but clocks generally did not.) Furthermore, replacing every clock and watch in the country was a spendy proposition. The French officially stopped using decimal time after just 17 months -- French Revolutionary Time became non-mandatory starting on April 7, 1795. This didn't stop some areas of the country from continuing to observe decimal time, and a few decimal clocks remained in use for years afterwards, presumably leading to many missed appointments.
Other Attempts at Decimal Time
The French tried again in 1897, when the Commission de décimalisation du temps proposed a 24-hour day with 100-minute hours, again with 100 seconds per minute. This proposal was scrapped in 1900.
And then of course there's the Stardate, a pseudo-decimal system of date measurement used in Star Trek. Unsurprisingly, the Stardate started out being supremely imprecise and was just supposed to sound futuristic; here's a snippet from the Star Trek Guide for teleplay writers on the original series:
We invented "Stardate" to avoid continually mentioning Star Trek's century (actually, about two hundred years from now), and getting into arguments about whether this or that would have developed by then. Pick any combination of four numbers plus a percentage point, use it as your story's stardate. For example, 1313.5 is twelve o'clock noon of one day and 1314.5 would be noon of the next day. Each percentage point is roughly equivalent to one-tenth of one day. The progression of stardates in your script should remain constant but don't worry about whether or not there is a progression from other scripts. Stardates are a mathematical formula which varies depending on location in the galaxy, velocity of travel, and other factors, can vary widely from episode to episode.
And lest we forget Swiss watchmakers in all of this, Swatch introduced their own bizarro decimal time system in 1998. Called Swatch Internet Time, it divided the day into ".beats" (yes, with a dot) and referred to a particular .beat using the @ symbol (so you might say, "ICQ me at @484 so we can swap some beenz, LOL!"). Each .beat lasted 1 minute and 26.4 seconds and represented 1/1000 of a day. Nope, not confusing @all.
See Also
The French Republican Calendar was another attempt by revolutionary France to decimalize everything. It wasn't particularly successful. Also interesting is the Chinese ke, a unit of decimal time.
* = There are actually several exceptions to the 24/60/60 rule, most notably leap seconds, but let's keep it simple.
David Cameron sounded a warning ahead of the EU referendum | Chris Ratcliffe/Getty Images David Cameron: Brexit could lead to war Peace can't be guaranteed among countries that have been ‘at each others throats for decades.'
A British exit from the EU could put the Continent at risk of war, Prime Minister David Cameron is expected to say in a speech in London Monday.
Cameron will argue the EU has helped unite countries that had been "at each others throats for decades," according to British papers, which previewed parts of the speech Monday morning.
"Can we be so sure that peace and stability on our Continent are assured beyond any shadow of doubt? Is that a risk worth taking? I would never be so rash as to make that assumption," Cameron is expected to say.
"The truth is this: what happens in our neighborhood matters to Britain."
"That was true in 1914, in 1940 and in 1989. Or, you could add 1588, 1704 and 1815.... And if things go wrong in Europe, let's not pretend we can be immune from the consequences."
Cameron's address will be followed by Leave campaigner and former London Mayor Boris Johnson, who will outline the “cosmopolitan case for Brexit,” the BBC reported.
Cameron has at least one high-ranking supporter: European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker echoed the British prime minister's warning in an interview with German media, published Monday.
Juncker said a Brexit after the June 23 referendum would "surely have unforeseeable consequences on European cooperation." He added: "I absolutely do not wish to speculate about [those consequences] because I am convinced that Britons will make the reasonable decision.”
A new Ipsos MORI poll found 58 percent of Italians and 55 percent of French already wanted a referendum on their own EU membership, regardless of the outcome of the British vote, the FT reported.
This cigar was reviewed blind (no bands) by a panel of at least 4 reviewers. They did not know what they were smoking beforehand. The scores are an average of all the reviewers' scores with outliers removed.
Vital Stats:
Vitola: Corona Gorda
Length: 5.6″
Ring Gauge: 46
Country of Origin: U.S.A.
Wrapper: Nicaraguan Habano 2002
Binder: Jalapa
Filler: Esteli and Jalapa Ligero
Factory: GR Tabacaleras Unidas Co.
Blender: George Rico
Number of reviewers: 5 —– Ron (shuckins) Milton (mjohnsoniii) Cindy (Ms_CindyLynn) Emmett (rhetorik) Craig (WyldKnyght)
Price: $7.50
Age: 2 Months Rest
Release Date: July 2013
Contributed by: George Rico Cigars
Initial Impressions
Appearance: 92
“Just gorgeous looking. Almost a perfect wrapper in color and smoothness. Looks to be maybe a habano wrapper. The pig tail is the icing on the cake of the triple cap. The only thing keeping it from a perfect score is the slightly oblong roundness.” –Emmett (rhetorik)
Aroma: 93
“Some nice sweet tobacco flavors, maybe a little nuttiness.” –Craig (WyldKnyght)
First Third
Flavor: 93
Strength: Medium-Strong
Body/Complexity: Medium-Full
“There is a citrus zing, leather, and pepper. The pepper definitely hits the back of the throat. The leather is sweet on my lips. Through the retrohale I actually found a sweet BBQ flavor? It was pretty interesting.” –Cindy (Ms_CindyLynn)
“I immediately get a sweet tangyness that I was not expecting, a very nice surprise. After the first few puffs settle in, I can instantly tell this is a cigar I'm going to enjoy. I'm getting just the right amount of red pepper and leather, still with just that hint of sweetness in the background. Moving through the third, I've decided the sweetness is a candied almond. Just great.” –Emmett (rhetorik)
Second Third
Flavor: 93
Strength: Medium-Strong
Body/Complexity: Medium-Full
“Creamy cedar with light coffee and leather are blending nicely with the nutmeg, cocoa, and splashes of pepper that show up now and then.” –Ron (shuckins)
“There was a lot of spice on the retrohale that singed the nostrils and left cumin lingering at the back of the throat. I'm not really used to lighter wrapped cigars having so much spice but this one packed a decent punch without being overwhelming. I also detected some raisins as well.” –Milton (mjohnsoniii)
Final Third
Flavor: 92
Strength: Medium-Strong
Body/Complexity: Medium-Full
“The spice was still very prominent when retrohaling and the cashew-type nuttiness died down a bit. Raw leather, a bit of coffee and a hint of sweetness presented itself during this third. I can't say it knocked my socks off but it was enjoyable nonetheless.” –Milton (mjohnsoniii)
“The strength has backed off a bit in this third, and the profile has become more woody than previous thirds. That citrus flavor is still there, maybe turning into a cherry. I'm enjoying this immensely and I can't wait to find out what it is. The finish is quite long and very citrusy.” –Emmett (rhetorik)
Overall Impressions
Draw: 93
“Very good draw, think typical cuban draw, a little tight but gets the job done.” –Emmett (rhetorik)
Burn: 90
“This cigar required no touch-ups and burned fairly even throughout its length.” –Milton (mjohnsoniii)
Construction: 95
“Very well constructed, nice and firm with a little sponginess, no soft or hard spots found.” –Craig (WyldKnyght)
Overall Strength: Medium-Strong
Overall Body/Complexity: Medium-Full
Overall Experience: 93
“Wonderful. Great. Awesome. I would definitely smoke again.. And again. Definitely recommend! Box-worthy!” –Cindy (Ms_CindyLynn)
“This was, by no means, the best cigar I've had but it proved to be a decent hour and a half. The flavors intermingled well between the nuttiness and spiciness that came and went. The profile wasn't necessarily in my wheelhouse and I can't see myself scouring the earth to find a box, but by all means, if you wanna split one, I'm in.” –Milton (mjohnsoniii)
“One of my favorite smokes this year, right up my alley. I enjoyed every minute of it and is definitely a must-buy for me. The flavor profile was very cuban in nature, but I'm not convinced it was a cuban. I would smoke this baby every day.” –Emmett (rhetorik)
Smoking Time (in minutes): 89
Total Score: 93 (Great)
Reviewer Appea-rance Aroma 1/3 2/3 3/3 Draw Burn Constr. Overall Overall 92 93 93 93 92 93 90 95 93 Ron 90 93 93 93 93 93 88 95 90 Milton 92 93 90 90 90 88 90 95 93 Cindy 95 95 100 97 97 100 98 100 100 Emmett 97 93 97 100 95 97 98 95 97 Craig 90 90 88 90 90 90 90 90 90
To view the complete scores and notes, click here.
by Claude Carpentieri
“We're celebrating our 40th birthday in style”, announced the Sun yesterday.
With a series of self-congratulatory quotes (i.e. from people like Simon Cowell), Britain's own bible belters have kickstarted a series of “sparkling birthday features”.
It's undisputed that the Sun managed to push its way to the forefront of Britain's contemporary culture. From shifting the nation's attention towards mammary glands, through their contribution to harmony and cohesion, and all the way to reasoned and fact-based news reporting, the Sun has indeed become the epitome of British phlegm, “a national institution” (according to the Sun itself).
But to spare the Sun the risk of sliding into self-important back-slapping mode, which would be soooo unlike them, we've decided to help them celebrate the rag's history with a short roll of honour of some of its most memorable moments.
It's May 1982 and, in the midst of the Falklands' war, it is announced that the British troops have sunk an Argentine ship called General Belgrano, killing 300 people. The Sun‘s own contribution comes in the guise of a sombre, level-headed headline: “GOTCHA“.
In 1987 the Sun completely made up allegations about singer Elton John and rent boys. They ended up paying £1m in libel damages.
The incident looked positively tame compared to what happened two years later. The Hillsborough tragedy became one of Britain's most dramatic moments. The Sun decided to lend a helping hand by publishing the headline “THE TRUTH”, falsely claiming that Liverpool supporters urinated on rescue workers and picked the pockets of crushed victims.
Nothing, of course, like the stalking of Clare Short in 2003. The Birmingham Ladywood MP dared to speak out against Page 3- effectively attempting to deprive Britain's lads of their right to access basic masturbating tools. The Sun‘s response? As they don't do hysteria, they opted for a subtle, discreet and persuasive ploy.
As Clare Short recounts:
“[t]his LED to busloads of Page 3 girls parked outside my house all day in the hope of setting up embarrassing photos, and mock-up pictures of me as a very fat Page 3 girl. They even sent half-dressed people to the house I share with my 84-year-old mother in Birmingham and had people hiding in cars and chasing me down the street in an effort to get embarrassing photographs”>.
And if the word ‘bullying' springs to mind, then get a life. The Sun were only messing about. Like when they unleashed a hate campaign against Swiss referee Uri Meier in the follow-up of the controversial Euro 2004 exit of England against Portugal. After urging readers to “let rip” and send him emails, the tabloid stalked the referee's home in northern Switzerland and published his address. Fed up of death threats and afraid for his family, Mr Meier was soon forced to move.
But if that was just a question of sport, no-one can deny the Sun's contribution to community relations.
Like last year's completely fabricated “Muslim terror hit list” story, or the other about a Muslim bus driver who allegedly “kicked passengers off the bus” so that he could pray.
In July 2003, the rag's front page sported the headline “SWAN BAKE: Asylum seekers steal the Queen's birds for barbecues”. At least on that occasion the Sun apologised. Five months later. On page 41.
Part two of this piece is here.
Six "persons of interest" were taken into custody for questioning.
Pittsburgh police investigators converged on a neighborhood where three students were shot not far from Brashear High School on Nov. 13, 2013. (Photo11: Gene J. Puskar, AP)
Three students were shot and wounded Wednesday afternoon minutes after a Pittsburgh high school was dismissed for the day, police said.
Six "persons of interest" from two homes about a mile away were taken into custody for questioning, acting Police Chief Regina McDonald said at a news briefing two hours after the 2:50 p.m. shooting. A small child was also taken away.
The three boys suffered non-life-threatening injuries when they were ambushed near Brashear High School as they walked to their car, said Pittsburgh school district spokeswoman Ebony Pugh. Two are 17 and one is 16 years old.
Police spokeswoman Diane Richard said the shooting may have been retaliation for an Oct. 18 "incident" that put the school in lockdown for a week. She said the incident involved a fight and may have been drug-related.
Police reported that gunfire came from a wooded hill overlooking the school. There were conflicting reports on whether there was one gunman or possibly three shooters.
STORT: Schools safe as ever despite spate of shootings, scares
Witnesses said the shooter or shooters were dressed in black and retreated into woods around the school, Richard said. She could not confirm that the gunman or gunmen emerged from the woods.
One student was grazed in the head, another was hit in the leg and foot and the other was shot in the neck and shoulder, Richard said. None are talking to police, she added.
Their identities have not been released.
Richard said officials learned of the shooting when the student grazed in the head made his way back to the school and was pulled inside by an administrator.
Terri Minor said her 17-year-old nephew was shot in the neck. She said he and his two friends who were wounded were practicing for the basketball team.
About 1,400 students are enrolled at Brashear, the city's largest high school. The South Hills Middle School, with about 580 students, occupies a portion of the building.
Jacklyn Reft, a Brashear junior, told reporters she was at cheerleading practice when teachers and administrators came and took students to the library and then to rooms without windows. She estimated about 100 students were still in the school when they learned of the shooting.
"We all got into a little bit of a panic," she said. "There were some people crying when they found out who was shot."
Both schools will be open Thursday but will be on a modified lockdown for the rest of the week, Pittsburgh Public Schools superintendent Linda Lane announced. Modified lockdown means that only students, staff and visitors with a scheduled appointment may enter the building.
"We are taking this matter seriously and focusing on the safety of our students," she said in a statement. "Our thoughts go out to the families of the victims."
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1cp22xQ
© Sanfis Daly
Dear Formula Company,Fuck you. Not only did you have to throw gasoline on the mommy wars. Not only did you have to twist your little victimized puppets even more so they get all teary eyed and feel at home in their victimized roles. Not only did you have to confirm that breasts only sell beer or belong on porn sites. Not only did you distract from necessary, reasonable discourse on infant health. Not only did you brazenly use female insecurities to profit.But, you also made the males a group of dumb, lazy, uneducated dads who don't really care either way and relinquish any important decisions to the female, as if we aren't invested in the health and wellbeing of our babies. As if we are incapable of caring about something as important as what babies grow on.Once again to make a buck, a company has decided to characterize us as bumbling idiots who can't be bothered to stand up for what's important or who would rather grill some dogs and laugh about boobs than stand tall next to our females. Really, the big spot we get on your mega-million commercial is the overused repertoire of men sitting around a picnic table talking about the female breast?Your ad has a lot wrong with it, on many levels, some of which are probably lost on people who refuse to learn about basic marketing techniques or who don't want to open their eyes to the psychological techniques in the advertising industry.A lot of mothers probably watched your ad with oxytocin flowing as tears ran down their cheeks. The hate! The oppression! Oh, the hardships of the evil ladies with boobs a'flopping everywhere coming after them! How wonderful that a formula company has come to save the day. For a price.You could've stopped there. It was enough to take something as important as the complete nutrition and emotional development of infants and denigrate it to the level of a personal opinion. But, no. You had to add in the dads.Well, let me remind you. Dads are not stupid. We are not pliable formula mouthpieces. We might not easily or naturally lactate, but we still parent.When my wife was learning how to breastfeed, I was by her side. When the babies awaken at night, I'm there to help. I've read a damn piece of medical literature or two or eighty. I've done what I can to support, encourage, and appreciate my wife's breastfeeding relationship with my children.I am not a mindless, stupid drone who thinks boobies are for me to motorboat or stare at on a porn site.You can take your pseudo-psychology marketing gimmicks and shove them in a can of formula. At least one dad didn't buy into your dumbed down message and sure didn't appreciate your attempt to once again frame men as spineless idiots.And I sure as hell don't wear crotchdanglers. For genitals' sakes, did you have to show so many crotchdanglers?With a sincere "Fuck You,"~ A dad who gives a shit
Quote The number of U.S. adults without health insurance has grown by some 2 million this year, according to a major new survey that finds recent coverage gains beginning to erode. … That may be a reflection of rising premiums and dwindling choices in the insurance markets created under Obama.
Survey: US Uninsured Up By 2M This Year As Gains Erode
Ricardo Alonso-Zaldivar
Associated Press
July 10, 2017
The number of U.S. adults without health insurance has grown by some 2 million this year, according to a major new survey that finds recent coverage gains beginning to erode.
…
The Gallup-Sharecare survey serves as a kind of early indicator, publishing several months before the nimblest government surveys. The most recent government report found that progress reducing the number of uninsured stalled in 2016, after five consecutive years of coverage gains under Obama.
Peering at this year, Gallup-Sharecare found an erosion of progress, with the number of uninsured edging up again. It estimated nearly 2 million dropped out of coverage.
Survey: United States uninsured population up by 2 million this year
The losses were concentrated among younger adults and people buying their own health insurance policies, the survey found.
That may be a reflection of rising premiums and dwindling choices in the insurance markets created under Obama.
…
Gallup-Sharecare found that the uninsured rate rose by 1.9 percentage points among adults aged 18-25 since the end of last year, and 1.5 points among those aged 26-34.
Participation by young adults is considered vital for keeping health insurance premiums in check. But young adults are also likely to enjoy good health and may not recognize value in having coverage.
Read the full article here.
John Kasich, who bills himself as a “conservative” while campaigning for the 2016 GOP nomination, is pushing for more severe “green energy” mandates in his home state of Ohio.
According to Bizjournals.com, Kasich spokesman Joe Andrews said:
A continued freeze of Ohio's energy standards is unacceptable and we stand willing to work with the Ohio General Assembly to craft a bill that supports a diverse mix of reliable, low-cost energy sources while preserving the gains we have made in the state's economy.
Andrews continued that when the governor signed Ohio Senate Bill 310 last year, he “rejected the efforts by those who'd like to kill renewable-energy and energy-efficiency efforts altogether.”
Last year, Kasich created the Energy Mandates Study Committee, which has recommended that a freeze on “green energy” mandates be continued “indefinitely” in Ohio, advice that Kasich appears ready to dismiss. The committee writes:
The US EPA, by promulgation of the proposed CPP, seeks to change the energy landscape significantly across the United States. Each state, including Ohio, will be handed interim and final targets that dictate carbon dioxide emission levels. However, there are a number of outstanding questions about the CPP that the US EPA has yet to answer, in addition to federal court lawsuits that challenge the very foundation of the rule. Until the US EPA provides greater clarity on the operation of the CPP, and until litigation is resolved, the General Assembly should freeze the Mandates at their current levels.
As Watchdog.org reports, a new group of Kasich supporters called the Ohio Conservative Energy Forum (CEF) is also urging more restrictive energy mandates. The group is led by Mike Hartley, who was also named Ohio director of Kasich's presidential campaign. Similarly, Ohio Right to Life President Mike Gonidakis– Kasich appointee to the state medical board–is a member of the Ohio CEF leadership council.
Other supporters of the group include Kasich campaign promoters Ohio Young Republicans and the Ohio Federation of College Republicans.
According to its website, the Ohio CEF leadership council states:
The goal of the OHCEF is to provide a vehicle for individuals, organizations, and businesses to join the conservative conversation about Ohio's energy future in pursuit of an all-of-the-above energy policy that lowers systemic costs by increasing commitment to developing homegrown clean energy resources and expanding energy efficiency.
While green energy lobbyists are backing Kasich and Ohio CEF as “conservative” supporters of more severe energy restrictions, free market think tank Opportunity Ohio President Matt Mayer said, “I'm bewildered by Gov. John Kasich's leftish stance on energy issues.”
“From his tax hike attack on the oil and gas industry to pro-renewable mandate support, Kasich frankly isn't much different than a Democratic governor would be,” he added. “Unfortunately, his anti-free market energy positions will increase costs on businesses and consumers in Ohio and lead to job losses.”
AT&T Argues That More Competition Is Bad For You & Leads To Higher Prices
from the economics-free-zone dept
"The more competitors you have, the less efficient the allocation of spectrum will be," he said. "It's got to change. I don't think the market's going to accommodate the number of competitors there are in the landscape."
Apparently AT&T-land is a place where basic economics doesn't apply. AT&T boss Randall Stephenson, still hurt from the rejection of his attempted merger with T-Mobile, is telling the world that greater competition means higher prices and less efficient markets . That this goes against nearly all understanding of economics seems like an important point that would be worth bringing up to Stephenson, but apparently the reporters present didn't bother. In particular, he claims that AT&T had to increase its data rates by 30% because it doesn't own T-Mobile. That makes no sense, but okay. Then he claims that competition makes things less efficient:This is how a monopolist argues: if we controlled everything, why things would be much more efficient. He's seriously arguing that the fact that they have to compete for resources means that they can't get the same level of monopoly rents. Yeah, that's called capitalism, where you actually have to compete in the market. I mean, I'm sure UPS hates that it has to share the roads with FedEx (so inefficient), but it's actually good for the consumers to have real competition. Apparently, though, AT&T has a different point of view.
Filed Under: competition, data rates, monopoly, randall stephenson
Companies: at&t, t-mobile
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry gestures as he speaks during a visit at Expo Milan in Milan, Italy, October 17, 2015. REUTERS/Alessandro Garofalo
MILAN (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry urged global leaders on Saturday to agree an “ambitious” deal at a climate conference in Paris in December, saying global warming was the biggest threat to global food security.
“We need every country on the same page, pushing an ambitious, durable and inclusive agreement that will finally put us on the path toward a global clean-energy future,” Kerry told an audience at the Milan Expo, where the focus is on “Feeding the planet” and new approaches to sustainable food.
He said extreme weather patterns - with 19 of the 20 warmest years on record occurring in the past two decades - meant the world must act now, in a coordinated way.
A climate deal would boost the confidence of businesses to invest in low-carbon, clean energy alternatives, and “hopefully move the private sector to be one of the great agents of action in addressing the climate challenge,” he said.
Kerry said the migrant crisis in Europe, caused by Syrians and Africans fleeing conflict, would pale in comparison to the mass migration that intense drought, rising sea levels and other impacts of climate change were likely to bring.
Just before war erupted in Syria, the country had faced its worst drought on record, Kerry said, forcing as many as 1.5 million people from farms to cities and intensifying the political uprising against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad in 2011 that eventually led to the war.
“I'm not suggesting the crisis in Syria was caused by climate change ... but the devastating drought made a bad situation a whole lot worse,” he said.
The U.N. climate conference of is designed to reach a plan to cap steadily rising greenhouse gas emissions to avert a dramatic rise in extreme weather.
Earlier, Kerry held talks with his Italian counterpart in which they discussed Europe's refugee crisis, violence in the Middle East and Russia's role in Europe and the Syrian crisis.
Chloe Moretz is set to star opposite Dakota Johnson, Tilda Swinton, and Mia Goth in Frenesy Film Company and Mythology Entertainment's new retelling of the classic horror pic “Suspiria.”
“A Bigger Splash” helmer Luca Guadagnino is directing. Amazon Studios has acquired the worldwide distribution rights and is financing the production. Amazon could not be reached for comment.
The film is a passion project of Guadagnino's who has wanted to do a new re-imagining for some time and has been at the forefront of getting this remake off the ground.
David Kajganich is penning the script based on the pic written by Dario Argento and Daria Nicolodi.
Based on the 1977 film from Italian horror master Dario Argento, the movie follows a young ballet dancer who travels to a prestigious dance academy in Europe, only to discover it is a front for something far more sinister and supernatural amidst a series of increasingly grisly murders.
Suspiria is a Latin word for “sighs.”
The film will be produced by Frenesy Film Company, Mythology Entertainment, First Sun Films, and Memo Films. The producers on the project are Guadagnino, Brad Fischer, Kajganich, Francesco Melzi d'Eril, Marco Morabito, Gabriele Moratti, William Sherak, and Silvia Venturini Fendi. Mythology's James Vanderbilt, Paul Deason, Massimiliano Violante and Carlo Antonelli are exec producing.
Related Chloe Grace Moretz, Zoey Deutch, Glen Powell to Be Honored at Napa Valley Film Festival
WME Global and Carlos Goodman handled the deal with Amazon on behalf of the filmmakers.
Guadagnino, Johnson, and Swinton had been linked to the project for some time but with Moretz now signing on, the film has the greenlight and should start production this October in Italy and Hungary.
Moretz has been drawn to more adult fare following her breakout performance in adult action pic “Kick-Ass.” While plenty of those pics were non-genre based like “Hugo” and “The Equalizer,” the 19-year-old has done plenty of work in pics with horror or supernatural elements, including “Carrie”, “Let Me In,” and “Dark Shadows.”
She was most recently seen showing off her comedic chops in “Neighbors 2: Sorority Rising.”
Moretz, Johnson, Guadagnino, Goth and Mythology are all repped by WME. Swinton is repped by UTA and Hamilton Hodell.
Moretz is also repped by T Squared Entertainment.
Would Phoenix and New Orleans be better off parting with cornerstones Steve Nash and Chris Paul? Layne Murdoch/Getty Images
The 2011-12 season isn't the only thing in limbo in NBA land. So are the futures of Dwight Howard, Deron Williams, Chris Paul, Steve Nash, Kevin Garnett and Ray Allen, as well as their respective teams. The six stars are set to become free agents in the summer of 2012.
So ... should the Magic, Nets, Hornets, Suns and Celtics deal them now or hold on to them?
Here are 25 takes:
1. What should the Magic do with Dwight Howard?
Howard
A. Trade him this offseason.
B. Deal him at the 2012 trade deadline.
C. Hold on to him.
Jovan Buha, ClipperBlog: A. Trade him this offseason. Similar to Denver's situation with Carmelo Anthony last season, Orlando should try and move Howard sooner than later. The longer the Magic wait the more likely they'll be forced to lower their asking price.
If and when the Magic lose Howard, they will have no one to blame but themselves for poor decision-making.
Tim Donahue, 8 Points, 9 Seconds: C. Hold on to him. Orlando is more or less where Cleveland was a year ago -- riding the back of the tiger. They're buried under too many other contracts and basically have to win it with Howard, or die trying.
Matt McHale, By The Horns: C. Hold on to him. There aren't many true centers left on this planet, and Dwight is easily the best. He could have -- and some would say should have -- won the MVP last season. You're not going to get comparable value without cloning him. Whether Howard leaves in free agency or gets traded, it's rebuilding time anyway.
Michael Wallace, Heat Index: C. Hold on to him. Although Dwight has been completely inconsistent in his public comments about his future, president of basketball operations Otis Smith is convinced Howard wants to stay. The question is whether the Magic can swing a deal to get him enough help to contend with Miami and Chicago.
Royce Young, Daily Thunder: C. Hold on to him. Even if you told me that Howard was going to walk in 2012, I think having him for one more season and therefore having one more decent chance at a title is worth dealing with some painful rebuilding if he were to leave.
We're talking about one of the top three game-changers in the league here. Just another 82 games (or however many games there will be in 2011-12) is worth far more than whatever Orlando could get in return for him.
2. What should the Nets do with Deron Williams?
Williams
A. Trade him this offseason.
B. Deal him at the 2012 trade deadline.
C. Hold on to him.
Jovan Buha, ClipperBlog: C. Hold on to him. With the upcoming move to Brooklyn, a good young center in Brook Lopez and loads of cap space, New Jersey has become one of the more alluring NBA franchises. I expect Williams to ultimately re-sign and try to recruit other marquee players (I'm looking at you, Dwight).
Tim Donahue, 8 Points, 9 Seconds: C. Hold on to him. New Jersey committed to Williams when it made its play last winter. The Nets have got to try to build around him and make it work, or the entire exercise will have been just taking a few steps backward.
Matt McHale, By The Horns: C. Hold on to him. Would the Nets get another stud player in exchange? Probably not. If Mikhail Prokhorov is going to change this team's culture -- and few NBA teams need a culture change more than the Nets -- holding on to Williams could be the key.
Michael Wallace, Heat Index: C. Hold on to him. The Nets acquired Williams to be the cornerstone for their future. They have the money, the willingness to spend and the momentum of moving into a new arena in Brooklyn. What they need is for Williams to embrace the recruiting role in order to convince a veteran wing scorer to join him.
Royce Young, Daily Thunder: C. Hold on to him. It was a calculated risk for the Nets to go after Williams. But just conceding and accepting failure wouldn't be just devastating in the sense of having to restart with the roster, it would also be a terrible message as the team starts anew in Brooklyn.
3. What should the Hornets do with Chris Paul?
Paul
A. Trade him this offseason.
B. Deal him at the 2012 trade deadline.
C. Hold on to him.
Jovan Buha, ClipperBlog: B. Deal him at the 2012 trade deadline. Barring a miraculous trade, the Hornets have no chance at keeping Paul. Nonetheless, they should try to showcase a healthy CP3 for at least part of the season, in hopes of eliminating doubts about his brilliant playoff run's sustainability throughout the course of the regular season.
Tim Donahue, 8 Points, 9 Seconds: A. Trade him this offseason. Let David West walk. Deal Chris Paul for a whole lot of youth and picks, and get the franchise in position to be sold and probably moved. Normally, I'd be opposed to that approach, but this is a unique financial situation.
Matt McHale, By The Horns: B. Deal him at the 2012 trade deadline. The team has financial problems and won't be going anywhere with or without him. And there have been some indications that he may want to leave and team up with another star or two. The Hornets should spend time next season shopping for the best deal (young talent and expiring contracts).
Michael Wallace, Heat Index: B. Deal him at the 2012 trade deadline. But this will be a tricky process, considering the fact the league owns the Hornets. You already have owners lining up to cry foul on any move the team makes if it gives another team the advantage of landing Paul.
If the ownership issue remains the same, the only fair thing to do might be to let Paul walk in free agency and do an after-the-fact sign and trade to get draft picks and a huge cap exception.
Royce Young, Daily Thunder: C. Hold on to him. Really, just see my answer for Dwight Howard above and insert Paul's name there. We're talking about the top point guard in the league.
The Hornets aren't likely contenders right now, but at least force CP3 to make a decision. If you trade him, there's not even a chance he's part of your future. Take the risk.
4. What should the Suns do with Steve Nash?
Nash
A. Trade him this offseason.
B. Deal him at the 2012 trade deadline.
C. Hold on to him.
Jovan Buha, ClipperBlog: A. Trade him this offseason. Please Phoenix, I beg you, let Steve go. You've placed him in the land of mediocrity, surrounded by small forwards and lesser-skilled twin brothers. Alleviate his pain as soon as possible and send him to the Knicks or some other pseudo-contender looking for its missing piece.
Tim Donahue, 8 Points, 9 Seconds: C. Hold on to him. Unless he requests a move, I would hold on to him, hopefully until retirement. I don't think he will demand the booty that Howard or Paul would, and I don't think you'd get a big head start toward a turnaround in return for him. Why sell arguably the most important player in franchise history for 30 pieces of silver?
Matt McHale, By The Horns: A. Trade him this offseason. The Suns are clearly in rebuilding mode. Nash is near the end of his career. Why keep him? Nash should get to compete for something in his twilight years. Watching him waste away on a non-playoff team is painful for everybody.
Michael Wallace, Heat Index: A. Trade him this offseason. Nash isn't getting any younger. And after attending the Finals and seeing his peer Jason Kidd finally win a title in Dallas, it's only natural for Nash to want a shot to win it all in the year or two he's got left in him.
Miami, a win-now team in desperate need of a PG, would be a perfect fit for Nash. But most teams in that category lack the assets to make that deal.
Royce Young, Daily Thunder: B. Deal him at the 2012 trade deadline. The most value Nash has is in a trade in the offseason. The closer the clock ticks toward the 2012 deadline, the less Phoenix would get in return for Nash.
But you never know what kind of start you might have with Nash, so the Suns should see if they can make a playoff run first. If they can't, they should do the right thing and finally move on from the Steve Nash era.
5. What should the Celtics do with Kevin Garnett and Ray Allen?
Allen
Garnett
A. Trade them this offseason.
B. Deal them at the 2012 trade deadline.
C. Hold on to them.
D. Trade one, keep the other.
Jovan Buha, ClipperBlog: C. Hold on to them. Why blow up and start over when the Celtics still have 1-2 years left of contention? Yeah, they'll need an infusion of size and athleticism to eventually beat Miami and Chicago, but squeezing out one more title from this motley crew is more important than preparing for the Rajon Rondo era.
Tim Donahue, 8 Points, 9 Seconds: C. Hold on to them. At this point, I think these two players are worth more on the court than as trading assets. There's enough left in this group of players to make one more serious run at the East, and I don't see enough value coming back to start the rebuild one year earlier.
Matt McHale, By The Horns: C. Hold on to them. Sure, with the Bulls and Heat out there, making it back to the Finals is a long shot, but Danny Ainge should give his core group one last shot at another title. That's why he brought them to Boston.
Michael Wallace, Heat Index: C. Hold on to them. This core deserves one more shot to chase another title -- even if this lockout lingers well into next season. Coach Doc Rivers provided the stability by signing a long-term contract. It would help if Boston fixes its issues at center.
KG and Ray are clearly in transition to becoming more role players and less key cogs. A painful rebuilding process is coming. But the C's -- in the short term -- are much better with them than without them.
Royce Young, Daily Thunder: C. Hold on to them. Danny Ainge has appeared to make it clear that everyone on the roster is available. He has the future always in mind in Boston and is willing to make a tough decision if it helps the long-term. But it's not time to move on from Garnett and Allen yet. The summer of 2012, yeah, probably. But give it another run.
ESPN.com and the TrueHoop Network
Michael Wallace writes for the Heat Index. Jovan Buha, Tim Donahue, Matt McHale and Royce Young
write for the TrueHoop Network.
• Follow ESPN's NBA coverage on Twitter | On Facebook
Oh the things I have done… I know it sounds like the invitation to a pretty racy post, but you can sit back, mop your brow and put the lotion away. I'm just not that kind of blogger. Not due to any real inhibition per se, I'm just not nearly as interesting as you might think I am. What I'm referring to is my pseudo nascent girlhood; the time before I was self-realized as trans, but already engaging in what now seems to be some pretty predictably indicative behaviors. I have a lot of stories in this bag, but today I'm going to focus on shopping. As a “dude”.
I was at a Belles meeting when someone advertised that they had a wonderful shopping guide for cross-dressers. Just some handy tips and do's and don'ts that can help ease a person into a comfortable shopping experience so they can buy what they want in peace. Some of the transitioned members had a bit of a smug look at this, myself included. I also had a strong reality check as I realized that I was doing some of these exact same things not really all that long ago.
The guide contained some nice hints most of us know. You can “get away” with shopping for pretty much anything around the holidays and Halloween. A ring on your finger puts you virtually above suspicion when buying even the most intimate of items. In certain stores it's possible to ‘sneak' a pair of jeans or other semi-androgynous articles into the men's dressing rooms. Come on, if you are reading this you know what I'm talking about. It's OK though. I'm going to share some of my own just so you might feel less freakish to know a full blown ‘I-don't-give-a-shit' trans woman had her salad days as well.
One of my smoothest moves was the all powerful list. Sometimes it was a real list and sometimes it was nothing more than an Arby's receipt I found in my jacket pocket. Shield in front of me like a young knight, I would brave the perilous intimates and hosiery sections with wanton abandon knowing full well that the tiny slip of paper clutched in my sweaty hand would deflect even the most curious of stares. It's OK, I'm supposed to be here. I was sent for this stuff. Look, I have a list, dammit.
Sometimes I forgot the list and still had an undeniable desire to shop anyway. What to do? It was fine, I knew how to be cool. Any time someone came within earshot I would make a point to start muttering under my breath, but loud enough to hear, such gems as, “I think this is what she said she wanted.” or “God, I don't know why she sends me for this stuff.” and even, “Dang it, I think she takes a size 10… better not fuck this up.” Seriously, the CIA should send me behind enemy lines I was that freaking cool. Never mind the tomato red face and gigantic salty droplets coursing down my face.
“Can I help you find anything?” Oh, I knew what she was up to, but I was made of stronger stuff than that. I'd look her dead in the eye and say, “Yes, yes you can. I was sent to look for Spanx in a size D, if you please, and thank you ever so much.” Oh, I passed the test in my own mind. She tried to call my bluff, but I held fast. For some reason it never occurred to me that in the history of retail, no woman has ever sent a guy out to pick her up panties, stretch leggings and a cute pair of flats. Pantyhose, yes, if she was convinced he'd get the size right. Mascara maybe. Lipstick, I doubt it, unless she was comfortable wearing the Hoochie-Mama scarlet shade he would invariably come back with.
The register though, that is where the men were separated from the boys, if such a crappy analogy is even appropriate. An uncomfortably long wait was always guaranteed, ensuring I would manage to accomplish visible pit stains through a leather jacket. I'd hold off putting my wares on the belt, instead shielding them in my arms under yet another table cloth I would never, ever use. Nothing suspicious here, everyone does this. Eventually I had to interact with the cashier. With a wedding ring this was much easier. I'd flash that sucker around like I just won the Superbowl; my passport to buy whatever I damn well pleased. Prior was a little harder. “Yes, I certainly do need a gift receipt. Lord knows I probably got all of this wrong!”
Only one occasion did my fears actually get realized. I was still in the Air Force and managed to find an abundance of great hosiery, in unopened packages, at a thrift store. I plopped my glorious find on the counter in front of the douche bag counter boy, who looked at my pile, me, and said with a loud chuckle, “Heh. Seriously dude?” I stammered an indignant response about the proximity to Halloween (it was early September), lost half my body weight in perspiration, paid quickly and left. I don't think I ever went back to that location. Actually, the first statement isn't completely true. Back in college I was at a Salvation Army when the cute grunge girl working the floor flat out asked me if the heap in my arms was for me. I was completely surprised and even more so when I answered her yes. She nodded her head and said, “That's cool. We get a lot of you guys in here.” The experience was surreal and I never went back there either.
I can laugh now in ridiculous condescension toward my younger self, but it really wasn't that long ago that I was so driven by need to brave the most mortifying circumstances to fill it. Once I achieved self-realization, the fear and embarrassment just stopped. I am female, and am I going to shop like it, even in male mode if such is the circumstance. There is nothing so liberating as being comfortable with exactly who you are.
The Real Solutions for Journalism in 2015?
Tim Akimoff Blocked Unblock Follow Feb 25, 2015
This was well written and true enough.
I've read half a dozen articles about being a journalist in the last few weeks. Which is close to the total amount I've read each year since I finished journalism school nine years ago.
Negative articles abound, and they're similarly structured. We're underpaid. There are few opportunities to specialize. Social media is killing the journalism star. The business model is broken.
Positive articles are not scarce and share many attributes. Pride. A sense of duty. The chance to practice your craft every day. And, of course, freedom.
The pressure has ratcheted up a lot in the last nine years that I've worked in newsrooms. The ability to handle it all and stay grounded in the craft of writing or the skill of reporting seems rare.
Seemingly rarer still are the guardians of journalism who love it enough to let it out of the bottle like Thompson, Didion, Talese and Mailer did.
They didn't have to deal with social media or shrinking freelance dollars, did they?
But they did have to deal with a lack of platforms for their work. So they branched out and went where the audience was, places like Playboy, Rolling Stone and Esquire. And when they couldn't do that, they published books or gave lectures.
It's no different now, though there is more focus on the platform, and therefore we have the Gawkers, BuzzFeeds and HuffPos of the current day.
Journalist
Sometimes I think there is less focus on the craft of writing today, but then I remember there are just so many more sources of writing that it's harder to find them.
Fewer platforms meant fewer writers. More people can eke out a living today, and so there is a glut of mediocre writing and wading through it is tiresome for the audience and writers alike.
Traditional platforms are suffering from massive audience behavioral change, and they've merely transported their bulky workflow onto digital platforms rather than reinventing it for where the audience now spends its time.
And instead of marketing on billboards and in bus stations, they are asking reporters to push their writing out to the public through social platforms, which is a huge pain in the ass, because who signed up to do their own marketing?
There is much truth in what you write, but I don't see any solutions, just the same old tired complaints that have been plaguing us for far longer than digital journalism has been a thing.
I remember reporters at The Oregonian, where I worked for a while in 2006, lamenting the fact that it was so difficult to specialize in something. That editors just wanted as many news items as they could to fill the bottomless hole. We all wanted to be like Tom Hallman Jr., the Pulitzer prize winning master of narrative storytelling.
Yes, we had the Internet, and reporters were just being trained to post their stories online on their own without help from the IT folks.
But Twitter was a few months from being born, and Facebook still was something for college kids.
The mood was almost exactly the same as it is today, but there are fewer of those journalists around anymore.
A few of us intrepid idiots tried to use MySpace as a news tool in those early days. There were varying degrees of success. I found some kids at a Portland high school who would talk to me, on the record, about a school resource officer who was handing out weed and alcohol to students.
MySpace later helped me confirm that the same police officer married a former student from the high school where he was working, and that he had dated the girl while she was a student.
An so flowed my career as a digital journalist.
I know it's easy to blame social media as a culprit in all of this. Few reporters have found much use for it beyond brand building and as a diary of desk lunches.
But yesterday, the AP published a story that used Instagram photos from an Illinois Congressman's account to help them match his whereabouts with public data about his use of taxpayer donations to take flights aboard private jets and to pay for concerts.
This speaks to the deeper nature of changing behaviors in humans broadly, not just in a news audience. It also speaks to the fact that social media is not just a journalist's problem. It's a journalist's solution too.
One might wish to go back to 2005, before the endless scroll. One might wish that we could just stop using social media in news altogether.
But we can't preserve what journalism was, because it has to adapt to how people behave today.
It's so different from what it was, that we (journalists) have a hard time imagining what it could be if it's not great writing and in-depth investigations meted out in black ink on newsprint.
The most frustrating idea banging around the universe today is that journalism is not for the audience, it's an institution that exists beyond what an audience wants.
They call it the Fourth Estate, but it might as well live in a fourth dimension.
As if it should be protected like a world heritage site, placed behind glass where we can go and read the dwindling supply of daily front pages while they last.
It's this idea that is keeping journalism from evolving into the digital age. The idea that we are its caregivers, which means protecting it rather than practioners stretching its abilities.
We need journalists who are programmers and social media editors and producers, because those roles often go to technically proficient people rather than graduates of journalism school.
They are seen as secondary roles, while the journalists do the heavy lifting.
If you want to pick a problem with journalism, this is far more a culprit than the big, bad wolf we call social media.
I have complained about the lack of solutions in this piece, so I want to present a few so as not to look like someone who is simply disagreeing with your assessment when, in fact, I agree with much of it.
Sometimes a thing must die before it can be reborn as something new and better. Putting a new facade on something that isn't working, be it the business model or the journalism itself, is only prolonging the inevitable. Social media is not responsible for the lack of good journalism. The lack of good journalists using social media well makes it difficult to find great journalism. Digital leadership in news organizations is essential. There are too few journalists with deep digital experience at or near the top. This, along with a lack of diversity, is detrimental to journalism adapting to the look and behavior of today's potential news audience. Journalism needs to become more audience focused to reconnect with the public. Glass-tower journalism can be too easily ignored today, and journalists need to stop taking pride in doing something because it needed doing even if it had no audience. The widest possible audience is no longer possible with so many options online. It's time to start focusing on building many audiences much like podcast networks are doing.
Journalism adapted for almost two centuries. It has flourished and floundered but always served its purpose. The fatigue that is so palpable today, both in journalism and in an overfed audience, must reach a breaking point.
Somewhere, there is the seed of an idea that will take hold. Or, more likely, hundreds or thousands of seeds that will allow for the new growth journalism needs to flourish in the digital age.
I suppose I feel optimistic and fully burned out at the same time, which is why your post both drained me and raised my interest enough to write a reply. My first such reply on Medium, in fact. Take it for what it's worth. Not a rebuttal, simply a think-out-loud reply about what we can change.
ROT26 Instead of only rotating 13 places, ROT26 rotates twice as many characters in the alphabet and is therefore twice as secure.
ROT26 encryption & decryption is very complex and requires a powerful, purpose-built super-computer to perform all the calculations... which we have created.
So, to encourage more developers to use ROT26 in their mobile, web and PC software applications we are offering a very easy to use and totally free ROT26 encryption and decryption REST web service.
ROT26.org web service
(our super-computer looks like this) Make the following HTTP request to encrypt a message:
http://api.rot26.org/encrypt/{message to encrypt}
eg. http://api.rot26.org/encrypt/encrypt me
(opens in a new window)
Make the following HTTP request to decrypt a message:
http://api.rot26.org/decrypt/{message to decrypt}
eg. http://api.rot26.org/decrypt/decrypt me
(opens in a new window)
This web service is free to use under the ROT26 v2.1 user license
AJAX Example: (using above web service) Hello world
Plain text ROT26
Your support If you use this web service regularly, please consider donating here:
With enough donations we are hoping to not only cover our infrastructure costs (including the continual replacement of flux capacitors), but also achieve the following:
provide additional web service standards, including: oData SOAP v1 SOAP v2
maintain mobile phone SDKs for easy implementation into your new or existing projects, including: iOS Android Windows Phone Blackberry
batch processing (allowing you to send multiple messages at once)
detailed technical documentation, including: getting started guides FAQs various sample code
Your donations will help us get there!
ROT26 v2.1 user license Thou shalt not use this service in the following situations:
building weapons of mass destruction aiding terror organisations murdering kittens All other uses are fine.
We try to maintain 100% up-time, however if our service is slow or offline... please just wait.
Any harm caused by using our service or ROT26 encryption in general would be considered hilarious. Please tell us about it!
If any claims arise from the use of our service or ROT26 encryption in general, any judge would deem the person making the claim an idiot and dismiss the case.
Tweet
This is a project.
Police secure an area where a Jewish school teacher was stabbed on November 18, 2015 in the southern city of Marseille (AFP Photo/Boris Horvat)
Marseille (AFP) - A teacher at a Jewish school in the southern French city of Marseille was stabbed Wednesday evening by three people shouting anti-Semitic obscenities and expressing support for the Islamic State group, local authorities said.
The attack on the teacher took place around 8:00 pm (1900 GMT) in the city's 13th district, police prefect Laurent Nunez said.
The 57-year-old victim, who was wearing a kippa, was attacked outside his home, a short distance from the school and synagogue complex, a source close to the investigation said.
The attackers who were travelling by scooter demanded he look at smartphone pictures of Toulouse jihadist Mohamed Merah, who shot dead three Jewish schoolchildren, a teacher and three soldiers in southwestern France in 2012, Marseille public prosecutor Brice Robin told AFP.
They also "showed him a T-shirt with the logo of Daesh (an acronym for Islamic State)" before lunging at him with a knife, injuring him in the arms, legs and stomach, Robin added.
The teacher, who escaped serious injury, was taken to hospital as officers fanned out across the district in search of the attackers. They fled when police arrived in the area.
"I'm very shocked because this is the second incident of its kind in a very short time," Michele Teboul, the regional president of the Jewish representative group CRIF told AFP, adding she was worried about further attacks.
Last month, a man rounded on three Jews, stabbing one of them, near the same school and synagogue, also uttering anti-Semitic slurs.
Wednesday's stabbing comes as France is on high alert following the Islamist attacks that killed 129 people in Paris on Friday.
The terror attacks, which were claimed by the Islamic State jihadist group, were the worst in French history.
Parliament is due Thursday to begin debating a three-month extension of the state of emergency declared over the violence.
French Muslims, meanwhile, fear blowback from the attacks. On Wednesday, a young woman in a headscarf was attacked as she was leaving a metro station in central Marseille by a man who she said accused her of being a terrorist.
The attacker, who was in his twenties, was said to have made remarks about her headscarf before punching her and hitting her with an object believed to be a box cutter. She was lightly injured in the chest.
French Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve said he was outraged by "these cowardly anti-Muslim and anti-Semitic attacks".
"Everything is being done to find and question those responsible for these unspeakable acts, who must face justice," he said.
Moderation Management (MM) is a secular non-profit organization providing peer-run non-coercive support groups for anyone who would like to reduce their alcohol consumption. MM was founded in 1994 to create an alternative to Alcoholics Anonymous and similar addiction recovery groups for non-dependent problem drinkers who do not necessarily want to stop drinking, but moderate their amount of alcohol consumed to reduce its detrimental consequences.
History [ edit ]
Moderation Management was founded by Audrey Kishline, a problem drinker, who did not identify with the disease theory of alcoholism (as presented in Alcoholics Anonymous and other addiction recovery twelve-step programs), and felt she could control her drinking.
Kishline wrote the book Moderate Drinking, which was used as the group's reference textbook.[1]
Schaler, who wrote the original foreword for the group's book, split ways with MM over the failure of MM's leadership to condemn member Larry Froistad after he confessed to committing murder, among other reasons. Schaler's foreword was replaced.[2]
In January 2000 Kishline posted a message to an official MM email list stating that she realized she could not control her drinking, and would attempt abstinence.[3] Kishline was unable to stay abstinent: In March 2000, while drunk,[4] she drove her truck the wrong way down a highway, and hit another vehicle head-on killing its two passengers (a father and his twelve-year-old daughter). She was released in August 2003 after serving 3½ years of her 4½ year sentence.[5][page needed]
Methodology [ edit ]
MM allows members to set their own drinking goals as they feel appropriate.[6] MM encourages members to follow particular drinking guidelines, limits, goal setting techniques, and a nine-step cognitive-behavioral change program.[7] The MM limits and guidelines were derived from the work of Dr. Martha Sanchez-Craig.[8] MM members are encouraged, but do not need to follow, the suggested guidelines, limits and steps. MM does not view non-dependent problem drinkers as alcoholics, but rather people with a bad, but controllable, habit. MM does not state that surrender or spirituality is needed to end or control the habit.[9] MM literature makes a similar distinction to Alcoholics Anonymous literature that there are problem drinkers who can return to controlled drinking and alcoholics who can not.[10]
MM groups give members a chance to identify with other problem drinkers and learn from the successes and failures of each other. Mutual support and encouragement is provided. Face-to-face meetings last about an hour, whereas online meetings are ongoing. "Crosstalk," members interrupting each other to provide feedback during meetings, is allowed. Mental health professionals are allowed to help start MM meetings, but ultimate control must be left to the participants.[9][11] A content analysis of online MM meetings found the most common types of communication by members were self-disclosure, provision of information and advice, and provision of emotional support. Similar studies of depression and eating disorder support groups have found the same patterns.[12]
Membership [ edit ]
In a 2001 survey of Moderation Management, most MM members are white (96%), employed (81%), educated (72% have at least a college education) and on average are more secular than the rest of the population (32% identify as atheists or agnostics, only 16% regularly attend religious services). MM attracts an equal number of men and women (49% are female); depending on the kinds of meetings attended, between 11.9% and 33.8% of members were under 35 years of age.[13]
Alcohol consumption of members [ edit ]
A 2001 survey saw that, before starting the MM program, 87.1% of online-only members (members whose participation in Moderation Management was online only) and 61.7% of face-to-face members (people who went only to real-world face-to-face meetings) drank four or more days a week. 70.6% of online-only and 49.1% of face-to-face-only members had five or more drinks on days they drank. Among members who went to both face-to-face and online meetings, 85.4% drank four or more days a week, and 53.8% had five or more drinks on drinking days.[13]
Effectiveness [ edit ]
The MM program has only had very limited studies on its efficacy.[14] One study saw that subjects using just Moderation Management to reduce their drinking went from having only about one day a week abstinent from alcohol to having 1.5 days a week abstinent (e.g. they would drink six days one week and five days another week).[15]
MM's founder at one point said, through her lawyer, that "moderation management is nothing but alcoholics covering up their problem".[16]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Category:Harm reduction Category:Addiction organizations in the United States Category:Organizations established in 1994 Category:Support groups
I stayed up following the surprisingly straightforward Oldham West and Royton by-election last night for our traditional liveblog, the result of which you can read about here. Plenty of you read our ‘what to expect' piece yesterday, so now, here's what we learned:
Strength of candidate
With an 11,000 majority, it can't be claimed that Jim McMahon is solely responsible for last night's victory, but his candidacy did play a very big role. The leader of the local council, many visiting Labour councillors were struck by his appeal on the doorstep. People had actually heard of him, and they liked him.
A good campaign
The Labour by-election machine kicked into force. Activists came from all over the country, and from all wings of the party, and were met by some of the best organisers in the business. Andrew Gwynne, the MP charged with running the campaign, will return to Parliament with his reputation enhanced at having run a tight ship.
UKIP are no SNP
UKIP, by contrast, do not seem to know how to run an effective ground campaign. Their embrace, too, of the toxicity of their brand does nothing to diminish it. There remains an overreliance on the appeal of Nigel Farage, who remains at best a divisive figure.
They can keep Labour on our toes, they can give us occasional scares, such as Heywood and Middleton, but until they start assessing their own problems they will not have any sort of meaningful breakthrough in Labour heartlands.
Corbyn appeal
It was deemed his first electoral test. Jeremy Corbyn may not have had much appeal to white working class voters in Oldham – his level of popularity was why Labour insiders were so nervy, why he wasn't featured on literature, and probably played a role in him shelving a visit last Friday – but it appears he did not act as a deterrent, despite UKIP's confidence.
His appeal in Asian areas of town may also have been overlooked. His strong opposition to airstrikes in Syria, while sowing division in Westminster, could have played well here over the past week.
Expectations
It's been noted that the result last night bears a cosmetic similarity to the Barnsley Central by-election of 2011. On that occasion, though, Labour's voteshare increased by even more, but little was made of it, coming after a similar result in Oldham East.
But on this occasion, expectations were low, and a welcome rise in Labour's standing has given the party a welcome boost.
In part, we can thank UKIP's terrible expectation management for that; their electoral strategy seems to be based on ramping up expectations and hoping reality follows suit. It is interesting to note too, though, that Labour insiders were also privately concerned by how close it could be.
NEC
Finally, as a council representative, Jim McMahon will lose his place on the NEC. He will be replaced by the highest up the ballot last time who was not elected – meaning Ann Lucas, leader of Coventry Council, will step in until the new elections next year.
Selma: Tim Roth on George Wallace, Tupac & The Hulk
CraveOnline: Is George Wallace the biggest bastard you've ever played? Who else would earn that distinction?
Tim Roth: Oh, I've done a few. [Laughs.] It's [interesting] to play someone who's actually so seated in history, really on the wrong side. Clearly now on the wrong side. Actually, when I was working on it, and it only came from white people, there were those people who went, “Well, at the end of his life, he did some good things, Wallace.” [Laughs.]
“Hey, Nixon opened up China.”
They do do that. People do say that. I would say he's pretty high on the list of bad guys in a way, but it's not a stereotypical kind of thing. It's an odd one.
One thing I've always been curious about, and I'm actually a fan of Tim Burton's Planet of the Apes…
Oh right, yeah.
“[Tupac Shakur] did take me to Death Row Records and me and him rapped together.”
I thought that was a very fun flick and I thought you were fantastic in it. But I never had a chance to talk to anyone who worked on it. The ending has always been a big question mark. Did they ever talk to you about what that meant and what your character ended up going back in time and doing, exactly?
Yeah, I think it was he took over, he took control. [Laughs.] I think the idea was when they shunted in time that way, he was the President of the Planet of the Apes. [Laughs.] Brilliant, I thought. It's crazy stuff. I liked it. I had a good time making it. It was in the old style. It wasn't using too much CG trickery.
The makeup was incredible.
Yeah, it was wonderful.
Also another one you were incredible in and I was a big fan of The Incredible Hulk. That was cool.
Oh yeah?
That was cool.
Some people are [fans]. Someone brought that up yesterday when we were doing press. It was like, “I'm talking to the Abomination.” I kind of enjoyed that too. I enjoy doing stuff like that. They don't come your way too often.
Is there room for you to come back some day?
They were going to do it. They did do that. They were thinking, in The Avengers 2 or something. There was a movie we could do that at one point, but way back when. It just kind of got swept under the carpet I guess. That would be hilarious.
I loved your work in Rob Roy but I also love work work in The Musketeer. Are you very well trained as a sword fighter or do you have to cram in training before?
No, that's part of the process. That's just homework so every day I would go off and practice and work with the swords guys. So I would try to get as much homework as I could in. I worked with Liam's double a lot and then with Liam when he was free in the schedule. But yeah, I got it down, and no, it's not something I can do. I can adapt to it because I've done it a few times. So it comes to me fairly quickly but it's tough stuff to do, dangerous.
Another favorite of mine is Gridlock'd. I thought that movie was just incredible. What was Tupac Shakur like as an actor? Everyone knows his music but I always liked his acting a lot.
Yeah, I found he was very, very, very professional. He's very good. I think he would've gone on to do a lot of good work actually. It's a shame but one thing I remember… [Laughs.] We got on famously. Really, really, we got pretty tight. We liked each other.
But there was one time I had to get in his face which was about… he was writing all the time. He would leave the set and go straight to a studio to record and then he had to do music videos as well at the time. And he would come to work and he was knackered. He was exhausted. I said, “You've got to stop your hours now. You can't be walking wounded when you're coming to the set because you're not going to do your best work.” And he really shut it down. He was pretty great about it. But he did take me to Death Row Records [laughs] and me and him rapped together.
Really?
Oh yeah. Somewhere there is.
That's awesome.
Somewhere in the vault there is a tape of that. It was hysterical.
We have to find that tape.
[Laughs.]
William Bibbiani is the editor of CraveOnline's Film Channel and the host of The B-Movies Podcast and The Blue Movies Podcast. Follow him on Twitter at @WilliamBibbiani.
[This article originally appeared in The Free Market, March 1996.]
"For those who appreciate the virtues of private enterprise, the UL insignia is an inspiration."
Look at the back of your computer monitor, the bottom of your table lamp, or the label on your hair dryer. Chances are you will see the symbol "UL" with a circle around it. It stands for Underwriters Laboratories, a firm headquartered in Northbrook, Illinois, and an unsung hero of the market economy.
Most people don't realize that dozens of products in their homes — toasters, fire extinguishers, space heaters, televisions, etc. — have been tested by the Underwriters Lab for safety. The Lab also tests items like bulletproof vests, electric blankets, commercial ice-cream machines, and chicken de-beakers, among thousands of other products.
But the Lab isn't an arm of the government. It is privately owned, financed, and operated. No one is compelled by force of law to use its services. It thrives — and makes our lives safer — by the power of its excellent reputation. For that reason, its ideologically driven enemies on the Left despise it.
The firm was formed in 1894 to deal with the dangers posed by the dramatic increase in the use of electricity. Today, it employs 4,000 scientists, engineers, and safety specialists to render an independent verdict on hundreds of thousands of products.
The very existence of the Lab debunks the common civics-text view that, without government intervention, private businesses would seek profit without regard for safety; thus, bureaucrats have to police markets to impose a balance between private interests and the common good. The government, according to this view, is the only thing standing between us and unceasing fatal accidents.
The truth is the opposite. The market is well equipped to regulate itself, and does a fine job of it. It's the government that operates without oversight. To discover the quality and value of products, no one would trust the advice of the scandal-ridden Commerce Department or the Federal Trade Commission.
"It's the government that operates without oversight."
Unlike quality and price, safety isn't always at the forefront of the consumer's mind. But that hasn't kept manufacturers from seeking out the Lab's testing services. For those who appreciate the virtues of private enterprise, the UL insignia is an inspiration.
The Lab was the first to set standards for certifying the safety of pilots and planes before the government intervened. It set the standards for building materials, fire-fighting equipment, air conditioners, and household chemicals. It employs safecrackers and pyrotechnicians to test safes, and a variety of unique machines and devices to test thousands of other products each year. It has been testing multicolored Christmas lights since 1905, and entered the building-code business right after the San Francisco earthquake of 1906.
Despite its unparalleled experience and success, the market economy keeps the Lab innovating. As engineer John Drengenberg of the Lab said,
There's always some little twist in a new product — an innovative feature or something to make it cheaper — to keep us busy developing the appropriate test procedure.
Its effectiveness in determining safety standards (even for brand-new products) and maintaining them over time has generated an interesting result. Many government regulations, especially at the state level, merely mimic the building codes and insurance requirements of the Lab.
The Lab also "regulates" in a cost-effective way. Companies come to the Lab to present their products and the tests they have already conducted. The company pays a testing fee ranging from a couple of hundred dollars to several thousand, depending on the costs of the tests to be conducted.
If the product passes, it receives one of three designations:
To be "listed" means that the product has passed muster for sale as a final product, like a hair dryer. If it is listed as "recognized," it is safe to use as a component within the final product, like a transformer. To be "certified" means that the product has met someone else's standards, such as the Chicago building code.
Each product is tested for each use, and the Lab is strict about how its mark is used by manufacturers. For example, Securitron Magnalock sent a new lock to the Lab for testing. New standards had to be established, and the lock was duly tested and "recognized" as a component for a delayed-exit system.
When the company faxed all of its field representatives that the product was "UL approved," Lab officials suspended the listing. It then required Securitron to inform all employees that UL does not "approve" any product.
To insure continued safety, manufacturers agree to let the Lab inspect their production facilities and to retest on demand. These on-site inspections, often four a year, are unannounced. Lab inspectors can require manufacturers to present data and to rerun safety trials and experiments. Companies, in turn, pay a tiny fee for every UL designation symbol they put on their products.
Manufacturers can modify their products to adapt to market conditions, but the Lab oversees changes that affect product safety. The Lab is inflexible and scientific, but it's also driven by common sense and realism.
Nothing is perfectly safe, of course. The competitive marketplace and the Lab aim for safety in a framework of rational attention to costs. UL official Drengenberg has noted, "It would be very easy for us to come up with an overly strict standard," but then no one could afford to buy the product.
In fact, the Lab once built a fireproof office for some of its employees. The expensive room featured ceramic tile on the walls and ceiling, a thick concrete floor, metal furniture, and similar standards. Not only was the cost high, the esthetic results were not impressive. As Robert Yereance, author of Electrical Fire Analysis says, "most of us cannot afford a fireproof dwelling and would not like living in it if we could."
"Many government regulations merely mimic the building codes and insurance requirements of the Underwriters Lab."
The Lab notes that 80% of accidents and fires are caused by consumers, not products. It takes this into account in its requirements. In the case of space heaters, for example, the Lab felt that enhanced warning labels would reduce as many fires as an expensive redesign, thus keeping down cost and price.
Compare this approach with the government's. Its standards are as difficult to understand as they are contradictory. But its uncertain standards contrast with its hard-edged enforcement and oversight. With the government, products that meet the standards don't have to be safe, while perfectly safe products can fail to pass the regulations.
The Lab is not perfect, and, in a few cases, it has paid damages for its mistakes. But the failures have been few and far between. Just last year, it tested more than 16,500 types of products, nearly 80,000 different products, conducted ongoing on-site inspections, and placed the UL symbol on nearly nine billion products.
The Lab has its critics, of course. For example, Stuart Statler of the Trial Lawyers of America calls the Lab "totally driven by industry money." Whereas they should be driven by trial-lawyer money? "Consumer advocate" Ralph Nader claims that the Lab is a "very meek, 'lowest common denominator type' operation." In short, it doesn't impose unreasonable burdens on the market, bankrupt companies, or harm consumers.
Most recently, the New York Times accused the Lab of letting down its guard and conspiring with manufacturers. The controversy surrounds the Lab's listing of a new $2 twister cap that connects copper and aluminum wires. When copper was relatively expensive, houses were wired with aluminum. After long use, however, it has proven more of a fire hazard. Full rewiring is expensive, so the innovative caps allow homeowners an intermediate solution.
But for bureaucrats and left-wing ideologues, no private solution is praiseworthy. The Times' Barry Meier writes that the Lab is "sparring with Federal officials in a behind-the-scenes battle" that is "exposing some potential shortcomings of industry self-regulation." The hope of those who oppose the twister cap is that the government will refuse to approve it for use. People will have to use old aluminum wires or the old, unsafe cap. In either case, the fire hazard will remain higher.
Such are the consequences of siding with government over private standards. After a century of public service, Underwriters Laboratories has proven a safe, effective, and cost-conscious alternative to government bureaucracy. It shows us that the market discovers new and effective solutions to the problems of everyday life, reduces the risks all around us, and does so without resorting to the coercion and inefficiency of government.
Note: By submitting this form, you agree to Third Door Media's terms . We respect your privacy .
Sign up for our daily recaps of the ever-changing search marketing landscape.
As suspected, Google is moving to secure search for clicks on paid search ads. In an announcement posted by Paul Feng, Product Management Director, Google Ads on the Ads Developer Blog, the company states,
“Today, we are extending our efforts to keep search secure by removing the query from the referrer on ad clicks originating from SSL searches on Google.com. Advertisers will continue to have access to useful data to optimize and improve their campaigns and landing pages. For example, you can access detailed information in the Google Ads search terms report and the Google Webmaster Tools Search Queries report.”
The search term report still “lets you see search queries that generated ad clicks along with key performance data”. The search queries report in Google Webmaster Tools will continue to show aggregate information about the top 2,000 queries that generated organic clicks.
If you're using search query strings (the terms users typed in before clicking on an Google Ads ad) for reporting, in dynamic landing pages or automated keyword generation and expansion, Google recommends the following:
For generating reports or automating keyword management with query data, we suggest using the Google Ads API Search Query Performance report or the Google Ads Scripts Report service.
For customizing landing pages, we suggest using the keyword that generated the ad click, rather than the query. The keyword and match type can be passed to your web server by using a ValueTrack parameter in your destination URLs.
We'll have more analysis for you as we learn more. Marin Software commented earlier today that if the change to secure search was made for paid ads, their services along with other that rely on keyword IDs rather than search query strings, would not be disrupted.
Update: I've clarified above that the search terms report is not new. It was renamed awhile ago from search query performance report. To reiterate, advertisers will still have access to the search query data in Google Ads.
DAYTONA BEACH, Fla. -- The military flyover for Sunday's Daytona 500 may be a rarity at NASCAR events -- and sporting events in general -- moving forward.
Military spending cuts of 30 percent have forced the Air Force to trim flying hours by 18 percent. That will come from air shows, including the Thunderbirds aerobatic flying team that will perform prior to the "Great American Race."
Daytona International Speedway did not have its traditional flyover for the Rolex 24, Thursday's 150-mile qualifying races, and one is not planned for Saturday's Nationwide Series race.
There is a plan in place if automatic budget cuts known as "sequestration" are triggered on March 1 to suspend all Air Force flyovers immediately except for the Thunderbirds, which will be suspended on April 1.
"If sequestration kicks in, we'll be looking not to support any future NASCAR races," Wendy Varhegyi, the chief of the engagement division for Air Force public affairs, told ESPN.com.
Varhegyi said the suspension of flyovers would include all sports "at least through the end of the fiscal year [Sept. 30]."
Sequestration is a provision in budget law that will trigger major across-the-board spending cuts March 1 unless Congress agrees on an alternative.
"We do have the Thunderbirds on Sunday, but I know there are some significant challenges at all the other venues for their flyovers," DIS president Joie Chitwood said. "So that is a concern moving forward. We may not have flyovers for our sporting events."
Luke Air Force was not allowed to provide a flyover for the March 3 Sprint Cup race at Phoenix. Instead, a private company has provided the track a B-17 that is not a part of Air Force inventory.
Las Vegas Motor Speedway has an agreement with the Thunderbirds based nearby at Nellis Air Force Base for its March 10 Cup event. But Speedway Motorsports, which hosts 11 other Cup events in addition to the Vegas race, has a "tentative hold" on flyovers.
"That's as good as we can get from our military contacts at this point," said Marcus Smith, the president of SMI.
Military flyovers have been a part of NASCAR almost from the day the first race was held in 1949.
No definitive date exists for the first one, but long-time DIS historian Ed Roach reportedly said the Navy's Blue Angels flight demonstration team flew over the old beach course as part of pre-race festivities in 1955.
NASCAR founder Bill France Sr., who served in World War II, was a long-time promoter of patriotism in racing events.
Chitwood ordered additional fireworks to go off at the end of the National Anthem for Thursday's duels to replace the flyover.
"Our fans want finality," he said. "They expect the flyover, so I wanted to give them a little bit of something."
Smith, also the president of Charlotte Motor Speedway that traditionally puts on a military spectacular for the Memorial Day Weekend Coca-Cola 600, said it will be sad if NASCAR loses military flyovers.
"It's a great thing to celebrate our country and the military," Smith said. "My kids and a lot of people out there don't know what a National Anthem sounds like without a flyover. It's kind of part of it.
"It will be sad if it comes down to politicians that we don't have flyovers."
NASCAR officials said they are working with the military and tracks to find a compromise that will allow flyovers to remain at events.
"From our perspective, it's not done yet," said Steve O'Donnell, NASCAR's vice president for race operations.
March 17, 2015, 6:26 PM GMT / Updated March 17, 2015, 9:10 PM GMT
The stunning Miss Nagasaki, Ariana Miyamoto, is the first multiracial contestant ever to be crowned Miss Universe Japan and will represent Japan in the 2015 Miss Universe pageant.
Born in Japan to a Japanese mother and African American father, Miyamoto is a Japanese citizen, grew up in Japan, and identifies as Japanese. Described in local media as a “saishoku kenbi,” a woman blessed with both intelligence and beauty, she holds a 5th degree mastery of Japanese calligraphy.
But reaction to her win has been both positive and negative, with some people questioning whether a multiracial person can truly represent Japan. According to local media, even she was initially a little wary about entering the pageant because she was “hāfu,” the Japanese word used to refer to multiracial or multi-ethnic half-Japanese people.
“The selection of Ariana Miyamoto as this year's Miss Universe Japan is a huge step forward in expanding the definition of what it means to be Japanese,” filmmaker and co-director of the film “Hafu,” Megumi Nishikura told NBC News, “The controversy that has erupted over her selection is a great opportunity for us Japanese to examine how far we have come from our self-perpetuated myth of homogeneity while at the same time it shows us how much further we have to go.”
According to the film, “Hafu: The Mixed-Race Experience in Japan,” 20,000 half-Japanese people are born in Japan each year, including both multiethnic and multiracial people.
“In a country where the majority of fashion beauty magazines and TV shows are reigned by ‘hāfu' models and actors,” filmmaker and co-director of the film “Hafu,” Lara Perez Takagi told NBC News, “It was actually about time that a mixed-race Japanese girl won the Miss Universe pageant.”
IN-DEPTH
SOCIAL
Emily Lakdawalla • January 11, 2008
Titan's South Pole looks pretty dry
One of the major results from the Cassini mission last year was the production of a mosaic of images from its RADAR instrument covering Titan's North Pole. Titan's North Pole has lakes upon lakes, some big, some small, but everywhere you look, there they are.
NASA / JPL-Caltech Cassini RADAR view of Titan's North Pole, October 2007 This mosaic is composed of all synthetic-aperture-radar maps of Titan's polar regions acquired by Cassini to date. It has been cropped and reduced in size by 50% from an even larger mosaic available on
The image is a polar projection, with zero longitude (the sub-Saturnian hemisphere) toward the bottom. The leading hemisphere (centered at 90 degrees W) is to the left, and the trailing hemisphere (centered at 270 degrees W) is to the right. The largest lakes are clustered in an area on Titan's trailing hemisphere. This mosaic is composed of all synthetic-aperture-radar maps of Titan's polar regions acquired by Cassini to date. It has been cropped and reduced in size by 50% from an even larger mosaic available on NASA's Planetary Photojournal . Approximately 60 percent of Titan's northern polar region (poleward of 60 degrees north latitude) has been mapped as of October 2007, and of this area, about 14% appears to be covered with hydrocarbon lakes. The radar images are grayscale; they have been colored here with a color map that applies blue colors to the materials that are darkest to the RADAR instrument, and yellow colors to the materials that are brightest. This color scheme highlights the apparent lakes, but also shows that many lake-like features are not as dark as other lakes, and that darker channels appear to run down the interiors of less dark lakes.The image is a polar projection, with zero longitude (the sub-Saturnian hemisphere) toward the bottom. The leading hemisphere (centered at 90 degrees W) is to the left, and the trailing hemisphere (centered at 270 degrees W) is to the right. The largest lakes are clustered in an area on Titan's trailing hemisphere.
By contrast, there do not appear to be nearly as many lakes in the south. Here's one image showing a south polar swath released in October. There are lots of what appear to be dry lake beds, but only one or two spots that may currently be fluid-filled.
NASA / JPL-Caltech Lakes at Titan's South Pole Cassini's RADAR instrument acquired its first swath across the southern polar region on October 2, 2007, reaching to within 18 degrees of the South Pole. Within the swath are small, irregularly shaped, radar-dark blobs much like the features that are now being interpreted as lakes in the northern regions, as well as many other features that share similarities with ones seen in the northern polar region. The similarity between the poles suggests that the surface features in the polar region are driven by Titan's climate. Cassini's RADAR instrument acquired its first swath across the southern polar region on October 2, 2007, reaching to within 18 degrees of the South Pole. Within the swath are small, irregularly shaped, radar-dark blobs much like the features that are now being interpreted as lakes in the northern regions, as well as many other features that share similarities with ones seen in the northern polar region. The similarity between the poles suggests that the surface features in the polar region are driven by Titan's climate.
On December 20, Cassini flew straight across the South Pole and likewise spotted only one or two lakes.
NASA / JPL-Caltech Titan's South Pole Titan's South Pole is considerably drier than the North Pole, as this RADAR image from Cassini's December 20, 2007 (T39) flyby proves. The swath is about 760 kilometers long by about 150 kilometers wide, and contains rugged mountains interspersed with flat-floored basins. Only two apparent lakes are contained in the image, a contrast to the dozens of lakes visible in north polar images. The difference probably has to do with the current season on Titan; it was the end of summer at the South Pole and end of winter at the North Pole during most of Cassini's primary mission to the Saturn system. Titan's South Pole is considerably drier than the North Pole, as this RADAR image from Cassini's December 20, 2007 (T39) flyby proves. The swath is about 760 kilometers long by about 150 kilometers wide, and contains rugged mountains interspersed with flat-floored basins. Only two apparent lakes are contained in the image, a contrast to the dozens of lakes visible in north polar images. The difference probably has to do with the current season on Titan; it was the end of summer at the South Pole and end of winter at the North Pole during most of Cassini's primary mission to the Saturn system.
The fact that you can see dry lakebeds and lots of sinuous river-like features both north and south suggests that the landscapes we see in both places are primarily carved by climatic rather than tectonic events; the fact that one pole is wet while the other is dry suggests that the climate changes with the season, as it's been summer lately in the south and winter in the north. Saturn and Titan will see their equinox in a year and a half, August 2009. Cassini's extended mission will last beyond that, so hopefully we'll get a chance to see the effect of changing seasons on Titan's polar weather.
Speaking of the extended mission, I have thoroughly revised and updated my detailed timeline of Cassini's mission to Saturn, including a complete list of the events to take place during the extended mission. Check it out and see what's in store!
Emily Lakdawalla Senior Editor and Planetary Evangelist for The Planetary Society
Read more articles by Emily Lakdawalla
Wonfes is coming up soon! I can't wait to go to Japan again! This time I get to bring some people with me so it's going to be a very eventful trip! But it's also a short trip this time! With so much work here in the US it's difficult for us to get away and play but then Wonfes is my playground! Make sure to follow me on Twitter to see my adventures in Japan! @gsc_mamitan
When this figma was announced I was so excited to see we were going to transform the winning design into a figma! It's awesome seeing this adorable design in figma form! The Max Factory team have done the most amazing job bringing her to life and adding all the detail one could want!
Her cape is removable too! The ability to make poses like this is why I adore figma! Miku is having so much fun in the snow! Fun fact, since it almost never snows here in Southern California I had to make the snow using a snow cone maker and all the ice in my freezer! But the heat from the warm day and the sub kept melting it away! So I had to use all the ice in our fridge! My roommates thought I was crazy! It was funny when later we had no ice for our drinks either because I used it all!
figma Snow Miku comes with her own Yukine too! He comes with two bodies as well to give you multiple ways of displaying him!
Here is Miku so happy for it to finally snow here in California!
Sweet Miku does truly enjoy all weather and all seasons!
I had way too much fun taking these photos! But I may have had more fun editing them! I watched a lot of photoshop tutorials to get the snow just right! Hope you all like it! But I wasn't the only one who had fun!
At the end of the shoot Miku decided to make some snow angels!
figma Snow Miku Snow Bell version goes on sale soon! Orders can be placed between the 8th February 2015 (Sun) at 16:00JST until the 16th February 2015 (Mon) at 21:00JST.
You will be able to order here. Remember these are made to order and you do not pay until your item is ready to ship. However please do keep in mind that time is limited to order so do not hesitate and order once the pre-order opens!
http://goodsmile-wf-global.ecq.sc/wh21maxfigwd00001.html
Plus some exciting news! We're holding a contest for all our fans on Twitter! We're giving away our Wonfes exclusives to some lucky fans!
1. Follow Mamitan (@gsc_mamitan) on Twitter.
2. Retweet any of her tweets that include the hashtag “#WIN_WF_excl”.
*Multiple retweets are valid if they are within the campaign period.
*Multiple retweets for a single tweet will not be counted.
*Ensure you leave the hashtag “#WIN_WF_excl” when retweeting.
More info on the contest including rules and regulations are all here. Please make sure to read carefully before entering.
http://whl4u.jp/en/campaign/
Good luck to everyone and see you at Wonfes!
-Mamitan <3
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DAMASCUS TOWNSHIP -- State police charged a 10-year-old boy with criminal homicide on Monday.
Troopers told Newswatch 16 the child's mother is the one who told police about what her son had done. When authorities interviewed him, the boy described how it happened on Saturday.
Police said Tristin Kurilla, 10, of Damascus Township was visiting his grandfather on Saturday at his home on Skylake Road in Tyler Hill.
Investigators said Kurilla went into the room of Helen Novak, 90, and after some kind of dispute, Kurilla punched Novak multiple times in the throat.
The boy's grandfather was a caretaker for Novak, according to police.
According to an affidavit, Kurilla told police Novak yelled at him and he got mad, put a cane around her throat, and punched her numerous times.
An autopsy was performed on Novak on Monday, and her death was ruled a homicide.
The Wayne County District Attorney's office said Kurilla will be charged as an adult.
Kurilla remains in custody at the Wayne County Correctional Facility. No bail has been set.
Bitcoin's underlying technology is one of the most exciting in the present times. Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT), or blockchain, promotes transparency, decentralization, and equal empowerment. A lot of research and investment has gone into exploring and understanding applied cryptography, the basics of blockchain, and the result has been a surge in cryptocurrencies, blockchain platforms, and exciting ‘decentralized' projects. (See also: The First-Ever Ethereum IRA is a Game-Changer)
One of the latest of such projects is OCASH— the first all-in-one crypto-ready debit card. OCASH will bring the international card payments system to the OpenLedger network. This will allow token holders to use Stablecoins (SmartCoins), including bitUSD, bitEUR, bitGBP, and Rubles, plus other OpenLedger tokens, such as OBITS, BTC, and ETH, to purchase items anywhere major debit cards are accepted. The OCASH will allow the payment and withdrawal of any kind of cryptocurrency supported by OpenLedger, making currencies accessible anytime and anywhere.
On similar lines, there is the Shift Card—a Visa debit card which allows Coinbase users in select states and territories in the U.S. to spend Bitcoin anywhere Visa is accepted. When a user swipes a Shift debit card to make a purchase, the equivalent value of Bitcoin (based on the current spot price on Coinbase) is debited from the linked Coinbase bitcoin wallet. OCASH, however, is not just looking to support Bitcoin, but a wide range of cryptocurrencies.
"While initially providing current token holders with payment utility, the main vision of OCASH is to build a product that anyone can use as an ‘all-in-one bank on the blockchain' solution, plus it is a great fit for the more than two billion unbanked people. With the accompanying OCASH app alongside the debit card, regular users will have a familiar platform to access and engage in the OpenLedger ecosystem.” said the company in a statement.
OpenLedger ApS has announced that the new token OCASH (OCS) will be launched at the end of August 2017. The OCASH concept will be rolled out in two phases spread across a timeline of five months.
“We are witnessing the birth of the biggest shake up in financial history with the introduction of our crypto-ready payments card, allowing instant withdrawal and POS payments,” said Ronny Boesing, creator of the OCASH concept and Founder of OpenLedger.
The owner of a file-sharing site active more than 5 years ago went on trial today in the French capital, Paris. Vincent Valade is accused by entertainment companies of profiting heavily from the unauthorized distribution of more than 7,000 movies. If convicted he faces up to 3 years in jail, 300,000 euros in fines and compensation settlements running to millions of euros.
Following two adjournments, the trial of file-sharing site operator Vincent Valade got underway in France today. Scheduled to run for 3 days, the Paris Criminal Court will hear evidence that claims between 2005 and 2006, Valade “provided films without the permission of copyright holders.”
Now aged 25, Valade was the owner of ed2K link site Emule Paradise, which at the time was one of the most popular sites of its type. Indeed, the claims from the movie company plaintiffs including Association of Film Producers, the National Federation of Film Distributors, the Association of Independent Producers, Universal, Galatée Films and Pathé Rennare, are that the site attracted around 300,000 visitors every day.
From this traffic, say the plaintiffs, Valade generated a sizeable advertising income. During the two year period in question it's claimed he had revenues of more than 416,000 euros which were placed in bank accounts in Belize and Cyprus. Five other defendants including the Future Net (Net Avenir) advertising agency will appear alongside Valade at the trial.
Valade, now aged 25, is accused of facilitating the illegal distribution of 7,113 copyright movies, some of which were pre-release, between 2005 and 2006. He is also accused of the illegal copying of 19 films which were found on his computer following his December 2006 arrest.
It is by no means certain that Valade will lose his case. A similar case brought by 20th Century Fox, Columbia, Disney, Paramount, Universal and Warner against link site see-link.net failed last year after the plaintiffs presented no evidence to show that even a single infringement had taken place due to the site's links.
“The underlying question is, can Vallade be held liable for links that are Uniform Resource Identifiers (URI), and not Uniform Resource Locators (URL),” Guillaume Champeau of file-sharing news site Numerama told TorrentFreak this afternoon.
“That is, if there is no evidence that the referenced content was actually shared when the .ed2K files were created, can you say it is infringement? Even if the content is shared, is it second degree infringement?”
In addition, one of the core arguments of the plaintiffs is that eMule Paradise offered the eMule file-sharing software for download – complete with how-to guides – alongside links to infringing downloads.
“[The plaintiffs] say that given ‘the context' of eMule Paradise, with lots of links enabling the downloading of infringing content, the act of offering eMule for download is criminal,” Guillaume explains.
“Since the DADVSI law passed in 2006, it is forbidden in France to ‘knowingly and by any form, publish, make available or communicate to the public a device clearly intended for making available copyrighted works and material without authorization'.”
If found guilty Valade faces a 3 year jail sentence, fines of up to 300,000 euros and damages payouts potentially running to millions of euros.
Update: According to Guillaume, the trial has been postponed.
“The defense lawyers have shown flaws in the order of reference, and the court agreed that the case had to go back to the investigation judge. When the flaws are fixed, a new date for the trial will be decided. It should take months, if not years.”
Photo of 'Invisible Man' author Ralph Ellison circa 1961 [Wikipedia Commons]
A North Carolina school board has banned Ralph Ellison's 1952 novel Invisible Man from its reading list on Monday, citing a lack of “literary value.”
The Asheboro Courier-Tribune reported that the Randolph County Board of Education voted 5-2 to remove the book following a complaint by a parent, Kimiyutta Parson.
“This novel is not so innocent; instead, this book is filthier, too much for teenagers,” Parson wrote in a 12-page statement to the board. “You must respect all religions and point of views when it comes to the parents and what they feel is age appropriate for their young children to read, without their knowledge. This book is freely in your library for them to read.”
In his acceptance speech after winning the National Book Award for Fiction in 1953, Ellison described the book as his attempt to bring back “the mood of personal moral responsibility for democracy” common in 19th-century fiction.
“When I examined the rather rigid concepts of reality which informed a number of the works which impressed me and to which I owed a great deal, I was forced to conclude that for me and for so many hundreds of thousands of Americans, reality was simply far more mysterious and uncertain, and at the same time more exciting, and still, despite its raw violence and capriciousness, more promising,” Ellison said at the time.
However, board chair Tommy McDonald said on Monday that he considered Ellison's work — one of three books recommended for summer reading for juniors at a local high school, alongside “Black Like Me” by John Howard Griffin and “Passing” by Nella Larsen — “a hard read.”
A motion to keep Invisible Man on the approved reading list was defeated 5-2 before the board voted to remove it.
“I didn't find any literary value,” board member Gary Mason said at the meeting. “I'm for not allowing it to be available.”
In 2010, Time magazine named the book one of the top 100 English-language novels of all time, calling it “the quintessential American picaresque of the 20th century.”
[Image of Ralph Ellison, circa 1961, via Wikipedia Commons]
A federal case in San Francisco, filed by an Iraqi single mother and refugee now living in Jordan, alleges that President Bush and much of his administration should be tried for violating international law in the execution of the Iraq War.
However, the Obama administration's Department of Justice has moved to request that such Bush-era officials, and the former President, be shielded with immunity.
Per Inder Comar:
In court papers filed today, the United States Department of Justice requested that George W. Bush, Richard Cheney, Donald Rumsfeld, Colin Powell, Condoleezza Rice and Paul Wolfowitz be granted procedural immunity in a case alleging that they planned and waged the Iraq War in violation of international law. Plaintiff Sundus Shaker Saleh, an Iraqi single mother and refugee now living in Jordan, filed a complaint in March 2013 in San Francisco federal court alleging that the planning and waging of the war constituted a “crime of aggression” against Iraq, a legal theory that was used by the Nuremberg Tribunal to convict Nazi war criminals after World War II.
Saleh's suit alleges that President Bush and his administration falsified pretenses for the war, failed to get international approval, and began planning for the possibility of an invasion before 2000.
However, the Obama administration would like to shield the ex-President and his officials from such prosecution, arguing that everything done was performed within the scope of their various governmental roles.
Meanwhile, Bradley Manning – now Chelsea Manning – will be spending 35 years in prison for exposing U.S. war crimes.
Crimes Bush, Cheney, Rumsfeld and their ilk helped choreograph.
Follow @David_EHG
Shadowrun Returns finally loaded (after ages) but performance was abysmal whereas I was playing it with the same settings flawlessly yesterday. L4D2 was "laggy" while clicking in the interface and on the opening video, and then I got sound with a black screen and had to kill the process.
I believe it is related to a recent update in one of the following packages (at least I did not have this problem yesterday, and I updated first thing this morning):
[2014-05-06 08:32] [PACMAN] starting full system upgrade [2014-05-06 08:32] [PACMAN] upgraded mesa (10.1.1-2 -> 10.1.2-1) [2014-05-06 08:32] [PACMAN] upgraded mesa-libgl (10.1.1-2 -> 10.1.2-1) [2014-05-06 08:32] [PACMAN] upgraded ati-dri (10.1.1-2 -> 10.1.2-1) [2014-05-06 08:32] [PACMAN] upgraded x265 (0.9-1 -> 1.0-1) [2014-05-06 08:32] [PACMAN] upgraded ffmpeg (1:2.2.1-1 -> 1:2.2.2-1) [2014-05-06 08:32] [PACMAN] upgraded lib32-mesa (10.1.1-1 -> 10.1.2-1) [2014-05-06 08:32] [PACMAN] upgraded lib32-mesa-libgl (10.1.1-1 -> 10.1.2-1) [2014-05-06 08:32] [PACMAN] upgraded lib32-ati-dri (10.1.1-1 -> 10.1.2-1)
There doesn't seem to be much useful output when starting Steam from the command line here's the beginning output:
Running Steam on arch rolling 64-bit STEAM_RUNTIME is enabled automatically Installing breakpad exception handler for appid(steam)/version(1398287272_client) libGL error: dlopen /usr/lib32/xorg/modules/dri/r600_dri.so failed (/home/username/.local/share/Steam/ubuntu12_32/steam-runtime/i386/usr/lib/i386-linux-gnu/libstdc++.so.6: version `GLIBCXX_3.4.20' not found (required by /usr/lib32/xorg/modules/dri/r600_dri.so)) libGL error: unable to load driver: r600_dri.so libGL error: driver pointer missing libGL error: failed to load driver: r600 Installing breakpad exception handler for appid(steam)/version(1398287272_client) (steam:1501): Gtk-WARNING **: Unable to locate theme engine in module_path: "adwaita", (steam:1501): Gtk-WARNING **: Unable to locate theme engine in module_path: "adwaita", /usr/share/themes/Adwaita/gtk-2.0/gtkrc:1137: error: unexpected identifier `direction', expected character `}' Fontconfig error: "/etc/fonts/conf.d/10-scale-bitmap-fonts.conf", line 70: non-double matrix element Fontconfig error: "/etc/fonts/conf.d/10-scale-bitmap-fonts.conf", line 70: non-double matrix element Fontconfig warning: "/etc/fonts/conf.d/10-scale-bitmap-fonts.conf", line 78: saw unknown, expected number
My card shouldn't be using the r600 driver (mine is a Radeon HD 5770) and it's quite possible those errors have always been there.
Any help would be greatly appreciated.
Last edited by cyrxi (2014-05-06 15:03:55)
I've been looking at too much Star Wars memes. Basically how Marisa may or may not react to Mima. I feel like there could be a better joke somewhere, but I ran out of ideas. Maybe future comics could feature angsty Marisa and edgy Reimu and love and betrayal and all that stuff. No idea what is a ghost of a ghost. If you destroy ghosts do they get enlightened? Escape the cycle of rebirth? Then what is the point of sitting under a tree for so long that you forget the world is dying then if you can just cut and slice ghosts? We could make a religion out of this but if hell runs out of funds then how can you be a universal and natural standard for right and wrong? Is Touhou lore a deconstruction of Shinto Buddhism? Inb4 someone says they are not the same religion but seriously they are all just variations of similar ideas and what is culture without some crossover between beliefs there is no such thing as true or original culture any more it's all mixed and influenced by different ideas due to trade. Quit crying conservatives.I don't care if this is fanon, I'm not the one to break canon and give Mima a giant laser. Twilight spark doesn't exist, and Mima never used any lasers. Maybe she can, but without her in another game or print work ZUN basically don't give us any information to work with. And so the lowly ghost got blasted by a laser that she cannot hope to create because the path to the magical girl is full of abilities that some consider to be unnatural. Is it possible to learn this power? Maybe. Probably taught her the basics. Ironic, she could give others majicks, but not herself. Go home and shoot electricity and stuff.I would draw this out, but too many panels and I suk at drawing. Maybe later. When walfas cannot satisfy, you have to draw it yourself. Let's make a few predictions for fun that may or may not happen so we can say hilarious in hindsight if it happened but ignore everything if it didn't. Mima won't appear in touhou 16, but Yuuka will. KribyM won't make the Touhou 16 characters until long after the game came out, and until then we will be stuck without butterflies and shrine dogs. Touhou 17 will come out in 2019, and we will get another game on ps4. No English localization because Japanese people suck at English and westerners refuse to learn Japanese. Somebody will make Touaoii props for walfas, but not until the meme is already dead and people already forgot about it. Why am I wasting time writing this I should be uploading. I'm stupid.ZUN owns Touhou. KirbyM made walfas. rsgmaker made create.swf extended. Shinkong made the pc98 props. I'm still more powerful than you could possibly imagine!Edit: there is a typo in the comic. I'm still a piece of garbage.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - A former high-ranking soccer official in the Americas pleaded guilty on Monday to charges that he participated in bribery schemes uncovered in a U.S. investigation of corruption in the sport's world governing body, FIFA.
Alfredo Hawit, a former FIFA vice president from Honduras, exits a federal courthouse in the Brooklyn borough in New York, April 11, 2016. REUTERS/Stephanie Keith
Alfredo Hawit, a former FIFA vice president from Honduras who also led the North and Central America and Caribbean confederation, CONCACAF, pleaded guilty in federal court in Brooklyn, New York, to four conspiracy charges.
Hawit is one of 42 individuals and entities charged as part of a U.S. investigation of more than $200 million in bribes and kickbacks sought and received by soccer officials for marketing and broadcast rights to tournaments and matches.
The investigation has sent Switzerland-based FIFA and other soccer governing bodies into an unprecedented crisis. Gianni Infantino, FIFA's newly elected president, has vowed to restore FIFA's image.
Hawit, 64, pleaded guilty to racketeering conspiracy, two counts of wire fraud conspiracy and conspiracy to obstruct justice. He also agreed to forfeit $950,000 as part of his plea agreement.
Speaking in Spanish, Hawit admitted in court to having received hundreds of thousands of dollars in bribes from two sports marketing companies that were seeking media rights for soccer matches and tournaments.
“I knew it was wrong for me to accept such undisclosed payments,” Hawit said through a translator.
To date, 15 people and two sports marketing companies have pleaded guilty in the U.S. case. Prosecutors in a court filing on March 28 said they were in plea negotiations with multiple defendants.
Hawit, who also led the Honduras soccer federation, FENAFUTH, had been arrested at a Zurich hotel on Dec. 3 along with South American soccer chief Juan Angel Napout as the U.S. Department of Justice unveiled charges against 16 people.
Prosecutors estimate that under federal sentencing guidelines, Hawit faces 78 to 97 months in prison.
An indictment alleged that executives at an Argentine sports marketing company Full Play Group S.A. agreed to pay Hawit $250,000 in bribes in a failed bid from 2011 to 2012 to secure CONCACAF marketing rights.
In court, Hawit said while serving as FENAFUTH's general secretary, he is also beginning in 2008 received “hundreds of thousands of dollars” in bribes from Miami-based Media World for the rights to 2014, 2018, and 2022 World Cup qualifier matches.
Hawit said that after the original indictment in the case was unsealed in May 2015, Hawit advised a co-conspirator to create sham contracts “to mask the true nature of the bribe money” and to deceive law enforcement about the payments.
A video showing a Saudi child in school uniform being molested by a man has gone viral on the internet raising public outcry and calls for child protection measures.
The footage showed a seven-year-old schoolgirl standing in front of an elevator. The man then looks around to check if anyone is on the staircase before he turns to the girl and begins lifting up her dress and starts touching her.
The incident reportedly took place in the city of Dammam.
Ziad Alriqaiti, the police chief on the Eastern Province, said authorities were able to identify the man and had arrested him on Thursday.
Early investigations show that the man is a Saudi citizen in his 20s and seems to have behavioral disorders, police said in a statement.
The 47-second video was heavily shared among social media users and received more than 175,000 views before it was taken down on YouTube. But other versions of the view were later posted.
Twitter users created the hashtag #GuySexuallyHarassingALittleGirl as they began an intense discussion about the incident.
They called for strict punishments against child molesters and more awareness campaigns to fight them.
Others used the hashtag to share cartoon awareness videos that show parents how to teach their children to act if exposed to harassment.
More hashtags, such as #Dont_Touch_Me , #I_Reject_ Harassment taken from a book by Saudi writer Hind Khalifa, were later created.
Parents' responsibility
Suhaila Zine el-Abidine, member of the Saudi Arabia National Society for Human Rights noted the parents' responsibility in educating their children about child abuse.
Abidine, for example, pointed to how the girl did not cry or show any act of resistance to the harasser.
“There wasn't any kind of resistance; she didn't cry. This is a proof that the parents did not teach the girl how to react in case someone approaches her. She must cry, resist, and seek the attention of people,” Abidine told Al Arabiya News Channel.
Abidine said those found guilty of child abuse should be named and exposed to public shame.
“The perpetrators must be punished severely and must be defamed,” she said.
She noted that even if early investigations claim that the man suffers mental disorders, this should not be used as an excuse to commit such acts.
“He shouldn't be left to harass children and women without punishment, accountability, treatment or anything else,” she said.
Calls against child abuse in Saudi Arabia have become louder in recent months. Last year, Saudi activists expressed disdain over a picture that showed a young child plastered against a wall with duct tape while an adult man slept on a couch underneath him “smiling.”
Maatouq al-Sharif, a member of Saudi Arabia's Human Rights Commission, said: “Such behavior has an impact on the child's personality. This also promotes the culture of violence against children.
Last Update: Saturday, 11 January 2014 KSA 23:34 - GMT 20:34
For fans of inebriants, Cinco de Mayo this coming Sunday is one of the most exciting days of the year; a day when excessive alcohol consumption is not only expected, it's encouraged (Mexicans, like the Irish on St. Patrick's Day, often regard it as “Amateur Night”). In some of our favorite fictional worlds of the future, alcohol still provides a welcome distraction from the universe around.
No matter what evolution alcohol goes through, there is something about human nature that will always look for some type of distraction. Utopian and dystopian futures alike all seem to still have a simple human requirement for release of cares and worries. Orwell's Victory Gin and Huxley's Soma are just a few examples of dystopian alcohol use, but booze still exists as recreation in the futures of Star Trek and other, happier societies. Rather than shun or shy away from human nature, I say let's embrace the need for diversion, because if there are two things we like here at Topless Robot, they'd be science fiction and booze. The following are ten of the most memorable intoxicating beverages from the sci-fi lexicon. Some are just beverages, some replace meals, but they all could accomplish one thing: fuck you up good.
10. Ambrosia – Battlestar Galactica
Alcohol advertising of the past always liked to point out how cleanly the beverage was made. Crisp mountain waters, the finest barley and hops all hope to give an image of purity and cleanliness. Then there is Ambrosia, the chief export of the Twelve Colonies Penal System. That's right, the beverage of the Gods is manufactured in jail by sweaty, nasty convicts. Of course that's before the Cylons decide to go all Skynet on their parents, nuking the shit out of the Twelve Colonies and all of their spirit-producing prisons. It's safe to say, especially since the Galactica crew builds a still in the hangar bay, that any alcohol is good alcohol after Armageddon, regardless of where it was made.
Apparently there are many different kinds of Ambrosia, with one of the rarest being Scorpion Marsh Genuine Ambrosia, a variety that is generally snubbed by Capricans for its strength and that fact that it smells like swamp ass. While its green color would seem more appropriate for Saint Patrick's Day, frak it, color shouldn't get in the way of a good buzz…So Say We All.
9. Moloko Plus – A Clockwork Orange
It's safe to say that there will be more than a few fights breaking out on Cinco de Mayo. In science fiction though, nothing seems to promote violence or rather, the old Ultraviolence like Moloko Plus.
The preferred beverage of Alex and his Droogs, this combination of milk, alcohol and barbiturates brings out the worst in people, and seems like it would be the perfect beverage to have before starting a fight. While neither the book nor the movie give a detailed recipe, the Internet seems to have come to the consensus that Moloko Plus is a blend of Absinthe, Anisette, Irish Cream, sugar and milk, minus of course the psychotropic drugs (unless you still are under the impression that the Green Fairy causes hallucinations).
As fun as it might sound, drinking Moloko Plus is most likely going to turn you into the party's asshole. The Droogs tend to fuel up on the stuff before their Ultraviolence benders, which I'm guessing would make you somewhat of a pariah at a party. One minute you're drinking it up and having a blast, the next you're beating your party host over the head with a giant penis sculpture. I'm guessing it's a quick way to get off the guest list for next year.
8. Benderbrau – Futurama
As odd as it may seem, Ron Moore's Battlestar Galactica was one of the few times we as viewers have witnessed robot pregnancy. The resulting human/Cylon hybrid of course became the next step in human evolution, but how much fun is that? When Futurama‘s Bender gets pregnant, though, the results are both hysterical and inebriating.
With a proper mix of ingredients, heat and robot porn, it isn't long before Bender has a bun in the oven in the form of beer. Of course, the happy robot parent has no idea whether his offspring will be an ale or a lager, but after a short period of time, Benderbrau, a cold-fusion, steam-brewed ale is born.
There isn't anything particularly remarkable about Benderbrau, aside from the fact that it was cold brewed in the belly of a robot. Then again, I've been told that carrying a child is one of the most rewarding and demanding things a person can experience, so the amount of dedication necessary for a vat of Benderbrau rivals any efforts of Jim Cook.
7. Green a.k.a. Aldebaran Whisky – Star Trek: The Next Generation
While Klingons and Romulans might still like their alcoholic beverages in a more traditional form, Starfleet had opted to remove it from their ships lounges and replicators, replacing it instead with Synthehol; a beverage that while smelling and tasting like the true thing, has limited effects on the living. While it still has the ability to intoxicate, it's effects are significantly diminished and easily dismissed, all without those nagging little inconveniences such as alcohol poisoning, liver damage and beer goggles.
Of course, when Captain Montgomery Scott, recently freed from his transporter purgatory on board the USS Jenolan, wants to get shit-faced, Synthehol will most certainly not do. Thankfully, Data and Guinan come to the rescue, replacing Scotty's synthetic and apparently disgusting scotch with a bottle of Aldebaran Whisky from Guinan's private stock. While not much is known about this beverage, it is referenced multiple times, particularly in the Deep Space Nine eras as something available at Quark's bar. Its effects are obvious in its one onscreen appearance – it can put a true Scotsman under the table, or at least the helm of the Enterprise, so long as it doesn't have any bloody A, B, C or D on it.
6. Romulan Ale – Original Star Trek
Romulan Ale has been at the center of at least one serious diplomatic incident in the history of the Federation. No wonder then that it is technically illegal, though high ranking Starfleet officers seem to have little trouble acquiring this clandestine blue beverage. An early script for Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan described the bootlegged spirit as an “instant drunk”, and it was obvious by the effects that it had on crews of both the Enterprise and Kronos-One at a diplomatic dinner in 2293 that it was an intensely strong beverage. It is believed to be at least as strong as Klingon Bloodwine, though one is less likely to contract hepatitis from Romulan Ale.
While we live nowhere near the Romulan Star Empire, we meager humans have come up with a reasonable facsimile to true Romulan Ale. According to the Star Trek Memory Alpha Website, a mixture of Bacardi rum, Everclear and Blue Curacao in equal parts creates a beverage similar in color and effect to the legendary Romulan Ale. While we can't assume the taste will be accurate, at 134 proof the beverage should deliver the desired effects.
5. Mudder's Milk – Firefly
There are highbrow beverages, and rot gut beverages, but there is something quite special about drinks for the every man, the working class. In my hometown of Baltimore in a small division called Canton, National Bohemian Beer (or Natty Boh) is the working class beverage. In the town of Canton on the world of Higgin's Moon, that every man's drink is Mudder's Milk. Essentially the combination of alcohol, a Powerbar and Carnation Instant Breakfast, Mudder's Milk is a supplement meant to replenish lost nutrients from a hard day's work and prevent revolt by keeping the Mudders completely shitfaced.
By definition, the beverage sounds disgusting, but it's not a new concept. Simon is quick to point out that the ancient Egyptians concocted a similar brew to prevent starvation and revolt in their workers as well. It's obvious by the looks on the faces of first time drinkers that the beverage has a unique taste and texture, but it's that texture that might be one of the best aspects of the beverage.
One of the two pieces of advice my grandfather gave me was never to drink on an empty stomach (the other piece being to always shit on company time). Mudder's Milk is the perfect solution to drinking without dining, since the drink and the meal are technically one in the same. There's no need for expensive food tabs on a night when Mudder's Milk is on the menu. It's the Chunky Soup of alcohol – fills you up and gets you pissed!
4. Anaconda Malt Liquor – Black Dynamite
I'll be the first to admit that this one is a stretch, but it's the science fiction properties of Leon St. James's favorite beverage that warrant it's place on this list. As the only malt liquor officially given the seal of approval of the United States government, one would think that the beverage that gives you “ooohhh” would be of the highest quality. Of course it isn't long before we discover the horrible truth behind the beverage.
Anaconda Malt Liquor is apparently a government experiment contrived by Tricky Dick Nixon and the Fiendish Dr. Wu, who apparently are suffering from little man syndrome. The effects of long term exposure to the drink, aside from giving you “ooohhh”, is the reduction in size of the victims manhood.
On second thought, Anaconda Malt Liquor might just be the great equalizer for us nerds. My email is flooded on a daily basis with ads that guarantee to add to my anatomy. Instead, by feeding my potential rivals copious amounts of Anaconda, I could quickly be able to measure up so to speak, without exposing myself to any potentially dangerous chemicals or painful surgeries. Drink up my rivals…drink up!
3. Bor'kaan Volshool Ivanova – Babylon 5
It can't be said that the Drazi don't know how to have a good time. Even their political process seems to be a hoot, as demonstrated when Commander Ivanova is dispatched to quell what seems to be a Drazi civil war. She soon learns that every five years the Drazi people are separated into two camps, Green and Purple, who then engage in a battle royale until one team is declared the victor. That team then gets control of the government for the next five year which in hindsight, seems like a much more inexpensive and fun way of determining leadership. Once the battle is over, Drazi of both colors come together in a celebration of drinking games, with Bor'kaan as their beverage of choice.
Babylon 5‘s Drazi population are thrown for loop with Ivanova's intervention, as she inadvertently starts turmoil by taking the green sash of leadership, thereby becoming Green Leader. Unfortunately for her, Bor'kaan is a particularly nasty and deadly drink, with humans only able to consume it after taking an alcohol blocker of some sort. Not wanting their new Green Leader to miss out of the celebrations, they concoct a less potent version of the beverage by diluting it with Russian Vodka. This new drink, Bor'kaan Volshool Ivanova, is apparently a joke on the commander. While she does not ask was Volshool means, the laughter that erupts every time they say the word implies pussy. Regardless of what you are drinking though, there ain't no party like a Drazi party 'cause a Drazi party don't stop…until someone passes out in the drunken Drazi pyramid.
2. Spice Beer – Dune
In the year 10,191, the most precious substance in the universe is the spice melange. When taken properly it can make people live longer, have some really trippy dreams, and generally feel happy. If you go on a Tony Montana style spice bender, you end up seeing the future, getting really blue eyes and eventually turning into a fish monster. Of course, a substance with that much potential for benefit will most certainly be abused, and it didn't take long before intergalactic, futuristic frat boys decided that mixing spice with beer would make for one hell of a good time.
There may be some benefits to starting off your bender with a copious amount of spice beer. You might have a waking dream early in the evening in which you see the fight you will get in, the vomiting all over the Guild Bar Bathroom or the hideous sexual partner you might go home with at the end of the night. This precognition might save you from an embarrassing morning of regret… and syphilis. Of course, the downside to all of that spice beer is eventually you find yourself with webbed feet and hands. Then again, webbed extremities would be preferred to a serious case of the drips.
1. The Pan Galactic Gargle Blaster – The Hitch-Hiker's Guide to the Galaxy
There is no place on this list but the top for what is science fiction's most memorable alcoholic beverage. Described by the most useful book in the universe as “the alcoholic equivalent of a mugging – expensive and bad for the head…like having your brain smashed out by a slice of lemon wrapped around a large gold brick”, the Pan Galactic Gargle Blaster is also notable for being one of the few beverages that comes complete with its own recovery program in addition to acidic chemical properties similar to Giger's Alien.
While many of the beverages on this list can be replicated or at least interpreted on this list, the Pan Galactic Gargle Blaster unfortunately is not one I would expect to see. Its ingredients, including such things as that Ol' Janx Spirits, Arcturian Mega-Gin and Algolian Suntiger teeth are obviously impossible to get here, and while websites offer many earthbound representations, Douglas Adams himself said in a 2000 interview with Slashdot, that attempting to make a true Pan Galactic Gargle Blaster on Earth would violate multiple environmental and weapons treaties as well as the laws of physics. A true fire and forget weapon, this drink is one you would forget the moment you fired it down your throat, most likely because of the instant death you caused yourself.
The Department of Homeland Security is reportedly investigating who is behind the DDoS attack that took down much of the internet, including Twitter and Spotify, on Friday. The White House called it a “criminal act,” according to Reuters.
UPDATE: Internet denied: What's behind the massive DDoS attacks
Read more
For much of Friday, many internet users, mostly on the US East Coast, suffered through downed internet service. Amazon, Netflix, PayPal, Reddit, Spotify and Twitter were among the more prominent sites affected, as were many major mainstream news outlets.
Dyn DNS Company warned its customers that for the third time on Friday a distributed denial of service (DDoS) attack was under way. A little over two hours later around 6:20pm Eastern Time, the DNS company reported, "this incident has been resolved."
A DDoS attack is a popular disruptive tactic whereby a website or service is taken down by manufactured high traffic from a widespread, large number of sources.
The internet performance management company described the attacks as "well planned and executed, coming from tens of millions of IP addresses at the same time," in a statement to CNBC.
Twitter, which is a client of Dyn, tweeted at 5:23pm Eastern Time through its Twitter Support account that its DDoS attack problems were "resolved."
WikiLeaks only added more confusion as to who might be behind the massive DDoS attack, as the whistleblowing site's Twitter account addressed “supporters,” asking them to stop the new wave of DDoS.
"Mr. Assange is still alive and WikiLeaks is still publishing. We ask supporters to stop taking down the US internet. You proved your point," the tweet said cryptically.
Mr. Assange is still alive and WikiLeaks is still publishing. We ask supporters to stop taking down the US internet. You proved your point. pic.twitter.com/XVch196xyL — WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) October 21, 2016
"We have begun monitoring and mitigating a DDoS attack against our Dyn Managed (Domain Name System) infrastructure. Our Engineers are continuing to work on mitigating this issue," Dyn said on its website just before noon Eastern Time. The first attack came hours earlier, around 7:00am.
Matthew Shepard, second left, and Michele Josue, second right, in an archival photo from Matthew Shepard Is a Friend of Mine. Courtesy of Run Rabbit Run Media
The director of the film Matt Shepard Is a Friend of Mine is Michele Josue, who knew Matthew Shepard when they were both children. It's the sort of film one feels a little crass reviewing, an intensely personal work made by a person attempting to struggle through profound grief. Reflection, not analysis, seems the more fitting response. The documentary consists mostly of interviews with Shepard's friends and family, and of Josue's memories of her friend: their correspondence, the things they did and didn't share with each other. These are interspersed with archival footage, first of Shepard throughout his life, and then, later, cut-ins from TV news, broadcasting from Laramie, Wyoming, where Matthew Shepard was murdered at the age of 21.
Matthew Shepard's murderers singled him out because he was gay. His death in 1998 attracted the attention of the world beyond Wyoming, due in part to the horror of the crime: His murderers lured him to a remote area, beat him savagely, and left him with his hands tied behind his back in the middle of nowhere. His brain stem was damaged in the attack. It took him days to die. More detailed accounts of the crime, and of Shepard's death, are excruciating to hear; they speak of human cruelty, of hard things to know about the world we live in. A handsome young man who hadn't yet fully arrived in his adult body, Shepard smiled out through the braces on his teeth in the papers, on the evening news, and on the then-growing Internet, where word of the attack spread to all corners of the globe. His name became a rallying cry. His death illuminated for many the real threat of violence with which LGBTQ men and women live every day of their lives.
Matt Shepard Is a Friend of Mine seeks to restore Shepard's humanity to his name, to tell the story of the person who was murdered for being who he was. His mother and father, and his teachers and his friends, trace his life from childhood to its last days. They tell stories; they share keepsakes. They talk about what was important to him. They make clear that the loss of their son and friend will be with them always; the film refreshingly and explicitly resists seeking closure in the face of horror. (“I don't know what you mean by ‘healing,' ” Father Roger Schmit, a priest at University of Wyoming at the time of the murder, says to Josue. “I hope you never lose being angry about this.”)
Gently but persistently, Josue returns to Shepard's parents. “This is what they're here for, to see us cry,” his mother says, accurately, when the media have descended on Laramie. She gives a full and unsparing account of the attack and the aftermath, of her son's final hours. His plainspoken father, Dennis, tries to give a clear picture of what Matthew Shepard was like in life—what his hopes were, what it was like to know him. What it felt like to be his father when he seemed to be struggling. Of Matthew coming out to his parents. In one of several very difficult moments of deep feeling toward the film's end, at the site where his son was left for dead, Dennis reads from a statement he originally read at trial while accepting a guilty plea in exchange for a life sentence: “My first-born son, and my hero,” he says, twice. It is hard, as an onlooker, to bear, but it deserves to be borne.
There's occasional awkwardness in first-time director Josue's film: some gratuitous zooms and unnecessary resolves, a good handful of stock documentary transitional scenes. What does it matter? There is more to art than aesthetics. There's bearing witness. This film does just that, somewhat bluntly at times, but beautifully. It ends on a note of hope—the hate-crimes legislation finally passed 11 years after Shepard's death, the foundation established in his name—but the lingering mood, after the credits have rolled, is grief, which is greatly to the film's credit, I think. The good doesn't feel like it outweighs or outpaces the bad, the weight of the struggle: There's some hope, sometimes, that someday it might, with vigilance and hard work. But there's also despair, and hard questions. The only way around the hard questions is through them.
Dana Stevens is on sabbatical.
The first permits are up for JDS Development‘s new building at 340 Flatbush Ave. Extension in Downtown Brooklyn, and the site will soon give rise to the borough's tallest building. SHoP is the architect of record, and Katherine Clarke previously reported on the assemblage earlier this month, at the Daily News. The Chetrit Group is also involved with the project.
DOB filings indicate the tower will total 555,734 square feet, including a 108,799 square foot commercial component. The remaining 446,734 square feet will be split between 495 residences.
In terms of height, 340 Flatbush Ave. Extension will tower well above all competing developments in Downtown Brooklyn. The building will rise 70 stories and 775 feet tall, and if the high-rise includes structural components above the top floor — like any sort of spire — the skyscraper could be even taller.
The vicinity is seeing a major development boom, justified by excellent transit access; the site is a short walk from eight different subway lines. 340 Flatbush Ave. Extension is also across the street from the City Point development, which may also vie for the title of Brooklyn's tallest, pending details on the site's third phase.
With a plateau emerging at the 600-foot level, the filings for 340 Flatbush Ave. Extension represents a major step forward for the Brooklyn skyline. Given JDS and SHoP's recent collaborations, an iconic and ground-breaking design is likely, and the tower should be worthy of its place at the top of DoBro.
No completion date has been formally announced — and renderings have not yet been released — but given the fresh permits, progress is likely imminent.
Subscribe to the YIMBY email newsletter and receive the latest new development news in your inbox.
Follow the YIMBYgram for real-time photo updates
Follow YIMBY's Twitter for the latest in YIMBYnews
For any questions, comments, or feedback, email [email protected]
A sheriff in Kirkcaldy has asked for mental health checks on Stephen Gough after the naked rambler broke down in court.
Gough, 53, from Eastleigh, Hampshire, has spent nearly all of the last six years in Scottish jails, including long periods in solitary confinement at Perth prison, after repeatedly being arrested for failing to wear clothes in public or in court.
He was nude again at Kirkcaldy sheriff court on Thursday to face another charge of breach of the peace after his arrest on the outskirts of Dunfermline in July, three days after his release from his last term of imprisonment at Perth.
During the final stages of a two-hour hearing at which Gough represented himself, the former soldier broke down in tears as he made closing remarks in his own defence.
He had been agitated and seemed near to breaking down earlier in the hearing, prompting the sheriff, James Williamson, to order criminal social work reports into Gough's mental wellbeing before sentencing. Gough told the court he had last had psychiatric tests or social work evaluation several years ago.
In his emotional final plea, Gough, heavily bearded and gaunt, referred to allegations made by the prosecutor, Brian Robertson, and complaints from two civilian witnesses about the alleged impact on their children of seeing him walking naked through Townhill, near Dunfermline.
His voice breaking before he began audibly sobbing, Gough said: "There's nothing about me as a human being that is indecent or alarming or offensive. That's where I'm coming from, which is deep inside.
"So this provocative nature that the man [Robertson] is suggesting I have is nothing of the kind. It's me, standing up for what I am. [Because] all of us are human beings too and we have children and our children are beautiful and we're beautiful too, because we're human beings – all the same. I have nothing to be ashamed about. I'm just a bloke standing up for the truth of what I am."
Williamson told him: "There were certain points in your evidence and certain points in your summing up where I was concerned about your emotional behaviour, and I was a bit concerned as to whether or not you were in control of yourself. I want somebody independent to see whether your mental health is all that is should be because, in the absence of any good reason otherwise, you're going to end up serving prison sentence after prison sentence."
Gough was arrested by Fife police about 300 metres from a children's play area on Friday 20 July after several 999 calls were made from residents complaining that a naked man with a rucksack had been walking through Townhill, worrying and upsetting their children.
One prosecution witness, Michelle Solway, who said her 10-year-old daughter had been allegedly shocked by seeing him naked on the roadside, refused to look at Gough as he sat in the dock, answering his questions by staring fixedly at the floor, her arms clasped across her chest.
Gough, who achieved fame and some notoriety for twice walking from John O'Groats in the far north of Scotland to Land's End in Cornwall, had already walked for two days from Perth after leaving prison in the nude. He has refused to abandon his goal of walking naked back to Southampton, on the south coast of England.
Gothic romance returns to DC Comics this October with the arrival of Deadman: Dark Mansion of Forbidden Love by Sarah Vaughn and Lan Medina . The three-issue series tells the story of a young woman named Berenice who has the ability to see ghosts. She's also caught in a love triangle with her boyfriend and her non-binary best friend, but her conflicted heart may be the least of her problems, as the mansion they occupy is haunted by a very angry revenant. Thankfully another ghost soon arrives to offer his help, and it's none other than Boston Brand, the Deadman .
Fans of romance comics will know Vaughn from Alex + Ada and Ruined , which was serialized in the Fresh Romance anthology. Fans of all kinds of comics may know Medina from Punisher Max , District X , or Fables . And fans of DC will know Deadman as a supernatural superhero who's been bopping around the DC Universe since Arnold Drake and Carmine Infantino created him back in 1967.
In the past, Deadman's stories have ranged from superheroics to horror, but I think this is the first time he's really gotten involved in a true Gothic romance plot. It's definitely an interesting direction to take him in, and for DC's line in general. Vaughn is the ideal choice for this sort of thing, and Medina's artwork is gorgeous and evokes the perfect mood.
Deadman: Dark Mansion of Forbidden Love is a three-issue prestige format series, featuring covers by Stephanie Hans . The first issue is out in October. Check out a preview of some unfinsihed interior pages below:
From DC's press release:
Greetings Citizens and Civilians, you're tuned to episode 150, of Guard Frequency — the best damn space sim podcast ever! This episode was recorded on January 7th 2017 and released for streaming and download on Tuesday, January 10th 2017 at GuardFrequency.com
[Download this episode]
Woo, we made it! The big 150! To celebrate, we decided to take to the Twitch and broadcast our show live, and in video! We filled the stream with as many past and present Guard Frequency cast and crew and did the show a little more free-form than usual. As a result, this episode available for download is the raw, unleashed Guard Frequency… experience. Yes, experience. We'll call it that. In this week's episode, we cover a couple of Squawk Box articles including the AI that wrote a Christmas Nightmare, why robot children are better than actual children, the organ from Nantuckett and a quick update on the Scorpion. After that, we talk Elite: Dangerous and Star Citizen (although in retrospect it was mainly Elite: Dangerous) and give a few details on the Guard Frequency Flight School.
This Week's Community Question
What are your thoughts on a Guard Frequency flight school? Is this a Patreon Perk you'd be interested in? What sort of things would you like to see?
Let us know your thoughts by commenting below!
We got patches!
Join us in-game!
Click here to go to our Star Citizen Organisation page and apply today!
Join our Google Plus community for Elite: Dangerous
Check out the callsigns we use personally in each game
ATLANTA--As the difficulty of making a decision based on sensory evidence increases, activity in the brain's insular cortex also increases, according to researchers at Georgia State University.
The findings, reported in the journal Neuroscience, shed light on how the insular cortex is involved in processing sensory information to perceive the environment and drive behaviors, which has been a mystery. Researchers examined anterior insulae activity for four perceptual decision-making tasks of varying difficulty and found a strong positive correlation between perceptual difficulty and insular cortex activity.
"This study found the activity of the anterior insulae can predict how well the sensory information is perceived or what the difficulty level of the perceptual task is," said Mukesh Dhamala, associate professor in the Department of Physics and Astronomy at Georgia State. "This research is important because the anterior insulae, along with two nearby brain structures, make up the salience network, and when this network is impaired, it affects the ability to switch between tasks and make coherent thoughts. Impairment in this network could possibly be linked to psychiatric illnesses, such as schizophrenia, dementia and autism, so it's essential to learn more about how this brain area should be functioning."
Perceptual decision-making is the process in which sensory information is gathered and used to influence our behavior. For instance, if a person is driving and suddenly sees an object in front of the vehicle, he or she must decide what action to take, such as whether to slow down or bypass the object.
The study involved 33 humans with normal or corrected-to-normal vision and normal neurological history. They completed four tasks, in which the researchers manipulated the visual and audiovisual stimuli to create varying degrees of task difficulty.
Behavioral experiments were performed outside the MRI scanner and corresponding functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) was carried out inside the scanner. Outside the MRI scanner, participants were asked to indicate their decisions as quickly and accurately as possible with left and right mouse clicks for two given stimuli. Inside the MRI scanner, they were asked to perceive the presented stimuli, wait for a question mark to be displayed on the screen and then indicate their choice by pressing a response key on a button box.
The researchers also measured blood oxygen level dependent (BOLD) signals and examined the role of anterior insulae in easy and difficult perceptual decision-making.
In all four experimental tasks, researchers found that anterior insulae activity consistently increased with task difficulty. For perception of facial expressions, for example, the anterior insulae was activated significantly higher for blurred or "noisy" pictures compared to clear pictures. Researchers also found higher BOLD activity for difficult tasks compared to easy ones and that participants' behavioral performance changed with the ambiguity of sensory information.
In a second study recently published in the journal NeuroImage, the researchers examined sub-second timing of the right insular cortex activity and the influence of the right anterior insula on two other key brain areas, the left anterior insula and dorsal anterior cingulate cortex. Together these three brain structures make up the salience network, which plays a key role in perceptual decision-making.
"This study discovered that the anterior insulae play a major role in integrating scantly available sensory information very early on around 100 milliseconds," Dhamala said.
The study also found the brain structures in the salience network communicate with each other around a frequency of 20 Hertz. Electroencephalography was used to record electrical activity of the brain in 26 neurologically healthy human volunteers.
###
Other members of the research team include Bidhan Lamichhane, Bhim Adhikari and Ganesh Chand of the Department of Physics and Astronomy at Georgia State.
Both studies were funded by the National Science Foundation.
Beartooth have announced that they want to play more house shows and are sick of barricades. They have put up a submission form for you to apply to get them to play at their house. The form is on their official website here. Check out their announcement by clicking “Read More” below.
“Hey, we're tired of playing venues with barricades,” the band said. “We want to play at your house. ‘Nuff said.”
Dates with Sleeping With Sirens and Pierce The Veil:
11/ 05 –Fresno CA - Woodward Park Amphitheater
11/07 Pomona, CA – The Fox Theatre
11/08 Tuscon, AZ – Rialto Theatre
11/09 Albuquerque, NM - Sunshine Theater
11/1 Lubbock, TX - Lonestar Pavillion
11/13 Tulsa, OK – Brady Theater
11/14 Nashville, TN - Cannery Ballroom
11/15 North Myrtle Beach, SC – HOB Myrtle Beach, VA
11/16 Norfolk, VA – The NorVa
11/19 Lancaster, PA – Freedom Hall
11/20 Toms River, NJ – Pine Belt Arena
11/20 Albany, NY - Washington Avenue Armory
11/22 Hartford, CT – The Webster
11/24 Huntington, NY – The Paramount
11/25 Huntington, NY – The Paramount
11/29 Milwaukee, WI - Eagles Ballroom
11/30 Plymouth, MI - Compuware Arena
12/01 Clive, IA- Flags Event Center
12/03 Boulder, CO – Boulder Theater
12/05 Reno, NV – Knitting Factory\
12/6 Las Vegas, NV – The Joint @ Hard Rock Hotel
Bitcoin's roller-coaster price swings on Wednesday were caused by an influx of new buyers and software that couldn't keep up, according to the largest exchange, Mt. Gox.
People trading bitcoin on the Tokyo-based exchange saw its price hit US$266 at one point, then fall to as low as $105 with high lag times for trades. The surge in interest in bitcoin has overwhelmed Mt. Gox.
"We are running like crazy," said Gonzague Gay-Bouchery, who heads marketing for Mt. Gox, on Thursday in an interview. "We are trying to do everything by the book and trying to make everything work smoothly."
Mt. Gox and other exchanges that allow people to buy bitcoin all appeared to have varying degrees of problems on Wednesday, illustrating how small Internet companies often grapple with scaling their services amid rising interest.
Bitcoin, a virtual currency that is transferred by a peer-to-peer network, has been propelled in recent weeks by mainstream media coverage, although the number of transactions remains very small compared to traditional financial networks.
In just two days earlier this month, Mt. Gox gained 75,000 new users, and some 20,000 new ones in the last three days, Gay-Bouchery said. As soon as Mt. Gox credits their accounts with cash, those users jump into trading. Mt. Gox's system has had trouble processing those trades quickly, which has lead to vast price swings as users try to quickly complete trades and anticipate price moves.
"Bitcoin will go up and down," Gay-Bouchery said. "If there is a lag, don't panic."
Last week, Mt. Gox said it fought a massive distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attack intended to manipulate the price of bitcoin. Although Mt. Gox's exchange is nearly always under a DDoS attack, Gay-Bouchery said Wednesday's issues were not related to DDoS.
Mt. Gox has spent an "enormous" amount of money on new servers for its bitcoin trading engine. Already, the exchange uses servers with 64GB of RAM each, but it hasn't been enough to keep the site running perfectly. The new servers, which have solid-state drives for faster data input and output, are due to arrive from the U.S. soon, he said.
The exchange has also been recently contacted by major server manufacturers who supply technology to the largest banks in the world, Gay-Bouchery said. The companies said they can solve Mt. Gox's trading woes.
The code for Mt. Gox's trading platform would have to be changed to accommodate new hardware, but it would give the exchange a trading platform comparable to that of a bank, lending more stability, Gay-Bouchery said.
Other exchanges that sell bitcoin were also groaning under the strain. Bit Innovate in Australia wrote on Twitter that is website was under stress due to increased demand. On Wednesday, it appeared at one point to simply run out of bitcoins to sell.
"Due to extremely high demand, we have had to temporarily close our Buy Bitcoins service," Bit Innovate wrote. "Sourcing more. It will be open as soon possible."
BitFloor, the largest U.S. bitcoin exchange based in New York, warned of delays and technical issues with its website. Roman Shtylman, the founder of BitFloor, said his exchange saw its highest trading volume and highest number of users ever.
Shtylman said he was working on some changes to ensure smooth trading following Wednesday's frenzy.
"Everyone saw pain in a different way," he said.
Send news tips and comments to jeremy_kirk@idg.com. Follow me on Twitter: @jeremy_kirk
In mid-June, the European Union pledged to provide one million euros ($1.13 million) to finance a preliminary study on the feasibility of constructing a railway tunnel between Tallinn and Helsinki, under the Gulf of Finland (ERR, June 15).
The decision has attracted widespread attention to a project that officials in both cities, and more broadly in both countries, have been pushing for many years. Such attention is entirely justified not only because of the enormous engineering challenge such a tunnel would represent, but also because of the ways in which it would transform the geopolitics of the entire region, from the Nordics through the Baltic countries to Europe.
***
The economic benefits from a Tallinn–Helsinki Rail Tunnel to both Estonia and Finland would be enormous. Their capitals would effectively become one extended metropolis, much as the bridge between Copenhagen, Denmark, and Malmo, Sweden, has made those two cities.
Read the full article here.
MELBOURNE'S stunning upset 41-point victory over ladder-leader Adelaide has been rewarded with four Demons in the round eight Teams of the Week, brought to you by Accor Hotels.
Michael Hibberd, Christian Petracca, Jack Viney and Clayton Oliver were all outstanding as the Dees, without ill star forward Jesse Hogan, notched their most impressive victory in Simon Goodwin's time in charge.
Oliver won 72 per cent of the fan vote over Western Bulldogs midfielder Caleb Daniel to pinch the final spot in the team.
The Bombers also have a healthy representation of players, with Joe Daniher, Zach Merrett and Anthony McDonald-Tipungwuti all unstoppable as Essendon torched Geelong at the MCG on Saturday night.
Daniher partners Jeremy Cameron in the key forward posts after the star Giant booted a round-high six goals against Collingwood.
At the other end of the ground, Hawthorn youngster Ryan Burton has been rewarded for his starring performance against the Brisbane Lions in Launceston on Saturday.
North's Robbie Tarrant quelled the influence of Sydney superstar Lance Franklin and is picked at centre-half back, with Roos coach Brad Scott acknowledging the 42-point loss could have been even greater if not for Tarrant standing tall.
As always, the midfield spots were hotly contested with Tom Rockliff, Jack Macrae, Brad Ebert and Travis Boak among the unlucky ones to miss out.
Ryan Burton (Hawthorn): The highly touted youngster continued to shape his future and was a standout for the Hawks. Had 16 kicks among 25 disposals, 11 intercepts and an efficiency rating of 88 per cent.
Jack Hombsch (Port Adelaide): Outlasted his tiring opponents and was the general in defence. With eight marks and 18 disposals he was a major contributor in shutting down Gold Coast's forward line.
Michael Hibberd (Melbourne): The former Bomber had his best performance so far this season and continued to build on a successful return to AFL. Was highly disciplined in defence, finishing with 34 disposals, 20 kicks, eight marks and 673m gained.
• Nine things we learned from round eight
Sam Docherty (Carlton): The reigning Carlton best and fairest was instrumental across half-back and snatched some important contested marks. Finished the day with 26 possessions, 11 marks and 10 intercept possessions.
Robbie Tarrant (North Melbourne): Played a crucial role on Lance Franklin and restricted the star forward to only one goal. With 20 touches and six marks he had a "dominant performance," according to coach Brad Scott.
Sam Mitchell (WCE): Alongside Andrew Gaff, was instrumental in the Eagles' thrilling win. Equalled former St Kilda star Robert Harvey's record of the most games with 30 disposals or more (118).
WATCH: Super Sam's smooth Friday night
Andrew Gaff (WCE): The hard-running Eagle had a game-high 35 disposals and was one of the keys to West Coast's eight-point win over last year's premiers. Gaff had 33 uncontested possessions and 15 marks, as his ability to win the ball on the outside created havoc for the Dogs. Also finished with one major.
Josh Kennedy (Sydney): The Sydney captain was immense in the Swans' 42-point win over North Melbourne, particularly in the first half where he amassed 26 disposals. He finished with 37 in the best afield effort as the Swans' midfielders crushed their North Melbourne counterparts in contested situations.
Josh Kelly (GWS): Kelly turned in one of the best individual performances of the season to lead the Giants to their first win over Collingwood in the club's history. The young star had 36 disposals, 11 tackles, eight inside 50s, seven clearances and a goal, despite close attention from Levi Greenwood at times.
Michael Walters (Fremantle): Racked up a career-high 38 disposals predominantly playing through the midfield and was dynamic in the third quarter as Fremantle built its lead. Booted one goal, but could have had three or four to his name if he had kicked straight.
Joe Daniher (Essendon): Another best afield display and added another medal to his keeping, after being awarded the inaugural Tom Wills Award. Daniher's athleticism in the air and agility at ground level, as well as his long-range kicking were a feature of his five-goal haul.
A perfect cross from Fantasia and Daniher puts it into the back of the net. Bombers lead two-nil. #AFLDonsCats pic.twitter.com/a0eF0aqVl6 — AFL (@AFL) May 13, 2017
Jack Billings (St Kilda): Billings silenced some of the doubters with his best game at AFL level. The 21-year-old, pick No.3 in the 2013 NAB AFL Draft, kicked five goals from 30 disposals to be the most influential player on the ground in his 50th match.
WATCH: Billing's five-star breakout
Anthony McDonald-Tipungwuti (Essendon): Sparked the Bombers with his unrelenting pressure, his swift movement in traffic and ability to charge out into space. Had 17 disposals and kicked three goals, with his left-foot goal on the run in the third-term straight from the top shelf.
The smother, the left-foot finish, the fist pump: take a bow Anthony McDonald-Tipungwuti #AFLDonsCats pic.twitter.com/NZ8VAe04TB — AFL (@AFL) May 13, 2017
Jeremy Cameron (GWS): Booted six goals, including three in the second quarter as the Giants hauled themselves back into the contest by cutting a 26-point quarter-time deficit to just one at the major break. Cameron took 10 grabs and along with Josh Kelly was the key play in a thrilling last-gasp win.
WATCH: Jezza leads Giants to first win over Pies
Christian Petracca (Melbourne): Changed the complexion of the game in the second half with his sensational work around the contest up forward and in the middle. The young star's ability to keep his feet and power through tackles was a defining symbol of the Demons' rousing 41-point win over Adelaide.
WATCH: Petracca's powerful performance
Brodie Grundy (Collingwood): Allowed the Pies to win plenty of the ball as he dominated star GWS ruckman Shane Mumford. The big man was a clear standout, gathering 21 disposals, 41 hit-outs and a goal.
Tom Mitchell (Hawthorn): The prolific midfielder has averaged 34 disposals a game this season and continued his fine form against the Lions. He was influential throughout the match with 36 disposals, including 22 handballs.
Jack Viney (Melbourne): Alongside a host of good Melbourne performances, the co-captain was prolific inside the contest and outside – striking a good balance with 15 contested possessions and 16 uncontested possessions. Laid a game-high 12 tackles to go with 30 disposals and a goal.
Petracca's muscle and desire sets up Viney for an easy goal. #AFLCrowsDees pic.twitter.com/YscSExzCzW — AFL (@AFL) May 13, 2017
Luke Parker (Sydney): Comprehensively turned the corner after a slow start to the year, which was exacerbated by an interrupted pre-season. The star Swan had 36 disposals, 11 clearances and kicked two goals as the Swans smashed the Roos.
Zach Merrett (Essendon): Merrett was typically prolific in the midfield, gathering 33 disposals as the most influential onballer on a ground containing Joel Selwood and Patrick Dangerfield. The star Bomber also laid 12 tackles for the game (two fewer than the Cats had as a team for the entire first half).
Seb Ross (St Kilda): Enhanced his reputation as one of the emerging midfield stars of the competition with another standout display in the Saints' 19-point win over Carlton. Collected 31 disposals, six clearances and kicked two goals – one of which put the Saints up by a goal at the 10-minute mark of the final term.
The fans' pick
Clayton Oliver (Melbourne): Reached the 30-disposal mark for the fifth time this season, as he continued his stellar start to the season. Oliver gathered 30 touches (15 contested and 15 uncontested) and laid 10 tackles. Capped his night off with an unbelievable banana goal from the pocket. Won 72 per cent of the fan vote against the Western Bulldogs' Caleb Daniel to claim the final spot on the bench.
Have your say on selection!
Who deserves the final spot in the round eight Teams of the Week? Brought to you by @Accorhotels. — AFL (@AFL) May 15, 2017
• Check out the best 22 from previous rounds
Your opportunity to be a “micro-entrepreneur”: By cleaning other people's homes or renting out your spare room.
Thomas Friedman, and others, have recently extolled the virtues of the sharing economy (see “Welcome to the Sharing Economy,” or “How to Monetize Your Closet“). At the risk of bragging, my immigrant parents were clearly trendsetters in this area. They typically rented or borrowed spare rooms (rather than stay at motels/hotels, or in a regular apartment), cars, clothing, shoes or pretty much anything they couldn't afford to own themselves — which was just about everything. They also pioneered as “micro-entrepreneurs,” always willing to do an odd job for cash. Of course, this was in the late 1930s, when my poor and uneducated immigrant parents were just one step short of becoming homeless. The 21st century sharing economy isn't being embraced because people want “lightweight (asset-free) living.” It's usually embraced for the same reasons it was embraced in the 1920s-1930s. For many people, there's not any other choice.
Airbnb is the archetype of this trend. Its service allows people with a spare room to use it as an ad hoc “bed and breakfast.” It rents these rooms to complete strangers, who in turn get to stay with complete strangers. What a delightful and desirable use of one's home!
Mr. Friedman writes enthusiastically about a future where we will typically: rent out our power tools, give each other rides, and provide cleaning services — all via Internet-based platforms such as Airbnb. We'll achieve a brave new world where each of us will be (in Mr. Friedman's words) a “micro-entrepreneur.” That's kind of like being a real entrepreneur, except you won't have: a regular salary, paid vacations, employer-provided health insurance, or a chance of getting rich from an IPO. Being a “micro-entrepreneur” in this brave new world seems instead just a euphemism for being an employee, except with reduced compensation, job security, benefits and protections.
I suspect Mr. Friedman, who makes $40,000/speech, isn't an active and regular user of Airbnb. He's not likely to want to stay with random strangers when he travels, nor have random strangers stay at his home. Similarly, I doubt any of his family members would welcome the opportunity to become “micro-entrepreneurs” by cleaning other people's homes.
I'm not criticizing the entrepreneurs who've spearheaded creation of this new and improved sharing economy. By building two-way feedback loops (both buyers and sellers rate each other), they've improved the experience for everyone, and lowered search/transactions costs. For VCs or entrepreneurs creating a marketplace/platform in this space (e.g., the next Airbnb), this could be an exciting and profitable opportunity. But let's not delude ourselves about some of the underlying economic forces driving this trend.
According to Pew Research, income inequality has returned to levels not seen since the 1920s. In 1928, the top 1 percent of families received 23.9 percent of all pre-tax income, while the bottom 90 percent received 50.7 percent. Today, we're back to approximately these same patterns of income distribution.
We've also created an underclass of people not suited to employment in a modern economy, but perfect “micro-entrepreneurs” for the sharing economy:
“Twenty-five percent of Americans that start high school do not graduate. Entering the workforce without a high school diploma means an unemployment rate three-and-a-half times the rate of those with a college degree. And for those who do find full-time work, they on average earn less than half of what a college graduate makes each year. Thirty percent of high school graduates do not go on to college right after graduation. In the workforce, a high school graduate earns on average more than someone without a diploma, but still only 60 percent of what a college graduate makes each year.” –Source: CNN
On top of these long-term trends, we currently have about three job seekers for every available job, and 11 million people looking for work — so the growth of the sharing economy isn't surprising.
Americans aren't looking forward to their new careers as “micro-entrepreneurs.” According to a recent Bloomberg National Poll, Americans — by a margin of about two to one (64 percent to 33 percent) — believe the U.S. no longer offers everyone an equal chance to get ahead. As you might expect, these feelings are most pronounced among those most likely to be offering their services as “micro-entrepreneurs” in the sharing economy.
So “welcome” to the sharing economy — also known as the collapse of the American Dream.
Steven Strauss is an adjunct lecturer in public policy at Harvard's Kennedy School of Government. Immediately prior to Harvard, he was founding Managing Director of the Center for Economic Transformation at the New York City Economic Development Corporation. Steven was one of the NYC leads for Applied Sciences NYC (Mayor Bloomberg's plan to build several new engineering and innovation centers in NYC), NYC BigApps and many other initiatives to foster job growth, innovation and entrepreneurship. In 2010, Steven was selected as a member of the Silicon Alley 100 in NYC. He has a Ph.D. in Management from Yale University, and over 20 years' private sector work experience. Geographically, Steven has worked in the U.S., Asia, Europe and the Middle East.
Libertarian presidential candidate Gary Johnson speaks at the Cannabis World Congress & Business Exposition in New York on June 16. (Lucas Jackson/Reuters)
Two things make Gary Johnson an unusual Libertarian nominee for the presidency.
The first is that Johnson, the former governor of New Mexico, is polling respectably well for a third-party candidate whom few voters have ever heard of. A recent poll by the Salt Lake Tribune put Johnson at 13 percent in Utah, for example, with Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump even at 35 percent. Now, Utah is probably familiar with Johnson since he was the governor of a nearby state. But if enough Republican voters who are put off by Trump defect to Johnson, Trump could be the first Republican nominee to lose the state in half a century.
The second thing about Johnson is that he is much more willing to compromise on questions about the size of government than the more doctrinaire Libertarian candidates of the past. As The Washington Post's David Weigel detailed in a profile of Johnson, he supports environmental regulation, and he would be willing to use executive authority to achieve Libertarian objectives rather than relying on Congress.
Gary Johnson, former Republican governor of New Mexico, is the 2016 presidential pick for the Libertarian Party. (Reuters)
Johnson might not have a chance of winning the presidency, but he could be an important factor in this fall's presidential race, giving him an opportunity to present the Libertarian Party's small-government agenda to a broader national audience. Here is a guide to where he stands on the issues.
Immigration
Johnson believes that the government should not interfere with U.S. employers' demand for foreign labor, but should instead allow the free market to determine the level of migration. He told Weigel that he opposed President Obama's deportations of undocumented immigrants, and he believed the president should find a way to allow those immigrants to work in this country legally.
He also said he supported Obama's decision to pursue his immigration policy through executive action, rather than relying on legislation by Congress — one example of a departure from strict Libertarian orthodoxy on the separation of powers.
Abortion
According to his Web site, Johnson is pro-life "in his personal life," but he believes that the decision to terminate a pregnancy is up to the mother and that the government should not impinge on her right to choose for herself.
On abortion, Johnson's position is similar to that of Vice President Biden, a Catholic who is also personally antiabortion but is in favor of abortion rights when it comes to the law.
Criminal justice
Johnson calls for a reduction in incarceration, and he believes mandatory minimum sentences needlessly remove judges' discretion in individual cases.
The former governor supports legal marijuana. He argues that other illegal drugs should be reclassified, and that punitive enforcement has failed to mitigate the harms associated with addiction and abuse.
Taxation
"If I'm elected president, you can expect me to sign anything that reduces taxes," Johnson told Weigel. Ideally, Johnson supports replacing the existing tax system with a single national consumption tax, which would be assessed at one rate across the economy with rebates for food and other staples. This model is similar to the one proposed by Mike Huckabee, the former governor of Arkansas and Republican presidential candidate.
Many economists believe that in principle, consumption taxes are a more efficient way of collecting revenue. Unlike a progressive income tax, a consumption tax does not penalize workers for earning more, so a consumption tax would stimulate the labor market as well as encourage saving and investment, according to this argument.
Replacing the current system with a consumption tax would place a heavy financial burden on poor Americans, however. Not only would the rate be well above what they pay in the existing system, but the poor also must dedicate more of their income to purchase daily necessities. More affluent taxpayers could avoid paying the tax by saving money.
The budget
According to his Web site, Johnson calls for a balanced federal budget, and as president, he would veto any appropriations by Congress that would require the government to borrow money.
Many economists argue that insisting on a balanced budget could have grave economic consequences. During economic recessions, the government takes in less in taxes as firms sell fewer products and workers lose their jobs. As a result, Johnson would be forced to reduce spending by the government during a recession in order to maintain a balanced budget. Doing so could require laying off public employees and canceling federal contracts, which would exacerbate the recession.
The environment
Johnson believes that the government has a legitimate purpose in protecting the environment from pollution. He would not abolish the Environmental Protection Agency, since he argues Americans cannot expect the courts alone to protect their shared ecological inheritance. "You don't have deep pockets to go up against Chevron," he told Weigel.
Johnson does not support policies to prevent or mitigate global warming, however, arguing that such measures are too costly.
Economists argue that the cost of policies to mitigate climate change depends on what, exactly, the policies are. Consider a tax on carbon dioxide emissions as an example. As the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office has explained, the economic effects of the tax could be countered by using the money raised to reduce other taxes.
Earlier this week Oracle announced that it's planning to build a brand-new cloud-computing campus in Austin, Texas, but since then a darker backstory has come to light.
Roughly 100 low-income families were hastily evicted this summer from an apartment complex on the land in order to make it available for the sale to Oracle, according to reports, and they're now seeking restitution.
Though some of the former tenants of Lakeview Apartments had leases through the end of the year, they were reportedly forced by owner Cypress Real Estate Advisors to move out early. Some have said their security deposits were not returned, and they have had no assistance as they've struggled to find comparably priced housing.
A group of former tenants reportedly gathered near the site of their one-time home Wednesday to protest and to appeal to Oracle for assistance.
Oracle declined to comment. Neither Cypress nor City of Austin officials responded to a request for comment.
Oracle plans to collaborate with local firms to design and build the new campus in a phased approach beginning with the construction of a 560,000-square-foot complex and parking development on the waterfront of Austin's Lady Bird Lake. As part of its effort to attract millennial talent, it will also buy an adjacent 295-unit apartment building for employee housing, it said.
The move will expand Oracle's Austin staff by more than 50 percent over the next few years, particularly in its Oracle Direct cloud sales organization.
As strong winds persisted in southeast Michigan, Ford's world headquarters felt Mother Nature's wrath when one of its large logos was ripped off of the building.
The Associated Press reports winds took down the sign sometime Wednesday night, March 1, and that the Dearborn-based automaker plans to restore the sign as soon as possible. No injuries were reported.
Wind gusts in the Detroit area reached levels as high as 50 mph Wednesday night, but did not strike down any of Ford's other large building logos.
This string of windy weather comes on the heels of a severe weather system tracking across the Midwest. While nowhere near Ford's Dearborn headquarters, three confirmed tornadoes touched down in Michigan Tuesday night.
MLive meteorologist Mark Torregrossa said the tornadoes touched down between 8:54 p.m. and 9:15 p.m. Tuesday. All three were rated by the National Weather Service as EF-1 tornadoes.
3 strange winter tornadoes confirmed in southern Michigan All of the tornadoes have been rated by the National Weather Service as EF-1 tornadoes.
The first touched down in Niles, the second near Dowagiac and the third in Vandalia.
"It is very strange for one tornado in February in Michigan. Three tornadoes touching down in February is incredible," Torregrossa reports.
File does not exist on this server Zippyshare.com News: Possible temporary availability interruptions
03 Jul 2018 16:13 [Warning] We need to change the firmware for our aggregation switch and replace all the top of rack switches. It can be bumpy ride today and tomorrow. *this message will self-destruct within a few ...
HTTPS/SSL activation
03 Apr 2018 20:48 Upload/Download has been moved to the https/ssl protocol. Everything should work stable now. Please report any encountered bugs. ...
Zippyuploader update, Docs and Videos encoding performance boost
03 Dec 2017 23:38 Hey folks, <strong>A quick update:</strong> - Today a new version (0.0.16.0) of the Zippyuploader was released. The only change is related to an increased file size limit of 500MB. If something ...
To upload a file just follow these simple steps: Benefits of using Zippyshare: 1) Select a file to send by clicking the "Browse" button. You can then select photos, audio, video, documents or anything else you want to send. The maximum file size is 500 MB.
2) Click the "Start Upload" button to start uploading the file. You will see the progress of the file transfer. Please don't close your browser window while uploading or it will cancel the upload.
3) After a succesfull upload you'll receive a unique link to the download site, which you can place anywhere: on your homepage, blog, forum or send it via IM or e-mail to your friends.
Zippyshare.com is completely free, reliable and popular way to store files online. We offer fast download speeds. The maximum filesize for a single file is 500 MB. The file can be downloaded at any time and as often as you need it. File Life: 30 days after no activity. No ridiculous queues! No limits! Report illegal files, please click here and send full link to us!
It will be the only bracket game you'll play ahead of that big tournament in Brazil. And if you run an office pool, it will be your best friend.
The Brazil Bracket Challenge presented by CapriSun is free and easy to play. Pick your top two finishers in each group and complete the rest of the bracket. Then share it with your friends, tweet it out or print it and flaunt it. And you have until 2 pm ET on June 12 -- the day of the inaugural match between hosts Brazil and Croatia -- to make tweaks before the bracket locks.
There are no official prizes, but if you finish tops in the nation or even in your own league, it'd sure be pretty cool to be known as an international soccer expert. Here's how you play:
BRACKETS LOCK AT 2:00 PM ET ON JUNE 12
HOW TO PLAY
Select the top two teams of each group before you predict the knock out round winners.
Sign in with your mlssoccer.com account. If you don't have an account, you can create your free account now. Select the two teams that will advance out of each group and then pick the winners or each knockout round match. Join or create leagues so you can play with friends, family, or fellow soccer fans. There are leagues for every MLS club - including the expansion clubs. Share your picks on Facebook, Twitter, or Google+.
POINTS
Group Stage — 5 points for each correct prediction within the group phrase. Points are earned if you correctly rank the team and that team makes it out of the group stage.
for each correct prediction within the group phrase. Points are earned if you correctly rank the team and that team makes it out of the group stage. Round of 16 — 10 points for each correct prediction.
for each correct prediction. Quarterfinals — 25 points for each correct prediction.
for each correct prediction. Semifinals — 50 points for each correct prediction.
for each correct prediction. Third place — 100 points for correctly predicting the winner of the 3rd-place match.
for correctly predicting the winner of the 3rd-place match. Final — 100 points for correctly predicting the winner of the final.
JOINING LEAGUES
Select the "Leagues" tab to create or join leagues.
To add your bracket to a league, select the green "Join" button. Select the red "Leave" button to withdraw your bracket from a league.
Official MLS club leagues and other special leagues are available within the "Official" tab.
CREATING LEAGUES
In a rampage loud enough to be heard by alarmed neighbors, an actor killed his mother with a three-foot sword early Tuesday in their apartment in Prospect Heights, Brooklyn, the police said.
Shortly after 1 a.m., the actor, Michael Brea, 31, asked his mother, Yannick Brea, 55, “if she believed in God,” said Greg Clare, who heard the commotion from his apartment directly below.
“I heard him ask if she believed in Jesus Christ,” Mr. Clare, 25, said. Mr. Brea then chanted for his mother “to repent,” Mr. Clare said.
“Help me,” was Ms. Brea's only response, he said.
When officers responded to the second-floor unit on Park Place near Classon Avenue that Ms. Brea shared with her son and his twin brother, Marcel, who was not home during the attack, Ms. Brea was dead. She was kneeling in the bathroom with numerous lacerations to her head, the police said.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Brea, who had barricaded himself in a bedroom, was holding the sword used in the killing, the police said. He was arrested and taken to Kings County Hospital for a psychological evaluation. He was charged later Tuesday with second-degree murder and criminal possession of a weapon.
PLEASE NOTE:
-No vending of any kind allowed at the venue or surrounding parking lots, streets or Sidewalks. The Old Mill District (including venue and surrounding streets) is private property.
-No chairs, blankets or strollers allowed inside the venue for this event.
-No camping
-No campfires
-No overnight parking
-No RVs, camping trailers or buses
-No tailgating
-Alcohol is not allowed in the parking lot at any time
-No smoking allowed inside the venue.
-No illegal Drugs
-No outside food or drink
-No pets
-No Hula Hoops, Frisbee or footballs
4 ticket limits per customer. Your name, credit card and address will be verified. Ticketfly and Monqui Presents reserve the right to cancel any orders in excess of the stated ticket limit. Orders placed for the sole purpose of resale are subject to cancellation without notice.
London police fanned out to Islamic sites around the city Monday in the wake of a massacre at a Quebec City mosque.
There was a police presence at city mosques, Islamic schools and a Muslim resource centre Monday morning, less than a day after Sunday night's shooting rampage at the Centre Culturel Islamique de Quebec mosque left six dead and 19 others injured.
“It's in moments like that that we increase our vigilance and stand guard over this community and watch over every single person within this community,” Deputy police Chief Daryl Longworth told a large crowd gathered outside the London Muslim Mosque.
Around 300 people descended on the Oxford Street mosque for a noon-hour rally denouncing the killings and celebrating the city's multi-faith acceptance.
Longworth cautioned that police alone can't stop attacks like the one in Quebec City.
“This is the responsibilty of every citizen in this community . . . to keep this community safe, to stay vigilant,” he said.
Imam Abd Alfatah Twakkal said heightened security precautions have been taken at the London Muslim Mosque following Sunday's shooting.
“We do have security systems in place, as well as we're working with the local authorities to help with this respect,” said Twakkal, adding he doesn't want to create an atmosphere of alarm.
“We encourage our congregation not to live in a state of fear . . . We understand that with the show of support and solidarity we're in good hands under the eyes of God,” he said.
Leaders from the Islamic, Christian and Jewish faiths addressed the crowd and led prayers at Monday's rally, which was organized overnight.
Motorists driving down Oxford Street honked to show their support as participants, some of them carrying signs, cheered and waved.
London Mayor Matt Brown also spoke at the gathering.
“A terrible, selfish, hateful thing happened in Quebec yesterday, but that doesn't define who we are. This is what defines who were are,” Brown said, praising the city's faith-based leaders for sending a message of tolerance to the world.
The rally ended with an impromptu singing of the national anthem before many from the crowd moved into the mosque to pray. Dozens of non-Muslims lined the perimeter of the mosque's prayer room to observe the Islamic ritual, performed five times a day.
Similar demonstrations were held Monday in communities across Canada, including one on Parliament Hill in Ottawa, as Quebec police announced only one of the two men they'd arrested remained in custody.
A vigil for the Quebec City shooting victims is being held Wednesday at Victoria Park in London. A Facebook page for the event already lists more than 500 people attending.
dcarruthers@postmedia.com
twitter.com/DaleatLFPress
IF YOU GO
What: Quebec City solidarity rally
When: 6 p.m. Wednesday
Where: Victoria Park, London
Want to know what the NBC News Embeds saw? Follow their daily journey to the inside of the 2016 presidential campaign here:
Kasich Gets Emotional on the Campaign Trail
RAYMOND, N.H. — At his town hall in a small VFW hall this afternoon, Ohio Gov. John Kasich appeared to choke up while answering a question on the government's role in caring for the disabled.
Kasich was speaking about work in his state to integrate people who are developmentally disabled into the workforce.
“There were a number of families who came with their -- some-adult -- children with disabilities. And they were crying, 'Somebody cares about my kid,'” Kasich recalled, and paused, choking up. "We have to care about their kids, don't we?” he continued, nodding, and then hugged the woman who asked the question.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Kasich Shows Emotion Over Disabled Kids on Campaign Trail 0:54 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"We have to care about their kids because they have a right to have a life just like we do.”
Kasich was responding to a woman who has made other appearances at New Hampshire town halls to ask candidates about filling out a candidate questionnaire on disability issues. It was Kasich's 94th town hall in New Hampshire, this one held inside of a smoky room as spectators sat around him in cushy chairs and others sat in the back at a bar.
It's not rare for Kasich to get emotional on the trail — He choked up in front of a small crowd in August when he got the endorsement of a local state senator and was talking about how much his rise in New Hampshire that month meant to him.
Kasich also got emotional last month while encouraging people to fight through addiction at a New Hampshire summit on substance abuse. And just last week, he told a New Hampshire town hall in Salem that he recently cried in his room while reflecting on where he came from amid all of the recent endorsements and support he's seen in the state.
-- Kailani Koenig covering the New Hampshire primary
Campaign Embeds or Ghost Hunters?
HANOVER, N.H. — Campaign embeds don't travel light.
When we show up at a restaurant at the end of the day, it's no small production. We drag in laptops and cameras to file stories and transmit footage while we eat -- and it usually comes with polite, yet befuddled glances from other patrons.
Tuesday night, after a long day of following Jeb Bush around the Granite State, the group of network embeds huddled in a booth of a Mexican restaurant on the edge of Dartmouth's campus where once again we attracted curiosity.
Normally, people guess that we're reporters and they just want to know what networks we represent and which candidate we're in town with -- but last night we heard a new one:
While we might not be ‘ghost hunters' today, the campaign doesn't last forever, so the future career suggestion was appreciated after a very long day.
-- Jordan Frasier covering the Bush campaign
Elon Musk: Tesla Is Not Breaking The Law
Electric carmaker Tesla has been hit with two lawsuits that question its right to sell cars directly to consumers and not through dealerships. Today Tesla co-founder Elon Musk explained why he thinks these lawsuits are absurd.
48 states prohibit or restrict factory ownership of dealerships, reports Automotive News. Dealers in Massachusetts and New York used those laws to sue Tesla and try to shut down its company-owned stores.
Musk says that Tesla is not violating laws because the company's "Product Specialists" who work at showrooms "could not sell you a car today under any circumstances." The Model S is on backorder and "there is no inventory on site."
Those showrooms are also unusual in that they are typically located in retail malls. Musk, admits that "many smart people have argued over the years" that Tesla should sell its cars the old fashioned way, through dealer franchises. But he believes that dealers have a conflict-of-interest in selling all-electric cars because most of their business still comes from selling gasoline cars.
"It is impossible for them to explain the advantages of going electric without simultaneously undermining their traditional business."
As for the lawsuits, it's clear Musk is ready to fight. He says the suits are "starkly contrary to the spirit and the letter of the law" and notes that one of the plaintiffs is a dealer that has "repeatedly demanded" it is allowed to sell Tesla cars.
"They will have considerable difficulty explaining to the court why Tesla opening a store in Boston is somehow contrary to the best interests of fair commerce or the public," Musk writes, adding "that these franchise laws do not even exist in the rest of the world, where almost three quarters of premium sedan sales take place."
Musk is nothing if not determined.
Don't miss: A Day In The Life Of Elon Musk, The Most Inspiring Entrepreneur In The World
Please follow Business Insider on Twitter and Facebook.
Join the conversation about this story »
Presumptive Democratic Presidential candidate Barack Obama wasted no time when he heard that New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg tooted his horn before a Jewish group in Boca Raton, Florida. Well, it wasn't exactly a real toot since all Bloomberg said was that Jewish voters should pay no heed to the relentless sneaky, viral email and rumor monger campaign that slams Obama as take your pick, a Muslim, an extremist, or a closet anti-Israel, Palestinian rights backer.
Obama profusely thanked Bloomberg for the vote of confidence. Bloomberg's vouch for Obama as a good Christian was timely for some worrisome reasons. Jewish voters make up a minuscule five percent of the American electorate. But the big majority is Democrats. A number are reliable donors and major fundraisers for the Democrats. But many have also been cautious if not downright cool toward Obama. Most backed Hillary Clinton in the Democratic primaries. Obama's tough talk on Israel, terrorism, Middle East turmoil, and Iran at the AIPAC confab in May didn't totally melt the ice among many Jewish voters. And John McCain knows that.
The instant Clinton threw in the towel, he, and his point man, Senator Joseph Lieberman, furiously courted top Jewish Hillary Democrats, and especially the campaign donors and fundraisers. McCain managed to coax a handful of leading Jewish Democratic fundraisers to defect to his campaign. Democratic strategists sloughed off the defections and confidently beamed that with Clinton on board the Obama wagon and a bevy of Jewish Democratic elected officials and leaders solidly backing him that will be more than enough to beat down any reservations Jewish voters may have about Obama and beat back any McCain overtures to Jewish Democrats. But will it?
Another reason for worry is former Nation of Islam leader Louis Farrakhan. He has played absolutely no role in Obama's campaign and Obama has on several occasions lambasted Farrakhan for his past anti-Semitic utterances. But Obama's former pastor Jeremiah Wright did speak favorably of Farrakhan and even honored Farrakhan at a church event. This could stir doubt among some Jewish voters about Obama. Any other time, Obama's denunciation of Farrakhan might be more than enough to settle the matter with most Jewish voters and make their jitters evaporate. But this is not any other time. Many Jewish voters are increasingly anxious about new dangers Iran, the Iraq quagmire, and the oil crisis pose to Israel's security. This renewed concern among many Jews about Israel was plainly evident in a March poll by the Israel Project. It showed record support for Israel. 71% of those surveyed said America should support Israel in contrast to only 8% that backed the Palestinians. That was a huge jump from 2002 when far fewer said that America should support Israel.
The question for many Jewish voters is not whether Obama is wobbly on Israel's defense. He isn't, and even the slightest hint that he is would make his candidacy DOA with many Jewish voters. The question though is he too inexperienced, prone to compromise on foreign policy issues, and too liberal politically to be as firm, preferably firmer, than McCain on Israel's security. This is the X Factor for many Jewish voters. This by no means translates out to any mass stampede of Jewish Democrats, even many fundraisers, away from Obama to McCain. The majority of Jewish Democrats will still vote for him.
However, it's not the percentage of Jewish voters that will vote for him. It's how many Jewish voters show up to vote for him, or worse how many will cross over and vote for McCain. A lackluster turnout of Jewish Democrats would hurt Obama badly. And even a low double digit defection of Jewish Democrats to McCain in the absolute must win swing states of Florida and Pennsylvania would spell disaster or worse for Obama. The weakness and danger is real. A May Gallup Poll found that while Obama got the majority of Jewish votes he still did far worse poll wise than John Kerry did in the 2004 presidential election among Jewish voters. And, of course, he got far fewer Jewish votes than Clinton in the primaries.
Bush got only 25 percent of the Jewish vote in the 2004 election. But that was just enough in Florida and other states to help secure his win over Kerry.
Bloomberg's timely intervention to help squelch false and malicious rumors about Obama's faith will undoubtedly carry some weight with many Jewish voters. But they are the ones who would likely vote for Obama anyway. Democrats worry that there may be many Jewish voters who won't go along. That possibility is just enough to cause Obama jitters.
A group of Students Federation of India (SFI) members allegedly thrashed two Dalit and three OBC students on University of Hyderabad (UoH) campus on Saturday. The five were attacked around 1 am following an argument between the SFI members and MA student Karthik Mulkala. K Jaswanth Simone, an M Phil student who had earlier written an article explaining why Dalit PhD scholar Rohith Vemula had left Marxists, was beaten when he tried to rescue Mulkala. He was taken to a hospital and later discharged. The other students assaulted were identified as Kranthi Madiga, Chandan Kumar Mishra, Zakir, Ditty Suresh and a guest of Mulkala.
Advertising
Mulkala said that the trouble started after SFI students asked Chandan Kumar Mishra, an MPhil student, for a match box. “When he said he did not have one, they asked him to fetch one which he refused to do so,'' said Mulkala, a close friend of Vemula, who committed suicide in January 2016. “Meanwhile, one SFI member picked up an argument with me over our political views after which we were surrounded and they started beating us.'' He added that friends who came to their rescue them were beaten up.
Mulkala blamed caste prejudices for the “unprovoked attack'', saying that they were attacked for their political views as they belong to Dalit and OBC communities. He added that their attackers belong to forward castes. “This does not happen with ABVP or NSUI members. They beat up students from backward castes especially if they have their own political views and are critical of SFI.''
Mulkala said that they are politically unaffiliated. “We are not Ambedkarites or members of Ambedkar Students Association. So why this brutal attack on us?'' he asked. He identified his attackers as Atul Swapna Prakash, Varun Sudharan, Siddharth Majula Suresh and Sunny. The five would lodge a police complaint if the university administration does not take any action.
As of Tuesday you can smoke a joint in Juneau, fire up in Fairbanks, or get blazed on the Bering Strait without running afoul of the law.
But that doesn't mean you can have a doobie in Denali or meet Mary Jane up on Mount McKinley — because there's also a new smoking ban in effect in public places, such as state and national parks.
Alaska's status as the third state to make marijuana legal for all adults was sealed last November, when 52% of voters decided to back legalization. That ballot initiative required pot to be legal 90 days after the results were certified — in other words, Feb. 24.
See also: High There is a dating app for pot smokers
Colorado and Washington state were the first to legalize in 2013, thanks to successful ballot initiatives in 2012. Oregon also voted to legalize marijuana on its November 2014 ballot, but that won't kick in until July 1.
Alaska's relationship with weed has been a complicated one. The Last Frontier likes to see itself as a libertarian paradise, with a cherished right to privacy that has long been deemed to include pot consumption; indeed, the state Supreme Court decriminalized weed smoking in the home in 1975. Alaska voted for medical marijuana in 1998, only a few years after California started the trend.
But Alaska lawmakers criminalized pot possession after both of those cases, leaving the state's stoners in a strange legal limbo.
The 2014 ballot initiative, which asked voters to let marijuana be regulated like alcohol, sorted out that confusion. But it also introduced a new round of confusion: namely, what the public smoking ban means — "in public" is a very general phrase that isn't elaborated on — and how to enforce it.
See also: The young entrepreneurs modeling their weed farm like a startup
Up near the North Pole, law enforcement is pretty chill: you're good to toke up outside on private property. But in Anchorage, where nearly half the state's population lives, local police have warned folks not to smoke outside on their property if it borders a park.
And then there's the whole sticky question of how to buy the stuff. Technically, pot shops won't be allowed in Alaska until May 2016, according to the new law. How do you get it before then? Either get some green thumbs (the law allows six plants per person) or find a bud with some (the law allows you to give pot away without penalty).
None of that will stop Charlo Green, the former TV reporter whose dramatic on-air resignation — "fuck it, I quit" — went viral before the election last year.
Green revealed herself as the owner of the Alaska Cannabis Club during that infamous report, the last of many she'd done on the battle for marijuana legalization.
That store is planning a "grand opening" in Anchorage on Tuesday, where Green says she'll give away weed to medical marijuana patients and "other members." She also says she's planning a celebratory toke at 4:20 p.m.
Let's just hope she's nowhere near a public space at the time.
The legislative session may be over, but state Rep. Cecil Bell Jr. isn't abandoning his crusade against gay marriage.
The Magnolia Republican did not — as he had teased — launch a bid for speaker of the Texas House on Monday. Instead, his much-hyped "major announcement" was a call for state and federal officials to resist "the rancid behavior" of the U.S. Supreme Court by impeaching justices who voted to legalize same-sex marriage, and ignoring the ruling itself.
Bell hinted last week he would address a potential speaker bid in his announcement, saying it “would be an interesting conversation on Monday.” Speaker Joe Straus, a San Antonio Republican, filed in June seeking a fifth term for the office; he is currently unopposed.
“That's not the conversation for this day,” Bell said when asked on Monday about his possible candidacy.
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.
At a press conference in Magnolia, Bell released his “PACT for the Constitutional Restoration of State Sovereignty,” essentially a manifesto listing broad ways for citizens and state and federal officials to come together and defy the Supreme Court ruling. Citizens should pressure elected officials to stop enforcing the ruling, and Congress should take action to impeach the five justices who voted to end state bans on gay marriage, Bell said.
“Our governors should join together in rejecting the striking down of state sovereignty,” Bell said in the announcement, “and should form a coalition standing between an overreaching federal government and the citizens of the separate states.”
The announcement is the latest step in Bell's fight against the legalization of same-sex marriage. In the last legislative session, he authored a handful of bills that would prevent gay couples from marrying, including one that would pull the salaries of local and state officials who issued same-sex marriage licenses.
One bill, which would forbid the use of public funds to issue same-sex marriage licenses, had enough co-sponsors to guarantee it would pass if it reached the House floor. But Democrats prolonged debate to run out the clock, and the bill wasn't heard before the deadline.
Naming Bell one of the "GOP rebel rousers," the Texas Democratic Party responded Monday by calling the "mean-spirited Tea Party base" out of touch with Texas values.
"If they want to ignore the Constitution, so be it," party spokesman Javier Gamboa said. "However, they took an oath to protect and defend the Constitution. If they don't want to, we urge them to seek another job."
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.
Bell's initiative didn't include any specific actions for how state officials should resist court rulings, saying that would be determined by state agencies.
State Attorney General Ken Paxton issued a written opinion last month saying county clerks with religious objections can refuse to issue same-sex marriage licenses, but they should be prepared to face lawsuits or fines.
States resisting Supreme Court rulings — and even the impeachment of justices — have precedent in U.S. history, Bell said, noting Justice Samuel Chase, who was impeached in 1804 because some in the U.S. House of Representatives felt his political views were influencing his decisions. He was acquitted by the Senate the following year.
Arnold Schwarzenegger called it “a shitty film” on one occasion. Michael Biehn was unsure about coming on board because he thought the film sounded silly. James Cameron's agent called his idea stupid, and Orion Pictures, the distributor, had little to no faith in the film's commercial and critical success. And yet, Cameron insisted on going all the way with the project born as a vision that came to him in a fever-ridden dream. As they say, the rest is history. Starting from an idea immediately labeled as implausible, silly and that was unlikely to be done properly with the technology at disposal, Terminator turned into a science fiction and horror giant, launching director James Cameron's career into the orbit, transforming Schwarzenegger into a deeply desired commodity, telling a story that would not only spawn a series of sequels, but ultimately change the way we observed the genre. Since 1984, the chronology of science fiction action films was defined as either before or after Terminator. Endlessly entertaining, featuring a compelling story embellished by surprisingly competent acting performances, shocking special effects, terrific on-screen carnage and practically non-stop thrill-enticing imagery, Cameron's film is a true classic, as powerful and influential as films can get. Brad Fiedel's musical score certainly helped, as the legendary theme music is still celebrated as one of the most famous pieces of film music ever composed, and Schwarzenegger probably found the ideal role for himself—he says only 18 lines in the course of the film, brilliantly nailing the terrifying strong silent type figure he was assigned to bring life to. Cameron wrote the screenplay, slightly assisted by the film's producer Gale Anne Hurd, and did it in a way that every single detail of the plot that might have sounded a bit far-fetched somehow seemed natural, believable and exhilaratingly convincing. From our experience, seeing Terminator for the first time is like having your eyes opened and mind blown after years of blind boredom. One of a kind.
A monumentally important screenplay. Dear every screenwriter/filmmaker, read James Cameron's screenplay for The Terminator [PDF]. (NOTE: For educational and research purposes only). The DVD/Blu-ray of the film is available at Amazon and other online retailers. Absolutely our highest recommendation.
From the idea to the outline to the beat sheet to the synopsis to the full-blown fleshed-out treatment, you've got to get your story clear in your head before the actual writing begins. Prematurely cranking out pages without first tending to the heavy lifting is an ideal way to eventually find yourself buried in copious amounts of pain, rewriting, and wasted time. But with a solid treatment, the actual crafting of your novel or screenplay should theoretically be a joy. While the core idea behind the The Terminator (1984) is surprisingly simple, it's also mind-numbingly huge. The story's resulting plot is therefore relatively complicated with lots of critical details about its world, so tightening everything up into a comprehensive summary was not a job for the unskilled. James Cameron's legendary 17,000-word treatment of the piece is regarded as something of a clinic among writers of high-concept fiction. Read, enjoy, learn. —Jace Daniel
A must-read for every aspiring screenwriter/filmmaker: James Cameron's legendary 17,000-word treatment for The Terminator [PDF].
James Cameron—How to direct a Terminator, Starlog #89, December, 1984.
While writing his 1984 breakout film Terminator, James Cameron lived on McDonald's, diner coffee and the money he made painting one-sheets for bad direct-to-video movies. The director, who would go on to helm the highest-grossing movie of all time, Avatar, expressed a surprising fondness for that early, “zero billion dollar” stage of his career while speaking at the fifth annual Hero Complex Film Festival recently [video].
It was actually easy to write because I didn't have to self-isolate like I do now, from multi-tasking with other businesses, and with a family with five kids. I was already isolated… basically just a sad, dark, isolated human being. There was an innocence to it in a funny way. I was the anonymous, kind of angry wannabe filmmaker. There's some courage that comes from that, you say whatever comes into your head. It gets harder and harder to do that as you go along and you get encumbered by expectation and business relationships and all of that sort of stuff. I was kind of like a free voice in the wilderness in that stage. Most people hate that period of their life when they're just trying to break in as an artist, and then you spend the rest of your career wishing you were back in that situation. —James Cameron recalls his ‘angry wannabe filmmaker' phase
Art and drawings, including storyboards, from the first ever Terminator movie, collected on the one and only true Terminator fansite.
Why is Harlan Ellison's name on the end credits of The Terminator? Find out in this video.
On the set of James Cameron's Terminator. Production still photographer: Joyce Rudolph © Hemdale, Pacific Western, Orion Pictures.
Get Cinephilia & Beyond in your inbox by signing in
Email
New export controls will further limit the ability of states already facing severe shortages of sedatives used to kill prisoners
The European Commission has imposed tough new restrictions on the export of anaesthetics used to execute people in the US, in a move that will exacerbate the already extreme shortage of the drugs in many of the 34 states that still practice the death penalty.
The EC has added eight barbiturates to its list of restricted products that are tightly controlled on the grounds that they may be used for "capital punishment, torture or other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment". The eight include pentobarbital and sodium thiopental – the two drugs on which almost all American executions currently depend.
The EC said its move, which follows restrictions introduced unilaterally by the UK in November 2010, was designed to forward the European Union's stated mission to abolish the death penalty around the world. "The decision today contributes to the wider EU efforts to abolish the death penalty worldwide," said the commission's vice president, Catherine Ashton.
The new regulations were welcomed by the UK's business secretary Vince Cable, who pioneered Britain's export controls. "We have led the way by introducing national controls on the export to the United States of certain drugs, which could be used for the purpose of lethal injection. However we have always stated our clear preference for action at EU level and I am pleased that, following our initiative, these steps are now being taken."
Cable added that the new measure would ensure that the UK controls and others like it imposed by individual member states could not be circumvented by the movement of drugs around the EU.
Maya Foa, a lethal injection expert with the human rights group Reprieve who has led the campaign for greater controls on drugs used in US executions, said that the new regulations would be of huge importance both symbolically and practically. "This is going to force the states that still practice the death penalty to reconsider their protocols, and anything that gets them to think carefully about what they are doing has to be a good thing."
Lethal injection has become in recent years the overwhelming method of judicial killings, with very rare exceptions such as Utah, which carried out an execution by firing squad in June 2010. Some states use a triple injection comprising a barbiturate to put the prisoner to sleep followed by other drugs to paralyze the body and then stop the heart.
Other states use a massive dose of barbiturate alone – but in either case sodium thiopental or pentobarbiatal are essential to the process.
In 2009 the only American manufacturer of sodium thiopental, the Illinois-based Hospira, suspended production because it was suffering commercially as a result of having its drug connected to executions. Then this summer, a Danish manufacturer of pentobarbital, Lundbeck, blocked the sale of its product trademarked Nembutal to any penal institution in the US.
Many states still have stocks of the two sedatives, but many are running low or passing their expiry date, leading to ever more desperate measures.
In March Georgia had its last supplies of sodium thiopental siezed by federal agents acting on information that the state had imported the substance from the UK before the British restrictions had been imposed, but without a proper licence.
That did not stop Georgia, however, from executing Troy Davis in September having switched to pentobarbital.
Earlier this year the Obama administration made a direct appeal to Germany asking for supplies of the anaesthetics, only to be roundly rebuffed by the German vice chancellor Philipp Rosler. "I noted the request and declined," Rosler told Der Spiegel.
Reprieve hopes the European move will be just the start of an ever-tightening grip on medical drugs reaching US penitentiaries. Though the new restricted list covers the only two drugs currently used in American death penalties, the fear is that intrepid states will find a way round the controls by using other sedatives not on the list.
"We need to see a broad, catch-all provision to prevent any drugs from being used in capital punishment in order to ensure Europe is never again complicit in the death penalty," Reprieve's director, Clare Algar, said.
The EC, mindful of the possibility that states may try to circumvent the new regulations, says that it has the power to add other drugs to the list at will. It is also going to carry out a full review next year to see whether the controls on drugs used by US death row prisons are fool-proof.
I recently taught a Bible class at our local Christian school. I was assigned the topic, "Can the Bible Be Trusted?" I prepared well—a skillful blending, I thought, of watertight arguments, personal anecdotes, and historical underpinnings. I gave a whirlwind history of the development of the canon. I toted out comparative stats on existing copies of ancient documents. I addressed the old vexing problem of the mystery cults and their relationship to Christianity. I told those students how the Bible was a wise and trusted guide in my own life. I gave examples. I delivered it all with what I thought was conviction and verve.
It was a flop. The students could barely stay awake.
I might have guessed the outcome from the get-go. I started with a question: "If anyone asked you why you trust the Bible, what would you tell them?"
It left them dumbfounded.
As I was leaving, a young man who had seemed especially bored in the class approached me in the hall.
"Thanks for coming," he said, surprising me. I asked him if I'd helped him answer the question, Why do you trust the Bible?
"No."
"Well," I said, "do you trust the Bible?"
"No."
"Why not?"
"Hosea 13:16," he said.
"Remind me," I said.
With icy precision he quoted: "The people of Samaria must bear their guilt, because they have rebelled against their God. They will fall by the sword; their little ones will be dashed to the ground, their pregnant women ripped open."
Now it was my turn to be dumbfounded.
John Milton opens Paradise Lost claiming to "justify the ways of God to man." It's questionable whether he succeeds. It's ...
1
A Malaysia Airlines plane with 298 people on board has crashed near the village of Hrabove, about 30 miles from Ukraine's eastern border with Russia. The flight, which originated in Amsterdam, was bound for Kuala Lumpur.
Malaysia Airlines had initially reported there were 295 people on board the flight, but upped the estimate to 298, which includes three infants, according to The Washington Post.
In a speech today, President Obama called the crash a “terrible tragedy'' and said the United States would provide “any assistance we can'' to Ukrainian officials. In a phone call to Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko, Vice President Biden repeated the offer. According to ABC News, pro-Russia rebels, not Ukraine, are in control of the crash site.
Advertisement
The United Kingdom has called for an emergency meeting of the United Nations Security Council over the plane's crash, according to ABC News.
According to multiplereports, U.S. intelligence has confirmed that a surface-to-air missile was fired at the plane, but are not sure who actually fired it. No one is claiming responsibility. Ukraine provided the Associated Press with recordings of what it claimed were phone calls between rebels and a Russian military intelligence officer in which shooting down an airplane was discussed. Both Ukrainian forces and the pro-Russia rebels who have taken over the Donetsk region where the crash occurred have denied responsibility.
Ukrainian president Petro Poroshenko told Reuters he believes the plane was “brought down'' and that it was a “terrorist act.''
Anton Gerashenko, an advisor to Ukraine's Interior Minister, said on his Facebook page that the plane was flying at 10,000 meters (about 33,000 feet) when it was shot down by a Buk missile.
A partial flight manifest released by Malaysia Airlines said 189 of the passengers were Dutch, 27 were Australian, 12 were Indonesian (including one infant), nine were from the UK, four were German and four Belgian, three from the Philippines, one from New Zealand, and one Canadian. There were also 44 Malayians on board, including 15 crew members and two infants. Malaysia Airlines did not know the nationalities of the remaining four passengers.
Advertisement
One Associated Press journalist reported seeing a Buk missile system — capable of hitting the altitude at which the plane was believed to be flying — in a Ukrainian town held by pro-Russia forces. Earlier today, Ukraine's Security Council said one of its fighter jets was shot down by an air-to-air missile from a Russian plane. In a statement on the Kremlin's website, Russian President Vladimir Putin said (in remark translated by BuzzFeed) that the crash was a “terrible tragedy'' but that Ukraine was responsible because the crash occurred in its airspace.
The FAA banned U.S. flights over parts of the region back in April, though Timereports that the plane was not in banned airspace at the time it went down. Several airlines, including Delta, KLM, British Airways, and Lufthansa, announced that they would avoid Ukrainian airspace after the crash.
According to the Associated Press:
Anton Gerashenko, an adviser to Ukraine's Interior Minister, said on his Facebook page the plane was flying at an altitude of 10,000 meters (33,000 feet) when it was hit by a missile fired from a Buk launcher.
CBS This Morning tweeted that there are reports of “hundreds of bodies, body parts found at Malaysia Airlines crash site & miles away from site.'' A New York Times reporter said “many of the victims were still in their seat belts and attached to pieces of the plane. One man, still in his socks, but without pants, lay akimbo on the field, his right arm placed on his stomach, as if in repose. A young man in blue shorts, wearing red Nike sneakers, lay with his arms and legs splayed outward, clutching his iPhone.''
The Associated Press reported that President Obama asked advisers to keep him updated on the situation in Ukraine.
White House press secretary Josh Earnest told reporters Thursday that Obama spoke to Putin before leaving on a trip to Delaware and New York. But Earnest could not say whether it was before or after Obama was aware of reports that the plane was shot down.
Advertisement
Putin released a statement on the Kremlin's website. It reads, per Guardian's translation:
Vladimir Putin has expressed his deepest condolences to Prime Minister Najib Razak of Malaysia with regard to the accident in Ukrainian territory of a Malaysian Airlines passenger aircraft, resulting in numerous casualties. The Russian head of state asked him to convey his sincerest words of sympathy and support to families and friends of the victims.
Via the Associated Press, a video showing the crash itself has emerged:
Ukrainian activists also published a video they say shows the plane's wreckage.
Another video of the plane crash appears to show parts of the plane falling to the ground:
Malaysia Prime Minister Mohd Najib Tun Razak said on Twitter that he was “shocked by reports that an MH plane crashed. We are launching an immediate investigation.''
The map below shows what is believed to be the plane's flight path.
The plane was a Boeing 777 with 43,000 hours of flight time, according to the Associated Press.
Last March, another Malaysia Airlines plane went down somewhere in the southern Indian Ocean. It has not been found.
We will have more information on this developing story as it becomes available.
Hearts are prepared to let Brad McKay, Jason Holt and Scott Robinson leave before the summer, with McKay already in talks about a pre-contract move to St Johnstone.
The Edinburgh club will not stand in the way of players eager to play every week and cannot guarantee the above trio regular game time. McKay is out of contract at the end of the season and feels he needs to move to become a first-choice centre-back. He is hopeful of concluding a transfer to McDiarmid Park on a pre-contract agreement, meaning he would see the season out at Tynecastle before heading for Perth.
He joined Hearts from Edinburgh City aged 17 and managed 32 first-team appearances last year as the club were relegated from the Scottish Premiership. This season he finds himself behind Alim Ozturk and Danny Wilson for a place in central defence. He is frustrated by the lack of matches after making just nine senior appearances and is discussing a move with St Johnstone officials.
Holt is interesting Dundee United after a similarly frustrating campaign spent mostly on the substitutes' bench. The midfielder's contract also expires in a few months and he has interest from Scottish and English clubs to consider before deciding where his future lies. United manager Jackie McNamara may move for him before the end of the January transfer window.
Robinson is being monitored by Kilmarnock, Falkirk and clubs in America after falling completely out of the picture at Tynecastle. He has played only eight times at first-team level this season and did not even make the bench for the last two fixtures - the win at Dumbarton and last Friday's abandoned game against Rangers at Ibrox.
Robbie Neilson, the Hearts head coach, admitted McKay, Holt and Robinson will not feature as often as they want at Tynecastle and said he has no qualms with them looking to move on. “These are guys who want to play every week and they aren't playing every week here. It's a decision they need to make, whether they want to stay or whether they want to move on somewhere else and play,” Neilson told the Evening News.
“These boys are good players but they want to play football every week. I speak to them all the time. In Holt's case, it's been going on for a while. He wants to play every week and he's not going to. I think he wants to go and play somewhere week in and week out.
“I'd like to keep a hold of him but I'm not going to stand in somebody's way who wants to play every Saturday when they aren't doing that here. There will be interested in him and it's the same with Robinson.
“Brad is similar. He played a lot of games last year but's not played a lot this year. It's a difficult decision for players. Do they stay with us and play ten to 15 games a season or do they go somewhere else and play 35 games a season? That's a decision that really the player needs to make.”
Meanwhile, Hearts owner Ann Budge wants answers from the authorities after her club's supporters were attacked leaving Ibrox Stadium on Friday night. Rival fans clashed inside and outside the ground following the abandonment, with Hearts supporters' buses being hit by stones and bricks.
“We've had lots of things being checked and double-checked,” said Budge. “Clearly there are some questions that we need to ask. Whether it is Hearts fans or any other fans, if you see that sort of thing happening then you need to be asking questions. We have to find out the facts as best we can and take it from there.”
Pin 0 Shares
(ANTIMEDIA) Durango, CO — A family in Durango, Colorado, is hoping for justice after police fatally shot their family dog, Dozer, at their home in October. Neil Anderson and Kerry Doyle, along with Doyle's children, are seeking compensatory and punitive damages against three state troopers — Gablin Watkins, Randy Talbot, and Josiah Fuller, as well as the Colorado State Patrol.
A lawsuit filed last Monday in the U.S. District Court in Denver alleges that state troopers unlawfully entered the property of Neil Anderson and Kerry Doyle and negligently discharged a weapon just 50 feet from and in the direction of the family, killing Dozer. The suit cites Fourth and Fourteenth Amendment rights violations.
On October 11, 2017, state troopers Watkins, Talbot, and Fuller investigated a car crash involving Doyle's son, Porter Williams. After running the registration, the vehicle came up as belonging to Williams' father, who lives on the same road as Doyle and Anderson. When the officers were unable to enter the locked gate at Williams' father's home, one of the troopers recalled seeing a piece of paper inside Porter Williams' vehicle at the tow yard with what he thought had the gate's entry code written on it.
Kristina Bergsten, Anderson and Doyle's attorney, alleges that at no time did the troopers “place an administrative or police hold on the Jeep at the tow yard in order to make contact with the driver of the involved Jeep,” Porter Williams.
Rather, the troopers left for the tow yard and returned to the house the next day. Porter's father met with the troopers on his property down the road and, before taking them to the correct property, twice told the troopers to call before going back to Anderson and Doyle's residence so they could put Dozer away.
Trooper Watkins forbade Williams' father from calling because he did not want Williams to “run” or “hide” even though Anderson, Doyle, and Bergsten claim that “there was no basis for such a claim.”
The three state troopers and Williams' father walked down the driveway towards Anderson and Doyle's house, where the children were skating outside. Moving past a lower locked gate at the beginning of the property marked “No Trespassing,” as well as a second locked gate near the home marked “Beware of Dog,” the troopers walked towards the house.
It is not clear in the lawsuit whether the troopers used the gate code found in Porter Williams' vehicle, or if Williams' father led them past the gate.
Dozer, their six-year-old Staffordshire bull terrier laying watching the children skate, got up from under the tree next to the family's skate ramp and moved toward the troopers, who were approaching the house.
Bergsten told Anti-Media in a phone call that the trooper's report indicated Dozer “trotted towards” the troopers.
Noticing that Watkins was reaching for his gun, Anderson yelled out to the officers “No, that's my- Hey, hey, hey! No, no, no! No, don't!” Fuller also drew his firearm, moving laterally from behind Watkins to get a shot. Talbot initially reached for his gun but decided to pull his taser, repeatedly shouting “Taser!” at the others.
Even as the three state troopers ran around the driveway, juking and spinning from the dog, Anderson and Doyle allege that “at no time did Dozer act in an aggressive manner.”
State trooper Watkins shot three times towards Dozer, hitting Dozer twice and sending one bullet towards the ground in the direction of the children at the skate ramp.
After he was shot, Dozer let out a cry, turned around, and ran to hide under the wooden ramp where Doyle's kids stood in horror. Bleeding from his mouth due to the two gunshot wounds, Dozer laid down as Doyle attempted to apply pressure and save the dog.
Initially, Dozer survived, but Anderson and Doyle had to have him euthanized three weeks later.
The court date and amount of damages the family is seeking are to be determined. According to Colorado State Patrol Captain Adrian Driscoll, Watkins remains on active duty. Police have otherwise declined to comment on the case until it is resolved.
Creative Commons / Anti-Media / Report a typo
Pin 0 Shares
A Ukrainian serviceman patrols on the outskirts of the village of Pavlopil, in the Donetsk region (AFP Photo/Aleksey Filippov)
Minsk (AFP) - Ukraine and pro-Russian rebels agreed a new truce deal Wednesday that goes into immediate effect and replaces one broken just hours after its signature at the end of last month.
The latest ceasefire was negotiated between Moscow and Kiev envoys in the Belarussian capital Minsk with the help of a senior negotiator from the Organisation for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE).
Both Ukrainian and OSCE officials said the latest initiative was pushed forward by Boris Gryzlov -- a former Russian parliamentary speaker whom President Vladimir Putin handpicked as his personal envoy to the negotiations earlier this month.
Gryzlov is seen as both a close ally and confident of Putin who brings a much greater degree of credibility to truce talks that had been conducted by much lower ranking and less known Russian officials in the past year.
Ukrainian media cited sources as saying that Gryzlov had conducted a rare private meeting with Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko in Kiev before heading off to Minsk.
"Russian representative Boris Gryzlov proposed making another attempt at reaching a ceasefire," Russian news agencies quoted OSCE negotiator Martin Sajdik as saying in Minsk.
"This proposal was supported by all of the meeting's participants," Sajdik was further quoted as saying.
There was no immediate comment from Gryzlov himself or the representatives of Ukraine's separatist Lugansk and Donetsk regions.
A spokeswoman for Poroshenko's peace negotiator said the new truce would go into immediate effect in honour of the "Old New Year" holiday that is celebrated Wednesday in ex-Soviet republics according to the Julian calendar.
"Ukraine stresses that without a ceasefire, there can be no de-mining or a proper solution to outstanding political, humanitarian and economic issues," Ukrainian spokeswoman Darka Olifer wrote on Facebook.
"That is why Ukraine supports the latest initiative of Russian representative Boris Gryzlov."
Kiev's pro-Western leaders and the insurgents are fighting over an industrial region the approximate size of Wales that is home to about 3.5 million people and the centre of the splintered former Soviet nation's coal and steel wealth.
Russia firmly denies allegations of orchestrating and backing the war in order to keep some leverage over Ukraine in the wake of its decision to establish closer trade and political relations with the European Union.
The previous "New Year and Christmas" truce was struck on December 22. It was broken the following morning and yet again failed to bring an end to a 20-month conflict that has now claimed more than 9,000 lives.
Three Ukrainian soldiers and two rebel fighters have been reported killed since the start of the year.
- Prisoner swap -
The OSCE's Sajdik said that the sides had agreed to meet again in Minsk next week in order to assess the degree to which Wednesday's call for all sides to lay down their arms was being observed.
He added that Ukraine and insurgency leaders had declared their intention to release a combined total of more than 50 prisoners of war as soon as all the technicalities had been resolved.
"The sides have agreed to provide more details about this no later than next week."
Poroshenko has repeatedly vowed to immediately return home hundreds of soldiers captured by rebel forces across the shattered war zone.
The issue is one of many that has kept the foes from agreeing the terms of a final solution to one of Europe's deadliest conflicts since the Balkans wars of the 1990s.
Enos Slaughter's famous dash to home plate won the 1946 World Series for the Enos Slaughter's famous dash to home plate won the 1946 World Series for the Cardinals in the first of three Fall Classics against the Red Sox . (AP)
The St. Louis Cardinals and Boston Red Sox will meet in the World Series this year for the fourth time in their long histories. That puts this matchup in a tie with A's-Giants and Tigers-Cubs for the most common World Series pairing not featuring the Yankees. Of the seven World Series matchups that have happened four or more times, Cardinals-Red Sox is the only one to have occurred this century, having taken place in both 2004 and now 2013.
Thus far, these Boston-St. Louis matchups have been more central to the history of the Red Sox, as they have now clashed with the Cardinals after four of their last seven pennants. Those include the Sox' only two World Series appearances between 1919 and 1974 and, of course, the Fall Classic in which they finally broke their 86-year championship drought in 2004.
Here is a closer look back at the first three times these two teams met in the World Series:
1946: Cardinals 4, Red Sox 3
Led by a 27-year-old Ted Williams in his first year back from World War II, the 1946 Red Sox snapped a 27-year pennant drought that remains the longest in franchise history. The Cardinals, meanwhile, swept the Dodgers in a best-of-three tiebreaker playoff to reach the World Series for the fourth time in the last five years. The only exception was 1945, Hall of Famer Stan Musial's lone season in the service.
With Williams and Musial, the top two hitters of the era and their respective league's MVP winners that season, leading the way, Boston and St. Louis boasted the top two offenses in the majors. Despite that, the Series started out as a low-scoring affair. Trailing 2-1 and down to their last out in the top of the ninth in Game 1, the Red Sox tied the score on single by rightfielder Tom McBride, then picked up the eventual winning run on a two-out solo homer by first baseman Rudy York in the top of the 10th.
The two teams alternated shutouts the next two games, with St. Louis lefty Harry "The Cat" Brecheen doing the honors in Game 2, and Boston's Boo Ferriss returning serve in Game 3. That game is best remembered for Williams bunting for a hit against the so-called Williams Shift that the Cardinals employed to slow him down (a version of which is far more common today against lefty sluggers like Boston's current home run hero, David Ortiz). The strategy worked, as Teddy Ballgame was limited to just five hits, all singles, in the Series.
The scoring picked up from there, with the Cards breaking out for 12 runs on a then-record-tying 20 hits in Game 4 and the Sox answering with a 6-3 win in Game 5. St. Louis stayed alive behind another complete game by Brecheen in Game 6, pushing the Series to the limit.
The Red Sox took an early lead on the very first out of Game 7, a sacrifice fly by centerfielder Dom DiMaggio. The Cardinals tied it up in the bottom of the second, and the score remained knotted until the bottom of the fifth, when St. Louis broke through for two more tallies. The Cardinals were four outs from the championship in the bottom of the eighth when Brecheen, on in relief after just one day of rest following his complete game in Game 6, gave up a double to DiMaggio that plated two inherited runners, tying the score at 3-3.
The tie was short-lived. Future Hall of Famer Enos Slaughter led off the bottom of the eighth for St. Louis with a single. After two outs, one a bunt attempt that was popped up, leftfielder Harry "The Hat" Walker lined a hit into the leftfield gap. Leon Culberson, who had pinch-run for DiMaggio in the top of the inning, cut the ball off, but Slaughter was running with the pitch and came all the way around to score what would prove to be the Series-winning run. Slaughter was often credited with racing around from first on a single, but Walker's hit was in fact scored a double. Red Sox shortstop Johnny Pesky, who took the relay from Culberson, would subsequently be accused of hesitating on his throw home. Yet rather than blame Pesky, history should (and outside of New England largely has) credited Slaughter for forcing the action.
The Red Sox got the tying run to third base in the top of the ninth, but Brecheen got a foul-pop and a fielder's choice to close it out. Brecheen finished with a 0.45 ERA over 20 innings in the Series, a performance worthy of the World Series MVP award had it at the time. It was St. Louis' third championship in five years, to go along with its triumphs in 1942 and '44.
[mlbvideo id="19994283" width="600" height="360" /]
1967: Cardinals 4, Red Sox 3
The relative positions of the Cardinals and Red Sox entering their next World Series confrontation resembled their standing heading into their first. For Boston, this was its fist World Series since 1946. After consecutive ninth-place (or next-to-last) finishes in 1965 and 1966, a pennant-winning season seemed so unlikely that the team's 1967 campaign was dubbed "The Impossible Dream," after the song from the 1965 Broadway hit Man of La Mancha.
Under rookie manager Dick Williams, the Red Sox made that dream a reality by beating the Twins in the final two games of the regular season to emerge from a four-team scrum and win the American League pennant by one game. As in 1946, Boston boasted the majors' most potent offense led by the league's Most Valuable Player. This time it was Williams' successor in leftfield, Carl Yastrzemski, whose Triple Crown and Gold Glove-winning season stands as one of the greatest all-around performances in the game's history, albeit one masked by the extreme pitchers' era in which it took place.
The Cardinals, meanwhile, had won a championship in 1964 and cruised to the National League pennant in '67 with a 101-win season and a balanced, star-studded team built around the core of the '64 champions.
Because Boston's ace and that year's American League Cy Young award winner, Jim Lonborg, had pitched a complete game on the final day of the season to deliver the pennant, the Red Sox were unable to start him against Cardinals ace Bob Gibson in Game 1. The staggering of the two aces meant that each team got its first win behind its best pitcher, both of whom went the distance while allowing a total of one run between them. That lone run came off of Gibson in Game 1 via a home run by opposing pitcher Jose Santiago. In Game 2, Lonborg didn't allow a baserunner until the seventh inning or a hit until there were two outs in the eighth. He finished with the fourth and still-most-recent one-hitter in World Series history.
After St. Louis won Game 3 behind 23-year-old Nelson Briles, Gibson and Lonborg resumed their dominance. First, Gibson pitched a shutout in Game 4 and then Lonborg answered with another complete game win in Game 5, this time allowing just a single run, to send the series back to Boston. Game 6 was a see-saw affair at Fenway Park in which neither starting pitcher made it past the sixth inning. That Red Sox ultimately won thanks to a four-run seventh inning that once again forced a decisive seventh game.
With Lonborg having allowed just one run (on a Roger Maris solo homer) and four hits in the Series, Williams was unable to resist the urge to start his ace on two days of rest against Gibson. But in a sad end to a great season, Lonborg wasn't up to the challenge. Gibson pitched his third complete game of the Series, adding a fifth-inning solo homer off Lonborg for good measure, while Williams let Lonborg give up seven runs over six innings before turning to his bullpen. Yastrzemski hit .400/.500/.840 in the series with three home runs, but the Red Sox were no match for Gibson. He won the Series MVP for completing and winning all three of his starts while allowing just three runs. It was St. Louis' second title in four years.
[mlbvideo id="19994279" width="600" height="360" /]
2004: Red Sox 4, Cardinals 0
By the time the Red Sox and Cardinals met again in 2004, the two franchises were on more equal footing, with one major exception. Heading into that season, Boston hadn't been to a World Series since losing to the Mets in seven games in 1986, while St. Louis hadn't won a pennant since falling to the Twins in seven games in '87. Both teams, however, were perennial playoff entrants, each appearing in their fifth postseason of the Wild-Card Era.
The key difference was that the Red Sox still hadn't won a World Series since 1918 -- when their pitching staff was led by a young lefty named Babe Ruth -- while the Cardinals had nine titles over the course of Boston's 86-year drought, two of them coming at the Sox' expense, and the most recent occurring in 1982.
The signal that this year might be different came when the Red Sox battled back from a 3-games-to-0 deficit against the Yankees in the ALCS, becoming the first major league team ever to win a best-of-seven series that they had trailed 3-0.
Boston kept momentum on its side by immediately jumping out to a 4-0 lead in the bottom of the first inning of Game 1, an outburst keyed by a three-run home run from ALCS hero David Ortiz, the fourth Boston hitter to come to the plate in the Series. The Sox added three more runs in the third, driving St. Louis starter Woody Williams from the game.
The two teams had, once again, led their respective leagues in scoring during the regular season, and the opener at Fenway Park, quickly turned into a slugfest. With Larry Walker, a former NL MVP who had been acquired in an August trade, contributing a third-inning home run off BoSox starter Tim Wakefield and a game-tying double off reliever Bronson Arroyo, the Cardinals battled back to tie the score at 7-7 in the top of the sixth. The Red Sox went ahead again with two runs in the bottom of the seventh but St. Louis tied it once more in the top of the eighth. Boston delivered the final blow in the bottom half on a two-run home run by second baseman Mark Bellhorn and Keith Foulke slammed the door in the ninth to give the Sox an 11-9 win.
That was the only time St. Louis would come close to winning a game in the Series. Red Sox starters Curt Schilling, Pedro Martinez and Derek Lowe combined to allow just one unearned run in 20 innings over the Series' final three games, handing the Boston bullpen a trio of leads it did not relinquish. When Cardinals shortstop Edgar Renteria tapped back to Foulke for the final out of Game 4, the Red Sox had swept the final eight games of the 2004 postseason, finally putting to bed 86 years of frustration, alleged curses, mismanagement and lousy luck.
[mlbvideo id="19983103" width="600" height="360" /]
Both teams have won championships since, doing so consecutively in 2006 (Cardinals) and 2007 (Red Sox), thus combining for three World Series wins in four years. With the two facing each other in this World Series, they will have combined to win five of the last 10 championships (adding St. Louis's dramatic win in 2011).
By almost every measure, they have been the two best teams of the 21st century thus far, and they enter the 2013 World Series having tied for the best record in baseball during the regular season. Chances are this won't be the last time we see these two teams face off in the Fall Classic.
VIDEO: Are Cardinals and Red Sox dynasties?
VERDUCCI: World Series will be decided on this small gap
CORCORAN and JAFFE: Position-by-position breakdown
LEMIRE: Number to know, player to watch and more
JAFFE: Six first-impressions of a tradition-rich matchup
Ten U.S. Senators, including Sens. Wyden, Warren, Franken, and Booker, today published a letter to FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler in opposition to his proposed rules-changes to net neutrality that would create so-called Internet ‘fast lanes.'
As we've covered a half-dozen times, the proposal cuts at the heart of net neutrality's bent on non-discrimination, by allowing preferential throttling of internet traffic. This distorts the market.
The senators seem to completely understand this. Their letter addresses the proper concerns and, eloquently, pushes back against the narrative that Wheeler himself has continued to advance. It's worth noting that several FCC commissioners have called for at least a delay of the vote on the changes, which could take place on May 15th. So, we're racing towards the deadline here.
Here are the key paragraphs from the letter:
The first paragraphs deal well with the core issue at hand, paid prioritization, while the last segment elides the validity of peering agreements by which ISPs can elicit fees from content companies for access to their network.
Netflix has written in opposition to peering agreements, precisely at the same time as it has signed two of them. In its view, ‘weak' net neutrality preserves pack non-discrimination, while ‘strong' net neutrality would also ban peering agreements.
The above letter certainly amps the pressure on Chairman Wheeler to recant his bent to vote as quickly as possible on the rules. Wagering a guess: If the vote is delayed, the rules as so-far detailed won't pass. It's taken some time, but the noise of the pushback has finally reached the tenor and strength required to cause change.
You and I don't have squat for power, but a senator does, and ten in unison is more than slightly noticeable.
Proteins called broadly neutralizing antibodies (bNAbs) are a promising key to the prevention of infection by HIV, the virus that causes AIDS. bNAbs have been found in blood samples from some HIV patients whose immune systems can naturally control the infection. These antibodies may protect a patient's healthy cells by recognizing a protein called the envelope spike, present on the surface of all HIV strains and inhibiting, or neutralizing, the effects of the virus. Now Caltech researchers have discovered that one particular bNAb may be able to recognize this signature protein, even as it takes on different conformations during infection—making it easier to detect and neutralize the viruses in an infected patient.
The work, from the laboratory of Pamela Bjorkman, Centennial Professor of Biology, was published in the September 10 issue of the journal Cell.
The process of HIV infection begins when the virus comes into contact with human immune cells called T cells that carry a particular protein, CD4, on their surface. Three-part (or "trimer") proteins called envelope spikes on the surface of the virus recognize and bind to the CD4 proteins. The spikes can be in either a closed or an open conformation, going from closed to open when the spike binds to CD4. The open conformation then triggers fusion of the virus with the target cell, allowing the HIV virus to deposit its genetic material inside the host cell, forcing it to become a factory for making new viruses that can go on to infect other cells.
The bNAbs recognize the envelope spike on the surface of HIV, and most known bNAbs only recognize the spike in the closed conformation. Although the only target of neutralizing antibodies is the envelope spike, each bNAb actually functions by recognizing just one specific target, or epitope, on this protein. Some targets allow more effective neutralization of the virus, and, therefore, some bNAbs are more effective against HIV than others. In 2014, Bjorkman and her collaborators at Rockefeller University reported initial characterization of a potent bNAb called 8ANC195 in the blood of HIV patients whose immune systems could naturally control their infections. They also discovered that this antibody could neutralize the HIV virus by targeting a different epitope than any other previously identified bNAb.
In the work described in the recent Cell paper, they investigated how 8ANC195 functions—and how its unique properties could be beneficial for HIV therapies.
"In Pamela's lab we use X-ray crystallography and electron microscopy to study protein–protein interactions on a molecular level," says Louise Scharf, a postdoctoral scholar in Bjorkman's laboratory and the first author on the paper. "We previously were able to define the binding site of this antibody on a subunit of the HIV envelope spike, so in this study we solved the three-dimensional structure of this antibody in complex with the entire spike, and showed in detail exactly how the antibody recognizes the virus."
What they found was that although most bNAbs recognize the envelope spike in its closed conformation, 8ANC195 could recognize the viral protein in both the closed conformation and a partially open conformation. "We think it's actually an advantage if the antibody can recognize these different forms," Scharf says.
The most common form of HIV infection is when a virus in the bloodstream attaches to a T cell and infects the cell. In this instance, the spikes on the free-floating virus would be predominantly in the closed conformation until they made contact with the host cell. Most bNAbs could neutralize this virus. However, HIV also can spread directly from one cell to another. In this case, because the antibody already is attached to the host cell, the spike is in an open conformation. But 8ANC195 could still recognize and attach to it.
A potential medical application of this antibody is in so-called combination therapies, in which a patient is given a cocktail of several antibodies that work in different ways to fight off the virus as it rapidly changes and evolves. "Our collaborators at Rockefeller have studied this extensively in animal models, showing that if you administer a combination of these antibodies, you greatly reduce how much of the virus can escape and infect the host," Scharf says. "So 8ANC195 is one more antibody that we can use therapeutically; it targets a different epitope than other potent antibodies, and it has the advantage of being able to recognize these multiple conformations."
The idea of bNAb therapeutics might not be far from a clinical reality. Scharf says that the same collaborators at Rockefeller University are already testing bNAbs in a human treatment in a clinical trial. Although the initial trial will not include 8ANC195, the antibody may be included in a combination therapy trial in the near future, Scharf says.
Furthermore, the availability of complete information about how 8ANC195 binds to the viral spike will allow Scharf, Bjorkman, and their colleagues to begin engineering the antibody to be more potent and able to recognize more strains of HIV.
"In addition to supporting the use of 8ANC195 for therapeutic applications, our structural studies of 8ANC195 have revealed an unanticipated new conformation of the HIV envelope spike that is relevant to understanding the mechanism by which HIV enters host cells and bNAbs inhibit this process," Bjorkman says.
These results were published in a journal article titled "Broadly Neutralizing Antibody 8ANC195 Recognizes Closed and Open States of HIV-1 Env." In addition to Scharf and Bjorkman, other Caltech coauthors include graduate student Haoqing Wang, research technician Han Gao, research scientist Songye Chen, and Beckman Institute resource director Alasdair W. McDowall. Funding for the work was provided by the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases of the National Institutes of Health; the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation; and the American Cancer Society. Crystallography and electron microscopy were done at the Molecular Observatory at Caltech, supported by the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation.
On Thursday, March 6, Bitcoiners from across the United States and around the world will gather in Austin, Texas for the first Texas Bitcoin Conference. Attendees will have a stellar line-up of speakers to look forward to with ample time to network and take part in over 30 workshops and tutorials.
The Texas Bitcoin Conference Team issued the following press release:
Mt. Gox and the Future of Bitcoin Demystified
Texas Bitcoin Conference
Premier Two-Day Event
March 5th and 6th 2014
Features over 30 workshops and tutorials for consumer friendly Bitcoin adoption, a $1 Million Hackathon for advancing the development of Distributed Autonomous Applications (DAA), A diverse list of distinguished speakers. The conference will be making history in the arts with the world's first Bitcoin-exclusive concert featuring Grammy-nominated Carolyn Malachi. Bitcoin will be used as a force for good at this event with all concert proceeds supporting Bitcoin accepting charities!
AUSTIN, DATE — The Texas Bitcoin Conference www.texasbitcoinconference.com is rapidly approaching. The event will be held March 5th and 6th at the Technology and Conference Center at the Circuit of the Americas Formula 1 complex (9201 Circuits of the Americas Blvd., Austin, TX. 78617).
In light of the recent Mt. Gox debacle, the Texas Bitcoin Conference has added a “Mt. Gox Explained” panel discussion on March 5th. The recent events surrounding Mt. Gox underscore the need for honest, transparent and auditable exchanges and Bitcoin endeavors.
The Texas Bitcoin Association looks forward to educating merchants, consumers and the curious public about Bitcoin adoption. Networking is a priority for the organization, with space and program time set aside for inventors, entrepreneurs, engineers and all attending to connect.
The Bitcoin 2.0 Hackathon: Building Next Generation Decentralized Applications & Protocols will take place both days. Teams will compete for more than $1 million in prizes and contracts in an event organized by the Mastercoin Foundation, Open-Transactions (Monetas), Ethereum, BitAngels, Ripple and others.
The Texas Bitcoin Conference will be making music history with the first ever BitCoinCert! www.bitcoincert.org The concert features Grammy-nominated Carolyn Malichi, the first known recording artist to accept Bitcoin payments for her music along with local favorites such as Eric Tessmer and Kalu James. The concert takes place Thursday, March 6th at 8:30 p.m. Volunteers are ready to help concertgoers new to Bitcoin quickly get empowered to purchase tickets with Crypto-currency. The suggested donation price is $25USD in Bitcoin.
Proceeds from the concert will support local and national service organizations. From a local perspective, the concert will support Without Regrets www.withoutregrets.org and Austin's own Capital Area Food Bank. The Capital Area Food Bank is a Federal Reserve of food pantries and food banks across Texas.
Three organizations powered solely by Bitcoin will also be featured beneficiaries, including Sean's Outpost homeless sanctuary in Florida, www.seansoutpost.com Bitcoin not Bombs www.bitcoinnotbombs.com and Fr33aid www.fr33aid.com Sean's Outpost founder Jason King is running an ultra-marathon across the country that began in Miami on Jan. 26. He is expected to make an appearance at the Texas Bitcoin Conference on March 6.
Bitcoin as technology, Bitcoin as an ecomonic force, Bitcoin as a Force for Good. All aspects of this exciting community will be explored during the two day event.
For more information and ticket pricing, please visit the Texas Bitcoin Conference website, www.texasbitcoinconference.com
# # #
President Donald Trump attacked Joe Scarborough and Mika Brzezinski Thursday morning, insulting Brzezinski's physical appearance in two unmistakably sexist tweets.
I heard poorly rated @Morning_Joe speaks badly of me (don't watch anymore). Then how come low I.Q. Crazy Mika, along with Psycho Joe, came.. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 29, 2017
...to Mar-a-Lago 3 nights in a row around New Year's Eve, and insisted on joining me. She was bleeding badly from a face-lift. I said no! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 29, 2017
Brzezinski appeared to respond to the president's tweets with an image of a Cheerios box that says “Made For Little Hands.”
The White House stood by Trump's tweets Thursday. Sarah Huckabee Sanders, the president's principal deputy press secretary, said Trump “fights fire with fire.”
Sarah Huckabee Sanders on President's tweet this morning: "This is a President who fights fire with fire" — Vaughn Sterling (@vplus) June 29, 2017
Trump's tweets came after Scarborough harshly criticized the White House over a Politico report detailing the way Secretary of State Rex Tillerson yelled at top Trump aides for undermining him and holding up State Department appointees. Jared Kushner, the president's son-in-law and senior adviser, reportedly told another top aide after the incident it was “unprofessional.”
“What Rex Tillerson did was not unprofessional,” Scarborough said. “What Rex Tillerson did was patriotic and way overdue. This White House ― because Donald Trump wants his son-in-law to be the de facto secretary of state and anybody goes in there knows that he wants Jared to be the de facto secretary of state, so they have cut Rex Tillerson off at the knees every single day. They don't let him put in qualified people at the State Department.”
Brzezinski referred to Kushner as “the guy with no experience.”
Earlier this morning, Dan Scavino, the White House's director of social media, called Brzezinski “dumb as a rock” on Twitter:
Trump's tweets also came a day after Fox News' Sean Hannity, a Trump ally, ripped Scarborough's coverage of Trump.
“It's a sad day for America when the president spends his time bullying, lying and spewing petty personal attacks instead of doing his job,” MSNBC said in a statement Thursday.
Mark Kornblau, the senior vice president of NBCUniversal News Group, tweeted Thursday that he thought it would be beneath his dignity to respond to Trump's comments.
Never imagined a day when I would think to myself, "it is beneath my dignity to respond to the President of the United States." — Mark Kornblau (@MarkKornblau) June 29, 2017
Two Republican senators, Lindsey Graham of South Carolina and Ben Sasse of Nebraska, criticized Trump's comments:
Mr. President, your tweet was beneath the office and represents what is wrong with American politics, not the greatness of America. — Lindsey Graham (@LindseyGrahamSC) June 29, 2017
Please just stop. This isn't normal and it's beneath the dignity of your office. — Ben Sasse (@BenSasse) June 29, 2017
Ironically, Trump's wife, Melania, pledged to take on cyberbullying as first lady ― “especially in social media.”
“Our culture has gotten too mean and too rough, especially to children and teenagers,” the first lady said in a November campaign speech. “It is never OK when a 12-year-old girl or boy is mocked, bullied or attacked. … It is absolutely unacceptable when it is done by someone with no name hiding on the internet.”
Trump's Thursday morning tweets evoke his attack on Megyn Kelly in 2015, when he accused her of having “blood coming out of her wherever.” The tweet also comes after the president called a female Irish reporter over to his desk in the Oval Office earlier this week to compliment her physical appearance.
Trump has a long, storied history of body-shaming and publicly humiliating women. As the owner of the Miss Universe pageant in 1996, he called Venezuelan contestant Alicia Machado “Miss Piggy” ― because he thought she'd gained weight ― and “Miss Housekeeping.” He said in 2013 that celebrity Kim Kardashian had gotten “a little bit large” and shouldn't dress like she's 120 pounds. He has called comedian Rosie O'Donnell “fat” and a “slob,” and he infamously mocked fellow presidential candidate Carly Fiorina's appearance. “Look at that face! Would anyone vote for that?” he told Rolling Stone in an interview during his primary campaign.
Also during his 2016 campaign, Trump was forced to apologize after The Washington Post published a 2005 tape in which he openly bragged about being able to grab women “by the pussy” because he was a celebrity. Trump dismissed the tape as “locker room talk.”
Scarborough and Brzezinski are engaged and Trump reportedly offered to officiate at the couple's wedding.
Royal Bank of Scotland will next week announce a massive round of new job cuts that will take its staff numbers to their lowest level in more than a decade as the lender sets out how it will bolster its capital and return to profit.
As much as a fifth of RBS's staff could face redundancy as part of a new round of costs cuts that would see more than 20,000 of the bank's 120,000 workforce lose their jobs in the coming years.
The announcement next Thursday is expected as part of chief executive Ross McEwan's turnaround plan for the lender, as he faces pressure from the City to set out how he will get the business back into the black amid an expected loss last year of close to £8bn.
On top of the large-scale job cuts, Mr McEwan could announce RBS's exit from its Connecticut-based US investment banking business, as well the shutdown of large parts of its remaining Asian investment bank.
Stephen Hester, who quit as RBS chief executive last September, had resisted making such swingeing cutbacks to the investment bank against pressure from George Osborne to refocus the bank on the UK and retail and commercial banking.
The job losses and business closures will likely see RBS staff numbers, which stood at 161,000 at the time of its £46bn bailout in 2008, fall to below 100,000 for the first time since the bank's 2000 takeover of larger rival NatWest.
Mr McEwan has been developing his plans for several months, but due to their sensitivity, even many senior managers have been kept in the dark about what he will announce.
However, sources with knowledge of the work said Project Cook, the internal codename for the plans, would see RBS cut tens of thousands of staff.
The cuts are likely to help fund increased investment on vital IT systems after a series of embarrassing glitches caused millions of the bank's customers to lose access to their money.
Mr McEwan is understood to believe that only increased automation will allow the bank to compete with rivals such as Barclays and Santander UK, which have spent billions of pounds building state-of-the-art computer platforms to offer customers better online and mobile banking services.
RBS has also faced pressure to explain how it will improve its core capital ratio. In an unscheduled market announcement last month the bank said its core Tier 1 capital ratio under the incoming Basel III rules could be as low as 8.1pc as of the end of last year.
RBS declined to comment.
ST-Ericsson unveiled their latest 2.5GHz NovaThor L8580 CPU earlier in this year, but the company is now readying to showcase an even faster version of the chip at MWC 2013.
The four Cortex A9 cores residing in the NovaThor L8580 (or eQuad, as it's also dubbed) that's going to be on display at MWC are going to be clocked at 3GHz. In order to not drain the battery in a heartbeat, ST-Ericsson have build the chipset using the 28nm FD-SOI manufacturing technology.
The company has also utilized ModAp, which optimizes the execution of apps and as a result runs them up to 35% faster. The chip comes with support for dual cameras (of up to 20MP), HD Voice and LTE. The GPU is going to be of the PowerVR SGX544 variety clocked at 600MHz.
Naturally, the 3GHz NovaThor L8580 CPU in question is just a prototype at the moment, but hopefully, we'll get to play with it in Barcelona and put it through some benchmarking.
Source
Former PV industry giant Germany continues to see serious market decline, with only 75.43 MW of new capacity being installed across 5,367 installations in October. This represents a decline on 140 MW in August and 110 MW in September. This is the first time that installations totaled only a double-digit MW figure since March 2009.
Relief in the form of an increase to PV feed-in tariffs is not on the horizon, with the solar FIT having fallen by 0.25% in November, with the rate being carried through into this month. FITs stand at between 12.62 (US$0.157) eurocents to 10.98 (US$0.137) eurocents for rooftop installations smaller than 500 kW. Larger systems must operate as merchant plants, by selling electricity directly onto the market.
The market is clearly feeling the effect of the merchant plant status for commercial rooftops over 500 kW. Only 12 installations connected to the grid in October were larger than 500 kW, with the largest being just over 2 MW.
Between January and October 2014 Germany has seen around 1.69 GW of PV capacity installed to its grids. The figures are published by Germanys Federal Network Agency.
Sharland/Getty Images
When's the last time you took a shower?" my well-scrubbed husband asks (from across the room). I not-so-inconspicuously sniff my armpits. "You're like that Peanuts character, the one with the flies buzzing over his head — Pig-Pen!" he says, grinning. I'm aware that this exchange usually plays out in reverse in most heterosexual relationships. But despite my day job as a beauty editor for, the truth is I'm rather, shall we say, bohemian. My blowdryer retired in the '90s; my short, raggedy-cuticled nails are rarely painted. Brows? Ithem full. Waxing? Come on. My morning beauty routine: Brush hair, splash face, brush teeth. Total time? Five minutes. Recently, however, a survey done by this very magazine suggested people react more positively to those who literally keep up appearances.I wonder. In the spirit of New Year's self-improvement, I vow to make the extra effort in 2013: I'll become a high-maintenance woman.
I spend one last deliciously dressed-down weekend dreaming of how glossy I'll look come Monday. But that morning arrives all too soon, and when the alarm goes off (I hit snooze once — OK, twice), the enormity of this lifestyle change faces me in the mirror. Glancing nervously at the ticking clock, I jump into the shower, wash my hair, perform a full-body exfoliation worthy of Patrick Bateman, and even apply lotion, which I never, ever do. Wiping the dust off the hair dryer that had been banished to a remote region of the closet next to old tax returns and my wedding dress, I dart back to the bathroom and find that, miraculously, it roars back to life! Less awe-inspiring is my inability to navigate the DIY blowout. Between the humidity from the shower and the heat of my ancient Sunbeam 1500, any progress I seem to make is stymied by the fact that I am sweating. In the end, this is not the work of Vidal Sassoon.
I hear my husband, Shya, wake and begin knocking on the door: "Hey, are you almost done?" I decide to do my makeup in the living room, then remember to check the time. How has an hour passed?! In full-on crisis mode, I hurriedly type a flimsy e-mail to my boss about needing to deal with a leak in my apartment, then slick on foundation, concealer, blush, and more as if my life depends on it. I throw on a silk shift, heels, even a necklace (Nice touch! I think), and hurl myself out the door, much to Shya's bemusement.
I may look fantastic — well, the hair is questionable — but I'm also more than an hour late to work. That's when I decide to start cheating. Later that afternoon, I announce to my coworkers that I need to run an errand. The task at hand, though, is scoring a real blowout at a nearby salon. It takes exactly 80 minutes, which is regrettable, but my bad behavior is justified when, back at the office, a colleague says, "Oh, Erin, you always look so great!" See? Even one day of looking fabulous can fool others into thinking that's always the case. Now I am really motivated: Facials, waxes, self-tanning sessions, hair color treatments — I get on the phone and start booking appointment after appointment. It's so time-consuming, I cancel drinks with a friend. Clearly, I'm too busy.
Ashley Macknica
The next day, I find myself breathlessly racing from a teeth-whitening appointment (cleaning plus bleaching equals two hours!) to a nail salon to the office. Here's the crazy thing: As harried as I feel, looking like I've got it all pulled together does seem to make a difference. When I arrive at a soiree that evening, a colleague points out that my perfect nails match my shirt. "You look amazing," she coos in front of my boss, who beams. I am gracious.
Emboldened by the flattery, I make grander moves. I spend an entire afternoon at the Sally Hershberger salon. It's extremely boring to sit around under a heat lamp for hours, but I emerge gloriously highlighted as if angels and unicorns have gently kissed each individual tress. Another day, I visit a Park Avenue dermatologist's office for Pelleve, which is basically a facial on amphetamines. A warm radio-frequency wand massages my skin to spike collagen production, which leaves me slightly inflamed, but at least I look amazing and younger. One morning, I even give false lashes a go, but I'm met with strange glances all day, only to realize back home that one of my lashes has been hanging on by a corner.
In the following two-week blur of heat styling and lipstick stains, I skip workouts (Cardio Crunch would ruin my hair) and socializing — I spend more time with aestheticians than with friends. Luckily, Shya and I are invited to a weekend at a friend's country house upstate. But the morning after we arrive, instead of bounding down the stairs in my pajamas and tucking into a Bloody Mary, I find myself flat-ironing my drizzly-weather hair and curling my lashes as the aroma of bacon wafts up from the kitchen. By the time I make it downstairs, breakfast is long gone.
Being deprived of vodka beverages and pork products is the last straw. Because after a month of really, really trying, I'm absolutely exhausted. While the compliments stroke my ego, I'm not sure anyone takes me more or less seriously just because my hair is well-coiffed, and the anxiety of trying to look perfect all the time makes me weirdly self-conscious. The sheer amount of time and energy devoted to my appearance looms large. Similarly astronomical: the money spent. Let's just say I could have purchased at least two pairs of Nicholas Kirkwoods, with change to spare. I'm also certain my coworkers are annoyed with my constant "errands." And at home, instead of my spouse being dazzled, our relationship suffers from neglect due to my endless primping.
In the end, it's not worth sacrificing my carefree lifestyle. Looking flawless 24/7 simply isn't realistic — plus, it's liberating to shirk the pressure to be perfect, self-imposed or otherwise. Not so gradually, I give in to my inner slovenliness, with a few caveats: I'll skip the soap-star makeup, but I kind of like the idea of getting my hair blown out once a week and coasting on dry shampoo. Ditto for manicures, but I'll stick to nude polish for extra mileage. That's just about all the glamour I need.
Susan Walsh / AP Senator Joe Lieberman speaks during a news conference on Capitol Hill in Washington on Thursday, Nov. 6, 2008
Throughout his presidential campaign, Barack Obama pledged that, if elected, he would work to bridge the partisan divide. "Let us resist the temptation to fall back on the same partisanship and pettiness and immaturity that has poisoned our politics for so long," he said Tuesday night in his victory speech.
One of the first tests of whether that new spirit will prevail in Washington may be how Senate Democrats deal with Joe Lieberman, the Connecticut Senator who crossed the aisle to support John McCain in the election. During the campaign, Lieberman angered many in his longtime party by attacking Obama's experience and leadership (and occasionally even calling into question his patriotism). "Senator Obama is a gifted and eloquent young man who can do great things for our country in the years ahead," Lieberman said in a speech at the Republican National Convention. "But eloquence is no substitute for a record  not in these tough times." Later in the same speech Lieberman misleadingly accused Obama of "voting to cut off funding for our troops on the ground."
Until recently, the Dems' precarious power in the Senate meant that Lieberman could pretty much say what he wanted. Al Gore's 2000 running mate, he had been forced to run for re-election in 2006 as an independent after liberals groups angry over his support for the war in Iraq helped mount a successful primary challenge. Since then, Lieberman has caucused with the Democrats  his presence among their ranks giving them control of the Senate with a 51-49 majority  while siding with the Bush Administration on Iraq and the war on terror.
But Lieberman may no longer be able to get away with it. Democrats have expanded their majority in the Senate by six seats  with three more seats still too close to call  and are no longer dependent on Lieberman's vote (although if they somehow win three more seats, Lieberman's vote could give them a filibuster-proof majority). Senate majority leader Harry Reid met with Lieberman Wednesday afternoon on Capitol Hill in what he said was the first in a series of conversations before the two will jointly address the party caucus when they convene in two weeks. "While I understand that Senator Lieberman has voted with Democrats a majority of the time, his comments and actions have raised serious concerns among many in our caucus," Reid said, adding that no decisions have been made.
For his part, Lieberman was vague about his next move. "Senator Reid and I have just completed what I would describe as a good conversation between two colleagues and friends," he told reporters. "I want to spend some time in the next few days thinking about what Senator Reid and I have discussed and what my options are at this point." He went on to say that "the people of Connecticut were good enough to re-elect me to the United States Senate in 2006 as an independent. And so I have tried since then to view the decisions I make in the United States Senate on what I believe are best for our county and our state."
At the very least, experts and Democratic Senate staffers say, Lieberman is likely to lose his current role in the Homeland Security and Oversight Committee. "Reid will be under pressure to strip Lieberman's chairmanship from him," says Stephen Wayne, a political-science professor at Georgetown University. "If he votes to organize with the Dems, they will allow him to choose a committee assignment, but not chair."
Republicans over the past weeks have made it clear they'd welcome Lieberman if he chooses to defect. "Joe Lieberman is certainly going to be a wild card," Senator John Ensign, a Nevada Republican, told MSNBC last week. "And it depends on  you know, we welcome Joe. I think Joe's a terrific guy with a lot of integrity and does what he believes."
The way Democrats see things, Lieberman is not the only traitor in their midst, though he is the most high-profile case. Senator Daniel Inouye, a Hawaii Democrat and the heir apparent to the Appropriations Committee  if the committee's chairman, Robert Byrd, who will be 91 on Nov. 20, is given an emeritus role  publicly supported Republican Senator Ted Stevens in his re-election bid in Alaska. Inouye maintained that position even after Stevens was found guilty of seven counts of lying on his financial-disclosure forms to cover up expensive renovations done to his Alaska home by an oil-services company (Stevens, amazingly, appears to have been re-elected in a close race). There's been no discussion of punishing Inouye yet. "Having Inouye campaigning for Ted Stevens complicates matters some," says Charlie Cook, publisher of the nonpartisan Cook Political Report, which tracks congressional races. "Besides, Lieberman votes with the party over half the time." (Read "Congressional Races to Watch '08.")
Indeed, while Lieberman may have supported a Republican  and his good friend  for the White House, most of his votes in the Senate, aside from the war in Iraq and other security issues, are perfectly in line with the Democrats. "Given his voting record other than national security, I can't imagine his being welcomed with open arms by the Republicans," says Thomas Mann, a congressional scholar at the Brookings Institution. "Maybe he and John McCain will start a new party in the Senate." (See pictures of John McCain's campaign farewell.)
In the final weeks of the campaign, as Obama widened his lead over McCain, Lieberman was careful to tone down his rhetoric and attacks on the Democratic nominee. "Everybody seems to agree that we need a new kind of government in Washington that breaks across party lines, right? That gets things done," Lieberman told a crowd in Peterborough, N.H., on Sunday night, wearing his "lucky" red sweater that he sported when he endorsed McCain last December. "I want to present myself immodestly as Exhibit A. I'm a Democrat, re-elected as an Independent, here to support the Republican candidate." And when Obama won, Lieberman struck a decidedly conciliatory tone in a statement: "Now that the election is over, it is time to put partisan considerations aside and come together as a nation to solve the difficult challenges we face and make our blessed land stronger and safer," he said. "I pledge to work with President-elect Obama and his incoming Administration in their efforts to reinvigorate our economy and keep our nation secure and free."
Lieberman long ago started marching to the beat of his own drum, and he appears to have no regrets about it. "Most people will see Lieberman as one of the big losers of this election," said Sean Smith, Lieberman's 2006 primary campaign manager, who worked for Obama in Pennsylvania in the presidential election. "In reality, though, the bet he made on McCain had no downside. If McCain had won, he would have been rewarded handsomely. But if vengeful Democrats now make an example of him, Lieberman will wear it as the ultimate badge of honor in the martyr myth he has built of himself  punished for his independence and for putting friendship above party."
 With reporting by Michael Scherer / Phoenix
See pictures of presidential First Dogs.
See pictures from the historic Election Day.
Francisco Marin, also known as " Novato " ("Rookie" in Spanish), is a 61-year-old climber and the only known person in the world to climb at this level at his age. He sent 8b+ in 2012, and now has 8c "Florida" as a project, all of them in Rodellar, Spain. Francisco is a lifelong climber, and even his son Edu Marin is a professional climber. This nickname "Novato" is a true reference to his merits in sport as well as his special and specific point of view in life. He values effort, honor, perseverance and honesty in his life and his climbing. This video series transcends the climbing world and showcases this inspiring, motivating individual who wants to share his story. It's not about sport, it's about life. Most People Can't Climb 8b+, Especially at 61 Years Old - Francisco Marin Can | Novato, Ep. 1
Despite all the glitz and glamour on show in glossy magazine ads, it seems no amount of spin can make the claims of cosmetic advertising as scientifically grounded as the beauty industry would like us to believe. A new US study of magazine advertising in titles including Vogue, Glamour, and Marie Claire has found that the majority of cosmetic product claims appear to be bogus, with a significant portion even constituting "outright lies".
Researchers from Valdosta State University assessed 289 full-page cosmetic ads from the pages of seven magazines published in April 2013, categorising the claims made by the ads into various categories. These declarations included environmental claims (eg. “no testing on animals”), endorsement claims (eg. “recommended by dermatologists”), and scientific claims (eg. “clinically proven”). Ads were sourced from a number of product categories within female cosmetics, including make-up, facial skincare, body products, fragrances, and others.
Once categorised by the researchers, the cosmetic claims made by the advertisements were evaluated by a panel of judges and classified according to four scales of truthfulness: outright lie, omission, vague, and acceptable.
Although many of us are already inclined to think skeptically about the claims made by cosmetic manufacturers, the results from the study are still pretty mind-blowing. Ultimately, only 18 percent of the claims made in the ads were found to be acceptable by the judges, with more than 4 out of 5 product claims being seen as vague or untruthful.
In terms of scientific claims made by products, just 14 percent were seen as being acceptable. Environmental claims were accepted with less cynicism, although even then, only half such claims were found to be acceptable. Performance claims also fared poorly. About one in four performance-based claims were found to be acceptable, but almost as many were considered to be outright lies (23 percent).
While the notion that cosmetics advertisers are exaggerating or even fabricating their results to sell women overpriced health and beauty products won't come as a big surprise to anybody, the publicity attracted by the study could have an impact on the way beauty products are marketed and regulated.
“Deception not only undermines the credibility of advertising as a whole by making consumers defensive, but also produces damaging effects for the advertisers who are directly responsible for making the claims,” one of the study's co-authors, told Sarah Knapton at The Telegraph. “The study makes it clear that marketers have a powerful self-interest in upholding the truth in cosmetics advertising… more regulations need to be developed.”
The research is published in the Journal of Global Fashion Marketing.
HOUSTON (AP) – Grand juries in Texas are chosen like no other place in the country.
Rather than picking from a pool of randomly selected residents to hear criminal cases, judge-appointed commissioners are allowed to nominate prospective jurors under a system the U.S. Supreme Court has called “susceptible of abuse.”
Now, more than four decades after federal courts stopped using a similar method, Texas is under pressure to make the shift amid criticism that its grand juries sometimes include biased members connected to the criminal justice system.
With support from judges, attorneys and a prominent district attorney, the Texas Legislature is considering a set of bills that would end the so-called key-man system and allow only randomly selected panels consider whether prosecutors have sufficient evidence to seek charges.
Supporters say the bills would help end the perception of an unfair grand jury process, while others warn a new system would make it more difficult to find grand jurors who have enough time to serve.
“If we are going to have a workable criminal justice system, people are going to have confidence in all components of it,” said state Sen. John Whitmire, a Houston Democrat who sponsored the legislation. “(People) have to believe they are getting a fair review by a grand jury.”
A Senate committee approved Whitmire's bill last week. A similar version is being reviewed in the House.
Critics derisively describe the key-man system as “pick a pal” because grand jury commissioners often repeatedly nominate people they know for duty. They say commissioners tend to be white men who often recommend people with similar backgrounds and pro-law enforcement viewpoints. Most Texas counties use the key-man system, though some do use random selection.
Whitmire's proposal follows public outcry over a series of high-profile grand jury decisions involving officer-involved incidents across the country. But the legislation is targeted specifically to complaints about Houston's Harris County, where hundreds of shootings involving Houston police since 2004 have not resulted in the indictment of any officers.
In another controversial case, a grand jury panel that included a police officer investigated the 2003 fatal shooting of a police officer in Houston. Defendant Alfred Brown was later convicted and sent to death row, but grand jury testimony shows the officer may have persuaded one of Brown's alibi witnesses to change her story. Brown is appealing his conviction.
The Supreme Court expressed concern about the key-man system in 1977. California stopped using it in criminal cases about 15 years ago, but still permits it for civil grand juries.
“California figured this out a while ago,” said Robert Sanger, a criminal defense attorney who was involved in a lawsuit that helped spur the change. “I'm disappointed that it's still going on.”
Michael McSpadden, a state district judge for 33 years in Harris County, said changing Texas' criminal grand jury process would “be a disaster” because of the difficulty in finding randomly selected people who can make the time commitment. Grand juries in Harris County meet twice a week for three months.
Other states have taken steps to make the random system work. Lake County, Illinois, provides childcare for jurors, while Arizona started a fund to pay jurors up to $300 a day for lost income.
Others have expanded the databases used to compile jury pools.
Ryan Patrick, a district judge in Harris County who uses a method incorporating random selection and the key-man system, said a new approach might have problems but was worth considering.
“At the end of the day, the community at large is not served if the perception is the system does not have legitimacy,” he said.
(© Copyright 2015 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Earlier today, news of full-length films from Paramount Pictures being released for free on YouTube hit the top of Reddit's Videos community—but before you get too excited, you should know that the offerings are pretty limited at the moment.
A few weeks ago, Paramount debuted a video via YouTube announcing a “selection of great full-length movies” that are “now playing on the new Paramount Vault” to little fanfare.
Although the reel highlights films like Titanic, Grease, Top Gun, Zoolander, Ghost, and The Ten Commandments, you won't find any of these big-name releases on the Vault's YouTube channel—unless you want to watch two-minute clips.
The Paramount Vault YouTube channel was created back in December 2014, but just now seems to be getting some love—perhaps because of the overabundance of other streaming options on the Internet (or because the blockbusters still aren't on the channel).
For now, redditors are sifting through the full-length titles that have been added to find the hidden treasure:
Other popular options include a certain 1987 so-bad-it's-good science-fantasy-action flick that was the subject of last week's How Did This Get Made? podcast.
The films (divided by genre into drama, horror, classics, action/adventure, comedy, sci-fi, and TV shows) include a number of other strange highlights—with highly recognizable titles like…
Riding High (1950)
In which Bing Crosby smokes weed and enters the Kentucky Derby. (I assume.)
I Married a Monster From Outer Space (1958)
The title's a bit of a spoiler. And…
The Deadly Bees (1966)
Okay, so they may not be the best stuff in Paramount's collection, but hey, they're free, and everyone appreciates that. Check out the full collection on the Vault's YouTube channel.
The Greens want to depoliticise the NBN, but can they? Source: MAGILLA (CANOFWORMS.ORG)
In the wake of Labor confirming that it has no plans for a Royal Commission into the NBN, Scott Ludlam from the Greens has told PC World...
The Greens propose to renew the terms of reference of the Senate Select Committee on the NBN and immediately undertake a multi-party inquiry into the most cost-effective and future-proof architecture for the NBN. [Clarification on timing: the Senate has to approve members and terms of reference for a select committee so the earliest it could start is the first sitting week back.]
A Royal Commission into the politicisation of the NBN would itself be political and would not progress the project itself. A select committee inquiry informed by an independent panel of technologists, academics, engineers, user advocates, NBN advisers and other experts, will, with the assistance of Infrastructure Australia, generate a 20-30 year life-cycle cost benefit analysis and other technical work.
These studies will break the political deadlock and propose a pathway forward.
Similar implementation studies were done by academics and experts before the last major FTTP plan was implemented by Labor. However, the Coalition completely ignored them. In the subsequent years, Labor repeatedly refused to perform a Cost Benefit Analysis while the subsequent, post-election, Coalition-sponsored Vertigan Review and Ergas Cost Benefit Analysis were deeply flawed and missed out virtually all business benefits and enormous healthcare savings. However, repeating the process with the Coalition, post-election, may pave the path away from the current plan which focuses on upgrading the existing copper network. Or it may not.
Meet two homeowners with high lead levels in the water and find out what they're doing to fix it.
Every day, multiple times a day, Jesse Perkins runs the water in his kitchen sink for about a minute-and-a-half, until it runs cold, indicating that it's fresh water from the main in the middle of his street. He does it before he fills up a glass of water or a pot for cooking.
“I even try to flush it before I fill my cat's dish,” he said, with a laugh.
Perkins bought his Lawrenceville home in 2013, gutted it and spent three years fixing it up. As part of the renovations, he replaced all of the interior plumbing with PVC pipe and a flexible plastic called PEX. The one bit of plumbing he didn't replace was the lead service line that carries his water 60 feet from the water main into his house.
Perkins got his water tested for lead through PWSA and it came back at 65 parts per billion, more than quadruple the Environmental Protection Agency's action limit.
He attended a community meeting held by PWSA in Lawrenceville in January, where Interim Executive Director Bernard Lindstrom told residents flushing would make their drinking water safe.
“We came here today, we told you what is lead. We told you where it comes from, where it can be found, how you can find it. We told you how it got here and what's been going on in the past … and what we're doing right now and into the future,” Lindstrom said. “I can only leave you with this right now: flush your lines. Right now, flush your lines.”
Perkins said he's followed that advice.
"But the fact that it's coming through that lead line is still troublesome," he said.
According to PWSA's Interim Director of Engineering, Bob Weimar, service lines in Pittsburgh are typically five-eighths to three-quarters of an inch in diameter. If Perkins' supply line is 60 feet long, it might hold up to one-and-a-half gallons of water. Depending on his faucet and aerator, anywhere between a half-gallon and two gallons of water can flow out of his tap every minute. So that minute-and-a-half of flushing should be long enough to get rid of all the water that has been sitting in the lead service line and bring fresh water from the main for Perkins, and his cat.
But not every Pittsburgher trusts that method.
Emily Drill and Steve Hayashi live in Squirrel Hill with their 3-year-old twins, Amy and Liam. They've had their water tested three times since last summer, with results ranging from 22- to 27-parts-per-billion, even with flushing.
“PWSA has recommended that you flush your line for a minute or so until the water gets cold,” Hayashi said. “I was curious … so I actually ran the faucet, set a timer and even held the thermometer under the faucet.”
After about 90 seconds, the water temperature dropped from 67 to 57 degrees. Hayashi collected a sample and sent it to a private lab for analysis.
“That too came back at about 23 parts per billion lead,” he said.
Drill said, as a parent, it was a scary realization.
“It could have been a couple of years and, you know, it's just worrying that we could have done damage to them and caused developmental problems without knowing it,” she said.
Hayashi said as soon as they got their first lead test results in November, he went to Home Depot and bought a faucet-mount Brita filter for about $25. It's certified to remove lead by NSF, an organization that tests water filters and other products for compliance with safety standards. And Hayashi and Drill instituted a new rule in the house.
“The rule we have for our kids is that you're not allowed to drink from the bathroom sink or the bathtub,” he said. “It's a little silly.”
Hayashi found out through PWSA that both his portion and the authority's portion of his house's service line are lead.
In mid-March, he got a letter saying PWSA would be replacing their side of the line within 45 days, and that he would have four weeks after that to replace his side while the ground is open.
Hayashi attributed PWSA's attention to his own tendency to be a squeaky wheel.
“I've raised questions and sent emails to PWSA,” he said. “I'm concerned about my neighbors and friends who are blissfully unaware.”
Hayashi said he's been getting quotes from plumbers, and expects the project to come in around $4,000.
Jesse Perkins said he also plans to replace his lead service line and that PWSA told him they'll do their portion of the line at the same time. But he doesn't know when he'll actually be able to get around to it.
“I have other things that I need to spend money on right now and I can't justify … taking out a loan to do this,” Perkins said. “Maybe my answer would be different if I had a pregnant partner in the house, or I had small children.”
As for 3-year-old Amy and Liam, their parents took them to get their blood lead levels tested in January. Both cames back perfectly normal, but they're still not allowed to drink the bathtub water.
The Celtics don't just want to get Gordon Hayward to agree to a free agent contract.
The Celtics need to make this deal happen.
And it's not just for the fact they have to get a consistent producer of offense on the wing to complement Isaiah Thomas (and vice versa) and change the way opponents can deal with them.
No, the Celts need to make their case in their presentation today and get this done because of the math. This will be their last chance to shop in the Marquee Free Agent department for the foreseeable future. After this summer, they won't have the necessary room on their credit card to do anything more than window shop when the big-time talents become available.
As it stands, the C's will have to pare down their roster to create room for a maximum contract that will be Hayward's of he should choose to move to Boston. But it's not as if Danny Ainge can simply put that money back in the bank if he whiffs on the 6-foot-8 All-Star.
Thomas and Avery Bradley will be unrestricted free agents next summer. Marcus Smart will be a restricted free agent. All three will get paid, be it here or somewhere else. The Celts probably can't keep and sign all three, but whomever remains will take a severe bite out of their room under the cap and take them out of the free agent game for the stars.
So it's critical that Brad Stevens is able to successfully recruit Hayward for a second time. The pitch will necessarily be different from when he got him to play at Butler, but it will be similar in some ways, too.
No doubt Stevens long ago convinced Hayward he understood his game and could put him in the best positions to succeed, and, really, it will be the same now. Hayward has developed a very good relationship with Jazz coach Quin Snyder, and he is said to be rightfully impressed with Heat bench boss Erik Spoelstra. But he has to have an important comfort level with Stevens that the Celts will be hoping can be a given as they try to sell Hayward on the prospects of joining a team that won 53 games, made it to the Eastern Conference finals and is markedly ahead of schedule on a rebuild that he'd significantly assist.
The C's can no longer tell him that if he signs here, they will maybe even give up a little more than they want to take a shot with Paul George and create a club that could possibly have an edge on Cleveland in the race to the NBA Finals. The Pacers took that bargaining tool out of the Celts' kit by sending George to Oklahoma City, and now the Shamrocks are looking at more of a grind to reach the last series.
The Finals are, however, a more realistic goal in closer proximity here than in Miami or Utah, and it's fair to assume that the Celtics contingent will be laying that reality on pretty thick today. Something along the lines of “This is what happened here without you. What effect would add a guy who averaged 21.9 points and shot 39.8 percent on 3-pointers have?”
No matter where he signs, Hayward will almost certainly ink a deal that gives him the option to sever after three years. That would bring him to 10 years in the NBA and make him eligible for the top-level maximum contract. On each of the teams he is considering, he will be featured enough that he doesn't have to worry about hurting his value and, thus, his chance at the bigger money.
To this point, the Celtics have been able to avoid giving major dough to players who aren't worth it. But if the move for Hayward falls through, they will be back to praying someone deserving of their assets becomes available. They will be hoping Jaylen Brown and Jayson Tatum take an accelerated route to their potential.
And even if that comes to fruition, the Celts will have lost their last chance for a while to add a ready-made star without surrendering key players or draft assets that could enhance the product even while it competes deep into the playoffs.
When the Celtics lost out on Kevin Durant last summer, they still had this summer. In terms of free agent pyrotechnics, July 2018 is currently not available to them.
(And impatiens, begonias, oregano, rosemary…)
Q. Dear Mike: Years ago, when I subscribed to ORGANIC GARDENING magazine, you wrote about bringing your pepper plants in for the winter and transplanting them back into the garden the following Spring. My brother has a few choice plants I am interested in "wintering over." Could you repeat the specifics of how this is accomplished? I still miss you as editor of OG—I learned much from the magazine. Regards,
---David in Middleport (Schuylkill County), Pa.
Q. Dear Mike: I grew bell pepper plants this summer in 17" containers. I've heard you mention that you bring yours indoors each winter and grow them under fluorescent lights. Am I thinking of doing the same. But you've said that you get peppers only until around Thanksgiving. Why can't you get them to continue producing through the winter? Thanks; your show is the best!
---Bruce in Norwood, Pa.
A. 'Dank you, boys—this is one of my favorite tricks! Yes—peppers (hot and sweet) are perennial plants that will live for many, many years if protected from frost.
If your pepper plants are in the ground, transfer them into pots right away. I like to fill such containers with a mix of 1/3 compost and 2/3 loose, seed-starting mix when I'm starting out fresh, but we don't want to stress these puppies with a lot of repotting. So just dig a circle around each plant with a sharp shovel, pop it out of the ground with enough dirt attached that no roots are showing, and slide it into a big plastic (NOT terra cotta) pot. Do this in the evening; never in the morning or heat of the day.
If the Island of Earth you have excavated is a little too big, shave dirt off the sides till it fits. If there's room for more soil inside the pot, add some compost, not more garden soil. Then water well and put the pots in a shady spot for a few days.
If your plants are already in pots, pick up here.
LONG before frost (while nighttime temps are still in the 50s) rinse the plants off REALLY well in the garden with sharp streams of water. Wait a few hours, move the plants to a different spot in the garden and repeat. Then bring them inside to a porch or other appropriate in-between place, wait a day or two and inspect the plants well for aphids and other pests. If you see any, rinse them in the tub or shower twice; one day apart. If you see no pests, do it once.
Then place them directly under a "shoplight"; that means a fixture housing two, four-foot long, 40W Cool White florescent bulbs. NOT "plant lights"; like me, these theoretically-perfect plant growers are just too dim. Always keep the tops of the plants almost touching the bulbs—the light intensity of these fixtures drops off dramatically after just a few inches, and florescent light is cool, so closeness doesn't harm the plants.
I've always left my lights on 24/7. If that makes you nervous, you can turn them off for a few hours every night. Peppers like it warm, so don't let the temp drop below 55°. A range of 60 to 70° is ideal.
Do not feed the plants, and water only when the pots feel light. This will ripen up any green fruits, and then keep the plants alive till next Spring, when you will be putting those big honkin' puppies out in the garden instead of the puny little starts your neighbors will be buying at the garden center. These big plants produce ripe peppers FAST!
Now, you can keep your plants flowering and fruiting over the winter if you provide warm temps and REALLY bright light. That means:
A fixture with FOUR, four-foot florescent tubes,
A two tube fixture sitting overtop of plants that also receive very bright light from a sunny South-facing window,
Or high-intensity lights like sodium vapor or metal halide (which give off lots of heat—keep all plants several feet away from such lights).
If you choose to do this, provide food and water like it was during the summer and enjoy the peppers.
Oh, and this trick works even better with impatiens and begonias. (I have one pot of impatiens that's at least four years old!) And because these pretty perennial posies are shade-lovers, they don't need a lot of light. Just put them under a two-tube fixture or sit them in a sunny window and they'll bloom most of the winter, providing great indoor color and BIG plants for the Spring—both for free!
Wire, the communications app backed by Skype co-founder Janus Friis which launched late last year, is now expanding its service to the web with the launch of Wire for Web. Envisioned as a modern-day take on Skype, had it been built today, the new addition to Wire will allow users on Chrome, Firefox and Opera web browsers to both make and receive calls, while IE and Safari users will only be able to chat at this time.
In addition to making calls and chatting, Wire users on the web will be able to create and leave group conversations, as well as block users.
The new app looks much like Wire's current lineup of apps for OS X, iOS and Android. That is, it features the same, minimalist design where some tools only appear when needed. For example, the options to add media or ping a person in a chat don't show up until your cursor moves over to that side of the screen. Also like mobile apps, Wire offers push notifications where supported.
Wire was designed with the goal of creating a communications platform that leverages newer technologies than those used by older services like Skype, which is now more than a decade old. So most of the new features are under-the-hood improvements in areas like media compression, audio technology, file delivery and more.
The startup, based in Zug, Switzerland, is backed by a team whose backgrounds include time spent at Apple, Skype, Nokia and Microsoft. In addition, co-founder and CEO Jonathan Christensen has been in the communications space for 15 years, having previously worked on MSN Messenger and Lync at Microsoft, and then later co-founded audio-processing software company Camino Networks, which was acquired by Skype.
Company co-founder and CTO Alan Duric today says a focus on the web as a platform for communications had been important to Wire's team for some time. In fact, the first prototype of Wire's desktop app had been built using HTML5, he notes. Duric also explains that because there had been no real-time audio standard in HTML, many browser-based calling solutions in the past have required plug-ins or Flash to operate.
That has changed in recent years with the advancements in the space spearheaded by Google, which has been working with the World Wide Web Consortium and the Internet Engineering Task Force. In 2011, they formed the Web Real-Time Communications Working Group and they've since acquired and made available open source assets for real-time audio from Global IP Sound.
Wire's software and its new Wire for Web application is based on WebRTC, which means it should interoperate with any browser that supports the standard.
The company is declining to share user numbers, but says during its launch, it was seeing 20 registrations per second and it has now been downloaded in every country worldwide. Google Play gives some insight into the app's size, though, indicating that it has between 100,000 and 500,000 downloads to date. However, the app is not currently well-ranked on the app stores – on iOS it's No. 1,237 in the “Social Networking” category, and it's unranked (below No. 1,500) on Google Play. It's also No. 47 on the Mac App Store.
These numbers indicate that Wire still has a way to go to have any hope of toppling the major players in the mobile communications space, including not only Skype, but also apps like Viber, Tango, WhatsApp, which just rolled out support for calls, and Facebook Messenger, which now offers video calling.
Wire's web app is currently free to use at app.wire.com.
When PCMag took a close look at the fastest ISPs in Canada last year, the Canadian Internet Registration Authority (CIRA), which manages the .CA top-level domain, said 86.8 percent of households in the country had Internet connections. In 2015, that number has stayed the same. Still, that puts the country at No. 16 globally for home Internet penetration, which is second among the G8 countries and well ahead of the U.S. at No. 28.
Canadians obviously appreciate their connections, but which providers offer the fastest Internet in the provinces? We're here to find out.
As always, we've teamed with our sister company Ookla, creators of Speedtest, the de facto standard used by ISPs around the world to check broadband connection throughput. In the past, we've used all the data from worldwide Speedtest users when looking at international ISPs, but for Canada (as we do for Fastest ISPs USA ), we took a subset of data provided strictly by PCMag readers. In fact, you should take our PCMag Speedtest right now:
The tests in this story came in between Sept. 1, 2014 and Aug. 28, 2015. Each consisted of results showing download speed and upload speed in Megabits per second. In PC Labs, we turn to the full power of modern spreadsheets and apply our own formula. It takes 80 percent of the download speed and 20 percent of the upload, adds them together, and provides what we call the PCMag Internet Speed Index, a quick way for us to visualize and compare the ISPsand determine the fastest ISP in a location or locations that have the fastest ISPs. (For more, read the full methodology from our Fastest ISPs U.S. story.)
To be included, each ISP had to have a minimum of 50 tests. That means a lot of smaller and maybe faster ISPs didn't make the cut—but we didn't want to base results on a handful of tests we couldn't back up statistically. Thankfully, some big-name companies that provide ISP service—those most likely to make the list because they have more users—are stepping up when it comes to better broadband. Canada's speeds this year are the best we've seen so far.
The question is, which ISP is the fastest? We're about to tell you, right after this test.
Curious about your broadband internet speed? Test it now!
Deactivate your VPN temporarily for the best results.
Fastest ISPs in Canada
In the past few years, The Fastest ISPs: Canada had a clear winner: Rogers, the country's biggest cable provider for TV and Internet. And Rogers did indeed see a great speed increase this year, shooting up to a PCMag Speed Index score of 41.0, compared to 30.3 last year.
But it wasn't enough to keep up with the competition from fibre provider Bell Aliant. Found mainly in eastern Canada, it's owned by the same parent as Bell Canada—an ISP also in the top 10 at No. 7but each is operated separately. That approach is working well for Bell Aliant, which shot up from 26.4 last year to an index of 56.4 for 2015. That's up from fifth place in 2013. It's unequivocal: Bell Aliant is the one to pick if you are lucky enough to live in its service area.
Shaw Communicationsone of the leaders in bringing fibre-optic connections to the homes in Canadastayed at No. 3 this year, climbing to a speed index of 29.3. Similar things happened for Cogeco Cable and Videotron, both of which stay in the same spot despite nice gains.
There isn't a big change in the lineup from last year until EastLink shows up at No. 6, after last year's No. 7 placement. Bell Canada and Telus round out the improvers. The only two ISPs from last year's top 10 that dropped their index score—that's a no-no—are TekSavvy (down to 12.9 from last year's 13.9) and MTS Allstream, which didn't even make the top 10 this year (it's at No. 11 with a 7.8). Back in the top 10 for this year is Distributel, a fibre-to-the-node provider, but its 8.8 index is actually down a bit from last year's 9.0.
WINNER: Fastest ISP in Canada
Bell Aliant
Owned by Canada's largest communications company (BCE, owner of Bell Canada), Bell Aliant went private last year and managed through all that to bring enough improvement to its network to be declared winner of our fastest ISP contest for 2015. Aliant was one of Canada's first fibre operators, bringing its FibreOP FttH service to areas of New Brunswick in 2009, continuing into Nova Scotia, Newfoundland and Labrador, and Prince Edward Island. That's obviously paid off.
Canadian Provinces with the Fastest Internet
Canada has 10 provinces and three territories, but our results only show eight of the provinces due to our strict need to have at least 50 tests per each ISP. And some of those remote spots simply don't have the user base. For example, the Nunavut territory has 1.9 million square kilometers, but a population of only 36,600 as of the last census in 2014.
Thus, it's no surprise that those eight lower provinces make up our list (neither Prince Edward Island nor Newfoundland and Labrador had enough response, either). What might be surprising is who leads in speed. It's the maritime eastern block of Nova Scotia and New Brunswick, with a 50.9 and 48.9 PCMag Speed Index, respectively. This is all buoyed by our top-speed ISP above, Bell Aliant.
Third place goes to Alberta with a 26.9. From there, the speeds only go down until you find Manitoba in last place with 7.9.
If you're wondering which ISP is actually the fastest in those provinces, we've got enough tests to show you the top players in six of them, with the index number they hit in each.
Nova Scotia : Bell Aliant59.2
: Bell Aliant59.2 Ontario : Rogers Cable41.7
: Rogers Cable41.7 Alberta : Shaw Communications36.7
: Shaw Communications36.7 British Columbia : Shaw Communications25.0
: Shaw Communications25.0 Quebec : Videotron19.0
: Videotron19.0 Manitoba: MTS Allstream7.5
(Hey, Saskatchewanians and New Brunswickerstake more Speedtests!)
Canadian Cities with the Fastest Internet
If you're a Canadian who gets to pick where you live based entirely on the potential for Internet speeds...can I be your intern? Also, let me tell you exactly where you want to live: Dartmouth, Nova Scotia. This urban community at the core of Halifax sports an astounding average PCMag Speed Index across all its ISPs of 186.1. That's because of the strong presence of Bell Aliant connections in the area. The next closest town we had enough tests for is Richmond Hill, Ontario, north of Torontoonce Canada's fastest-growing communitywith a 42.0.
As for the fastest ISPs in the major cities of Canada, here's a quick take of the fastest ISPs we saw in the metro areas, with respective PCMag Speed Indices:
Toronto, ON : Rogers Cable52.2
: Rogers Cable52.2 Montreal, QC : Videotron26.0
: Videotron26.0 Ottawa, ON : Rogers Cable33.7
: Rogers Cable33.7 Halifax, NS : Bell Aliant12.8
: Bell Aliant12.8 Winnipeg, MB : MTS Allstream7.4
: MTS Allstream7.4 Edmonton, AB : Shaw Communications41.2
: Shaw Communications41.2 Calgary, AB: Shaw Communications37.1
It's possible that a faster ISP is present in a city that didn't make our results. If you think your ISP is one, make sure to take our PCMag Speedtest.
Your daily dose of news and tidbits from the world of money in politics:
JUDD GREGG JOINS GOLDMAN SACHS: Former Sen. Judd Gregg (R-N.H.) is joining Wall Street giant Goldman Sachs, reports Politico‘s Chris Frates. The New Hampshire Republican, who retired in November after 18 years in the Senate, joins the prestigious — and politically powerful — firm as one of the firm's 17 international advisers.
The post is the second in which Gregg, a former member of the Senate Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs Committee , will bring his extensive experience with the intersection between banking issues, politics and policy to the private sector. It was first announced last month that Gregg would be joined InterContinentalExchange Inc , an American finance company that operates a commodity-based online marketplace, as a member of the board of directors.
According to a Goldman Sachs press release , Gregg's new duties will include providing “strategic advice” to Goldman Sachs and its clients, as well as help improve “business development.”
But one key question about Gregg's new gigs — as Frates, in addition to Michael Smallberg of the Project on Government Oversight , have asked — remains: Will his work for either group include lobbying? According to Senate rules, Gregg is barred from lobbying members or staffers in the Senate. But Gregg would be permitted to lobby his former colleagues in the House of Representatives, for example. During Gregg's time in the Senate, the securities and investment industry was a major contributor to Gregg's campaign. People and political action committees associated with the industry donated more than $241,000 to his campaign committee and leadership PAC. Goldman Sachs was a frequent contributor to Gregg's campaign committee, offering up $13,000 from its PAC to the senator's re-election committee during his career. Gregg, who opposed President Barack Obama's Wall Street reform bill passed last year, has also taken heat from groups like POGO for joining up two new firms that also lobbied hard to weaken that legislation.
click to enlarge Photo via Palm Beach Post
Police were called to the Jimmy John's sandwich shop at 330 Clematis Street around 10 p.m. and met with Visconti, who appeared agitated and aggressive while complaining that he “hadn't got his sandwich that he paid for,” the report said. Officers observed that Visconti was intoxicated.
The store manager had a cut on the bridge of his nose after being punched by Visconti, the report said.
While police were gathering information, Visconti allegedly began walking away east on Clematis Street. Told that he had to remain while the investigation continued, Visconti said, “[Expletive] that. Why am I going back?”
Visconti, 22, allegedly elbowed and kicked at two officers before being handcuffed, the report said. He also wedged himself between two palm trees and had to be placed in leg hobbles after he continued kicking at the officers.
Before going to jail, Visconti was taken to a local hospital to treat facial abrasions sustained during his struggle with police, the report said.
Boca Raton resident Mathew James Visconti, a man who enjoys an efficiently prepared submarine sandwich after a long night of drinking, was arrested Saturday night after punching a Jimmy John's employee in the face for not making his sub " Freaky Fast " enough.The Palm Beach Post has the full story:Visconti was released Sunday from the Palm Beach County Jail on a $6,000 bond and faces charges of battery of an officer and disorderly intoxication. No word on whether or not he ever got the sandwich that he paid for.
I got this in 2012 when it came out and as my first adventure into the Assassin's Creed franchise, I was surprised at how in depth it was.
The first thing I noticed was how I could de-clutter the screen. I moved all the on screen HUD to the GamePad screen and it really helps with the immersion aspect. This version looks better than the Xbox 360 & PS3 versions and plays fairly smoothly. It also boasted free multi-player, but now in 2018 you'll be lucky to find anyone to play against & I never dip into multiplayer.
You have your single player story which is good (Black Flag is better) but to really get the most out of it, you need to really explore everything you have available. Finding craftsmen & upgrading them is key to making alot of money quickly in this. You can find their "recipes" to help them build new items all over the game world by doing various things (opening chests, collecting Almanac pages etc). Then there's the combat side. Apparently naval warfare was new but I was hooked on this. This was a great addition and strangely satisfying and addictive - this was a major selling point for Black Flag if not an excellent demo. On top of this Ubisoft added hunting. This is well thought out with different areas having different wildlife to hunt, but how you kill your prey matters as if you use the wrong weapon then you will damage your rewards which results in less money.
There is also Add on Content available from the Nintendo eShop which is also very good. It's certainly different to the main story and is set in an episodic format and in an alternate timeline.
Overall, this was a great game but hampered by the sporadic missions set in the present time and slow beginning. The American Revolution setting works well and the main character is decent enough.
There's a food truck handing out free sweets in SF... if you can find it.
United Airlines is parking their food truck around San Francisco and handing out free food to promote their new route from SFO to Munich. United Airlines is parking their food truck around San Francisco and handing out free food to promote their new route from SFO to Munich. Photo: United Airlines Photo: United Airlines Image 1 of / 24 Caption Close There's a food truck handing out free sweets in SF... if you can find it. 1 / 24 Back to Gallery
San Franciscans love their food trucks. When the food is free, that's even better.
United Airlines is hoping to use that love to drum up interest in their new route from San Francisco to Munich.
Through August 13, United's food truck will be parked at one of three locations starting at 11 a.m. every day. You'll be able to find the truck in SoMa along Brannan Street, in the Financial District somewhere on Sansome Street, or in Mission Bay on Mission Bay Boulevard North.
The airline won't announce the food truck's exact location, so you'll have to be on the lookout in those neighborhoods if you're looking for a free bite to eat.
But don't come too hungry, the truck isn't serving up a full menu: They'll be handing out horseshoe almond and apple crumb cakes, to give people a taste of German desserts.
"It's a sweet way to give our customers a little insight into a cool destination, which will hopefully spark their interest to travel there," United spokesperson Maddie King told SFGATE.
San Francisco isn't the only place the airline is treating to free food. United also has a food truck roaming the streets of New York City. The truck there is serving rugelach and black and white cookies to promote a new route from Newark to Tel Aviv. That truck is also serving dulce de leche doughnuts and coconut cream pineapple doughnuts for a flight to Buenos Aires, and even more doughnuts (cherry and "yuzu" lemon zest flavors) celebrating the airline's flights to Tokyo, according to the Chicago Business Journal.
United's new seasonal route between SFO and Munich leaves daily on a Boeing 787 Dreamliner and is the first time the airline has flown nonstop between the two cities.
Read Alix Martichoux's latest stories and send her news tips at amartichoux@sfchronicle.com.
When the gnomes moved into a Pennsylvania state park, the children in town begged their parents to take them there.
Hikers had begun spotting the whimsical dwellings along the footpaths of Little Buffalo State Park, northwest of Harrisburg, in early December. As word spread on social media and in a local news broadcast, more and more families came, some traveling two or three hours.
But the fun was to be short lived. The smurf-like village was dismantled this week after state officials, citing the surge of visitors, declared it unwelcome, in a move that has generated outrage well beyond the park's small-town setting by the Juniata River.
“We don't really think it's a state park kind of thing,” Jason Baker, the park's manager, said. “We like to have more visitors. We like having people come here. But the experience we're trying to give is a natural, ecological experience.”
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Twitter has launched a new feature today allowing users to enter their birthdate and, in exchange they get a shower of animated balloons on their special day.
But there's another reason behind the move: The extra information will help the micro-blogging site determine which adverts to show you.
Last week, Twitter brought in audience insights for brands that let them choose which users they want to aim their adverts at: students, professionals, etc. The extra birthday information will help refine this process even further.
Despite boasting millions of active users – and several thousand nasty trolls - Twitter hasn't yet found a way to make a profit from its audience.
The company recently dismissed its CEO Dick Costolo who had promised to reform some of the social network's more distasteful aspects. The company is currently headed by co-founder Jack Dorsey while it searches for a replacement who will, presumably, prioritise making money for the company's shareholders.
A promising avenue to explore is harvesting users for more information in order to sell advertisements to them. So far, so Facebook.
If you do decide to give the site your birthday, you can select whether the information is public, open to your followers or simply for your eyes only. But regardless of which setting you choose, Uncle Twitter will still know and will still be able to use the information for marketing.
The company admits as such in its support database where it admits that it will use your birthday “to show you more relevant content, including ads”.
But then again, think of all those animated balloons and “Happy Birthday” tweets you can look forward to receiving.
Those combination locks you pick up for a few bucks at the office supply store have never been the epitome of security — but in recent weeks, they've taken a beating.
A few weeks ago, Samy Kamkar — the endlessly clever gent behind the USB necklace that'll hack your computer and the self-title Samy virus that devastated MySpace back in the day — demonstrated a way to crack a Master Lock by hand in just a few minutes.
Now he's back with a robot that does all the hard work for you:
(If you just want to see the lock get owned in a heartbeat, skip to 0:25 or so in the video above)
Effectively an automated version of the manual process he detailed weeks ago, Samy's Combo Breaker is a witch's brew of geeky goodness: a stepper motor to spin the dial, a servo motor to tug the lock to see if it's open yet, a 3D printed harness to hold everything in place, and an Arduino to handle all the math and tell the motors what they should be doing.
So is it time to throw out all of your combination locks? To be honest, probably not — at least, not if you weren't looking to ditch them already. As noted right off the bat, these combination locks have never been all that great; they're enough to keep casual lookie-loos from poking through your locker or desk drawer, but they're effectively tissue paper to anyone who knows what they're doing and/or owns a big hammer.
If you're using one of these spinners to keep someone looking to borrow a pen from accidentally opening the drawer with all of your Harry Potter fanfic, whatever; if you're using it to protect trade secrets and launch codes, though, you… probably want to reconsider your security options.
Buzzfeed Canada's senior editor Scaachi Koul has a lot of explaining to do after tweeting that while they were hiring, the company would “particularly like to hear from you if you are not white and not male.”
When Koul received criticism for her Tweets and race-base hiring practices, she proceeded to fight back.
“IF YOU'RE A WHITE MAN UPSET THAT WE ARE LOOKING MOSTLY FOR NON-WHITE NON-MEN I DON'T CARE ABOUT YOU GO WRITE FOR MACLEAN'S,” she said.
2. @BuzzFeedCanada would particularly like to hear from you if you are not white and not male. — Scaachi (@Scaachi) February 18, 2016
8. Last thing:
IF YOU'RE A WHITE MAN UPSET THAT WE ARE LOOKING MOSTLY FOR NON-WHITE NON-MEN
I DON'T CARE ABOUT YOU
GO WRITE FOR MACLEAN'S — Scaachi (@Scaachi) February 18, 2016
Koul added that while white men can pitch reports, she is looking for 'diversity'.
“White men are still permitted to pitch, I will read it, I will consider it. I'm just less interested because, ugh, men,” she said.
“Women, minorities, non-binary, queer, trans*, aboriginal people are still my first priority,” she added.
She then proceeded to go off the deep end...
giving
ignored
voices
preferential
treatment
is not
racism
against
white people
it is
an attempt
to fix
all
of
h i s t o r y — Scaachi (@Scaachi) February 18, 2016
As of four hours ago, Koul tweeted a picture saying “you owe these pale demons nothing.”
Can you imagine the backlash if a media outlet's senior editor tweeted out that they were mainly looking for white males?
MAYBE Brendan Dassey would be a free man if we knew then what we know now.
Dassey, 25, was convicted of the Wisconsin murder and sexual assault of Teresa Halbach when he was 17.
The case, which was chronicled in the 10-part Netflix documentary seriesMaking a Murderer, was turned on its head when Dassey confessed to police his role in the brutal crime.
Dassey later retracted his confession, but it was too late. He was sentenced to life in prison with the earliest possible chance of parole in 2048, when he will be 58 years old.
His actions left viewers asking the question: Why would anybody admit to their part in a crime they did not commit? New research might finally have the answer.
‘DON'T PRESS THE ESCAPE KEY'
In a landmark study published this week in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, researchers have for the first time, they say, conclusively linked confessions with sleep deprivation.
They say severe exhaustion is the number one reason people make false confessions and they hope their paper will be cited in future court cases just like Brendan Dassey's.
According to New Scientist, false confessions play a role in 25 per cent of wrongful convictions in the United States. Lawrence Sherman, head of the Institute of Criminology at the University of Cambridge, says the new study is “a milestone”. So what did researchers do?
Steven Frendaa, Shari Berkowitzb, Elizabeth Loftusc and Kimberly Fenng used university students as guinea pigs in an experiment never tried before.
Eighty-eight participants from Michigan State University aged between 18-23 were asked to complete computer-based tasks across multiple sessions. They were repeatedly warned not to press the ‘Escape' key on their keyboard because doing so would interrupt the study.
In their final session, participants either slept all night in laboratory bedrooms or remained awake all night. In the morning, all participants were asked to sign a statement summarising their activities in the laboratory.
On the statement, all participants were accused of pressing the Escape key during an earlier session. After being asked once, the odds of confessing were 4.5 times higher for sleep-deprived participants than for those who slept soundly through the night. The waters were so muddied by their fatigue they were convinced they did something they never did.
The research will likely come as no great surprise to police, particularly in the US, where sleep deprivation has been used widely as an interview technique.
It's not the case elsewhere around the world, including in the UK, where it is illegal for police to interview people who have not had eight hours' sleep in the past 24 hours.
The tide is turning in the US where, in 2015, there were more exonerations (149) than in any other year. Those who had their convictions dropped had served on average 14.5 years in prison for a crime they didn't commit, according to The National Registry of Exonerations.
4AM CONFESSION LANDS INNOCENT MAN IN JAIL
Damon Thibodeaux knows what it's like to confess to a crime he didn't commit.
The Louisiana native spent 15 years on death row after confessing to the rape and murder of his 14-year-old cousin, Crystal Champagne, in 1996. He did so despite having nothing to do with it.
In 2012, following an appeals process supported by The Innocence Project, Thibodeaux was released. DNA evidence cleared him, at which time the spotlight shone directly on the police who elicited a false confession.
Detectives were convinced the then-22-year-old was guilty. They told him he was lying when he protested his innocence. Then they began describing what would happen to him if he kept lying.
Detectives described to him in detail what would happen to his body if he was given the lethal injection, according to The Guardian.
“They described to me death by lethal injection: organs collapsing, the brain shutting down, extreme pain. That's what they said would happen to me if I didn't give them what they wanted.”
So he did. He caved, but when he caved it was 4am and he'd been without meaningful sleep for 35 hours. It followed nine hours of interrogations.
Michelle Murphy was another victim of America's justice system gone wrong. Murphy, 38, from Oklahoma, found her son's lifeless body on the kitchen floor of her home in 1994. The baby boy, just 15 weeks old, had been stabbed multiple times.
After hours of interrogations, Murphy was coerced into claiming she accidentally killed her baby when she knelt down to pick up a knife. In reality, an unknown male was responsible, according to DNA evidence.
The Innocence Project website declares Murphy confessed to the murder after hours of interrogation. Her false confession was not uncovered until 20 years later. In 2014, she was exonerated.
In 2015, 27 Americans were exonerated for convictions based on false confessions. Researchers hope their study will lead to more exonerations in the short term and a change in the way police interrogate suspects in the longer term.
“Depriving a suspect of sleep — whether intentionally as part of an interrogation strategy or incidentally as the result of a lengthy interrogation — may compromise the reliability of evidence obtained from an innocent suspect in an interrogation and put innocent suspects at increased risk,” the study's authors wrote.
“To this end, our findings provide an additional justification for the importance of videotaping all interrogations, thus providing judges, attorneys, experts, and jurors with additional opportunities to evaluate the probative value of any confession that is obtained.”
For the letter of the Ukrainian alphabet (Є є), see Ukrainian Ye
Ye (Е е; italics: Е е) is a letter of the Cyrillic script. In some languages this letter is called E.
It commonly represents the vowel [e] or [ɛ], like the pronunciation of ⟨e⟩ in "yes".
Ye is romanized using the Latin letter E.[1]
It was derived from the Greek letter epsilon (Ε ε).
Usage [ edit ]
Russian and Belarusian [ edit ]
At the beginning of a word or after a vowel, Ye represents the phonemic combination /je/ (phonetically [je] or [jɛ] ), like the pronunciation of ⟨ye⟩ in " ye s".
(phonetically or ), like the pronunciation of ⟨ye⟩ in " s". Following a consonant, Ye indicates that the consonant is palatalized, and represents the vowel /e/ (phonetically [e] or [ɛ] ), like the pronunciation of ⟨e⟩ in "yes".
Ukrainian uses the letter Ukrainian Ye (Є є) in this way.
In Russian, the letter ⟨е⟩ can follow unpalatalized consonants, especially ⟨ж⟩, ⟨ш⟩, and ⟨ц⟩. In some loanwords, other consonants before ⟨е⟩ (especially ⟨т⟩, ⟨д⟩, ⟨н⟩, ⟨с⟩, ⟨з⟩, and ⟨р⟩) are also not palatalized, see E (Cyrillic). The letter ⟨е⟩ also represents /jo/ (as in "yogurt") and /o/ after palatalized consonants, ⟨ж⟩, and ⟨ш⟩. In these cases, ⟨ё⟩ may be used, see Yo (Cyrillic). In unstressed syllables, ⟨e⟩ represents reduced vowels like [ɪ], see Russian phonology and Vowel reduction in Russian.
Bulgarian, Macedonian, Serbian, and Ukrainian [ edit ]
This letter is called E, and represents the vowel phoneme /e/ (phonetically [e] or [ɛ]), like the pronunciation of ⟨e⟩ in the word "set".
Related letters and other similar characters [ edit ]
Computing codes [ edit ]
Character Е е Unicode name CYRILLIC CAPITAL LETTER IE CYRILLIC SMALL LETTER IE Encodings decimal hex Unicode 1045 U+0415 1077 U+0435 UTF-8 208 149 D0 95 208 181 D0 B5 Numeric character reference Е Е е е KOI8-R and KOI8-U 229 E5 197 C5 Code page 855 169 A9 168 A8 Windows-1251 197 C5 229 E5 ISO-8859-5 181 B5 213 D5 Macintosh Cyrillic 133 85 229 E5
Notes [ edit ]
^ "Ye" is sometimes also transliterated as ⟨ie⟩ or ⟨ye⟩.
Lanette Holmes had grown accustomed to waiting for her husband, Shabaka Shakur. He had spent the past 27 years in prison for a murder he insisted he did not commit, based largely on a confession that a judge ruled last week bore a “reasonable probability” of having been fabricated by a detective now accused of using rogue tactics to make his cases.
Her wait ended early Monday, after a judge ordered a new trial for Mr. Shakur, and the Brooklyn district attorney's office moved to dismiss the indictment against him.
Although the judge last Thursday ordered that Mr. Shakur be released, a clerical blunder delayed his freedom and kept him in the Shawagunk Correctional Facility over the weekend. “I wanted to climb over that gate to get him,” Ms. Holmes said. However belated and simple, the meal of roast turkey and French fries that the couple shared at the Alexis Diner in Newburgh for lunch on Monday was a celebration of the life Mr. Shakur had imagined every day he spent behind bars.
In 1989, a jury found Mr. Shakur guilty of a double homicide based on evidence amassed by a now retired detective, Louis Scarcella, whose credibility and investigative methodology were called into question in a 2013 examination by The New York Times.
Shane Victorino to Detroit Hecklers: “I'll Make You My Bitch” (Video + GIF)
Video Playback Not Supported
Heckling is a time-honored sports tradition, and nowhere has this ancient art been refined and perfected as well as in the bleachers at a major league baseball game, where you will find the perfect storm of creativity and vulgarity.
Normally, of course, the players are pretty good at zoning out and not paying much attention to the fans. However, when things aren't going well, then the voices start to creep in, and that's when confrontations happen.
Case in point: Red Sox right fielder Shane Victorino last night in Detroit. His team was having a pretty rough go of it, down 5-0 after two innings and 7-2 by the bottom of the seventh. So the Flyin' Hawaiian was pretty frustrated and just not in the mood to take sh*t from the bleacher creatures. And that led to this confrontation after Victorino made a nice running grab on a drive off the bat of Miguel Cabrera:
Luckily for you, I happen to be an expert at reading lips. Thus, I can tell you with full confidence that he told the fans, “I'll make you my bitch!”
Okay, fine. I can't read his lips. But I know that's what he said because FOX's magical microphones picked up the audio. See:
Be cool, Shane. There's a lot of baseball left to play.
Tags:
Share This
A ruptured disc in Rob Gronkowski's back could mean the season is over for the New England Patriots tight end, who will have surgery tomorrow to repair the injury, according to a statement released by the Patriots and the Gronkowski family.
“We do not expect that he will be able to play for the remainder of the 2016 season, but will await the results of tomorrow's surgery before making a final determination,” the statement read.
The injury is expected to keep Gronkowski out for eight weeks, according to Vic Carucci of the Buffalo News, which does put the tight end in jeopardy of missing the remainder of the season.
Gronkowksi, 27, has suffered from back problems in the past and missed the entire 2009 season due to back surgery when he was a junior with the Arizona Wildcats. He elected to enter the 2010 NFL draft anyway, where he was selected by the Patriots in the second round.
He missed time during the 2013 season due to another back surgery, making his latest surgery the third time he has undergone repairs to discs in his back.
The tight end started the season by missing the first two weeks due to a hamstring injury, but returned in Week 3. In a four-week span in October, Gronkowski tallied 21 receptions for 473 yards and three touchdowns, but suffered a chest injury when he was hit by Earl Thomas of the Seattle Seahawks in Week 10.
Earl Thomas with the BOOM on Gronk. pic.twitter.com/ySkzHW9aeM — uSTADIUM (@uSTADIUM) November 14, 2016
After missing Week 11, Gronkowski returned in Week 12 but left in the first quarter with a back injury that ruled him out for the rest of the day. However, it wasn't deemed serious after the game.
The Patriots were confident enough in the quick return of Gronkowski, that third-string quarterback Jacoby Brissett was given the designation to return from injured reserve, meaning Gronkowski will have to remain on the active roster if New England hopes for him to return, but they don't seem optimistic.
“Rob has always been one of our hardest workers and was voted captain for the leadership he provides on our team,” the team's statement about Gronkowski's surgery read. “We are deeply saddened any time a player is lost to injury. We are committed to assisting Rob throughout his recovery and look forward to his return to playing football for the New England Patriots.”
With five weeks left to play, Gronkowski will certainly miss the rest of the regular season. It's possible he could return late in the postseason, but the Patriots will have to advance without him.
If Gronkowski misses eight full weeks, he'd miss the AFC Championship and be ready in time for Super Bowl LI.
The Patriots acquired tight end Martellus Bennett from the Chicago Bears in March via trade, and he's been a productive part of the New England offense with 540 yards and four touchdowns.
Pokémon Go has obviously exploded in popularity in the past week, basically taking over the internet and the lives of everybody who downloads the app – and already it looks like the game's developer Niantic has plans to ramp up the massive commercial potential of the app.
Web sleuths peaking through the game's code have discovered what looks to be the first signs of sponsorship deals buried in the app, with a reference to global burger chain McDonald's being discovered by Australian student Manu Gill.
"In /assets/bin/data/managed/metadata, I found a file that looked like it was promising," Gill told Bryan Menegus at Gizmodo, after decompiling the Android version of Pokémon Go.
"So I opened it in a hex editor. The first chunk was garbage, but I eventually got to a bunch of strings. I just searched things until I got things that were promising, for instance, I searched sponsor and partnership and got to the McDonald's string set."
You can see the code below:
Screenshot from Manu Gill's website.
Gill isn't the only one sifting through the game's code to find what's hidden there, with other users on Reddit claiming to have found evidence of potential sponsorship arrangements involving the game, such as a McDonald's logo located in the game's image assets.
"Based off what I've found it looks like they're going to hold a promo with McDonald's which'll turn them into all gyms," one of the Redditors, NeoProfessorWillow, told Gizmodo.
If these coders' speculation is correct, it's the first signs of what could turn out to be a major change in the way the game works – although, admittedly, a change that we had fair warning was coming.
While the free-to-play game makes money through optional in-app purchases in the form of PokéCoins, the game's developer, US-based Niantic – which is backed by both Nintendo and Google – has been upfront about how sponsorship deals would become part of the app. And specifically sponsored locations – which would entice players to visit real-world places as part of the game.
"There is a second component to our business model at Niantic, which is this concept of sponsored locations," Niantic's CEO John Hanke told the Financial Times, and the company's former game, Ingress – on which Pokémon Go's gameplay is largely based – used a similar monetisation ploy.
But while the idea – like augmented reality itself – isn't particularly new, in light of Pokémon Go's insane popularity, this way of attracting consumers to visit brands and businesses could become way more significant now.
"With this kind of ads, the physical location of the retail partner becomes an active location in the game so there are incentives for users in the game to visit those locations," Hanke explained to Emanuel Maiberg at Kill Screen back in 2014.
"It's in the early stages for that kind of business model but I think it's a very promising one. Retailers want store traffic. They want consumers to be aware of where their locations are. They want consumers to be engaged with them, and I think these games are a powerful tool for that."
But will this strategy end up changing the experience of playing the game? Sounds like the world is about to find out.
This is an extremely remote road, leading 666 km east almost to Labrador, with no settlements or towns aside from Hydro Quebec's settlements for workers (these are private and are not open to the public - they will kick you out). At the far end you will be 745 km from the nearest town! This is the farthest you can get from a town on a road anywhere in North America! You should definitely travel this road only in a reliable vehicle with good tires. It is not a rough road; passenger vehicles can drive it, but it is gravel. Vehicle breakdowns here can be very costly. Flat tires can be a serious (and expensive) incident if your tires are damaged. You could be looking at having tires flown in on a non-scheduled flight - there are no convenient "tire stores" up here! The speed limit for the first 395 km is 80 km/h. Past that point it is 70 km/h due to the narrower road surface. This road is unpaved for its entire length. Slow down and pull to the right when oncoming vehicles are approaching. Many drivers are considerate enough to do likewise. But there is the occasional idiot who will not. In this case, slowing down almost to a stop and pulling off to the far right will help to preserve your windshield. Be careful to avoid the temptation of hugging the inside of curves when the inside of the curve is not on your side. Conversely, watch out for others coming at you around curves on the wrong side of the road. Some drivers take a chance that there's no one coming as they go around curves, because there's so little traffic on this road. There are scary stories of people blowing all four tires along this road, and having to have new tires flown in on an unscheduled flight to one of the airstrips (VERY expensive!). However, having driven the entire length of the road and back in an ordinary automobile and having no problems whatsoever, I offer the following commonsense tips to help you prevent flat tires and blowouts: Be alert and watch out for the larger stones that litter parts of the road. It's these that will blow your tires if you hit them at a high enough speed. Steer around them.
Observe the speed limit. This will enable you to better watch for and avoid these larger stones. And should you hit one it won't do as much damage at a slower speed.
In particular watch out for the sharper stones.
Where the road is rougher, slow down. Where the road surface is really smooth, you could get away with going faster, but you should still be on the lookout for the rogue larger stone in the road.
Ensure your vehicle is equipped with relatively new tires, that have lots of tread left on them.
Don't overload your vehicle. A heavy vehicle or one that is overloaded will be more likely to experience blowouts.
Please keep in mind that many modern SUVs are not designed for rough road conditions - they're designed for where they are used 99% of the time: paved city streets and highways. The section from Brisay (km 582) to Caniapiscau (km 666) is rougher and a 4-wheel drive vehicle is recommended by Hydro Quebec. The main reason for this is the very coarse gravel used for this road - there are large rocks littering the road surface. However, I have heard from people who have driven this road in ordinary passenger cars and they say it is fine. You do have to keep your eyes open for the larger rocks though. The road is open year-round, however, it gets VERY cold up there in the winter (-40 degrees C), so if you go in the winter, or even the fall or spring, be prepared. In the summer it can get just as hot as down south. See the Weather pages. There are very few rest areas and campgrounds. There are none past km 203. This is a working, practical road, not a tourist road. This truly is a *VERY* remote road. Do not approach a trip along it lightly! This is not one of those "cover-my-butt" warnings. It's real. Although this is a modern gravel road, it is nevertheless a very remote road with very little traffic. Please read the cautions below before traveling on this road. If you are wondering if it is possible to drive east from the end of the Trans-Taiga Road to Labrador, read this page (it's not).
⊗
1. Why did you visit our website today? * Find out more about Freeview
Get Freeview
Find out about Freeview products
Browse TV Guide
Build TV Package
Get support
Read news
Sign up to Freeview newsletter
Other (please describe why you visited our website today):
2. How easy was it for you to complete your task? * Please select 5 - Very easy 4 3 - Neither difficult nor easy 2 1 - Very difficult
3. How would you rate your overall satisfaction with our website? * Please select 5 - Extremely satisfied 4 3 - Neither satisfied nor dissatisfied 2 1 - Not at all satisfied
4. How can we improve our website? *
5. What TV service do you use most in your household? * Sky
Virgin
Freeview
Youview
Freesat
BT
Other (please state which TV service you use most in your household)
De'Naye Washington, 17, has died from injuries she suffered after being sexually assaulted in her home
A 17-year-old who was sexually assaulted in her home has died from injuries she suffered in the brutal attack.
De'Naye Washington was sleeping inside her home in Detroit on January 7 when her attacker burst through the window, battered over the head and sexually assaulted her.
The high school senior spent days fighting for her life in hospital, but died yesterday.
Police have named Darian Winfield, 19, as a person of interest in the attack.
De'Naye's aunt, Terri Washington, told Fox 2 Detroit that her niece's death - which is now being treated as murder - was 'senseless'.
'It's crazy and she is just a baby,' Ms Washington said. 'She got hit six times and her brain was swollen so much, there was nothing they could do - they tried everything.'
GeNaye's sister, Shaquetta, added: 'I just want to know why would you do that to her. What did she do to you why would you target her?
'She's so loving just like a big kid we were sitting here playing Uno the day before it happened.'
Police sources told the news station that fingerprints found inside the home link Winfield to the scene.
Investigators have taken DNA samples and are awaiting results.
Winfield is already being held in jail on a $1million bond after being arrested last week. He is suspected of sexually assaulting another woman in Detroit on December 13, Georgia Newsday reported.
De'Naye Washington (left) was sleeping inside her home in Detroit when her attacker - who police believe was Darian Winfield (right) - burst through the window, battered over the head and sexually assaulted her
He is also accused of breaking into another house on the same street as DeNaye's home on December 30, before allegedly stabbing a 39-year-old woman in the chest with the intent of sexually assaulting her.
James Craig, from Detroit Police Department, said: 'In one incident we know he was armed with what appeared to be a kitchen knife. In the most recent incident, blunt force trauma. We don't know what weapon may have been used.'
Winfield is yet to be charged following DeNaye's murder.
His family claim he is innocent, with his mother, Anita Pace, telling the Detroit News: 'It's not him. They have the wrong person'.
The Ladakh road trip with Happy Journey was just a random spontaneous trip plan, little did I know it would be the most amazing trip of my life! Initially it was 4 of us who went together, and were joined by 4 other people and Vikas, the group leader, everyone vibed so well so soon right since day one, which was amazing. All the stays which were, Manali, Sarchu, Leh, Nubra, Pangong, Kargil, Srinagar were so good that we did not experience any sought of discomfort , infact the location & hotel room view was surreal. Also the tent stay at Pangong and Nubra was so nice and comfortable & was actually my favourite stay. Vikas, our group leader, was very helping and friendly, he was very considerate and made sure none of us face any kind of discomfort. We were four girls in the group and our safety and comfort was also taken care of. Ladakh no doubt is a very beautiful place, something that cannot be described in words but a special Thank you to happy journey & thanks Vikas for making this trip such a memorable experience. Definitely looking forward to more trips with Happy Journey.
Videos of ISIS militants destroying priceless artifacts and world heritage sites have sparked a new level of outrage around the world.
This week, Iraqi officials reported that ISIS bulldozed parts of the ancient city of Khorsabad. The revered sites of Nineveh, Nimrud and Hatra - all of which are either designated or nominated to be UNESCO World Heritage sites - have been attacked by the caliphate. Above, you can listen to Brent Bambury's interview with Amr Al-Azm, who is working with a group dubbed the Syria's Monuments Men. They are an anonymous group of archaeologists, curators and activists who tread into dangerous territory to document what's been lost and try to preserve sites in danger. Below is a list of some of what's been lost.
Ten historical sites destroyed by ISIS and why they matter
1. Khorsabad
Ancient Assyrian site of Khorsabad (Dun Sharrukin), founded by Sargon II. (Getty Images/Lonely Planet Images)
2,700 year-old-city in northeastern Iraq, known for its colossal statues of winged bulls with human heads.
Known damage: Iraqi antiquities director Qais Rasheed told Reuters: "The city walls were razed, and some elements of the temples, but we don't know the exact extent (of the damage). Looting took place, and then the razing,"
Why it matters: Assyrian King Sargon II built his palace here between 717 and 706 BC. Paint was still preserved, as was written documentation about how its construction was organized. Some of the carvings of the winged bulls were shipped to Europe and the US in the 19th century, but experts say they were only a fraction of the artifacts at the site.
2. Assyrian Lion Statues
These lions were seated at the entrance gate of Arslan Tash. Both lions were destroyed after they were bulldozed in April 2014. (Heritage for Peace) (Heritage for Peace)
Originally from the ArslanTash archaeological site near Aleppo in Syria, they'd been moved to Raqqa city centre in the 1980s.
Known damage: Destroyed by bulldozer
Why they matter: The statues date to the 8th century and were seated at the entrance gate of Arslan Tash, which was conquered by the Assyrians in 9th century BC and had been part of an Iron Age kingdom.
3. The winged bulls at Nineveh
(Getty Images)
Standing at the Nergal Gate at Ninevah for nearly 3,000 years, near Mosul, Iraq.
Known damage: at least partially damaged by power tools
Why they matter: Also known as "lamassu", the winged bulls date to the early 7th century BC and guarded a principal gateway to the ancient Assyrian capital of Nineveh. Other winged bull statues still exist, but it was rare that they'd remain in-situ (as opposed to being relocated to museums) as these did at the Nergal Gate. According to UNESCO, Nineveh "was one of the most important cultural centres in the ancient world enjoying a prominent role in the field of developing human civilization, in that it was the greatest metropolis where various branches of arts and learning originated."
4. Mosque of The Prophet Younis (Jonah's Tomb)
People walk on the rubble of the destroyed Mosque of The Prophet Younis, or Jonah, in Mosul, 225 miles (360 kilometers) northwest of Baghdad, Iraq. (AP Photo, File) (The Associated Press)
Located in Mosul, Iraq, near the walls of Nineveh.
Known damage: destroyed
Why it matters: Believed to be the burial place of the prophet Jonah, who was swallowed by a whale in stories from both the Bible and the Koran. It was built on an archaeological site dating back to 8th century BC and attracted religious pilgrims from multiple faiths around the world.
5. Sufi Shrines
Destroyed Sufi Shrine (Heritage for Peace)
Located in the Aleppo countryside in Syria.
Known damage: many destroyed
Why they matter: Sufi shrines are the tombs of Sufi saints. Shrines on the eastern Aleppo plateau have been destroyed, including the tomb of Meqam Shiekh Aqil al Manbaj, an important Muslim mystic. Tombs along the road to Najim Castle as well as in front of the castle have been destroyed and those part of archaeological Tells north of Aleppo have been bombed.
6. Nimrud
Egyptian Winged Genius. Ivory artefact from Nimrud, Iraq. Assyrian civilization, 8th Century BC. (Getty Images/DeAgostini)
The ruins of an ancient city located on the Tigris River just south of Mosul in Iraq.
Known damage: at least partially ruined by bulldozers and heavy military vehicles
Why it matters: Nimrud was founded in 13th century BC and was the capital of the neo-Assyrian empire. The site contains the palace of Ashurnasirpal, the king of Assyria, and large numbers of relics and statues still remained in their original locations. UNESCO condemned the attack as a "war crime."
7. Mosul museum
Islamic State militants take sledgehammers to an ancient artifact in the Ninevah Museum in Mosul, Iraq. (AP Photo via militant social media account) (AP)
Iraq's second-largest museum, located in Mosul, Iraq.
Known damage: the contents of at least two rooms were destroyed with sledgehammers and by other methods
Why it matters: The museum houses relics from the UNESCO World Heritage site of Hatra, as well as artifacts from Nineveh. Though experts say that at least some of the pieces destroyed were replicas, one treasure appears to have been lost, a 7th century winged bull that once stood at the gate to Nineveh
8. Hatra
The Great Temple of Hatra. (Getty Images/Lonely Planet Images)
2,300-year-old city south of Mosul, Iraq.
Known damage: looting; large statues destroyed or defaced; destruction of city itself underway
Why it matters: Hatra is a UNESCO World Heritage site. It consists of a well-preserved complex of temples that blend Hellenistic and Roman architecture with Eastern decorative features. Thanks to its high walls and towers, the city withstood invasions by the Romans in AD 116 and 198.
9. Mari
Sacred enclosure of Mari (Tell Hariri), Syria, Mesopotamian civilization, 3rd - 2nd millennium BC (Getty Images)
An ancient Bronze Age site located on the western bank of the Euphrates River near Syria's border with Iraq
Known damage: severely looted; satellite imagery shows over 1,200 pits dug into this once-intact site
Why it matters: Remains date back to 3000 BC. Large numbers of paintings and artifacts were discovered when archaeological digs began in the 1930s. But the site's greatest treasures are thought to be the thousands of clay tablets that describe the civilization's legal system, economy and diplomacy.
10. Tell Ajaja and Tell Brak
Photo of an artifact discovered during illegal excavation at Tell Ajaja archaeological site, and whose location is unknown. (Department of Antiquities of Hasaka; Heritage for Peace)
Ancient settlement mounds in northeastern Syria
Known damage: both looted and destroyed, according to experts
Why it matters: The sites contained large Assyrian statues and relics believed to be 3000 years old.
Ryan mentioned that Republicans will use an arcane process called “reconciliation” in order to defund the group, which allows lawmakers to bypass the regular legislative process on certain issues having to do with spending and taxes. This is exactly what House Republicans attempted to do last year when they tried to repeal Obamacare before President Obama stepped in to block it.
But there is already a law on the books that prevents federal funds from paying for abortions, known as the Hyde Amendment. Planned Parenthood only uses federal dollars to pay for routine health services, like cancer screenings, STI/HIV testings, and patient counseling. In other words, defunding Planned Parenthood would simply mean taking money away from providing low-cost pap smears, not abortions.
Republicans, of course, have been trying to strip federal funding for Planned Parenthood for years because the organization provides abortions, in addition to routine low-cost reproductive health services. Republicans shut down the government for more than two weeks in 2013 over the issue.
“With this bill, we are standing for life,” Ryan said at his first news conference of the year.
House Speaker Paul Ryan said Thursday that Republicans will seek to defund Planned Parenthood as part of their effort to dismantle the Affordable Care Act, or Obamacare.
Read more
House Speaker Paul Ryan said Thursday that Republicans will seek to defund Planned Parenthood as part of their effort to dismantle the Affordable Care Act, or Obamacare.
“With this bill, we are standing for life,” Ryan said at his first news conference of the year.
Republicans, of course, have been trying to strip federal funding for Planned Parenthood for years because the organization provides abortions, in addition to routine low-cost reproductive health services. Republicans shut down the government for more than two weeks in 2013 over the issue.
But there is already a law on the books that prevents federal funds from paying for abortions, known as the Hyde Amendment. Planned Parenthood only uses federal dollars to pay for routine health services, like cancer screenings, STI/HIV testings, and patient counseling. In other words, defunding Planned Parenthood would simply mean taking money away from providing low-cost pap smears, not abortions.
Ryan mentioned that Republicans will use an arcane process called “reconciliation” in order to defund the group, which allows lawmakers to bypass the regular legislative process on certain issues having to do with spending and taxes. This is exactly what House Republicans attempted to do last year when they tried to repeal Obamacare before President Obama stepped in to block it.
Republicans' effort to defund Planned Parenthood are likely to be helped by the incoming Donald Trump administration. President-elect Trump has said repeatedly he supports defunding the organization (despite acknowledging last year “millions of women are helped by Planned Parenthood”) because they provide abortions. He also signed a letter to anti-choice activists asking for their support and promising he would “defund Planned Parenthood as long as they continue to perform abortions” and vowed to appoint an anti-choice Supreme Court justice.
Democrats slammed Ryan's proposal.
“This is a priority for the Republicans, so I just would like to speak individually to women across America,”said House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi Thursday afternoon, according to CNN. “This is about respect for you, for your judgment about your personal decisions in terms of your reproductive needs, the size and timing of your family or the rest, not to be determined by the insurance company or by the Republican ideological right-wing caucus in the House of Representatives.”
Follow Olivia Becker on Twitter: @oliviaLBecker
Election officials take part in the eighth count on the second day of the general election tabulation in the Royal Dublin Society on Feb. 28. (Clodagh Kilcoyne/Reuters)
The United States isn't the only country in which, despite an economic recovery, the political system is being turned upside down by an anti-establishment public mood. Voters in Ireland appear similarly disenchanted, to judge from the general election held at the end of February, which resulted in an unprecedentedly fragmented Dáil Éireann (the Irish Parliament). After ten weeks of negotiations, a minority government finally looks set to enter office, but its rule is expected to be short-lived.
Unlike the United States, Ireland doesn't have nuclear weapons. Nor (unlike elsewhere in Europe) was there ever any threat that someone as colorful as Donald Trump would become Taoiseach (prime minister). But seen as the latest in a series in the austerity-hit euro-zone periphery, the election's result should worry anybody in Brussels, Frankfurt or Berlin who is concerned about the euro zone's long-term political sustainability.
Irish politics are especially unusual
Every country is unique in its own way, of course, but Irish politics have always been especially unusual by the standards of Western democracies.
The party system has traditionally been defined not by a contest between left and right but between the winners and losers of the brief but bitter civil war that ended in 1923, immediately after independence from Britain. Fianna Fáil (“the soldiers of destiny”) lost that conflict. Nevertheless, the party went on to dominate Irish politics, remaining the largest party for nearly 80 years, until 2011. That's when it suffered defeat at the hands of Fine Gael (“tribe of the Gaels”), its historic rival, and the successor to the winners of the 1923 civil war.
So what's the difference between them? Fianna Fáil is traditionally the more nationalistic. Otherwise, ideological differences have been small and inconsistent, with each party sometimes slightly to the left and sometimes slightly to the right of its rival, but essentially rooted close to the center. Political scientists would call them “catch-all parties.”
While Fine Gael has always had a more affluent electorate (and even has roots in the closest thing Ireland had to a fascist movement), it has also always had to rely on the support of the center-left Labour Party (the “half-party” in what was once known as a “two-and-a-half party system”) to reach a governing majority.
The Irish economy is in recovery mode
Thus it was a Fine Gael-Labour coalition that swept into power in 2011. Fianna Fáil was punished for presiding over the devastating recession Ireland had suffered since 2008. Fianna Fáil lost more than half its electorate and was overtaken (for the first time) not only by Fine Gael but also by Labour.
On the surface, that coalition had grounds to be optimistic about its 2016 electoral prospects. In 2013, the country exited the humiliating “troika” (International Monetary Fund, European Commission and European Central Bank) bailout it had been forced into in 2010 when the international markets refused to fund Ireland's ballooning fiscal deficit. Austerity budgeting came to an end just in time for the election. GDP growth (admittedly not the most reliable metric in Ireland) has returned to levels reminiscent of the “Celtic Tiger” boom years. And unemployment is down to below 9 percent, a drop from more than 15 in 2012.
We can question whether Ireland's faithful implementation of the euro-zone authorities' austerity formula caused its economic resurrection. Nevertheless, Ireland served as the perfect poster child to contrast with more troublesome troika clients such as Greece. This election was therefore virtually a “best-case scenario” for testing the political sustainability of economic adjustment within the euro zone. One could argue that virtue — or at least staying the painful course of “fiscal correction” — was rewarded in the end.
But Irish voters weren't happy
The only problem is the Irish electorate didn't seem to buy this narrative.
Instead, the ruling coalition suffered a defeat almost as resounding as that dealt to Fianna Fáil in 2011. Fine Gael/Labour were left with roughly a third of the seats, down from more than two-thirds in 2011. With 32 percent of the seats (down from 46 percent in 2011), Fine Gael just about maintained its position as the largest party, ahead of a resurgent Fianna Fáil (with 28 percent, up from only 12). Labour took the brunt of the voters' disenchantment, winning only 4 percent of seats – its worst showing in its history, just five years after its best (when it won 22 percent).
Labour thus ceded its traditional position as the largest party of the Irish left to Gerry Adams's Sinn Féin. That party now holds 14 percent of the seats in a parliament it boycotted until the 1980s, when it was not much more than the public relations office of the Provisional IRA. The remaining fifth of the seats are scattered among two small center-left parties, an alliance of hard-left socialists and an array of non-party independent candidates — some firmly on the ideological left, others locally oriented road-fixers exemplified most purely by Kerry's Healy-Rae clan.
What did the voters want?
While multiple indicators suggest that the public is optimistic about the economy, the scars — economic, societal and political — of the post-2008 years of recession and austerity are far from healed. The far left has ridden an extraordinary protest campaign against the introduction of water charges – often seen as the straw that broke the camel's back in terms of austerity measures. Highly visible crises in housing (with starkly increased homelessness) and the public health system (with long waiting times for treatment) have also fueled anger at the government.
Some therefore saw in the muddled constellation of the new Dáil an emerging social democratic majority. After all, Fine Gael was the only major party to make tax cuts a central part of their campaign message. And Ireland stands out in Europe for the total absence of any far-right populists along the lines of France's Front National. Even Fianna Fáil, though not a left-wing party, clearly positioned itself to Fine Gael's left for this election by emphasizing the importance of investing in public services more than tax cuts.
But this interpretation may be wishful thinking.
The Irish left has always seen the two “civil war parties” as representing the forces of conservatism — albeit by U.S. standards a rather non-doctrinaire, “small-c” conservatism. This view has rarely been better expressed than by writer Seán Ó'Faoláin (quoted by historian Diarmuid Ferriter) in 1945:
Our two main parties are indistinguishable not because their political ideas are alike but because neither has any political idea at all – warriors of destiny and the race of the Gaels – silly romantic titles that confess a complete intellectual vacancy as far as the reality of political ideas are concerned.
This was the first election in which those two parties won less than 50 percent of the vote between them (though only barely). But they still came away with slightly more of the seats than in 2011, with almost 60 percent. (Ireland's unusual electoral system is only roughly proportional).
Moreover, the overall left bloc, from Labour to the far left, although more radical than before, is smaller (with 31 percent of the seats, vs. 39 percent in 2011) and much more fragmented.
Perhaps this election shows us the beginning of the end of the “civil war politics” dominated by the two conservative rivals, but for now, that seems a long way off. In the meantime, Fine Gael — still led by outgoing Taoiseach Enda Kenny — will form a minority government on its own, dependent on the tolerance of Fianna Fáil, which will again lead the opposition.
How the election's losers ended up in power
Voters in their current mood often scorn politicians as power-thirsty opportunists, but the weeks after the election actually resembled a contest to see who could avoid entering government without being blamed for the resulting power vacuum. Even more ironically, an election whose only clear message was a rejection of a Fine Gael-led coalition looks set to result in the first-ever single-party Fine Gael administration (albeit supplemented by a sprinkling of non-party Independents).
How did that happen?
In the aftermath of the election, many on the left (and in the media) helpfully called on Fine Gael and Fianna Fáil to put aside “civil war politics” and give the country the only stable majority government that seemed possible — a “grand coalition” of the big two. Such a coalition — or preferably outright merger — has long been the dream of the Irish left, since this would pave the way for a more conventional party system divided along left-right lines.
But Fianna Fáil didn't dominate Irish politics for so long by accident. It was perfectly capable of working out the electoral implications of handing Sinn Féin et al. the leadership of the opposition in a time of deep “anti-politics” sentiment. So Fianna Fáil is perfectly willing to let Fine Gael take office by abstaining in the vote for Taoiseach, but entirely unwilling to actually form a coalition government with its rival.
Fianna Fáil hopes in this way to hold some sway over the government while still benefiting from anti-incumbent sentiment. Some political science research suggests parties can indeed have it both ways like this. The two parties have agreed on a “confidence and supply” arrangement for three years, but few will be surprised if this unravels more quickly. Scenting Fine Gael blood, Fianna Fáil seems confident the next election will see the natural order restored, with it again the largest party in Irish politics. Fianna Fáil will lie in wait for an opportune time to pull the plug and force a new election. Few think this will take more than a year or two.
That scenario — the government alternating between Fine Gael and Fianna Fáil — doesn't look much like a new dawn in Irish politics.
So why is all this a problem for the euro zone?
While there is no sign of an emerging left-of-center governing majority, neither does the old party system seem capable of providing stable government. Fianna Fáil is buoyed by its comeback after the near-death experience of 2011 – but this was still the second-worst election result in its history. Fine Gael is back in government, but only at the indulgence of its old rival – which probably won't last long.
As in Spain, which is going back to the polls after nearly five months of failure to form a government following December's election, the economic crisis — and the euro zone's response — has fatally undermined the old party system. No viable alternative has yet emerged to replace it. Spain's two main parties have fresher civil war wounds and more ideological distance to divide them than do Fine Gael and Fianna Fáil. And Ireland's economy recovery has been far stronger than Spain's. This made it easier to arrange the tacit alliance that underlies the new minority government.
Yet even here it seems like the costs of economic adjustment in the euro zone have been so large that putting the pieces of the political system back together again will take even longer than mending the economy.
If even the Irish “model student” has entered into a period of “ungovernability,” this cannot bode well for the euro zone's longterm ability to withstand economic setbacks.
James Conran is a PhD candidate in the department of political science at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Among the most impressive transportation networks on the planet are the complex trails that ants create around their nests. These networks arise through the ants' exploration of their environment and end up channelling the distribution of food for the colony and the daily movements hundreds of thousands of individuals.
What's more, these networks aren't just a random criss-crossing of space. Instead, they are a highly efficient solutions to the problem of searching and transporting food. Various groups have created ant-like foraging algorithms to do other types of virtual exploration.
One question that has fascinated biologists is how ants build these networks. They've known for some time that ants leave small deposits of pheromones as they travel and that other ants follow these trails, leaving their own deposits. This increases the concentration of the pheromone, strengthening the trail.
But the precise algorithm that governs the way ants respond to pheromones has been harder to pin down. Many experiments show that a trail can only be reinforced if ants have a disproportionately higher probability to follow a trail with higher pheromone concentration.
Biologists have always assumed that this disproportionate response means ants must have a non-linear response to the chemical. In other words, an ant's tendency to turn towards a pheromone deposit is related in a non-linear fashion to the concentration.
But that seems to conflict with one of the great triumphs of experimental biology–Weber's Law, which relates the perceived intensity of a stimulus to its physical magnitude. Biologists know this holds for the human perception of many stimuli, such as the intensity of sound, and have also verified it in many insects. So why not in ants?
Today, Andrea Perna at the Complex Systems Institute of Paris Ile de France and a few pals, resolve the issue. These guys have developed an entirely new way to image pheromone trails which allows them to study ant response to pheromones in more detail than ever before.
They say the structure of ant trails can be entirely explained if the ants's response to a pheromone droplet concentration is linear. “One ant will turn to the left in proportion to the diﬀerence between the pheromone it has on its left side and the pheromone on its right,” say Perna and co.
They also point out that this is exactly what Weber's law predicts.
So where does the non-linearity required to create trails come from? Perna and co say that ant behaviour is inevitably noisy. “We show that the required non-linearity does not reside in the perceptual response of the ants, but in the noise associated with their movement,” they say.
That's a fascinating result because it reveals how complexity in nature forms with the simplest of inputs.
And it clearly has implications for the study of other complex structures that ants create, such as their nests. Just how ants create these huge vibrant structures has long puzzled biologists.
Perna and friends hint at an answer in their conclusion. “We can imagine that other collective phenomena, such as group decision-making, could also be founded on coupling between Weber's Law and simple feedback mechanisms.”
In the case of nests, this mechanism would have to operate in three dimensions rather than two. But that shouldn't be too much of a challenge. Perhaps a problem that a relatively simple computer model could help solve.
Ref: arxiv.org/abs/1201.5827 :Individual Rules For Trail Pattern Formation In Argentine Ants (Linepithema Humile)
By this time, I'm sure you've stumbled across a Facebook friend or two who couldn't wait to show you any number of stories titled something like, “SEGA reportedly making the Dreamcast 2.” I myself received a few from longtime friends who I certainly don't consider “hardcore gamers.”
So I wouldn't blame you entirely for getting caught up in the viral hype because it seemed like everyone on Facebook, including many “game journalists,” lost their damn minds believing in this story.
But let me clarify something for you – SEGA does not have plans to release the Dreamcast 2. The likelihood of them ever doing is so unfathomably low that there'd probably be a new Coleco system released before the Dreamcast 2.
But let's not focus on click-bait headlines, lies and opinion pieces. Instead, let's wade through the bullshit and find out what's really going on.
How it all began
Several months ago, a man named Ben Plato, living in Melbourne, Australia, created a petition on Change.org to attempt to get SEGA of America to “to design and release a SEGA Dreamcast limited edition console.”
According to the petition, this new console should look like a revamped Dreamcast. It would have wifi, four wireless controllers, a 500 GB hard drive, a GD-ROM drive, HDMI output and the ability to upscale games in 720p or 1080p. It should also have the ability to connect to the “Dreamcast Classics Store,” where users can purchase and download digital Dreamcast games.
Now, I've seen dozens upon dozens of these kinds of petitions throughout the years covering SEGA, so I didn't pay it much mind, and we never bothered covering it on the site. However, as the months ticked by, the petition didn't die away like so many others, and has now reached nearly 24,000 supporters, with only 1,000 left to reach its 25,000 goal.
With the petition having reached its peak in popularity, Plato posted a “critical” update on Dec. 9, explaining that an unnamed, “innovative”hardware manufacturer with “crazy coders and designers” approached him to design and manufacture this new system, if given the green light by SEGA.
He ended the update, by writing that he's beginning to draft “plans and ideas for the official proposal to SEGA.”
It appears that much of the misinformation that recently resulted in many believing SEGA was going to make the Dreamcast 2 began with this update.
Project Dream
A little more than a week later, on Dec. 18, Plato posted a new update to announce a website called Project Dream, which was pretty sparse with the exception of asking visitors to sign up for a newsletter and a countdown that would end on midnight Dec. 31.
However, where things get more interesting can be found in the comments section below the update, where a man named Patrick Lawson, who claimed he was the team's public relations coordinator and editor, replied to a comment asking the countdown's purpose.
He replied that the team had two proposals to pitch to SEGA, and they've “gotten in touch with two SEGA of Japan interns.” This is how some people believed SEGA had some sort of official connection with the Project Dream campaign.
A day later, the Project Dream team launched the “Project Dream – Dreamcast Revival” Facebook group, which quickly grew in numbers, with many excited SEGA fans joining to share their love of the Dreamcast with like-minded people.
An idea quickly gone awry
At some point on Dec. 21, Lawson began talking to video game websites (here, here and here) a change in Project Dream's plans, where their goal was to launch a Kickstarter campaign, with a goal of one million backers, to help fund their idea to get SEGA back in the console business.
What's more, Lawson began saying the team had two ideas – one for SEGA to create a new PC-Dreamcast hybrid that would do all the things Plato originally envisioned but would also run next-generation, SEGA-developed games. And two – for SEGA to build a brand new, ultra-powerful, yet very cheap home console using their next-generation arcade boards, parts and accessories.
What would happen if SEGA didn't like either of their proposals? Well, they'd just make their own system, of course.
“Part of our goal is for SEGA to price either product for an affordable,cheap price,” Lawson told The Gaming Ground. “Part of the magic about SEGA is that being primarily and Arcade Amusement company, they have the resources and ability to sell a Home Consumer Product at far better price points than Sony, Nintendo and Microsoft because they never built consoles from scratch and instead use Arcade Machine parts and accessories.”
Lawson continued, “We have SOJ interns involved. They will present the ideas to SEGA of Japan next quarter. SEGA will revive its old IPs.”
What's more, Lawsen used the fact that Yuji Naka accepted their Facebook friend request to show how much support they're receiving and that they hope to get him involved to really get SEGA's attention.
So now you can see how the narrative slowly spun from a small group of fans with a grandiose idea of convincing SEGA to re-enter the hardware business into “SEGA is reportedly developing the Dreamcast 2.”
In fact, we began hearing word soon after those stories were published that other key members of the Project Dream team were upset with Lawson making these claims that eventually led to mess that we now find ourselves in.
Clearing up the confusion
As of today, it appears that Lawson has been removed from Project Dream, and he no longer appears to be a member of the Project Dream Facebook group.
Plato and fellow Project Dream member Bertie Wiseman talked to The Gaming Ground to attempt to clarify the group's true purpose.
“‘Project Dream' is not Dreamcast 2 but a campaign to get SEGA into the game console market again,” Plato said. “And ‘if' everything goes according to plan (that enough people show their support for Project Dream), then the next step would be to convince SEGA to make the real Dreamcast 2.”
Wiseman appears to point the finger at Lawson for the public backlash the campaign has met due to the large amount of misinformation that's been reported.
“It's due to the amount of miss information that one particular party has been putting out as of lately (for whatever reasons I cannot fathom),” he said. “We did manage to track down the person who had been stating a lot of false things about the Project Dream campaign (we actually banned him from the project entirely). I mean, this is merely a fan base project. So nothing is set in stone, concrete or moving forward just yet.”
He also said there will not be a Kickstarter campaign like Lawson previously mentioned.
Where does Project Dream go from here?
In the same interview, Wiseman acknowledges the likelihood of SEGA releasing a new console is very unlikely.
“Since the end of the DC era, SEGA has been a completely different company. So I am not surprised to hear that people are being salty hell over Project Dream,” he said. “In fact, I am a bit skeptical as well. However, when you see the numbers and all the love which people have expressed for the Dreamcast and Project Dream, you feel less negative about the whole thing.”
Nevertheless, Plato and Wiseman are moving forward with their campaign.
“We would like Project Dream to take off big time and be built and backed by SEGA fans, regardless of whether it gets SEGA´s endorsement or not,” Plato said. “It should not be treated as a joke, but should be treated as something that's a work in progress for the best possible outcome for a dedicated DC gaming rig. It needs to stop being considered as a Dreamcast 2. It's the return of an awesome short-lived console but far improved.”
Once the petition reaches its 25,000, the official petition to SEGA to consider Project Dream's plan will move forward. In an update earlier today, Plato wrote that the letter is not yet complete but will be written once the team has “everything in place.”
It remains to be seen whether Project Dream's unlikely campaign will prove a success, but even if SEGA never re-enters the console business or if there's never a Dreamcast successor, the very fact that this petition has shown there are so many Dreamcast supporters out there is impressive.
United States President Donald J Trump arrives to the official welcoming ceremony at the Presidential Palace in Hanoi, Vietnam as an honored guest of Vietnamese President Tran Dai Quang.
The official Vietnamese welcoming ceremony begins with the playing of both the U.S. national anthem and the national anthem of Vietnam; then a presentation of the national military, inspection by President Trump and President Quang; followed by greeting the highest national delegation of the host nation. They did a really great job. WATCH:
.
[Press Pool] Soldiers clad in white uniforms with red trim and wearing knee-high boots lined a grand red-carpeted staircase up to the entrance of the mustard-yellow Presidential Palace, a colonial-style building with arched windows and a giant Vietnamese flag on top. Under grey skies and a steady drizzle, uniformed troops were lined up on three sides of a tiled courtyard out front, and on the left were a group of little girls wearing sequined tutus and holding American and Vietnamese flags.
At 8:59a, the President Quang of Vietnam emerged from the palace, the soldiers lifted their rifles, and a military band began to play. The [President's limo] rolled in at 9am sharp and POTUS emerged, sharing a lengthy handshake with Quang.
A young girl presented Trump with a bouquet of flowers. The two presidents then strode past the group of tutu girls, who waved their flags. Trump looked at them and smiled and clapped, and the two presidents paused. They then walked to a raised platform and stood for the Star-Spangled Banner, Trump with his hand over his heart. Then came the Vietnamese anthem.
[Pool #2] Motorcade arrived at the Presidential Palace at 9: 01. The streets were lined with people looking and snapping pictures through much of the journey from the president's hotel, the Metropol, despite the light rain.
Advertisements
BISMARCK, N.D. (July 29, 2015) – A North Dakota law drastically restricting the use of drones by state and local law enforcement goes into effect Saturday, thwarting a crucial aspect of the federal surveillance state.
House Bill 1328 (HB1328) requires law enforcement agencies to obtain a warrant before deploying a drone for surveillance purposes with only a few exceptions. The legislation also provides a blanket prohibition on the use of weaponized drones, bans the use of unmanned aircraft for private surveillance, and prohibits drone surveillance of persons exercising their right of free speech or assembly.
On April 2, the North Dakota Senate passed HB1328 29-17. The House concurred 78-14 on April 9. Gov. Jack Dalrymple signed the bill into law later that month.
In addition to the prohibitions on drone use, the new law includes extensive reporting requirements for agencies deploying drones for legitimate purposes. Any images or data collected legally under the act not “accompanied by a reasonable and articulable suspicion that the images or data contain evidence of a crime, or are relevant to an ongoing investigation or trial” must be destroyed within 90 days.
The law does include some exceptions to the warrant requirement. Law enforcement can use a drone without a warrant for patrolling the border to prevent illegal entry of persons or illegal contraband, if law enforcement has a “reasonable suspicion that absent swift preventative action, there is an imminent danger to life or bodily harm,” during a natural disaster, or for some research purposes.
Even with the exceptions, HB1328 represents a vast improvement over the status quo in North Dakota – absolutely no restriction on the use of drones.
Impact on the Federal Surveillance State
Although HB1328 focuses exclusively on state and local drone use and does not apply directly federal agencies, the legislation throws a high hurdle in front of some federal programs.
Much of the funding for drones at the state and local level comes from the federal government, in and of itself a constitutional violation. In return, federal agencies tap into the information gathered by state and local law enforcement through fusion centers and a federal program known as the information sharing environment.
According to its website, the ISE “provides analysts, operators, and investigators with information needed to enhance national security. These analysts, operators, and investigators… have mission needs to collaborate and share information with each other and with private sector partners and our foreign allies.” In other words, ISE serves as a conduit for the sharing of information gathered without a warrant.
The federal government encourages and funds a network of drones at to sate and local level across the U.S., thereby gaining access to a massive data pool on Americans without having to expend the resources to collect the information itself. By placing restrictions on drone use, state and local governments limit the data available that the feds can access.
In a nutshell, without state and local cooperation, the feds have a much more difficult time gathering information. This represents a major blow to the surveillance state and a win for privacy.
Bills like HB1328 make part of a bigger strategy to put and end to government drone surveillance. Virginia led the way with its 2013 2-year moratorium on drone use, and took the next step with permanent restrictions enacted this year. Each bill introduced, passed, and signed into law creates and builds momentum for other states to do the same.
Like this: Like Loading...
Published: September 8th, 2008 13:27 EST Statement by the President (Treasury Department and the Federal Reserve) By SOP newswire2 Today, the Federal Housing Finance Agency (FHFA), the regulator of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, determined that these housing mortgage companies cannot continue to operate safely and soundly, and fulfill their public mission -- posing an unacceptable risk to the broader financial system and our economy. FHFA announced that it will place the companies in conservatorship and appoint new leadership. The Treasury Department and the Federal Reserve are taking additional steps that complement FHFA`s actions and will support market stability, add to mortgage availability, and protect taxpayers. These agencies are taking the necessary steps to prevent a disruption of our financial system. Putting these companies on sound financial footing, and reforming their business practices, is critical to the health of our financial system and to making further progress with the housing correction that today is weighing heavily on our economy. Allowing the companies to fail or further deteriorate would damage our home mortgage market, and could weaken other credit markets that are unrelated directly to housing. Americans should be confident that the actions taken today will strengthen our ability to weather the housing correction and are critical to returning the economy to stronger sustained growth in the future. The actions taken today are temporary, and will support housing finance in the near term. As we determine the appropriate role for the companies in the future, it is crucial that they not pose similar risks to our economy or the financial system again. SOURCE: US White House
GOP-leaning fundraising groups plan to make the most of their advantage after Democrats' late embrace of Super Pacs
Two of the biggest Republican Super Pacs have raised a staggering $100m since last year, about half of it in the first three months of this year, ominous for Barack Obama, who could be facing one of the biggest negative ad blitzes ever seen in the US.
Mitt Romney brought in a relatively modest $12.6m in March, according to the latest figures filed with the federal election commission. In the same period, the Obama campaign took in $35m, their report filed with the FEC on Friday showed.
But the cash power of the Super Pacs suggest conservatives will be able to match or even outspend Obama in the race for the White House.
Until this month, Romney has had to divert funds to his battles with fellow Republicans for the party presidential nomination, but he is now free to focus on raising funds for the November election.
The New York Times reported this week, based on a Romney campaign memo and talks with top donors, that he is anticipating raising $800m in total for the campaign, with a further $200m coming in from the Super Pacs.
But the fundraising performance of the two Super Pacs – the Karl Rove-backed American Crossroads and Crossroads GPS – suggest that this $1bn may turn out to be an underestimate. As well as the two Crossroads groups, there are at least 15 other conservative Super Pacs raising money for the election, including the one devoted exclusively to Romney, Restore Our Future.
The figures for the two Crossroads organisations were first disclosed by Politico. An American Crossroads official confirmed to CNN that the two Super Pacs had brought in $99.8m since the start of 2011, with $49m raised just in the past three months.
The money will not be exclusively for the presidential campaign, with some being diverted to help members of Congress also facing election in November.
The Democrats brought in $53m in March – $35m for Obama and $18m for congressional candidates – bringing the total raised for the campaign since last year to $377m. Although the $53m looks impressive, Obama is on course to fall well short of the $1bn target he set last year.
The Democrats initially denounced Super Pacs and have only belatedly started up their own, the main one being Priorities USA Action. Its fundraising so far has been unimpressive compared with the Republican ones, bringing in only $10m since last year.
In 2008, Obama outspent his rival John McCain by about three to one – $750m to just under $250m. This time round, the Republicans expect to not only match but outspend Obama.
The two Crossroads groups alone are aiming to raise $300m.
Romney's Super Pac is aiming for at least $100m. In addition to this, the Republican National Committee, the party's fundraising arm, brought in $21m in March.
The Super Pacs are changing the nature of US politics. A supreme court ruling in 2010 opened the way for unlimited spending and the emergence of the Super Pacs.
William Benoit, who researches campaign advertising at Ohio University, said: "The 2012 Republican primary was by far the most negative we've seen, and my expectation will be that the 2012 general election will be one of the most negative in history. The Super Pacs ads will make it even more so."
American Crossroads has to disclose details of donors, but Crossroads GPS is secretive.
Spending on ads is already underway, with American Crossroads having spent $1.8m in six swing states, with the Democrats spending about $2m.
Carl Forti, a founder of Restore Our Future and its spokesman, in an interview with AP, predicted that as many as 20 Republican-leaning Super Pacs would work to get Obama out and would co-ordinate their efforts.
A Center for Public Integrity analysis of the two Crossroads groups showed that of the $123m raised by the two since 2010, $76.8m was secret money to Crossroads GPS that came from fewer than 100 individual donors.
Michael Bloomberg and Andrew Cuomo | Azi Paybarah via flickr Use of chalk leads to an arrest for an Occupy Wall Street protester
The big takeaway from Mayor Michael Bloomberg's comments yesterday was that the Occupy Wall Street protesters could stay "indefinitely," provided they obey the law. That last part was squeezed out of most headlines, but it's an important caveat.
Yesterday, a woman was arrested for "damage to the sidewalk" because she wrote on it in chalk.
Story Continued Below
As protesters prepare to march by the homes of media mogul Rupert Murdoch and other designated Rich New Yorkers this afternoon, it'll be worth watching whether anyone gets arrested, and what the charges will be.
Also, the New York Times editorial board calls Bloomberg's donations to political party's "housekeeping" account into question, and holds him up as a reason the governor should close a loophole that provides for unlimited donations.
Some links:
A former aide to Andrew Cuomo boasted in an email that "Andrew" didn't want to get involved in a particular matter, but did, "Because I asked." [John Schwartz]
A former deputy mayor in Boston knocks down Bloomberg's criticism that the Living Wage bill will harm the New York economy. [Michael Powell]
Rich New Yorkers whose homes are being targeted by Occupy Wall Street this afternoon had no comment about the event. [Marc Beja]
An editorial board at a newspaper owned by one of targets of this afternoon's protest says "many reporters have been romanticizing the protesters … " [New York Post]
Pedestrians don't like the barricades erected because of the protesters. [Emily Epstein]
A protester was arrested for "damage to the sidewalk" for writing in chalk. [Freund, Cartwright and Saul]
Embattled political operative John Haggerty is missing financial statements for a PAC he controls. [David Seifman]
The House Ethics Committee allowed Rep. Nita Lowey to take her husband on four privately funded junkets. [Alison Gendar]
Supporters of Erie County's Republican executive say a poll showing the Democratic challenger within striking distance is faulty, since about a quarter of the people polled were from Buffalo. [Robert McCarthy]
The Democratic candidate for Suffolk County executive has a big fund-raising advantage over his Republican opponent. [Kery Murakami]
Two Nassau County police percents may shutter after redrawing their boundaries. [Robert Brodsky]
Editors urge Cuomo to fulfill a campaign promise of cracking down on campaign finance loopholes, and say party housekeeping accounts, like the kind Bloomberg donated a total of $8.2 million to, would be "a good place to start." [New York Times]
The New Yorker, July 5, 1993 P. 32
Talk story about Supreme Court nominee Ruth Bader Ginsburg and a sex-discrimination case that she became involved with in the seventies which then set a precident on the Supreme Court. In 1976 Fred Gilbert, a lawyer in Tulsa, and Ginsburg persuaded the Supreme Court to quash, as unconstitutional, an Oklahoma law forbidding the sale of 3.2 per cent beer to men under the age of twenty-one. In Oklahoma at that time, women were allowed to buy 3.2 beer from the age of eighteen but men had to wait until they were three years older before they could purchase the stuff. The law was challenged by two students at Oklahoma State University, in Stillwater, one of whom, Curtis Craig recalled last week, that the law was embarrassing. "You had to send your girlfriend in to buy beer." Mr. Gilbert lost in the first round in federal court and appealed to the Supreme Court. That is when Ms. Ginsburg got involved. Gilbert says that there weren't many people involved in sex-discrimination cases in those days, and Ms. Ginsburg was very bothered and bewildered that they had initially lost. Ms. Ginsburg was then a professor at Columbia Law School and also a general counsel for the American Civil Liberties Union, decided to file a brief on Mr. Craig's behalf. Professor Ginsburg had decided one of the best ways to win equal rights for women was to bring cases where the victims of discrimination were men. Tells about the Supreme Court hearing on October 5, 1976. The Court reversed the lower court's decision and ruled the law unconstitutional. Tells about Justice Brennan's opinion.
View Article
WOW! Look at all the answers. And they are almost universally condemning the questioner for wanting to “abandon” “her” (how do we know OP is female?) child. I have re-read the question and see nothing in it indicating the gender of the questioner.
I mention that only to point out how quickly most humans jump to conclusions, unless training and experience restrains us from doing so. The questioner asked a very narrow question: is it legal? And, as most of you said, in most modern countries, an 18 year old is legally an adult, legally responsible for her own actions, and the parent is no longer legally bound to provide financial support.
As to the many comments that went much further, and cast aspersions on your morals as a parent, I hope you will at least consider them seriously to see if there is any merit to them, if your expectations for your daughter were unreasonable, etc. But I will refrain from judging or casting aspersions on your decision, since we don't even have the full story from your viewpoint (you gave a very brief sketch highlighting only the points that were emotionally significant to you, which may or may not be the things most significant to an objective observer) and we haven't heard anything at all from your daughter's side. Furthermore, you are so close to the situation that I do think only an objective observer - a counselor of some kind, whether that be a psychologist or social worker, a cleric of your religion, or a lawyer, can ask enough followup questions to dig deeply into what's really going on but is emotionally an outsider to your relationship with your daughter and thus can give you an unbiased, objective opinion of whether you are being unreasonable, or whether your daughter is, or both. You may want to try something along those lines, if you haven't already, before you just pack up and move.
But I can indeed think of scenarios where it would not be immoral or blameworthy for a parent of an underachieving 18-year-old to tell her she is on her own. There is even a nonprofit organization, “Tough Love,” dedicated to helping parents deal with irresponsible or out-of-control children who are a danger to themselves or others, or who refuse to either participate in family duties or move out of the parent's house, or are otherwise driving the parent to an early grave. Go ahead and look them up — they have local branches worldwide — and they sponsor support groups of local parents in situations similar to yours, with a facilitator, to try to brainstorm ways to deal with children (including adult children) who appear incorrigible.
Yes, the child may be better off away from the parent. That is exactly the point. And it is not always easy for the parent to let go, even if the parent feels the child has not lived up to his or her standards. At the same time, healthy emergence from adolescence to adulthood requires the child to push away from the parents to a certain degree, and live her own life. So, one way or another, that is going to have to happen eventually. Why, I wonder, do some respondents think it is morally reprehensible for you to “kick out” your uncooperative daughter at 18, rather than 28, or 38? (Don't laugh. The number of adult children that age still living in their parents' home is not insignificant.)
One other factor to consider is that, if OP was being a “tiger mom” (or dad) or something like that, making unreasonable demands on his or her child, wouldn't the normal response of a healthy adolescent be to want to move away from such an oppressive parental environment, as soon as they were old enough to be legally adult and be able to tell the parent that she is no longer under the parent's sway? Not saying that's what's going on here, but I am saying that we responders just don't know if it is or not. Maybe the child wants this separation as much as the parent does — and it may be a good thing, even if the parent expresses disappointment in the child not following the path the parent prefers, as OP did.
Finally, getting back to whether it is “legal,” OP was planning to move to a different country, not just return to a hometown some distance away. Different countries have different legal systems. Let's assume that abandoning an 18- year-old child as OP plans to do, IS illegal, in the country the parent wants to leave. If so, do you really think anyone is going to arrest the parent before she has even carried out the plan by actually leaving? Or stop the parent at the airport or the border, and arrest her there? Certainly it is no crime for parents of an adult child to travel abroad, on business or vacation, and as far as I know, it's not something the border guards or customs and immigration officials on either side of the border would even ask about. And, once the parent is back in the home country, the only way he or she could be brought back to the country left behind to face trial (assuming, in spite of what I just wrote, that anyone back there even cared) would be for the legal authorities in the country where the child had been left, to pursue international extradition proceedings with the government and legal authorities of the parent's home country. Can that be done, assuming all the other hurdles are met, and anyone at the prosecutor's office in the abandoned country wants to try? Yes, but it's a long and involved procedure, and it is not a “sure thing” or foregone conclusion — the country where the defendant (that's what we're calling the “parent” now, if this has gotten that far) is found has discretion whether to turn him or her over to the authorities of the requesting country. And, if the defendant is a citizen (by birth, I presume) of the home/responding country, and if what was done in the abandoned/requesting country was not illegal in the home country, and especially if the home country feels their citizen will not get fair treatment (by the standards of the home country) in the courts of the country that is requesting extradition, the defendant/parent is unlikely to be extradited. That is, the responding/home country will refuse the extradition request.
Let's all figure out all the facts before jumping to conclusions. But I do urge the original poster, the parent who apparently has not yet completely made up his or her mind since, after all, the parent sought advice in this forum, to consider the many answers given here and possibly get additional, objective advice from a trusted counselor, before actually acting on this plan. Maybe it's the right thing to do, maybe it isn't. If you're not sure, get professional help to assist you in deciding.
The furore around Malia Bouattia's election as the new president of the National Union of Students has yet to die down. Accusations of antisemitism dogged her campaign and continue to do so, with Cambridge University's union threatening to disaffiliate from the NUS altogether. Bouattia's defence of her comments are, broadly, that it is Zionism she takes issue with and not Jews. And it is for this reason that she felt the need to describe the University of Birmingham in a blogpost as “something of a Zionist outpost”, followed by the comment that “it also has the largest Jewish Society in the country, whose leadership is dominated by Zionist activists”.
The idea that the reason there has been a backlash against these comments is because, as one Guardian writer put it, “Muslims come in for special attention when seeking a public role”, is simply wrong. At no point in an open letter signed by 50 Jewish society presidents asking Bouattia to clarify her comments was her faith mentioned. The notion that it is just an exaggerated response to some badly chosen words, because Bouattia is a Muslim, is an excuse to brush under the carpet serious concerns that Jewish students are airing – including students campaigning to end occupation and promote Palestinian rights.
Attacks on the new NUS president show the limit of free expression for Muslims | Iman Amrani Read more
Bouattia says she has a problem with “Zionist politics”. Zionism, at its core, is the belief in the right of the state of Israel to exist. Whether Bouattia likes it or not, connection to Israel is a key part of Jewish identity for an overwhelming majority of Jews in 21st-century Britain. In nearly every synagogue around the world, on Shabbat and major festivals, Jews pray for the safety of the state of Israel. The latest research on British Jewish attitudes towards Israel reports that 93% say Israel forms part of their Jewish identity.
If Bouattia was really serious about engaging with Jewish students she would know that, within the same 90%-plus of Jews who feel connected to Israel as part of their identity, a significant number are not supporters of the current policies of the Israeli government when it comes to the peace process or expansion of settlements. And nowhere does this apply more than to students and younger members of the Jewish community, who are increasingly outspoken on these issues.
Bouattia says she is concerned about liberty, equality and inclusion – but very few Jewish students will feel included in a National Union of Students built in the image of its new president.
It seems Bouattia is unable to understand why invoking antisemitic tropes causes deep offence
She has also talked of “mainstream Zionist-led media outlets”. It is hard to believe that someone as politically engaged as Bouattia has not heard of the Protocols of the Elders of Zion, a seminal antisemitic text, a forgery originating in tsarist Russia that accuses Jews of trying to take over the world by controlling the media. It is an antisemitic trope that circulated throughout Europe in the 20th century, and continues to do so today. And if Bouattia knows about the Protocols, surely it might have crossed her mind that to refer to a Zionist-controlled media might make Jewish students feel extremely uncomfortable?
Perhaps Bouattia does not know that significant numbers of Jews in this country have friends and close family in Israel and therefore she doesn't realise why saying that “boycott can be misunderstood as the alternative to resistance by the Palestinian people” makes many Jewish students recoil. When she says “non-violent” resistance is not enough, she is endorsing violent resistance against their friends and family. Will Jewish students want to participate in broader student politics knowing the president of their union thinks the potential killing of their friends and family is a legitimate “act of resistance”?
Bouattia is well within her rights to criticise the policies of the Israeli government. Indeed, many British Jews do. She is perfectly entitled to say she is not a Zionist. But it seems she is unable to understand why invoking antisemitic tropes and supporting armed resistance against Israelis causes deep offence. And when she says, “For me to take issue with Zionist politics, is not me taking issue with being Jewish”, she shows a deep lack of understanding of Jewish identity.
If this is the case, then the possibility that the NUS is able to enforce the motion that it passed this week, with Bouattia's support, committing it to tackling antisemitism, is pretty slim.
Let me share an remarkable story with you. It's about coal: the people it harms, the arrogance the industry has developed over years of being coddled, and the way it's all starting to fall apart.
Up to the northeast of Las Vegas, off of I-15, is the 48-year-old Reid Gardner coal-fired power plant, owned by NV Energy.
It spews lead, smog, mercury, and carbon dioxide, but for our present purposes, let's focus on its gigantic ponds and piles of coal ash. Not only are they leaking chromium into the groundwater (see this report [PDF] for more on that), they blow great white clouds of coal ash across the community of Paiute Native Americans in the adjoining town of Moapa. Lots and lots of Moapa Paiutes are getting sick and dying. EPA is in the midst of considering whether to require expensive upgrades to the plant; the anti-coal movement is agitating to shut it down.
Anyway, that's the background. So last week, a local Las Vegas NBC affiliate decided to do a news report on it. Here reporter Reed Cowan presents the Paiutes' perspective, along with NV Energy's contention that the coal ash does contain arsenic, lead, and other heavy metals, but that it is “technically not toxic.”
As you see at the end there, the intent was for this to be a two-part story, and for the second part to convey NV Energy's perspective. Watch what happened:
Wow.
So first off, NV Energy's attempts to shape the story were so ham-handed, pissed the reporter off so much, that he led by revealing their behind-the-scenes attempts at manipulation.
Then NV Energy sent out, for an interview, the employee whose job it is to monitor coal-ash ponds and dust. When asked what's in all that coal ash, he replies: “I don't know.” Again, NV Energy chose this guy.
Then NV Energy drags the reporter inside to witness a pregnant employee, the logic, I suppose, being, “She breathes the dust and she's pregnant. So what's the problem?” She shows off the monitoring equipment, except, um, there's no monitoring of the coal ash. But she's pregnant! So.
Then! The NV Energy PR guy steps in and starts trying to guide Cowan's questions. He suggests that the Moapa Paiutes are just being emotional. This from the guy showing off the pregnant employee.
The crude manipulation clearly infuriated Cowan, because the two-part series then became a three-part series. He decided to ask some actual scientists what's in the air:
NV Energy insists that the air and dust are perfectly healthy. They tested it in their labs and everything cleared. So.
Cowan and crew take the sample to an independent scientific lab for testing, and oops! The concentrations of chemicals — chromium, arsenic, etc. — are high enough to be toxic. The chemist says, “If I had this kind of exposure in my laboratory, I would evacuate the laboratory until it got cleaned out.” Ouch.
The story finishes with a Moapa Paiute saying, “It's as simple as death. Slowly but surely, we're all dying off.”
In the wake of all this, EPA has delayed its decision on air-pollution controls at Reid Gardner to allow for more public comment. Nevada Sen. Harry Reid (D) said in a statement, “Significant comments on the proposed permit, as well as new modeling analyses, indicate the strong need to protect public health and visibility on our public lands with the best possible technology.” Yeah.
To me, this story is highly illustrative. Coal companies and utilities have been operating outside scrutiny for so long, they seem completely unprepared to account for themselves. Whatever you can say about oil companies, they've been under attack long enough to have developed slick PR. Coal companies are killing people, they don't seem aware or concerned, and they can barely even competently pretend to give a sh*t.
By now I think it's safe to say One Piece is something of a household name, especially for those interested or living in Japan as well as other parts of Asia. Not only has it become the best-selling manga and book in all of Japan, it's spawned multiple movies, a new theme park, and even a cruise. But what do you know about the man behind all of this success?
We've got the scoop on a huge party One Piece creator Eiichiro Oda threw at his house last week, thanks to tweets sent out by a few of the VIPs on the guest list. Apparently even manga geniuses need to let loose every now and then!
Curious to see who was lucky enough to get an invitation? Check out these pictures!
Surprisingly little is known about Oda's personal life outside of the studio. He met Chiaki Inaba, a model cosplaying Nami at the Shonen Jump Festival in 2002, and the two of them got married in 2004. Two years later, the couple welcomed their first and only daughter.
No doubt Oda spends most of his time juggling work and family, but it looks like the One Piece creator took a little time out of his busy schedule to host a very special party with some of Japan's most notable talents in the manga/anime industry. More than 100 people gathered at Oda's house to hang out over drinks and takoyaki.
▼ Did someone say takoyaki?! Yum!
First things first: you can't have a One Piece party without inviting the captain of the Straw Hat Pirates herself. (Wait?! You mean Luffy's a woman?)
▼ Mayumi Tanaka (Monkey D. Luffy), center
Also on the invite list were some the series' most famous supporting voice talents and actors.
▼ Usagi and Mamoru reunited! Kotono Mitsuishi (Boa Hancock/One Piece, Usagi/Sailor Moon, Misato Katsuragi/Neon Genesis Evangelion) and Tōru Furuya (Daddy the Father and adult Sabo/One Piece, Tuxedo Mask/Sailor Moon, Yamcha/Dragon Ball) making V-signs.
▼ Toshio Furukawa (Portgas D. Ace/One Piece, Piccolo/Dragon Ball, Ataru Moroboshi/Urusei Yatsura), center, looks like he's having a good time.
▼ And don't forget Naoto Takenaka (Shiki the Golden Lion/One Piece, also starred in Shall We Dance? and Nodame Cantabile), right
Also, what's a party without a guest appearance by one of the leading ladies of J-pop?
▼ Kyary Pamyu Pamyu trying on pro-wrestler Minoru Suzuki's belt with her producer Yasutaka Nakata (Capsule)
With so many famous faces in one place, just how did Japanese netizens react? Here are just a few of the comments we pulled from 2ch.
“This is legendary! A day for the Gods.”
“What's Kyary Pamyu Pamyu doing there?”
“I didn't know a house that could fit 100 people even existed in Japan…”
“Only the number one manga artist in Japan could pull off something like this! What a dream come true!”
“This is insane!”
Oda is said to make over US$25 million a year off One Piece royalties, so it comes as no surprise the manga artist has enough connections and owns a house large enough house to host such an amazing get together. I only wish he'd thought to invite to the RocketNews24 staff as well!
Source: Kinisoku, Wikipedia
Top image: Visansaya Loisawai
Insert images: Twitter (@torushome, @TOSHIO_FURUKAWA, @pamyurin)
December Solstice via Solar Walk 2 app
More Meteors Streak through Moonless Midnights, Winter is Coming!
Star Walk Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 18, 2017
Happy Holidays, everyone! Or, as we astronomers say, “Have a Happy Solstice and a Merry Perihelion!”
(Above: As the Earth orbits the sun, it's polar axis points continuously at the same point in the sky. On the June and December Solstices, the northern hemisphere's pole tilts directly towards and away from the sun respectively, causing the noon-day sun to reach its highest and lowest points in the sky for the year. A lower sun delivers weaker solar radiation for a shorter number of hours, giving us cold winter temperatures.)
For the Northern Hemisphere, the first day of winter, also called the Winter Solstice, occurs on Thursday, December 21st at 11:28 am Eastern Time. At that precise moment, the North Pole of the Earth's axis of rotation will be tilting directly away from the Sun. Every day, at local noon, the Sun reaches its highest position in the sky for that day. But at the Winter Solstice, that position is the lowest (i.e., the farthest south, celestially) for the entire year, and we receive the shortest amount of daylight. The sunlight that we do get this time of year is diluted because it's spread over a larger area, the same way a flashlight beam looks dimmer when you shine it obliquely at a wall (try it!).
Fewer hours and weaker sunlight both translate into less received solar energy (insolation) and therefore colder temperatures! Good news for us, though — after Thursday, our days start growing longer again! For our friends in the Southern Hemisphere, the Sun will attain its highest noon-time height for the year on the solstice, and it marks the start of their summer season.
It is NOT the case, as some people think, that we are colder in winter because we are farther to the Sun (a position called aphelion) — in actuality that happens every year in early July! On the contrary — we're approaching Earth's nearest position from the Sun (perihelion), which occurs every January 4, or thereabouts.
Above: The annual Ursid Meteor Shower peaks on December 22 before dawn. Meteors can appear anywhere in the sky, but all Ursids will appear to travel away from the radiant above the Little Dipper.
Ursid Meteor Shower Peak
The annual Ursid meteor shower runs from December 17 to 23 annually. This year, it peaks during the wee hours of Friday, December 22, when seeing 10- 20 meteors per hour is possible under dark skies. The best time to watch will be from midnight until dawn that morning, but you can also watch after dinner. The moon will be a young waxing crescent that sets in early evening on the peak night, setting up good meteor watching conditions. The shower's radiant is above the Little Dipper in Ursa Minor (Little Bear), near Polaris, but the meteors can appear anywhere.
The Moon and Planets
The New Moon phase, when the moon is crossing the imaginary line between Earth and the Sun, occurs at 1:30 am on Monday morning. So the moon will be hidden from view beside the Sun in the daytime sky. The first chance to see the moon again comes Monday at sunset, when its extremely slim silver crescent will be low in the western sky. Over the following few evenings, the moon will wax (grow thicker) and draw away from the Sun, but it will still set early in the evening — giving us dark moonless nights for most of this week.
If you're an early riser, you've probably been seeing a very bright object shining in the eastern dawn sky. That's Jupiter, which rises about 4 am local time this week and is well above the southeastern horizon by dawn. Much dimmer and red-tinted, Mars, which rises before Jupiter, at about 3:30 am local time, is sitting to Jupiter's upper right. On Monday morning, Mars will be about a fist diameter from Jupiter. But over the course of this week, Mars' eastward orbital motion will carry it towards Jupiter, so the separation between them will shrink to a palm's width next weekend.
Above: The pre-dawn sky, shown here for 6:45 am local time on Decmeber 24, 2017, has all the naked eye planets this month — with Mars rising first, followed by Jupiter, and then Mercury. Over the course of this week, Mercury's orbit swings it away from the sun, making it easy to spot about 6:45 am local time
Mercury re-appears in the pre-dawn sky this week. It's going to be quite easy to see — especially later in the week when it has climbed farther from the sun. Between about 6:45 and 7 am local time, it will be the medium bright “star” sitting low in the southeastern sky.
With Venus and Saturn hidden near the sun, Uranus and Neptune are the only planets left in the evening sky, setting about 2:30 am and 11 pm local time respectively. Blue-green Uranus is midway between the two chains of stars that form the dim constellation of Pisces (the Fishes). Tiny blue Neptune, only observable in a backyard telescope, is about half a finger's width below the medium-bright star Hydor in Aquarius (the Water-Bearer).
Keep looking up to enjoy the sky! I love getting questions so, if you have any, send me a note. Astronomy Skylights for this week (from December 17th, 2017) by Chris Vaughan.
QUITO (Reuters) - Pope Francis on Tuesday said protecting the planet was no longer a choice but a duty and called for a new “social justice” where access to the earth's resources would be based on equality instead of economic interests.
In back-to-back speeches on the third day of his trip to Ecuador, the pope made his first full-court press on environmental issues since the publication last month of his landmark ecology encyclical “Laudato Si.”.
Speaking before a group that included indigenous people of the Equatorial Amazon, he also renewed his call for special protection for the area because of its vital importance to the planet's ecosystem.
The pope has said he wanted the encyclical to influence a United Nations climate change summit in Paris in December and has now effectively taken his campaign to convince governments on the road. In September he takes his message to the United States and the United Nations.
“One thing is certain: we can no longer turn our backs on reality, on our brothers and sisters, on Mother Earth,” he said in a first speech at the Pontifical Catholic University of Ecuador.
While he did not specifically mention climate change or its causes, he quoted often from the encyclical, which said there was a “very solid scientific consensus” on global warming and its human causes.
He appeared to be making a clear reference to climate change doubters when he said: “It is wrong to turn aside from what is happening all around us, as if certain situations did not exist or have nothing to do with our lives.”
In the encyclical Francis demanded swift action to save the planet from environmental ruin, called for policies to “drastically” reduce polluting gases and gradually cut dependence on fossil fuels.
“We are also invited to care for it (the planet), to protect it, to be its guardians. Nowadays we are increasingly aware of how important this is. It is no longer a mere recommendation, but rather a requirement ...”
His choice of Ecuador to make his first post-encyclical speeches on the environment was not casual.
Ecuador is heavily reliant on oil and mining while boasting some of the world's greatest biodiversity including the Galapagos Islands, on which Charles Darwin formulated his ideas on evolution.
Pope Francis drives past the faithfuls as security reaches out to stop a woman trying to approach the Popemobile during his arrival at Parque Samanes where he will celebrate mass in Guayaquil, Ecuador, July 6, 2015. REUTERS/Jose Miguel Gomez
The leftist government of President Rafael Correa, which introduced austerity measures after a major drop in oil prices, is walking a tightrope between business and protecting the environment.
‘SOCIAL MORTGAGE'
In both speeches the first pope from Latin America, who has made defense of the poor a key plank of his papacy, also touched on the politically delicate issue of whether nature could be considered private property.
“The goods of the earth are meant for everyone, and however much someone may parade his property, it has a social
mortgage,” the Argentine pontiff told a group of civic leaders in Quito's St. Francis Church, the oldest religious building in Latin America.
“In this way we move beyond purely economic justice, based on commerce, towards social justice, which upholds the fundamental human right to a dignified life,” he said in the church, whose construction began in 1536.
“The tapping of natural resources, which are so abundant in Ecuador, must not be concerned with short-term benefits. As stewards of these riches which we have received, we have an obligation toward society as a whole and towards future
generations,” he said.
His words in Ecuador were a foretaste of his September trip to the United States, where most of the criticism of the encyclical has come. Conservatives, including several Republicans seeking their party's nomination to run for president in 2016, have said the pope should not meddle in scientific affairs.
But he has won wide backing from advocates of environmental protection, including U.S. President Barack Obama and U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon.
At the second meeting on Tuesday, representatives of two Amazon indigenous people, the Tagaeri and the Taromenane, were due to give him a letter saying they were living “in the shadow of extermination”.
Slideshow (5 Images)
In that speech, the pope quoted from his encyclical, saying the Amazon “requires greater protection because of its immense importance for the global ecosystem … it possesses an
enormously complex biodiversity which is almost impossible to appreciate fully.”
Francis started his last full day in Ecuador by saying an open-air Mass for nearly a million people on the grounds of a former airport in the Ecuadorean capital, Quito. He visits Bolivia on Wednesday and the last leg of the trip is Paraguay.
This guy does origami with dollar bills and lives in a converted garbage truck.
Be sure you scroll to the end of this e-mail to look at photos of inside his truck!
Mr. Won Park is the master of Origami. He is also called the "money folder", a practitioner of origami whose canvas is the United States One Dollar Bill. Bending, twisting, and folding, he creates life-like shapes in stunning detail.
One Dollar
One Dollar Butterfly
One Dollar Camera
Two Dollars Battle Tank
Two Dollars Chinese Dragon
One Dollar Crab
One Dollar Dolphin
Two Dollars Jacket
Two Dollars Spider
One Dollar Scorpion
One Dollar Bat
One Dollar Toilet Bowl
One Dollar Penguin
One Dollar Shark
One Dollar Jet
One Dollar Hammer Head Shark
His home is another form of art. He lives in a magnificently-coverted garbage truck!
Disclaimer Donate to Rense.com
Support Free And Honest
Journalism At Rense.com Subscribe To RenseRadio!
Enormous Online Archives,
MP3s, Streaming Audio Files,
Highest Quality Live Programs
MainPage
http://www.rense.com
This Site Served by TheHostPros
Crowdsourcing is everywhere, including but not limited to driving, maps, investments, translations and product names. Now it's money's turn. The new Internet currency, the bitcoin, is seeping into the public consciousness, says an Israeli who probably knows more about the phenomenon than anyone else in the country.
Jonathan Rouach, founder of Bits of Gold, is helping Israelis do business with “Internet-mined” money that is not under the control of any central bank and has proven to be far more popular than anyone could have imagined a few years ago — so much so that Germany recognizes bitcoin as a currency that can be used in business, to pay taxes, and more. Rouach sees bitcoins as a — if not the — currency of the future. He started Bits of Gold in order to promote the bitcoin idea in Israel and elsewhere.
Termed a cryptocurrency (a completely digital and encrypted form of “money”), bitcoins started out as an “experiment,” said Rouach. “Scientists were trying to figure out how to develop an independent currency that is not dependent on a central trust authority. This is the first banking system that is not managed by a company or state.”
Get The Start-Up Israel's Daily Start-Up by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
Modern money is generally issued by a central bank and backed either by “real” assets (gold), or by the “full faith and credit” of a government. But with bitcoin, every account holder is a central banker.
In order to trade bitcoins, you open an account using bitcoin open source software, which announces to other users that you have opened a bitcoin wallet. With a wallet, you can now acquire bitcoins either by earning them (doing work for someone and having them transfer your wages in bitcoins to your wallet), or buying them using “regular” money (via an exchange, such as Mt. Gox, which like a money changer sets a dollar/bitcoin exchange rate and trades between the currencies.
Another way to get bitcoins is to create, or “mine,” them. This is a highly complicated process that entails solving high-level math problems, requiring a great deal of computing power. When the problems are solved — and the solution is approved by the bitcoin community — new bitcoins are produced and added to the “pile.” As more people use bitcoins, the problems get more complicated, and the reward for solved problems goes down. At some point in the future (in 100 years or so), no further bitcoins will be produced, as the “production block” (the math problem chain that is used to create bitcoins) maxes out.
In that sense, said Rouach, bitcoins are more akin to gold than to dollars; there's a limited supply, and it's hard to expand that supply. “Bitcoin derives its authority and creation from users, making it a true ‘peer to peer,' crowdsourced currency. Instead of the ledger of accounts being held by the bank or the government, it's freely accessible to all bitcoin users. And since you don't have to register your name with your account, it's completely anonymous.”
Among the many advantages of a crowdsourced currency: “It's impossible to forge a transaction,” said Rouach. Since all transactions must be approved by a majority of the community, everyone is keeping everyone else honest by keeping an eye on what they are doing.
The whole bitcoin phenomenon inspired Rouach, he said, to give up his job as an electrical engineer and start Bits of Gold, which functions as an exchange to allow individuals to trade shekels for bitcoins and vice versa.
“Before my company, if an Israeli wanted to buy bitcoins, they would use an international exchange called Mt. Gox, which establishes an exchange rate for bitcoins in dollar terms (currently, one bitcoin is worth about $130). That required transferring shekels into dollars, and then dollars into bitcoins, with all the attendant fees and exchange rate issues.” Bits of Gold offers an exchange rate in shekel terms (one bitcoin will cost you NIS 479.17).
Plenty of people are using his service, Rouach said. “There are stores in Israel, both online and offline, that accept bitcoins, and more people, both users and merchants, are joining all the time.”
Since it's a digital currency, though, bitcoins are most welcome online, and there hundreds of sites that accept them today — including Amazon, which lets customers buy gift certificates, among other things, with the currency. “We've been recognized as an official money changer, and following the newly implemented rules, we can accept transaction of up to NIS 40,000,” said Rouach. “We are working to bring more businesses into the orbit of bitcoin as well.”
While some digitally savvy Israelis are using bitcoins to do business online, the majority who have bought into bitcoin are using it as an investment vehicle. “They see the progress bitcoin has made and are interested in ‘catching the wave' as the currency becomes more popular.”
There's a certain logic to that: While bitcoin prices have been somewhat volatile since trading began in them in 2010, the currency has clearly appreciated significantly.
Could some of these “investors” be using their bitcoin accounts to hide funds, or launder illicit gains? After all, the system is anonymous (it would take a great deal of sleuthing and computer power to link a name with a bitcoin account, studies have shown). Governments around the world have expressed concern that bitcoin could become a shelter for criminals seeking to protect earnings from illegitimate sources.
Rouach doesn't see that as a problem. “I have been working in these areas for nearly three years, and I have yet to come across someone who is using bitcoin to shield illegal earnings, although such a use of the system is certainly possible,” he said. “That's one reason I partnered with an attorney who is very familiar with money-laundering and exchange rate issues.”
It was Rouach, at the urging of his partner, who persuaded the government of Israel to recognized bitcoins as a form of money (although, unlike in Germany, it is not yet recognized as a currency for business transactions).
“At first the Finance Ministry saw bitcoins as a digital product, and did not impose on us the reporting requirements that are required with currency exchanges,” said Rouach. “We wanted to keep everything as transparent and kosher as possible, and they agreed with us that bitcoins are currency.”
What works in Israel will work elsewhere, Rouach is convinced, and Bits of Gold is set to open exchanges in the coming weeks in several South American countries.
“It's much easier and faster to do an exchange transaction using your own currency, and as bitcoins become more popular, we will see more opportunities in more places,” said Rouach. “In the two and a half years that bitcoins have been on the market, they have appreciated considerably. People see the trend of where this is going, as opposed to the beatings most fiat government-issued currencies are taking. If this becomes the currency of the Internet we will be looking at a real revolution in the whole concept of money.”
Police officers look for evidence at a ranch where a firefight took place in Tanhuato, in the state of Michoacan. Government security forces killed 42 suspected drug cartel members. (Henry Romero/Reuters)
— At the makeshift shrine for the Warriors of the Five, the young men are listed by their gang handles: Chicken. Nacho. Whitey. In the photos, some have elaborate tattoos, others brandish guns.
Eleven of the men killed by police this month in one of the deadliest clashes of Mexico's drug war came from the blocks of Infonavit 5, a poor bar-and-brothel neighborhood in this farming town in Jalisco state. The relatives and neighbors who stop to pay tribute don't dispute that at least some of them may have worked for the New Generation drug cartel. But that label means little here.
They don't see them as gangsters but as childhood friends who guarded homes, watched parked cars, kept drunks from disrespecting the women. It's the police, they say, who will take things from the corner store without paying, shake you down on your walk home, make your 12-year-old daughter unbutton her shirt.
“People don't go out on the street because they're afraid of the government,” said Graciela Piñeda, whose 21-year-old son, Martin García, was the second of her boys to be killed by authorities in the past three years. “These boys never disrespected anyone. They took care of us.”
The questions about whom these men were, and how they died, are at the center of a growing controversy over what happened May 22 behind the chain-link fence of the Rancho del Sol in Michoacan state. In the government version of events, Mexican police, after coming under fire, followed a truck onto the 275-acre property along the four-lane divided highway running between Guadalajara and Morelia. Over the next three hours that morning, backed by helicopters and reinforcements, they battled the gunmen belonging to what the national security commissioner, Monte Alejandro Rubido, described as the country's “most belligerent cartel,” until 42 of them lay dead. The police lost one man and made three arrests.
Musicians accompany a hearse at a funeral for one of the slain men from Rancho del Sol. (Joshua Partlow/The Washington Post)
Authorities hailed the operation as a victory. They denied that any of the men were executed and said all tested positive for ballistic residue. But human rights officials have begun to investigate the case after questions emerged about the lopsided death toll and whether the bodies showed signs of torture. The police operation was “at the very least poorly planned, leading to a death toll that raises serious concerns about the proportionality of the use of force,” said José Miguel Vivanco, Americas director for Human Rights Watch.
“This outcome is particularly disturbing in a country where security forces have repeatedly been involved in extrajudicial killings, disappearances and torture cases, and where impunity for these grave human rights crimes is the norm,” he said.
More than half of those who died came from Ocotlan, a city of about 100,000 people set amid strawberry and alfalfa fields roughly an hour's drive from the ranch. At the municipal cemetery, gravediggers have been working double shifts in recent days to handle the burials.
At one funeral for a man from Infonavit 5, as mariachis played sad ballads and relatives poured whiskey into the casket, the crowd chanted curses against the government. “This was a very pretty town once, but not anymore,” said an aunt of the dead man, who refused to give her name.“There is a lot of fear now.”
“The government caught them sleeping and murdered them all,” another man said as he left the service. “It was a massacre.”
Martin Felipe García Piñeda grew up in Ocotlan and started working at the age of 15, bouncing among low-paying jobs such as security guard and gas station attendant. His passion was wrestling, the flamboyant masked spectacle known as lucha libre. His ring name was El Drako. The sport took him to regional cities and even the capital, but he earned little from it, and this spring he told his family that he — along with several friends from the neighborhood — had started working at Rancho del Sol.
The farm had a large main residence, with a swimming pool and tennis court, that was sometimes rented out for parties. Authorities said that gunmen from the New Generation cartel seized the property this month as a base of operations.
Luis Gerardo Garcia, 27, is the brother of Martin Felipe Garcia Piñeda, one of those killed at Rancho del Sol. He stands outside a shrine to the slain men in his neighborhood. (Joshua Partlow/The Washington Post)
“He told me he was going to work on a ranch, but he didn't tell me what he was doing,” said Graciela Piñeda, his mother.
When she got his body back two days after his death, she said her son was “beaten and burned.”
Piñeda and her relatives and friends from the neighborhood have studied photographs that have surfaced on the Internet of the corpses lying around the farm. Some have visible burns and broken limbs. Other neighbors told them their children's bodies came back castrated, or with fingers chopped off, missing teeth and eyes. They take these signs to mean their sons were tortured and executed, rather than dying in a gun battle as police allege.
“They call themselves the government,” said Luis Gerardo García, Martin's brother. “To me, they are assassins with a license.”
Even before the battle at Rancho del Sol, tensions between residents and police in Ocotlan had risen. In March, gunmen ambushed a federal police patrol in the city, killing five police officers and at least six other people. It was one of several recent attacks attributed to the New Generation cartel, which has grown into one of the country's most powerful drug gangs. Cartel members attacked a state police convoy the next month and killed 15 officers. A few weeks later, they shot down a military helicopter with a rocket-propelled grenade.
After the Ocotlan ambush, residents in Infonavit 5 said, police began patrolling the neighborhood, harassing residents and stealing watches and cellphones. Many consider the young men who died, and the New Generation cartel, as defenders against such aggressions. It was the cartel, said Luis Gerardo García, that delivered mattresses and blankets when homes were flooded and sent truckloads of toys and bicycles to kids for Christmas.
“There are gang members here,” he said. “But they make sure that nobody robs, nobody extorts, nobody kidnaps. They don't mess with the people here.”
Now that García's brother and 10 others from the neighborhood have died, residents say they are worried and scared. At Martin García's gym, his fellow wrestlers knelt in the ring and applauded in his honor, then rose chanting “Drako.” Outside the shrine to the Warriors of the Five, a car pulled up and one of the boys' favorite songs, “One Million Bullets,” could be heard.
Looking on from a plastic chair, Graciela Piñeda wondered: “Who's going to protect us now?”
WWE Superstar Randy Orton is one of the biggest names in all of pro-wrestling, and he has been a big star for WWE for the last couple of years. In late 2014, a big Vine campaign with Orton started with his “RKO outta nowhere” moniker involved which has only gotten more and more popular. This had him RKOing unexpecting people in random videos as edited by the vine user. It was funny to see, and it became a huge hit online. WWE even capitalized on it by creating some merchandise with the RKO usage.
Orton has started to slowly creep toward a lighter schedule, and all of this started to become a hit around the time he was taking time off, which only made his return even bigger. The idea for Orton was that he would take some time off here and there, and have a similar schedule to what Shawn Michaels had toward the later part of his career. With his past full of injuries, it made sense for Orton to have this time. Sadly Orton was hurt recently, costing him to need shoulder surgery.
Orton has had work done on his shoulders and areas near it before. He has hypermobile shoulders which cause the shoulders to go too far back. This is one of the main reasons he has the snake look in the ring. Orton hurt himself taking out the trash at home which made most believe that he would need to have a simple surgery at the worst and be back in time for WrestleMania 32.
[Image via WWE] It now looks like that is out of the cards. The Wrestling Observer reported earlier in the week that Orton may miss far more time than expected. Ric Flair then confirmed those reports on his WOOOOO! Nation Podcast. He said that Orton would be out of action from WWE indefinitely as it looks like he'll be having neck surgery along with the needed shoulder surgery.
Flair didn't go into any other major details, but did mention that it is likely Orton might need to neck fusion surgery. This would put his time away from WWE at a much longer point. He would miss a year of action after the surgery. This would keep Orton out of action until mid-2017 at the very earliest. The reason for this is that it would be unlikely that they would do both the shoulder and neck surgery at the same time as both take significant time to recover from. So it is likely that he will have his shoulder worked on and then have his neck surgery after the recovery from the shoulder surgery.
It then takes a little over a year to recover and get cleared to return to the ring from this type of surgery
[Image via WWE] This is of course if the neck fusion surgery is needed. If he has a less complex surgery on his neck, that still puts him out a while. Regardless of the neck surgery he has, he will not be back until the end of next year at best. However, it is still quite likely that you may not see him wrestle again until WrestleMania 33 or sometime near it.
This comes as no surprise to some as it was thought that Randy Orton was working through a lot of injuries. Most thought that it was just his shoulder issue that was causing him grief, but his neck was not in the cards. Losing Orton for this period of time is a huge loss for the company. Randy brings them a great veteran presence that the company can throw into a rivalry of any kind at any time and make work.
Randy Orton can be the first or last match, the mid-carder or the main eventer. He can do it all and that is by no means an easy thing to replace. He will be missed by WWE fans while he's out, but most believe this is not career threatening.
[Image via WWE]
The presidential election in Romania will be held in an atmosphere dominated by a series of spy and corruption scandals. Enter Mr. Klaus Iohannis, the “refined” German-Saxon mayor of Sibui, who some say is a refreshingly different kind of candidate in Romania. He will be competing against Mr. Victor Ponta, the current prime minister whose campaign rallies have been referred to as “Ceaușescu redux”
In June 2000, a retired high school physics teacher named Klaus Iohannis was elected mayor of Sibiu, a city of 150,000 tucked into the Carpathian Mountains of central Romania. His goal, he declared in a series of local rallies, was to revitalize Sibiu, once “Hermannstadt,” an Austro-Hungarian city studded on the Ottoman frontier. Misrule by Romania's fascists, Stalinists, nationalists and post-Revolutionaries had crippled Sibiu's economy and cast the former Habsburg capital into a cultural abyss.
“Sibiu was forgotten by the Communists and the neo-Communists. There were water pipes still left over from 1910,” Iohannis writes in his newly-issued autobiography “Pas Cu Pas” (“Step by Step”), currently on display in book shops across Romania. Within two years, the incumbent mayor was streaming new economic blood into Sibiu. In the city's western quarter, once one of the most polluted agro-industrial plants of Communist Transylvania, he revamped rusted-out factories into tech centers. Cheap Romanian labor triggered a barrage of foreign investment – banks, software companies, financial firms – and raked in unprecedented tax revenue. Between 2002 and 2003, Sibiu's city budget leaped 61 percent. Unemployment rates plummeted to 0.8 percent, among the lowest rates in Romania and Europe at large. “I think Iohannis was successful because he didn't approach Sibiu as a public official would,” says Flavio, 34, a medical student in Cluj-Napoca. “Instead, he approached it systematically, like a businessman.”
Next, Iohannis set out to make Sibiu the greatest tourist attraction between Budapest and the Black Sea. A tourist board was established and the dismal Sibiu airport refurbished into an international hub. The city's hotel capacity quadrupled. “Young Since 1191” ran the city's new slogan, emblazoned on shiny, free new guidebooks. Over time, a certain brand of tourist started choosing Sibiu over medieval cities in Central and Western Europe. Sibiu was cheaper, less Disneyfied. By 2005, 40 percent more were coming each year.
In 2007, the same year Romania joined the European Union, Sibiu was declared its cultural capital. The city's stunning rebirth made Iohannis the only city mayor that average Romanians could identify on a national level. Most Romanian politicians specialize in inefficiency, but Iohannis was known for getting things done. (“Less Talk, More Things Done” is a campaign creed.) He was equally revered for what he didn't do, refraining from rowdy parliamentary theatrics – other specialties of Romania's elected officials. He cultivated a favorable relationship with local newspapers and endeared himself to Western leaders during frequent trips to Germany and Austria. He was re-elected by suspiciously wide margins and owned a fleet of fancy homes, but his corruption was hardly extreme by Bucharest standards. “Public administration in Romania is utter chaos,” says Elena, a computer science professor in Sibiu. “Don't get me wrong. Iohannis is no more honest than our other politicians. But he is somehow more refined.”
That's the consensus across Romania: Iohannis may be a politician, but not of the sort Romanians are used to seeing on their ballots. He is currently one of two leading candidates for the Romanian presidency, to be decided onNovember 16. “If it is possible in Sibiu, it is possible in the whole of Romania,” Iohannis has insisted on campaign platforms for the last two months. His national popularity is astounding – one in three Romanians now stand with him – and unexpected; ethnically, Iohannis is not Romanian but German. His ancestors were among the Saxon settlers who migrated to Transylvania in the 12th century. Iohannis himself was among the few not sold back to Bonn by Nicolae Ceausescu between 1978 and 1989. The German connection jumpstarted the mayor's success – it was primarily German companies that he succeeded in luring to Sibiu – and motored his drive to national prominence. When you ask Romanians about Iohannis, some will draw a line back to Romania's ethnically-German royal family, still well-regarded in certain circles. Others will cite prevalent if tired clichés about German work ethic. But most Romanians, disgusted with endemic public corruption, are just relieved that Klaus Iohannis isn't Romanian.
The other contender: Victor Ponta
Victor Ponta, 42, was once an inspiring Romanian political figure, appointed Europe's youngest prime minister in 2012. Scandal after scandal has since soured those impressions. The prime minister was never able to adequately dismiss accusations that he had plagiarized his doctoral thesis. The PSD, his center-left Social Democratic Party, fell under a wave of international outcry for appointing known anti-Semites to key cabinet positions. More recently, Ponta had a nasty, highly-publicized falling out with Traian Basescu, the current Romania president who, despite running on an anti-corruption platform, has finished his second term in a quagmire of corruption. To secure Basescu's impeachment, Ponta drummed up his own war against the rule of law – threatening judges, illegally removing top officials from government posts and tampering with Romania's constitution.
On September 20, Ponta celebrated his birthday by launching his own bid for the Romanian presidency. He summoned 70,000 of his countrymen to a two-million euro extravaganza at Bucharest's National Arena, which he had decked out in enormous Romanian flags, folksy cutouts of medieval Wallachian warlords and red “PROUD TO BE ROMANIANS” banners. “I call on you all to embark together on the path of change,” Ponta proclaimed, “to stand together on the road to Grand Unification of all Romanians.” This poorly-veiled re-invigoration of Ceausescu's vast popular rallies was not lost on political pundits – “Actually, Ceausescu held his party congress at the Sala Palatului,” Ponta objected – nor by spectators across Romania.
For many Romanians, the Ceausescu redux is not necessarily a bad thing. The dictator's legacy remains almost unassailable in large swathes of Moldavia and Wallachia. Unlike Transylvania, these provinces are some of the poorest districts in all of Europe; historically, they comprise “Old Romania” and have been electoral bastions for the PSD, a direct outgrowth of the Romanian Communist Party, since 2001. The mood in Eastern Romania is markedly different than that in the West. “All that corruption you see across Romania today? Nonexistent under Ceausescu,” a middle-aged man informed me in Dobrogea. “Romanians had significant privileges under him. Under the EU, we feel like an embarrassment.”
To make up for centuries of Romanian backwardness, the country's Communists attacked its prosperous minorities: Hungarians, Jews and Germans. This remains a favorite tactic of campaigning politicians, despite the virtual abolishment of all those groups. Also in the running for the country's presidency is a man named Corneliu Vadim Tudor – a fervent expansionist who insists that the Holocaust never happened in Romania. Another candidate is Gheorge Funar, a former mayor of Cluj-Napoca who once gilded the city's benches in Romanian colors in a bid to prevent Hungarian minorities from sitting on them.
Ponta, meanwhile, has re-deployed the Ceausescu legacy in another direction, doctoring a close association between himself and the state. “We will send people to Brussels who are proud of being Romanians – who will defend Romania,” the PSD promised before May's European elections. For the past two months, Ponta and his wife have toured Romania pledging to uphold “the army, church and family.” Ponta can tout himself as a defender of Romania because he is “Romania”: an avowedly Orthodox family-man.
The implicit threat to all of this is, of course, Klaus Iohannis: a Lutheran, a German and a strong advocate of the European Union. Polls currently have the mayor slightly trailing the PSD chief, whose assault on Iohannis has been so ruthless that even the Romanian Patriarchy has publicly shunned Ponta's bashing. On November 16th, Romanians will decide whether to follow suit.
Photo of Victor Ponta courtesy of www.romanialibera.ro
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A pair of humanoid robots that can operate in harsh conditions and provide disaster relief in the aftermath of earthquakes and volcanic eruptions have been unveiled in Japan.
Unlike in Hollywood films, where robots can run, jump and fly at high speeds, these 'droids are the "slow and steady" type.
Simulating work in a tunnel after a quake, the slender robots with tiny heads and sensors for eyes walked through fake debris to extinguish a fire during a demonstration at the International Robot Exhibition in Tokyo.
HRP-2 Kai, which is 1.7m tall, walked on a narrow board, while 1.88m-tall JAXON, developed by the University of Tokyo, moved forward by bending its back and putting both hands on the floor, judging that the ceiling was too low to move upright.
It then lifted itself up to remove a box and debris to secure a pathway - tasks that could be done even in a risky environment hazardous to humans.
The robots have been developed by Japan's New Energy and Industrial Development (NEDO) initiative - a national research organisation that started up after a devastating magnitude 8.9 earthquake and subsequent tsunami hit northern Japan on 11 March 2011.
Given the country's propensity for natural disasters , this year's show is focused on robotic equipment for disaster relief, as well as assisting the elderly and their caregivers, and farming.
However, the humanoid robots are far from perfect, suffering from balance problems on rough terrain. Jaxon suffered an embarrassing incident when it tumbled and had to be carried away on a stretcher.
“Our priority is not about whether we win or not,” said NEDO robot division head Shuji Yumitori. “It is about whether we can create something that is useful for human beings.”
The four-day robot extravaganza has drawn nearly 450 participating organisations from countries including France, Britain, Russia and South Korea, showing off everything from superhero suits to artificially intelligent androids.
Other robots on show included Pepper , a humanoid robot designed to live with humans, and "Premaid AI", a 46cm tall humanoid robot that can dance.
However, there was no sign of Geminoid F, dubbed the " world's sexiest robot ", which stole the show at the World Robot Exhibition in Beijing last week.
Ever since Fox announced it was moving its acclaimed but ratings-challenged sci-fi saga Fringe to Fridays from its current home on Thursday, fans have been blogging and tweeting much pessimism about the show's chances for survival beyond this season. Friday is one of the least watched TV nights of the week, and in recent years, it hasn't been too kind to sci-fi series — or at least Fox's sci-fi series. See: Joss Whedon's Firefly; Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles. Fox execs and Fringe's exec producers have tried to get the word out that the network remains committed to the series, but fans remain nervous that Friday = Death for Fringe. So to further combat the perception that Fox has basically issued a “no confidence” vote in Fringe, the network did something unusual: It created a cheeky promo that tackles the fear-mongering head-on, spliced with darkly comic death-themed clips from the show and even spiked with quotes from a variety of Chicken Little bloggers. (“…a Friday air date is usually the beginning of the end for any series…” – Ethan Anderton / Collider.) Take a look:
.
According to Fox's senior VP of marketing and special projects Dean Norris, the network began thinking about creating the provocative spot after making a Web splash with its movie-style trailer for “Entrada,” the Dec. 2 episode that marked a turning point in Fringe's parallel world storyline. “We started getting feedback from the viewers that basically said, ‘How could Fox do something so cool for a show they're going to kill?' We started reading these things and said, ‘Wait! We have to address this!'” The mission was to produce a piece of communication that dealt with the situation in a self-deprecating fashion, yet also assuaged fan fears. The message, spelled out in the promo: “You May Think Friday Is Dead… But We're Gonna Reanimate It.” (The reanimation idea is a coy reference to last week's creepy episode “Marionette.”) The promo — cut by Ari Margolis in Fox's “Special Ops” department (do they get to work in a secret underground bunker, too?) — took two days to produce. It was pitched last Thursday and finished on Monday and released first to the outlets quoted in the promo, thereby going right after those most likely to have been impacted by Geekdom's town criers.
The promo is the beginning of a larger effort by Fox to shore up Fringe's existing fanbase and hopefully grow the audience by targeting teen viewers who might be at home Friday night. (The show returns on Jan. 21) Fox will continue posting “pre-caps” (as opposed to “recaps”) at Fox.com featuring cast members and producers setting up each new episode. For viewers, they're a more entertaining and personal approach to “Previously on…” rehashes. Additionally, Norris also says future on-air promos will emphasize Fringe's horror elements, albeit not right away, as the first episodes on the new year are relatively light on Fringe-style gore. “We are trying to rebrand Friday, and what we're trying to do with this show specifically is make it kind of like forbidden fruit,” says Norris. “We want that teen demographic that might not be our audience right now to say, ‘That this is a show my parents might not want me to watch — but I'm going to watch it, anyway.'”
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Newcastle United's billionaire owner Mike Ashley has been fined just £7,500 for exerting too much influence at Rangers.
The Magpies boss - who was today named the world's 306th the richest man with a fortune of £3.3bn by Forbes - was found guilty of breaking Scottish Football Association (SFA) rules by having a controlling stake in two football clubs.
The SFA quoted disciplinary rule 19, which states that Mr Ashley is unable to involve himself in “the management of administration” of two clubs without “prior written consent of the board”.
Rangers were also charged with not acting in the best interests of the national association but that breach was not proved.
The rule says: “Except with the prior written consent of the Board: (a) no club or nominee of a club; and (b) no person, whether absolutely or as a trustee, either alone or in conjunction with one or more associates or solely through an associate or associates (even where such person has no formal interest), who: (i) is a member of a club; or (ii) is involved in any capacity whatsoever in the management or administration of a club, or (iii) has any power whatsoever to influence the management or administration or a club, may at the same time either directly or indirectly: (a) be a member of another club; or (b) be involved in any capacity whatsoever in the management or administration of another club; or (c) have any power whatsoever to influence the management or administration of another club.”
The Sports Direct owner has a near 9% stake in Rangers, has lent the club several million pounds and in return has received security over assets such as Murray Park.
His company also own 75 per cent of Rangers retails.
Ashley's former Sports Direct employees, Derek Llambias and Barry Leach, are the two remaining directors on the Championship outfit's board.
Rex Features
HEIDI KLUM is taking over from fellow supermodel Elle Macpherson as the new kid on the lingerie block. Following the news yesterday that Macpherson was to end her 25-year relationship with Bendon - a leading Australian lingerie company - the licensee today revealed that Heidi Klum Intimates is in the pipeline.
"I have many companies that come to me, but I wanted to be with someone who was as big as them, as established as them, as successful as them. You know, 25 years, that's quite an empire and that's quite an amazing business that Elle has created with Bendon," Klum told WWD. "I feel like with all the social media that I have, with the campaigns that we do, I hope that people will hear that I took over and I hope that they're happy about it. It wasn't me knocking at the door saying I want to take over. It was offered to me."
Advertisement
Macpherson's three underwear lines - Elle Macpherson Intimates, Macpherson Men and The Body - will expand in to America next, the supermodel has confirmed, as well as entering activewear, swimwear and plus- and petite-size categories. The partner for this growth has not yet been confirmed.
It's not the first time that Macpherson and Klum have gone head to head. Klum was accused by Macpherson's team of attempting to steal the Australian supermodel's famous nickname when she stated, in a Victoria's Secret commercial in 2006, "They call me The Body - and now I have a bra named after me." Macpherson has a skincare line and a workout video called The Body after she received the moniker in a Time Magazine piece in 1986.
This news may raise alarms, but it shouldn't surprise … it's what these guys do. Dan Froomkin at the Huffington Post (my emphasis and some reparagraphing):
A private equity company run by fervent supporters of Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney bought the third-largest voting machine company in the country last July, raising concerns about the appearance of impropriety, if not the possibility of impropriety itself. Apprehension that Romney supporters could be literally buying votes has been burbling on left-wing blogs since Freepress.org, an alternative website based in Columbus, Ohio, reported late last month about H.I.G Capital's purchase of Hart Intercivic [sic]. H.I.G. Capital is a Miami-based private equity fund that manages $8.5 billion in capital. Hart Intercivic is a company exclusively in the business of manufacturing and programming voting systems.
Because the names are so similar, here's a scorecard. Hart InterCivic is a manufacturing company; it's all they do. H.I.G Capital is a private equity fund that purchases companies; it's all they do. (Hm, a buyer of companies and a maker of things. Guess who's king in that world?)
After the expected (and totally necessary) disclaimer from the H.I.G. “crisis communications consultant” — already? think they're gearing up for a fight over this? — that H.I.G. is not up to no good, Froomkin tells why they might be (up to no good):
H.I.G. Capital's co-founder, Anthony Tamer, previously worked at Bain & Company…. Eight of the company's managing directors came from Bain as well. Tamer and his wife are major Romney donors … And Tamer has plenty of company at H.I.G. Although it isn't a particularly big firm, H.I.G.'s directors have collectively given so much money to Romney that their company is the sixth biggest contributor to all Romney committees, as calculated by opensecrets.org.
Why does this matter? Aside from the obvious reasons, Ohio:
One of the jurisdictions with Hart Intercivic equipment is Hamilton County — which includes Cincinnati, the third-largest city in the hotly contested swing state of Ohio.
There's plenty more; do read on. A number of experts are interviews for this rather complete article.
How to think about this? Of course, this could just be your innocent dinosaur-eats-dinosaur deal, corp-on-corp feeding, in which the only motive is the feast (i.e., making more money). And there are a number of sources in the article that do raise the “don't jump to conclusions” flag.
Still, others are quite suspicious. Think about it — Republicans. Voting machines. Bain. Ohio. Cause for concern? Many say yes.
Me, I start wondering — at what tipping point will the toxic combo of Republican cheating, a narrow Romney win, and much suspicion, cause the real left to be told by our faux-left Democratic friends, “Don't you dare think of Romney as not the rightful president”? Not that I don't think the election isn't still in the bag; it's just that the bag has gotten smaller.
About this last point, more later. For now, watch the Hamilton County (Cincinnati) vote total on election night. And if Obama's vote count is low enough to pull his state-wide total into the loss column, watch the media say a whole lot of nothing about the possibility of a ballot-box fix.
GP
To follow or send links: @Gaius_Publius
George's (Paul Rudd) Wristwatch from the 2012 David Wain romantic comedy, Wanderlust. In the film, George and his wife Linda (Jennifer Aniston) decide to leave New York City and experiment living in a free love commune.
This prop features factory markings by Kenneth Cole, and can be seen worn by George throughout the film. The watch features a stainless steel case with genuine leather straps that can be sized to fit most wrists. Please note that this watch does not currently function, and it is unknown if this item is an authentic Kenneth Cole time piece, or a replica. The prop measures approximately 9.5" x 1.5" x .5" (24cm x 4cm x 1cm) and remains in overall good production worn condition.
This item comes with a Prop Store Certificate of Authenticity.
Up to this point, the only solid casting news we've had concerning the upcoming GI Joe film is that Sienna Miller apparently has snagged a role (as The Baroness?) much to the displeasure of many fans. But this news could lighten up their day.
According to our friends over at Slashfilm, GI Joe has cast the fan favorite character of Snake Eyes. None other than Darth Maul himself, Ray Park.
I have just confirmed that Star Wars Episode 1-star Ray Park has been cast as Snake Eyes in Stephen Sommer's big screen live-action adaptation of GI Joe. Snake Eyes is one of the original members of the GI Joe series. Hasbro has released over 30 figures of the character since his debut in 1982. Not much is known about the ninja master's real identity, as it has remained classified throughout the series.
Not bad news… as long as he keeps the mask on and doesn't have to actually act. Ray was also Toad in the first X-Men movie, and was also the Headless Horseman in Sleepy Hollow. I had a chance to meet and hang out just a little with Ray at Comic Con this year at a couple of parties and he was very cool to me (although word has it he fell far out of favor with folks at Star Wars). But as cool as he is, he's not an actor… he's a stuntman, and a damned good one… which should be totally fine for a role like Snake Eyes. Silent, masked, and doing insanely cool looking fight moves. That's an order Ray Park can fill no problem.
Still waiting to hear who is officially going to be Duke, or Cobra Commander, or Destro… but this is decent news.
The incredibly cool touch-sensitive fabric that Google's ATAP unit is demonstrating here at I/O 2015 won't be limited to Mountain View's labs. Levi's just announced that it's partnering with Google to turn Project Jacquard into proper fashion. "We've got the genius pirates at ATAP who can help us develop and deliver this platform," said Paul Dillinger of Levi Strauss, pointing to Levi's own expertise in fabric development and supply chain as the other ingredients that can put Google's technology inside a future pair of jeans. Dilliginer referred to Jacquard as a "dazzling opportunity" for a partnership between the two companies.
And Dillinger said it's all about lessening distraction as we try to balance real-world interactions with our digital lives. "If there's a chance to enable the clothes that we already love to help us facilitiate access to the best and most necessary of this digital world while maintaining eye contact with the person we're eating dinner with, this is a real value. If we can deliver that value in the form of clothes that you as friends and fans of this brand already love, that is a project worth doing." Levi's and Google aren't yet saying when you'll be able to buy a touch-sensitive pair of 501s, but the possibilities — and the fact that a true pact exists — is pretty exciting.
Developing. Check out our Google I/O Live Blog for the latest updates and our Google hub for all the news!
Today, HBO officially released a huge batch of images from next weekend's new episode of Game of Thrones, the sixth and penultimate of season seven! The episode will be titled “Beyond the Wall,” no doubt inspired by the dangerous expedition Jon Snow and his cohorts set out on at the end of last week's episode. How are they faring? Let's have a look!
As usual, Iain Glen looks beautiful in anything, even the frozen North.
It's hard to glean much info from these close-up photos but with it snowing, that can't make the traveling easy for Jon and company. And where the cold winds blow, there are White Walkers…
This temperature probably feels about normal to wilding Tormund. So he's likely thinking about lunch and the Big Woman.
Beric Dondarrion and Jon confer in this shot. What about- their next move? How exactly do they plan to snag one wight without running into a host of others?
Here's Beric's beautiful money shot in HD, as glimpsed in the pre-season trailers, with his sword ablaze. I never get tired of this, and can't wait to see him taking out whatever dead thing inspire him to light it up this time.
A bit hard to see in the snowy haze, as the weather has worsened by this point, but HBO's captions helpfully inform us that this is Iain Glen (Jorah), Kit Harington (Jon Snow), and Kristofer Hivju (Tormund). The men are in a circle, a sight we've seen in trailers pre-season. Now we know for sure who is up there, beyond the wall. Getting into a circle is usually a tactic people use when they might be surrounded, and need to make sure allies are at their back. So this does not look good for our Magnificent Seven.
Another close-up, tight on Jon Snow, with sword raised high.
No, we're not just going beyond the Wall in this episode. We're still popping down to Dragonstone and Winterfell, apparently. Here we see Daenerys in a lovely white gown, speaking with her Hand of the Queen Tyrion while her children surround them.
The conversations continue inside at another point, when Daenerys' outfit has changed, from white to black, and to a much more intimate and less intimidating setting. Will Tyrion question Dany's actions of late?
Up at Winterfell, the tension between the Stark sisters appears to be growing greater. Arya gazes out with a tight look on her face; Sansa behind her appears concerned.
Brienne approaches her lady Sansa here, as Sansa shuffles through some papers. Do these have something to do with Littlefinger's machinations, set into motion last week in “Eastwatch”?
Chelsea Clinton, daughter of Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton, addresses the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia in July. (Photo by Ricky Carioti/The Washington Post)
Speaking at a town hall at Youngstown State University over the weekend, Chelsea Clinton made a remark about the risks of marijuana use that left many drug reform advocates scratching their heads. The daughter of Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton suggested that legal marijuana use had contributed to the deaths of people who were using other drugs simultaneously, due to a bad drug interaction.
A spokeswoman for Chelsea Clinton now says that the Democratic presidential candidate's daughter simply misspoke.
An audience member had asked the younger Clinton about her mother's support for changing the federal regulatory status of marijuana to allow more research into potential medical uses of the drug. Chelsea responded that Hillary Clinton supports more research, and that she supports the states experimenting with various medical and recreational regulatory regimes for marijuana.
Then she said the following:
But we also have anecdotal evidence now from Colorado, where some of the people who were taking marijuana for those purposes, the coroner believes, after they died, there were drug interactions with other things they were taking.
(C-SPAN)
Marijuana advocates were perplexed by the apparent implication that marijuana could be deadly.
"The former and possible future first daughter of the United States acknowledges that marijuana has medical value, but she also seems to believe that cannabis use can lead to death," wrote Tom Angell of the pro-legalization group Marijuana Majority in a piece for marijuana.com.
"Chelsea Clinton suggests marijuana is killing people," blared a headline in High Times.
On its own, marijuana is not known to have any fatal dosage level. The DEA itself acknowledges that nobody has ever died from marijuana alone.
A spokeswoman for Chelsea Clinton told The Post in a statement that "while discussing her and her mother's support for rescheduling marijuana to allow for further study of both its medical benefits and possible interactions with other medications, Chelsea misspoke about marijuana's interaction with other drugs contributing to specific deaths."
She added, "Hillary Clinton has said we should allow states that have reformed their marijuana laws to act as laboratories for our democracy and we should reschedule marijuana from a Schedule I to a Schedule II substance."
Ethan Nadelmann, executive director of the Drug Policy Alliance, said in an interview that "there's zero evidence anywhere that using marijuana in combination with other drugs can be fatal." He added, "one of the things that make marijuana such a safe drug to use is that if you combine it with anything, it's not fatal."
That doesn't mean that pot doesn't interact with other drugs, Nadelmann added. For instance, smoking marijuana can intensify the psychoactive effects of alcohol, which is why studies generally show that driving under the influence of alcohol and weed is considerably more dangerous than driving under the influence of one drug alone.
Researchers generally agree that marijuana use is less risky than the use of a number of other common recreational drugs, including alcohol and tobacco.
This November five states will vote on whether to legalize recreational marijuana, and voters in four more will vote on medical marijuana provisions.
Yep, our homies over at My Droid World released Gingerbread for both the DROID X and DROID 2 today. Please thank them at the source links by donating and then get yourself to downloading from the links and instructions below. Neither have been rooted, but it'll give you a taste of Android 2.3 and the new Blur long before Verizon will release them to you. You can always return to stock using one of the SBF files that is in the wild, so don't be too scared about upgrading. We can definitely get you back to stock for the official build.
UPDATE : Instructions for rooted Gingerbread below:
______________________________________________
*You need to be rooted in order to install these. [Instructions]
*Benchmarks of Gingerbread on the DROID X. [Here]
*Video walk-through of Gingerbread. [Here]
Instructions for DROID X:
1. Download this file and drop it on SD card.
2. Use Bootstrap to get your phone into recovery.
3. Create a backup (This is not compatible with new firmware).
4. Install the Firmware using recovery:
1. Select installation zip from sdcard
2. Choose zip from sdcard
3. Select the file you downloaded
5. Restart phone.
If your DX bootloops after installing:
1. Hold down power and home.
2. When you see the triangle hold down both volume buttons
3. Select wipe data/factory reset —press power button to select
4. Reboot system
Instructions for DROID 2:
1. Download this file and drop on SD card.
2. Use Bootstrap to get your phone into recovery.
3. Create a backup (This is not compatible with new firmware).
4. Install the Firmware using recovery.
1. Select installation zip from sdcard.
2. Choose zip from sdcard.
3. Select the file you downloaded.
5. Restart phone.
6. Re-activate your phone.
7. Dial *228.
8. Select 1.
If your D2 bootloops after installing:
1. Hold down x and power button
2. When you see the triangle hold down both volume buttons
3. Select wipe data/factory reset —press power button to select
4. Reboot system
Via: MDW DX | D2
From the environment to international security and the coming Fourth Industrial Revolution, the World Economic Forum's Global Risks Report 2016 finds risks on the rise in 2016.
In this year's annual survey, almost 750 experts assessed 29 separate global risks for both impact and likelihood over a 10-year time horizon. The risk with the greatest potential impact in 2016 was found to be a failure of climate change mitigation and adaptation. This is the first time since the report was published in 2006 that an environmental risk has topped the ranking. This year, it was considered to have greater potential damage than weapons of mass destruction (2nd), water crises (3rd), large-scale involuntary migration (4th) and severe energy price shock (5th).
The number one risk in 2016 in terms of likelihood, meanwhile, is large-scale involuntary migration, followed by extreme weather events (2nd), failure of climate change mitigation and adaptation (3rd), interstate conflict with regional consequences (4th) and major natural catastrophes (5th).
Such a broad risk landscape is unprecedented in the 11 years the report has been measuring global risks. For the first time, four out of five categories – environmental, geopolitical, societal and economic – feature among the top five most impactful risks. The only category not to feature is technological risk, where the highest ranking risk is cyberattack, in 11th position in both likelihood and impact.
This diverse landscape comes at a time when the toll from global risks would appear to be rising. A warming climate in 2015 is likely to raise the global average surface temperature to the milestone of 1°C above the pre-industrial era for the first time. The number of people forcibly displaced in 2014 stood at 59.5 million according to UNHCR, almost 50% more than in 1940. Data from the report appears to support the increased likelihood of risks across the board, with all 24 of the risks continuously measured since 2014 having increased their likelihood scores in the past three years.
In addition to measuring their likelihood and potential impact, the Global Risks Report 2016 also examines the interconnections among the risks. Here, data suggests a convergence may be occurring, with a small number of key risks wielding great influence. All five of the most interconnected pairs of risks in 2016 accounted for more interconnections than in 2015. At the top end of the scale, 2016's two most interconnected risks – profound social instability and structural unemployment or under-employment – account for 5% of all interconnections.
Knowledge of such interconnections is important in helping leaders prioritize areas for action, as well as to plan for contingencies. “We know climate change is exacerbating other risks such as migration and security, but these are by no means the only interconnections that are rapidly evolving to impact societies, often in unpredictable ways. Mitigation measures against such risks are important, but adaptation is vital,” said Margareta Drzeniek-Hanouz, Head of the Global Competitiveness and Risks, World Economic Forum.
Which panic button to press?
Environmental risks have come to prominence in the global risks landscape in 2016, despite the presence on the horizon of a large number of other, highly visible risks. Income disparity, which was highlighted by the report in 2014, is this year reflected in the growing interconnections involving profound social instability and both structural unemployment and underemployment and adverse consequences of technological advances.
“Events such as Europe's refugee crisis and terrorist attacks have raised global political instability to its highest level since the Cold War. This is widening the backdrop of uncertainty against which international firms will increasingly be forced to make their strategic decisions. The need for business leaders to consider the implications of these risks on their firm's footprint, reputation, and supply chain has never been more pressing,” said John Drzik, President, Global Risk and Specialties, Marsh.
Geopolitical risks, one of which – interstate conflict with regional consequences – was 2015's most likely risk, are also present: while interstate conflict has dropped to fourth in terms of likelihood, weapons of mass destruction ranks as the second most impactful risk, one place higher than last year and its highest ranking ever in our report.
“Climate change is exacerbating more risks than ever before in terms of water crises, food shortages, constrained economic growth, weaker societal cohesion and increased security risks. Meanwhile, geopolitical instability is exposing businesses to cancelled projects, revoked licenses, interrupted production, damaged assets and restricted movement of funds across borders. These political conflicts are in turn making the challenge of climate change all the more insurmountable – reducing the potential for political co-operation, as well as diverting resource, innovation and time away from climate change resilience and prevention," said Cecilia Reyes, Chief Risk Officer of Zurich Insurance Group.
One potential black swan event could be in the area of technological risk. While cyberattacks rise slightly in terms of likelihood and impact in 2016, others, including failure of critical information infrastructure, appear to be declining as a risk in the eyes of experts. Technological crises have yet to impact economies or securities in a systemic way, but the risk still remains high, something that potentially may not have been fully priced in by experts. Our separate survey of business leaders assessing risks for doing business finds cyberattacks to be the top risk in no fewer than eight countries, including the USA, Japan, Germany, Switzerland and Singapore.
International security in the spotlight
In addition to assessing the likelihood and potential impact of 29 global risks, the Global Risks Report 2016 takes an in-depth look at how the global security landscape could evolve in the future. The report features the outcomes of a year-long study to examine current trends and possible driving forces for the future of international security.
Through its analysis of the interconnections between risks, the 2016 report also explores three areas where global risks have the potential to impact society. These are the concept of the “(dis)empowered citizen”, the impact of climate change on food security, and the potential of pandemics to threaten social cohesion.
Risks for doing business
For the second year, the Global Risks Report also provides country-level data on how businesses perceive global risks in their countries. This year's analysis uncovered patterns among both advanced and emerging economies. Unemployment and under-employment appears as the risk of the highest concern for doing business in more than a fourth of the 140 economies covered, and is especially featured as the top risk in two regions, sub-Saharan Africa and the Middle East and North Africa. The only region where it does not feature in the top five is North America. Energy price shock is the next most widespread risk, featuring in the top five risks for doing business in 93 economies. Cyberattacks, mentioned above, feature among the top five risks in 27 economies, indicating the extent to which businesses in many countries have been impacted already by this rising threat.
The Global Risks Report 2016 is available here.
"Just over a month ago, we released our first episode of our game. After a year and a half since the outset of the project, we were happy to present our first Episode to you. Though our servers suffered, we were pleased with the response and the great feedback we received!
Shortly after that–exactly 4 weeks prior to now–we received a complaint about copyright and trademark infringement. We initially dismissed this it was most likely submitted by some trolls, as they could be submitted anonymously by anyone through our CDN. However, we continued to look into it, and by the following Monday, found it to be very real.
Hasbro is not to be blamed here. As per U.S. Trademark law, as soon as an infringement comes to light, they are obligated to defend the trademark, or they will lose it. They had no choice in the matter, regardless of what they thought of the project or how it benefited them.
The matter was quite strict: there was little that we could do to work around it. We removed the download link and development was suspended. Discussions continued through the month, but it came down to one fact: MLP:Online had come to an end.
MLP:Online: April 2011-November 2012. RIP.
We apologize for the wait. The time that we were taking for our discussions and to announce this publicly was time-boxed. Salty will be posting a eulogy about the project.
But all hope is not lost. While MLPOnline is officially dead and buried, the team is mostly sticking together. Some took their leave due to real-life considerations, but about 75% of the old team remains. We've officially changed our name to Starlight Studios, as per a team vote last week. We have selected a new project. It is pony related, but otherwise we're keeping most of the details secret. It is our goal to have it completed by Bronycon 2013, though this may be ambitious.
You should expect to see something unveiled this summer."
It looks like that unfortunate US Trademark law has reared it's ugly head once again. MLP: online was hit with a request to take down their game a few weeks ago after releasing their first episode, and unfortunately had to comply.As noted in their release, this isn't technically Hasbro's fault. Due to specific requirements when dealing with their trademark, they are forced to take down things that violate it, or they lose it. I do wonder how that pertains to other games though, or what causes a legal team to "notice" something. There are quite a few of them out there, many of which are heavily advertised on the ponynets.Have the exact announcement released today after the break, or hit it up here
By F. Michael Maloof
WASHINGTON – Fake electronic components from China have been discovered in thermal weapons sights delivered to the U.S. Army on mission computers for the Missile Defense Agency's Terminal High Altitude Area Defense, or THAAD, missiles and on military aircraft, including several models of helicopters and the P-8A-Poseidon, according to federal investigators.
Suspected electronic parts were found in the Forward Looking InfraRed, or FLIR, Systems being used on the Navy's SH-60-B. The counterfeit parts were delivered by Raytheon, which alerted the Navy.
The new evidence comes reports that the problem with faked Chinese electronic components being installed in U.S. military systems is far more widespread that originally thought.
The G2Bulletin recently reported a U.S. Senate investigation revealed counterfeit electronics are being found in U.S. defense systems. The parts don't just come directly from China anymore; they also are coming from suppliers in Britain and Canada who redirect Chinese products.
The Senate panel tracked some 1,800 cases of suspected counterfeit parts through the supply chain. It found that U.S. defense contractors had purchased many of the critical components from U.S. companies who in turn obtained them from Chinese firms but never subjected them to testing before handing them over to the U.S. military as part of their contract.
The Senate unit, whose investigators were denied access to Chinese firms by Chinese authorities, said that the evidence “consistently point(s) to China as the epicenter of the global trade in counterfeits.”
To put the growing problem into perspective, Gen. Patrick O'Reilly, director of the U.S. Missile Defense Agency, said, “We do not want a $12 million missile defense interceptor's reliability compromised by a $2 counterfeit part.”
Find out just what the U.S. government is doing about China's antics, in “Bowing to Beijing.”
The military aircraft that have been affected include the SH-60B, AH-64 and CH-46 helicopters; and the C-17, C-130J, C-27J and P-8A Poseidon airplanes
Investigators said if the component in the FLIR's Electromagnetic Interference Filter, or EIF, had failed, then the FLIR itself would fail and the SH-60B could not conduct surface warfare missions, which included firing its hellfire missiles.
A FLIR failure also would compromise the pilot's ability to avoid hazards and identify targets at night, thereby limiting the SH-60B's night mission capability.
A defense subcontractor in Texas had sold the components to Raytheon. The components prior to that sale traveled through four states and three countries, originating with a company called Huajie Electronics Ltd in Shenzhen, China.
Suspect parts also were found in the C-130J and C-27J, two military cargo planes equipped with display units that provide the pilot information on aircraft performance, engine status, fuel use, location and warning messages, according to documentation from Senate investigators.
The display units were manufactured by L-3 Display Systems, a division of L-3 Communications. L-3 Display Systems manufactures the display units for Lockheed Martin, which is the prime contractor for the C-130J. For the C-27J, L-3 Display Systems manufactures the display units for Alenia Aeronautica, a subcontractor to L-3 Integrated Systems.
Display Systems, however, learned that a memory chip used in the display units was a suspect counterfeit. By the time it was noticed, however, the company had installed counterfeit components in more than 500 display units, including in units for the C-27J, the C-130J and C-17 aircraft, and the CH-46 helicopter used by the Marine Corps.
“Failure of the memory chip could cause a display unit to show a degraded image, lose data, or even go blank,” the Senate report said.
While L-3 Display Systems told Alenia after discovering the problem, neither L-3 nor Alenia told the U.S. Air Force for nearly a year after it was discovered that the C-27Js were affected by the suspect parts.
According to the Senate report, L-3 Display Systems had bought the suspect memory chips from an electronics distributor in California. That distributor had bought the chips from Hong Dark Electronic Trade, a company in Shenzhen, China.
In fact, the Senate investigators had uncovered the fact that L-3 had purchased tens of thousands of Hong Dark electronic components that had entered the U.S. defense supply chain.
According to Senate investigators, the U.S. Air Force had reported that more than 84,000 counterfeit electronic parts purchased from Hong Dark “entered the DOD supply chain and many of these parts have been installed on DOD aircraft.”
Senate investigators said that these counterfeit parts are driving up defense costs, in addition to compromising safety and national security.
For example, the Middle Defense Agency had learned that mission computers for THAAD missiles contained suspect counterfeit memory devices. If the devices had failed, MDA said the THAAD missile itself would have failed.
In this case, the memory devices were purchased by Honeywell from an independent distributor. Honeywell had installed them on mission computers which it sold to Lockheed Martin which in turn supplied them to MDA.
Honeywell and Lockheed Martin informed MDA when they determined the parts were suspect and fixed the problem.
However, the cost to fix the problem, which MDA reimbursed to the two companies, was nearly $2.78 million.
“Counterfeit electronic parts pose long-term reliability problems, and reliability is a major driver in the overall cost of a weapon system,” the Senate report said.
The problem of coping with potentially counterfeit parts stems from a policy decision that was made years ago during the Clinton administration to give priority to off-the-shelf components as a way to reduce cost. But they also were supposed to be tested and current investigations indicate that such testing isn't always occurring.
In the Fiscal Year 2012 National Defense Authorization Act, there are a number of provisions to address weaknesses in the defense supply chain, such as those identified by Senate investigators.
The NDAA has provisions to strengthen the inspection regime for imported electronic parts. The NDAA also has provisions to eliminate purchases from unknown and frequently suspect suppliers, given that counterfeit parts often change hands many times before being purchased by defense contractors.
The Senate report said that aggressive inspection and testing practices are necessary to catch counterfeit parts that make it into the supply chain.
“When suspect counterfeit parts are identified, they must be reported,” the report said. “Failing to do so allows suspect suppliers to operate with impunity and puts everyone at risk.”
The earlier article said the issue appears to be connected to “unvetted independent distributors who supply electronic parts for critical military applications.”
The problem of faked or counterfeit products from China, as well as contaminated products, are issues on which WND has reported for years.
WND columnist Phyllis Schlafly wrote last year about fake computer chips that were being purchased by the U.S. military for use in U.S. warplanes, ships and communications networks.
She wrote that malfunctions traced to the chips were being reported as early as 2005. Targeted were computers aboard U.S. F-15 fighter jets at Robins Air Force Base in Georgia.
Even at that point, officials said at least 15 percent of the spare and replacement chips the Pentagon was buying were counterfeit.
Officials in the National Intelligence Agency and the FBI expressed concern then that the fakes could let the Chinese gain access to secure systems inside the United States.
Schlafly wrote at the time: “The U.S. bought 59,000 counterfeit microchips from China for use in our warships, planes, missile and antimissile systems but fortunately were discovered they are fake in time. How many didn't we catch?”
One Senate investigator even discovered that electronic components had been harvested from “e-waste” and sometimes were sold on public sidewalks and in public markets in China.
There also are whole factories in China with up to 15,000 people employed for the purpose of counterfeiting products.
WND has not been alone in its reporting. DefenseTech also reported on the danger: “You don't have to be a genius to see the safety nightmare presented by fake parts on incredibly complex systems like submarines, fighter jets and tiltrotors.”
On a related issue, WND has led the way in reporting on contaminated or defective consumer products coming out of China.
During a one-month period, 17 of 28 products recalled by the Consumer Product Safety Commission were Chinese imports.
They included:
Hammock stands that are unstable and cause those who use them to fall to the ground in alarming numbers: About 3,000 imported by Algoma Net Co. of Wisconsin and sold in Kohl's, Target and other retail outlets have been called back. There have been at least 28 reports of brackets cracking or breaking and consumers falling to the ground.
Toy castles that could choke your young child: Some 68,000 Shape Sorting Toy Castles produced by Infantino were recalled after at least four reports of children nearly choking on colored beads that slid off the toy and lodged in their throats.
Kids jewelry that could poison them: About 20,000 Essentials for Kids Jewelry Sets have been recalled by the CPSC because of toxic levels of lead in the paint – a frequent problem with products from China.
Magnet toys that could perforate your child's intestines: About 800 Mag Stix Magnetic Building Sets were recalled by the CPSC, which found the plastic sticks can be swallowed or aspirated. The agency found one 8-year-old girl was hospitalized after swallowing loose magnets. Extensive surgery was required to remove the magnets and repair intestinal perforations.
Other products found to have problems were portable baby swings that entrap youngsters, swimming pool ladders that break, faulty baby carriers that result in babies falling out and getting bruised, Easy-Bake Ovens that trap children's fingers in openings, resulting in burns, oscillating tower fans whose faulty wiring results in fires, exploding air pumps, oil-filled electric heaters that burn down homes, notebook computer batteries that burn up computers and circular saws with faulty blade guards.
Found to have been contaminated in recent years are Chinese products ranging from pet food to seafood intended for humans.
A WND study showed the Food and Drug Administration found products intended for human consumption tainted with pesticides, carcinogens, bacteria and banned drugs.
China was found to be raising most of its fish products – intended for the U.S. – in water contaminated with raw sewage and compensating by using dangerous drugs and chemicals, many of which are banned by the Food and Drug Administration.
Also, the deadly contaminant found in Chinese-made toothpaste – diethylene glycol – is a solvent used in antifreeze that killed 107 Americans when it was introduced in an elixir 70 years ago.
A resurgence in lead-poisoning cases in U.S. children was linked to Chinese imports – toys, makeup, glazed pottery and other products that contain significant amounts of lead and are being recalled by the CPSC on a regular basis.
Imports from China were recalled by the CPSC twice as often as products made everywhere else in the world, including the U.S., showed a WND study of 2007 government reports.
WND reported how China was shipping to the U.S. honey tainted with a potentially life-threatening antibiotic as well as adulterating exports with sugar.
F. Michael Maloof, staff writer for WND's G2Bulletin, is a former senior security policy analyst in the Office of the Secretary of Defense. He can be contacted at [email protected]
Image copyright ESA Image caption The Rosetta spacecraft arrived at the comet in August 2014
The Rosetta probe will be crash-landed on Comet 67P on Friday 30 September, the European Space Agency has confirmed.
The manoeuvre, which is expected to destroy the satellite, will bring to an end two years of investigations at the 4km-wide icy dirt-ball.
Flight controllers plan to have the cameras taking and relaying pictures during the final descent.
Sensors that "sniff" the chemical environment will also be switched on.
All other instruments will likely be off.
Flight dynamics experts have still to work out the fine details, but Rosetta will be put into a tight ellipse around the comet and commanded to drop its periapsis (the lowest pass) progressively. A final burn will then put the satellite on a collision course with the duck-shaped object.
Mission managers have previously talked about bringing Rosetta down in a place dubbed "Agilkia" - the location originally chosen to land its surface robot, Philae, in November 2014.
In the event, Philae bounced a kilometre away, but Agilkia's relatively flat terrain is an attractive option still, although other targets are being studied.
Image copyright ESA/Rosetta/NAVCAM Image caption Controllers may aim again for "Agilkia", which is on the "head" of the duck-shaped comet
Having swept around the Sun last August, Comet 67P is currently on a trajectory that is taking it away from the inner Solar System towards the orbit of Jupiter.
Today, the probe is nearly half a billion km from the Sun.
This means the amount of light falling on Rosetta's solar panels is gradually diminishing; and, as a consequence, it has less power day by day to run its instruments and sub-systems.
Engineers would soon have to put the satellite into hibernation mode if they wanted to use it long term - during 67P's next encounter with the Sun in a few years' time.
But having already spent 12 years in space, battling huge temperature swings and damaging radiation, not to mention a much-reduced fuel load - there is little confidence Rosetta will still be operable so far into the future.
The crash-landing on the other hand offers the opportunity to get some very close-in science to complement the more distant remote sensing it has been doing.
Controllers will try to maintain contact with the satellite for as long as possible during the final descent.
Much will depend on how well Rosetta copes with the dusty environment around the comet.
Recent months have seen several occasions when the probe's navigation equipment, which tracks the stars to define a position in space, has got confused in the maelstrom of particles emanating from 67P's surface.
This has tripped the satellite into a "safe mode" that shuts down all non-essential operations, including instrument observations.
Rosetta will need to be commanded not to do this in the minutes before impact.
Crash-landing has become a common way to end the missions of planetary probes.
Most have been very high-velocity impacts, but a few, like the one Rosetta will attempt, have been walking-pace touchdowns.
In 2001, the US space agency's Near Shoemaker probe put down on the asteroid Eros so gently that it continued to work for a further two weeks at the surface before engineers eventually determined to terminate communications.
This will not be the case with Rosetta, however. Controllers are expected to program an auto shutoff, which will be triggered at the moment the satellite hits 67P.
Even if by chance its antenna were to survive the crush, Rosetta will not be calling home.
Comet 67P - "Space duck" in numbers
A full rotation of the body takes just over 12.4 hours
The axis of rotation runs through the "neck" region
Its larger lobe ("body") is about 4.1 × 3.3 × 1.8 km
The smaller lobe ("head") is about 2.6 × 2.3 × 1.8 km
Gravity measurements give a mass of 10 billion tonnes
Mapping estimates the volume to be about 21.4 cubic km
Jonathan.Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk and follow me on Twitter: @BBCAmos
Father Frank Pavone, the head of Priests for Life, is one of the anti-abortion leaders who have reluctantly come around to Donald Trump now that he is the presumptive GOP presidential nominee, saying last week that for abortion rights opponents, the choice between Trump and a Democrat is a choice “between doubt and certainty.”
Pavone explained his thinking more in an interview Tuesday on Ave Maria Radio, saying that he reminds people who are having doubts about voting for Trump about the importance of Supreme Court nominations and presents them with an utterly depressing analogy:
Here's the analogy I've been using for folks to consider: It's like being on a runaway train. Let's presume, it's an odd situation, but let's presume that you're at the controls of a runaway train. And the train cannot be stopped and you know that at the end of the track it's going to do damage, so you can't stop the train. But supposed the only thing you could do is to switch the track that the train is on so that at the end of Track A's going to kill 10 people and at the end of Track B it's going to kill 100 people. Now, you don't want to kill anybody. Nobody wants to kill anybody. But you can't stop the train. So, what are you going to do? Are you going to say, ‘Oh, I'm not going to do anything'? Or are you going to do your best to switch it to the track where it's going to do less damage. Now, some people say, ‘I don't want to kill 10 people and I don't want to kill 100 people, so I'm not going to do anything.' Yeah, but if the train is on the track, then, to do the more damage, don't you share responsibility for not doing something to try to minimize the damage? This is not the choice between the lesser of two evils: We don't choose evil at all. It's a choice to limit evil. And the choice to limit evil is a good.
He added that according to the catechism, voting is “morally obligatory.”
Stoneman made his Test debut in August and has the highest score of 56
Fourth Ashes Test, Australia v England Venue: Melbourne Cricket Ground Dates: 26-30 December Coverage: Ball-by-ball Test Match Special commentary on BBC Radio 5 live sports extra, Radio 4 LW, online, tablets, mobiles and BBC Sport app. Live text commentary on the BBC Sport website.
Opener Mark Stoneman admits losing the first three Ashes Tests is "pretty devastating" but insists there is no gulf between England and Australia.
England surrendered the Ashes with defeat in Perth and are now looking to avoid a third 5-0 whitewash in their last four visits down under.
"We're capable of winning games here," Surrey batsman Stoneman told BBC Sport.
"It by no means felt an unachievable task and going to Melbourne we'll give everything to get a positive result."
England, who face Australia in the fourth Test at the 100,000-capacity Melbourne Cricket Ground on Boxing Day, have shown moments of promise in the series, bowling out the hosts for 328 in the first match in Brisbane and 138 in the second innings at Adelaide.
However, they lost those first two Tests by 10 wickets and 120 runs.
Then in Perth the tourists reached 368-4 after centuries from Dawid Malan and Jonny Bairstow, but lost their last six wickets for 35 runs and went on to a defeat by an innings and 41 runs.
But, asked if it felt as if England were playing against a better side Stoneman, who has played six Tests, said: "In all honesty no, we're two sides of fairly balanced bowling attacks.
"They have maybe had us covered at times in the pace department but when we've had the ball moving we've shown we're able to put their batsmen under a lot of pressure and at times with the bat as well we've been putting runs on the board, but just not enough.
"Despite what's being reported in matters off-field this group has really worked hard and it's just those key moments each time they've managed to get the upper hand on us."
England have had to deal with incidents away from the field, with Bairstow accused of headbutting Australia's Cameron Bancroft - albeit in a manner intended to be genial - and Ben Duckett suspended from playing on the Lions tour of Australia after pouring a drink over James Anderson in a Perth bar.
"There's a lot made of nothing really and there's work that's going in, commitment that everybody throughout the group has shown, from the very beginning, pre-tour even, to give our utmost to be successful over here," said Newcastle-born left-hander Stoneman.
"Yes results haven't gone our way but the commitment and effort has never been wavering and that's quite disappointing when all the reports have been about trivial things."
Listen to 5 live's Ashes review with Phil Tufnell, Mark Butcher and Marcus North
How are the Ashes affecting your life?
How have you been following the Ashes from afar, and how has it affected your normal sleeping patterns?
Have you been able to stay up all night and follow the action? Or have you been listening to TMS under the duvet? Perhaps you have been waking more than usual to check updates on the BBC Sport app?
Do you go into work bleary-eyed each morning? How do you juggle day-to-day life with the desire to follow cricket in a distant land?
We're keen to hear about your tales of cricket-induced sleep deprivation/batting collapse nightmares. Contact us via this form, and leave your details if you are happy for a journalist from BBC Sport to phone or email you.
Sector3 Studios has done a great job this past year, turning RaceRoom Racing Experience into a very solid racing title. Now, they are adding even more features and content to the sim, so we are seeing even more happening. Sector3 has released a few new previews, showing off four new additions coming to RaceRoom Racing Experience.
First up, we have a preview of Sonoma Raceway, which is slated to be the next track coming to RaceRoom Racing Experience. This features a commentary by WTCC driver Tom Coronel, as a lap of the 2.5 mile circuit is completed. While we had to miss out on the 2014 WTCC race in real life, you'll now be able to recreate it in RaceRoom Racing Experience.
Next, we have a preview of the new transmission model coming to the sim. This new video features a real-time overlay of the transmission's torque readings, which shows how it is replicated. Previously, the transmission seemed quite “scripted”, and somewhat unrealistic. Now, with this new update, it seems a lot more dynamic and raw. This is a welcome addition to the sim, and I'm looking forward to testing it for myself.
To close out the previews, we have a couple videos, showing off features bound to please those looking to race. RaceRoom Racing Experience is getting the ability to form a custom championship offline, so you can compete across multiple races with the AI. You can choose the cars, pick out the tracks, and get going.
If you're looking to compete online with friends, Sector3 is adding dedicated server functionality to RaceRoom Racing Experience. This looks to be one of the cleanest interfaces I've seen for a Dedicated Server, so let's hope it works as well as it looks! I'd like to see other sims take note of this (*cough* rFactor 2 *cough*), to create a more streamlined experience for making a server.
With all of these things coming to the sim, we can be forgiven for remembering that RaceRoom Racing Experience is still a Free-to-Play title. They have been bringing this title to a whole new level, above and beyond what we expected a year ago. Sector3 looks to have a bright future ahead, and I'm looking forward to seeing what happens.
What are you looking forward to in RaceRoom Racing Experience? Let us know in the comments!
A growing interest in energy policy and energy security studies in the social sciences (political science, international relations, regional studies, law) has been evident. The present introductory course proposes a general methodology for energy security studies. It will also include an overview of main specialized websites.
This is an introductory course to the energy policy courses, which aims at introducing basic concepts of energy security. The course is recommended for students of various social science disciplines who might write research papers on the issue of energy security. For example, the module would address the students specialized in European studies and willing to produce a MA thesis on the European energy security; students of Russian studies and conducting related studies; students of economic sciences willing to specialize in energy policy in the future. The online course does not replace a detailed specialization in energy policy, law or economics however, it can be used as a supplementary material by these students.
A shooting outside a Missouri mall late Thursday left a 19-year-old with life-threatening injuries.
The incident occurred outside the Columbia Mall in Columbia, Mo. when a man allegedly fired his gun after attempting to place it in his holster, KMIZ reported. It wasn't immediately clear if the shooting was accidental or deliberate.
MISSOURI POLICE OFFICERS' LUNCHES PAID FOR AT DELI BY ‘MYSTERY MAN'
"We were literally just talking about how we thought it was pretty lucky that nothing happened tonight, and then we come out and this is what we saw," Brittany Huhn, a shopper, told KSHB. "It's kind of scary to be honest."
Police haven't made any arrests.
‘NON-WHITE' STUDENT LINKED TO RACIST GRAFFITI INSIDE SCHOOL, OFFICIALS SAY
"There's nobody outstanding; we have everybody we need to talk to. Nobody was in any sort of danger," Sgt. Clint Sinclair of the Columbia Police Department told KSHB. "We have our detectives investigating, as well as our forensic evidence team but there's no danger to any shoppers or anything at any point during this situation.
The injured person's identity was not immediately released.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
The Gulf of Mexico teems with biodiversity and contains some of the globe's most productive fisheries. Yet starting in the early 1970s, large swaths of the Gulf began to experience annual dead zones in the late summer and early fall. This year's will likely be nearly a third larger than normal, about the size of Connecticut, according to a recent report from the Louisiana Universities Marine Consortium and Louisiana State University.
This year's dead zone will likely be nearly a third larger than normal.
The problem is tied to industrial-scale meat production. To churn out huge amounts chicken, beef, and pork, the meat industry relies on corn as cheap feed. The US grows about a third of the globe's corn, the great bulk of it in the Midwest, on land that drains into the Mississippi River. Every year, fertilizer runoff from Midwestern farms leaches into the Mississippi and makes its way to the Gulf of Mexico.
Intended to feed the nation's vast corn crop, this renegade nitrogen instead feeds vast aquatic algae blooms in the early summer. When the algae bloom die and decay, they tie up oxygen from the water underneath. As a result, as the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Organization puts it, “habitats that would normally be teeming with life become, essentially, biological deserts.”
Corn farmers typically plant freshly fertilized fields in April, leaving them prone to runoff from May storms. To predict the coming season's dead zone, the Louisiana researchers looked at nitrogen loads coming into the Gulf in May, using NOAA data.
They're expecting an unusually big one this year. And their report amounts to a de facto rebuke to the federal effort to address the problem: The Environmental Protection Agency's Gulf Hypoxia Task Force, a largely voluntary effort to reduce fertilizer pollution in the Mississippi watershed. If this year's dead zone turns out to be as large expected—about 6,800 square miles—it will be more than three times larger than EPA task force's maximum target of around 2,000 square miles. As for the goal of reducing the amount of nitrogen streaming into the Gulf? “No progress has been made,” the Louisiana researchers bluntly stated.
Environmental Working Group's Emily Cassidy adds:
The big river's nitrogen concentration is nearing its highest level since 1997, when record-keeping began. According to the U.S. Geological Survey the river's nitrogen concentrations have been above normal every month this year.
She also notes that fertilizer runoff does more than blot out sea life in this crucial and beleaguered ecosystem. It also fouls people's drinking water in cities throughout the Midwest, including Des Moines, Columbus, and Toledo.
What good Christian doesn't love that sublimely spiritual moment on Sunday when the priest or minister says, “And now, let us pray — but first let's see if we can fix Angela up on a date”?
That's right, it's time for “It Takes a Church,” a new GSN series that puts “The Bachelorette,” “The Dating Game” and their ilk in a house of worship. The series begins Thursday night, slotted after GSN's popular game show “The American Bible Challenge,” where it's hoping to capitalize on that market and probably will. What this says about the state of America's spiritual health is open to question.
Each week the show visits a congregation and matches up one of its single members with a prospective mate. The first episode travels to the Rock Worship Center in Charlotte, N.C., where 30-year-old Angela laments, “I can't find a man.” Apparently, she hasn't been looking very hard, because when the TV cameras come to town one Sunday, bachelors pop up from the congregation like weeds, each accompanied by a “matchmaker” — his mother or some other advocate — extolling his virtues.
The gimmick of the show is: It's not Angela who does the initial winnowing. It's the congregation, though the criteria the parishioners are using to thin the field are not clear. Anyway, after the elimination round, the usual shallow banter ensues — here, devoid of the sexual innuendo common on other dating shows — and Angela eventually picks one fellow for a date, the results of which we do not learn. Don't be too glum, also-rans; you get a membership in the dating service ChristianMingle (which is a partner with GSN in the series).
Thomas Piketty's Capital in the Twenty-First Century has been an immense success. As the book's translator, I'm not surprised it has found an audience. Having spent many months with the text, I know the depth of the research it embodies and the importance of its argument for our current political debate about inequality. Since publication, I have followed the reviews with great interest. Some, like Robert Solow's, have engaged with the deep structure of the argument, performing a real service to readers who may not be fully prepared to digest the sheer volume of material that Piketty presents in 655 pages replete with graphs, tables, and the necessary minimum of mathematical formulas. Other commentators have preferred to ride their own personal hobby horses rather than engage with the challenge of Piketty. An article that falls into the latter category, by James Poulos, appeared here on The Daily Beast.
When I read Poulos's piece, I was startled to come upon the following passage: “Even an undergraduate level of engagement with Democracy in America would reveal, in virtually every chapter, that Piketty is not only wrong but glibly and perilously so.” This quite took my breath away, since I am the translator not only of Piketty but also of Tocqueville's Democracy in America. Somehow it had escaped my notice that Tocqueville refuted Piketty, even though I think it is safe to say that my engagement with Tocqueville is a bit beyond the undergraduate level. In addition to translating his book about America, I have also translated The Ancien Régime and the Revolution as well as a hefty volume of letters, diaries, and other material from Tocqueville's travels in the United States. Next year I will translate his Souvenirs. And I have published a number of papers on Tocqueville, lectured on his work, attended conferences of Tocqueville scholars, and studied his writings for nearly 40 years. So what did Poulos see that I didn't?
Actually, it's difficult to say. His column is such a mishmash of assertion and non-sequitur that it's hard to fasten on an argument. He turns first to the chapter entitled “How Industry Could Give Rise to an Aristocracy” (I prefer to cite my own translation rather than the one Poulos uses). Exactly why Poulos thinks this chapter constitutes a devastating riposte to Piketty (or to the political scientists Jacob Hacker and Paul Pierson, whose review comparing Piketty to Tocqueville is the immediate provocation for his diatribe) is not clear. Piketty is well aware that there are ways in which the top 1 percent of today's income and wealth hierarchies might be compared to the aristocracy of Ancien Régime France. He says, for example, that “in France in 1789, it is generally estimated that the aristocracy represented 1 to 2 percent of the population, the clergy less than 1 percent, and the ‘Third Estate,' meaning (under the political system of the Ancien Régime) all the rest, from peasantry to bourgeoisie, more than 97 percent.”
Of course, Poulos has a different Tocquevillean “aristocracy” in mind—not the hereditary aristocracy of the Ancien Régime but “the manufacturing aristocracy,” which, “having impoverished and brutalized the men it uses, abandons them in times of crisis and turns them over to public assistance to be fed … [a] manufacturing aristocracy that … is one of the cruelest that has ever existed on earth.” Poulos seems unafraid of this “cruelty,” however, perhaps because he accepts Tocqueville's benign view that this industrial aristocracy “is also one of the most limited and least dangerous.”
Why was Tocqueville not more alarmed by the economic power that he saw emerging in the early days of American industrialization? For one thing, he believed that “the rich do not exist as a class, because rich people have no common spirit or objectives or traditions or hopes.” For another, he imagined that social mobility would constantly renew the upper crust, eliminating old money and bringing in new: “The elements of the poor class are almost fixed, but the elements of the rich class are not.”
Tocqueville's actions didn't always match his words, however. Some 20 years after he wrote Democracy in America, a vast network of railroads had been built in the United States, largely with the aid of foreign capital. Tocqueville invested a good part of his fortune in several of these ventures. When he felt his investment threatened by political turmoil in the U.S., his youthful doubts about the “common spirit or objectives” of the wealthy did not prevent him from writing to his American friend Theodore Sedgwick, an influential attorney, in search of insider information: “Do you believe that if there is indeed a crisis, the funds I mention would be at risk?” Later, thanking Sedgwick for the information he provided, Tocqueville wrote, “Your attitude is that of a true friend, and it is impossible not to reciprocate.” What an eloquent expression of the “solidarity” of the capitalist class—a solidarity that Poulos, on the basis of the younger Tocqueville's assertion, believes did not exist.
As for social mobility, Tocqueville wrote at a time when American industry was in its infancy. He can be forgiven for not anticipating the link that exists between inequality and intergenerational social mobility: the more unequal a society is, the more likely children are to inherit the relative social position of their parents. Note, too, that while Tocqueville feared that democratic inheritance laws would lead to the breakup of large fortunes, the château in which he lived in Normandy is still inhabited to this day by his descendants. As his translator, I was privileged to examine the manuscript of Democracy in America in the castle tower where Tocqueville wrote. Piketty shows how such “dynasties of wealth” are likely to be preserved and enriched whenever the return on capital is greater than the growth rate of the economy, as it has been throughout much of history. That Tocqueville was a “genius,” to use Poulos's word, does not mean that he was right about everything.
In any event, Poulos is not impressed by dynasties of wealth. For him, these are not authentic dynasties but ephemeral groups of “fake aristocrats” who “prefer to live under the government's rule [rather] than to rule over any peons.” This assertion is unintelligible. Surely the vast sums spent by today's dynasties of wealth—our great corporations—to lobby the government and influence elections suggest that the owners of capital “prefer to live under the government's rule” when they control the government. Indeed, as Piketty shows, when the influence of capital is weakened, as it was in the middle of the twentieth century, inequalities of wealth and income can be reduced.
But having said that the fake aristocrats “prefer to live under the government's rule,” Poulos then reverses himself to say that in fact they do rule, not by buying elections but by claiming “patronage appointments to government positions.” His proposed remedy for this ill is not to sever the nexus between wealth and power, as Piketty proposes, but simply to deny patronage appointments to the wealthy and “sharply limit the scope of centralized government.” He would have us believe that this was Tocqueville's preference as well. But Tocqueville in fact distinguished between two kinds of centralization: centralized administration and centralized government. Of the latter he wrote, “I cannot conceive that a nation can endure, much less prosper, without a high degree of governmental centralization.”
The functions that the central government must perform have changed since Tocqueville's day, but his observation about the need for central coordination remains true. Ultimately, though, Poulos does not believe that democratic government means what it means for both Tocqueville and Piketty: government of the people, by the people, and for the people, who must choose for themselves how to organize their lives, what degree of inequality they wish to tolerate in the name of economic efficiency, and how they wish to apportion power among the several levels of government and the masters of the economy. No, for Poulos, citizens had best remain silent, the better “to contemplate … the most powerful force for ameliorating the vanity [sic] of the super-rich and our deeply wounded pride: belief in God, and belief in our souls.” No doubt such contemplation of the divine is edifying for some, but others will prefer to grapple with the challenges of sustaining social security and unemployment insurance, protecting voting rights, supplying education to all, and countering the inevitable volatility of the market economy.
Because Tocqueville was such an assiduous researcher, who returned from his travels in the U.S. with trunkloads of documents filled with statistical data of all kinds, I have no doubt he would have found the data compiled by Thomas Piketty fascinating. Unlike Poulos, he was not wedded to his preconceptions about American society; he came here with his eyes open and modified his opinions as he gathered information and talked with experts who knew more than he did about how the American political system and economy worked. Had he had the benefit of witnessing what the fledgling industrial economy has become, he would have modified his views accordingly. To know Tocqueville's mind, therefore, it is better to return to his text—and to read it in conjunction with Piketty's— than to rely on James Poulos's phantasmagorical and indefensible ramblings.
Arthur Goldhammer is a Senior Affiliate of the Center for European Studies at Harvard University and the translator of 125 works from the French.
So, you read our recent review of Assimilate: A Critical History of Industrial Music by S. Alexander Reed and, like many others, said to yourself, “Damn, now that sounds interesting! I have to have it.” Then you went to sleep that evening and promptly forgot about the whole thing. That's okay, you can be forgiven.
You may also have another chance to own a copy without ever having to drop a dime for it. The good folks over at Oxford University Press were kind enough to supply us with a giveaway copy of Assimilate, and it could be yours. All you have to do is “like” us on Facebook here and, since this is a critical history, tell us in a comment on this article what you think the single biggest problem facing industrial music today is and, more importantly, why. The winner will be chosen on February 7th, contacted privately, and announced in a comment here.
Even if you don't win, however, we'd still encourage you to purchase a copy as the book is still very much in print and available. This 376-page tome is rich with information on industrial music and would be a solid reference for any fan of the genre.
Lane by lane, a bowling ball hurtled towards the ten pins down the lane. There was a moment at each lane when the action stopped, and the ball spun down the waxed wood with a very particular, familiar and accurate motion. Each time, the ball had just come off of the fingers of Thunder point guard Russell Westbrook.
As a part of his seventh-annual Why Not? Bowling event on Friday night, Westbrook had his own game going (his highest score ever is 279), but also made sure to stop by and bowl the families and groups that came out to support him. In addition to all of his Thunder teammates, the coaching staff and some of his fellow Oklahomans, Westbrook had support on Friday from people all over the globe who flew in to make their support known.
“It's great that they come out and support something that I'm doing, that I believe in and that I love,” Westbrook said. “This is definitely a start to bigger and better things down the line. Every year we try to constantly make it bigger and bigger to make sure people understand how important it is to come together.”
Westbrook has inspired families and business people globally to give to the Why Not? Foundation, supporting the mission to pursue their education through reading. The Why Not? Foundation recently announced the opening of 10 more Russell's Reading Rooms, bringing Westbrook's grand total to 19.
“(Westbrook) shows up to everything. You can give money, you can give things, but he gives his time and effort,” said Zane Woods, who attended the event with his family. “To show up, that's when the kids light up, that's when everybody gets excited.”
“I'm proud to have (Westbrook) be a role model to my sons and for them to see that,” added Mara Kraushaar, while her sons were behind her, clowning around with Thunder players. “It's unbelievably exciting. It's the highlight of the year. All of the players are so nice to them and they're all having so much fun.”
The adults were there to support the programs that Westbrook's foundation supports, which include his events around the holidays that always manage to bring a bright spot into the lives of children who are going through a hard time. The children in attendance, however, had their own agenda. After getting to chat and eat with Thunder players and coaches, it was time for them all to have a friendly bowling competition.
Point guard Norris Cole helped set up a ramp for a young girl to drop her ball into while Victor Oladipo danced and sang in between rolls down the lane. As the game concluded, Andre Roberson celebrated like a child with a kid in his lane when they both broke 100. Westbrook's Why Not? Foundation didn't just bring people together on Friday night, but was a great reminder of all of the things Westbrook aims to do for the youth in Oklahoma.
“Russ is doing a great job of running his foundation. I'm here to support it any way I can,” said Andre Roberson, a veteran of the Why Not? Bowling event. “That's what it's all about, being there for your teammate.”
“It's a really cool deal,” Why Not? Bowling first-timer Doug McDermott said. “It says a lot about (Westbrook) as a person. I know he's very involved in the community. People look at that and want to support our team even more.”
Google has begun 2013 with announcements of two significant investments to advance the future of renewable energy and energy efficiency in the United States.
Marking a significant new milestone in its clean energy advocacy efforts, Google's philanthropic arm, google.org, issued a grant of $2.65 million to the Energy Foundation on Monday to “support policy reforms that will lead to more intelligent energy use.”
“Policy reforms” is a key phrase here: Google isn't content to buy renewable energy for its data centers – it actually wants policies that mean consumers and businesses can use more clean energy and be smarter about the energy they use.
Google's grant comes on the heels of a $200 million investment it made last week in a wind farm, the Spinning Spur project in the Texas panhandle. That put Google's to-date investments in clean energy projects at over $1 billion.
“We're also proud to be the first investor in an EDF Renewable Energy project that is not a financial institution, as we believe that corporations can be an important new source of capital for the renewable energy sector,” Google said of the investment.
Additionally, Google worked with organizations like ACORE to support extension of the Wind Production Tax Credit that barely eked through the U.S. Congress at the end of the year. While a one-year extension is hardly enough stability for the growing but still young U.S. wind industry, the extra 12 months will be crucial to getting more wind projects started in 2013.
Last year, Google's willingness to advocate for clean energy, and to put its money where its mouth is, earned it the top spot in Greenpeace's Cool IT Leaderboard, which ranks technology companies for their climate and clean energy leadership. Other US companies, like Microsoft, AT&T, and IBM, lagged far behind.
Greenpeace will release its next Cool IT Leaderboard at the end of February – check it out to see how other companies compare to Google's clean energy leadership.
by
The last thing the GOP field of candidates would have wanted was Donald Trump continuing to make headlines and confronting them with such bread and butter issues of prejudice as what to do with Islam in the United States. Then there was that issue that had shadowed Trump like a storm of doubt: Is Obama really “American”? Has a follower of the Prophet been occupying the White House all this time?
Having smeared and praised Washington's southern neighbours as rapists and marauders yet inspired by an ambitious leadership, Trump decided to go a few rounds with the issue of Islam. But he was in no mood to be ecumenical. This was familiar, reactionary terrain.
A town hall rally in New Hampshire was not perhaps the ideal venue for the trigger, but it did give Trump a chance to respond to a questioner who was sporting a good number of fears. “We have a problem in this country. It's called Muslims. We know our current president is one. You know he's not even an American. Birth certificate, man.”
Trump added a boost to the questioner, saying that “we need this question. This is the first question.” This provided enough encouragement. “But anyway, we have training camps growing where they want to kill us. That's my question: When can we get rid of them.”
Pure conspiracy theory; and purely, the politics of reaction. In such thinking, the enemy is not so much without, where wickedness is simply presumed, but within, when it supposedly lulls you, like the Devil, into a false sense of security. There can be nothing more lulling than the notion of presidential propriety when the man in the Oval Office is supposedly an agent of the enemy.
The questioner had evidently received encouragement by the recent circumstances surrounding Ahmed Mohamed's now fabled clock. The conservative press lines were keen to find some plausibility behind the notion that the 14-year old school boy was a jihadi in a different dress in bringing a clock to school.
School officials, writes Kyle Smith for the New York Post (Sep 19), thought “as 95 percent of Americans would, that it kinda looked like a bomb”. Ahmed was subsequently handcuffed and, once the dust settled, suspended.
This is a rationale that creates its own evidence, which, when shown not to exist, is justified on the basis that it might have existed. The clock “beeped”; it was “strange-looking” and “homemade” – suggesting an earthy, terrorist domesticity. Such circumstances of invention duly presented themselves in the New Hampshire townhall.
Wanting to play along that line, Trump's response was not so much feeble as conciliatory to the questioner's position. “We're going to be looking at a lot of different things and, you know, a lot of people are saying that, and a lot of people are saying that bad things are happening out there.”
The Christian-Muslim card is going to be hard sell in the US electorate. There is an assured space for bigotry and political perversions, but some of these have to be tempered as the campaign wears on. The longer Trump spends on his failed pet project of outing Obama's “birth certificate”, the more time he expends on a non-issue. This will fly in some small circles, but it is idiocy misspent.
The Trump team response showed all the signs of falling into this limbo, one of embracing the politics of reaction while claiming it was one of plausible substance. “Mr Trump was referring to the need to protect Christians' religious liberties as his previous statement says and nothing more.” As far as the issue of training camps was concerned, Team Trump were happy to file it in the homework folder: “we will look into it.”
Such a response also showed a measure of confusion. Trump's campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, decided to iron out the evident wrinkling by suggesting deafness. “All [Trump] heard was a question about training camps, which he said we will have a look into.” Some juice – most of it – had to removed from the steak.
Naturally, such behaviour allows the Democrats room to strike, even if this risks fanning flames that really need no oxygen. “GOP frontrunner Donald Trump's racism,” claimed Democratic National Committee chairwoman Debbie Wasserman, “knows no bounds.” But this is not quite the case, given that Trump shows, at least at times, a certain calculating approach to how he plays the race card.
Fellow GOP contenders find themselves in the unenviable situation where they must take a stance: What is your feeling about Mr T on the subject? Mike Huckabee has decided to show support, going so far at the debates to suggest that, “The candidates we have on stage are the A team. We even have our own Mr. T, who doesn't mind saying about others: you're a fool!”
Rick Santorum and Ted Cruz decided to go on the offensive against those who reported the incident, rather than the incident itself. Lindsey Graham, Chris Christie and Jeb Bush took the line that Trump had erred in not standing up to the question, and not believing that Obama was born in the US.
Bad things are, indeed, happening “out there”, but the badlands of GOP thinking continue to cause despair and amusement. Trump is revelling in it, because he never had to adapt. His fellow “A” Team members, however, are still finding the pitch that will embrace a political centre without keeling over in the process.
28 new and classic music tracks confirmed for the anti-grav racer's return
With two weeks to go to until the 7th June launch of WipEout Omega Collection, we're stoked to finally reveal the full soundtrack, featuring a mix of WipEout legends like The Prodigy and The Chemical Brothers, through to unreleased tracks from breaking artists.
Electronic dance music has always been part of the DNA of WipEout and the original games were key in introducing new artists to a worldwide audience. We've kept true to that philosophy on Omega – tapping into the wealth of exciting artists out there.
From the raw drum n' bass of Memtrix to the stripped down electro-house of Dillon Francis & NGHTMRE, all with the energy to propel you even faster around the track!
Check out the full track list here:
ADDIKTION – Shake It (WipEout Omega Instrumental Edit) Airwolf – Talking Bass feat. Stace Cadet (Taiki Nulight Edit) Black Sun Empire & State of Mind – Kill That Noise (WipEout Omega Edit) Boys Noize – XTC (The Chemical Brothers Remix) Brodinski feat Louisahhh – Let The Beat Control Your Body Carbon Community vs. Burufunk – Community Funk (Deadmau5 remix) David Tort & Danielle Simeone – You Got To (WipEout Omega Edit) DC Breaks – Breathe (Instrumental VIP Mix) CODE:MANTA – DFCK Dillon Francis & NGHTMRE – Need You (DJ Hanzel & Drezo Remix) DJ Kentaro feat. Matrix & Futurebound – North South East West (Tha New Team Remix) Emika – Double Edge (GeRM Remix) James Talk – Remote (Deadmau5 Remix) Jerome Isma-Ae & Paul Thomas – Tomorrow (Luke Chable Remix) Krakota – Lust Thrust Matrix & Futurebound – Glow Worm Matt Anthony – Headlights Memtrix – IC YR PAIN Metrik – Bring It Like That Movement Machina & Timo Vaittinen – Upsides Have Downsides (WipEout Omega Edit) Noisia & The Upbeats – Dead Limit Red One – Born Free Soundprank – Obsidian Swanky Tunes – Give It Swedish House Mafia vs Knife Party – Antidote (Swedish House Mafia Dub) The Chemical Bros – C-h-e-m-i-c-a-l The Prodigy – Invaders Must Die Warden – Get Down
You can listen to the WipEout Omega Collection soundtrack on Spotify now:
WipEout Omega Collection is released on 7th June 2017 and is available for pre-order on PlayStation Store now.
[ Note: Kausfiles received the following from a gravelly-voiced outdoorsman in Arkansas who refused to give his name.]
“It was strictly an accident. The dog just darted out.” That is what the media wants us to believe about the death of Buddy, Bill Clinton's 4-year-old Labrador retriever. (See “Who Is Buddy?” Wall Street Journal, Dec. 1997.) But is the truth about this—the latest Clinton casualty—that conveniently simple?
What do we really know about Buddy's death? Who stood to benefit? Consider the following:
On Dec. 19, 2001 Clinton has a meeting in his Harlem office to discuss ways to repair his “battered” image. The meeting is described in the New York Times as having a “special urgency.” An image-building speech on globalization at Yale has apparently not brought Clinton the expected public sympathy.
Democratic leaders, Clinton is reported to have said, had not spoken up sufficiently on his behalf. They could not be relied on.
Present at the meeting was Bruce Lindsey, Clinton's secretive consigliere and the man entrusted with the Clintons' most distasteful tasks.
Exactly two weeks later, Buddy was dead. As could have been predicted, Clinton benefited from a wave of public sympathy—sympathy he hadn't felt since at least Sept. 11. Clinton's office almost instantly issued a press statement saying the Clintons were “deeply saddened by Buddy's death.”
It's almost as if it had been planned all along.
A look at the actual circumstances of Buddy's demise does little to allay suspicions. As many as nine strange facts remain uninvestigated. Consider:
THE NINE SUSPICIOUS FACTS ABOUT BUDDY'S DEATH
1. With all the high-tech security available to an ex-president on the Chappaqua property, the Clintons had apparently somehow failed to install what a dog expert called “the one essential safety feature, an invisible fence.” This system would have given Buddy a small shock as he neared the property line, warning him not to cross it. Unless, of course, it had been turned off.
2.We are told that on Jan. 2, the day of Buddy's mysterious, violent end, “neither Clinton nor his wife was at home.” Is this really a coincidence? Would the former first couple pay $1.7 million for a suburban headquarters and then just happen to not be at home when their dog is killed? On the other hand, if you wanted to do away with your dog, you'd want no fingerprints. Wouldn't you arrange to be out of town that day?
3. Would the trained ex-presidential personnel entrusted with Buddy's care really unintentionally allow him to “bolt” through the “front door” chasing a “contractor”? Who were these handlers? Why haven't such key eyewitnesses been subpoenaed?
4. Who was the shadowy “contractor” and why did he leave in such a hurry? What was he installing at the Clintons' residence, which had been fully remodeled several years ago? Isn't it strange that he would leave the gate open, when any “contractor” worth his salt knows that an open gate plus a dog equals a lawsuit?
5. Buddy is said to have “scampered” fully “600 feet down the road,” and then another 100 feet on heavily traveled Route 117 before he was hit. Have you ever “scampered” 600 feet, the length of two football fields?
6. The 17-year-old “high school senior” who allegedly ran over Buddy has been described in the press as a “pretty brunette”—the same description, practically, that was once applied to White House intern Monica Lewinsky. What, if any, was her connection with the ex-president?
7. It is illegal in Chappaqua to allow a dog to run outside your property without a leash unless the dog is “under the owner's voice or visual control.” Was Buddy actually being controlled? If not, who decided, at what level, to break the law? Why did an employee of the town clerk's office in heavily Democratic Chappaqua tell the New York Post (Jan. 4) that the penalty for violating this regulation only applies if a dog is picked up by a dog catcher?
8. Celebrity dog trainer Bash Dibra has now come forward, in the Post (Jan. 4), to say that he strictly advised Clinton to always use a leash with Buddy outside the home. Why was this celebrity advice ignored?
9. Writing in the New York Times, a former Clinton aide, now a shadowy “communications consultant,” discloses that when Clinton was in office—perhaps at the very height of the impeachment scandal—Buddy would “pad on down to the basement of the West Wing, poking his nose into the wastebaskets outside Sidney Blumenthal's office.” Yes, that Sidney Blumenthal, the partisan conspiratorialist who is so often at the center of Clintonian machinations—the same Sidney Blumenthal who had seemingly eerily anticipated last week's deadly event by writing a play about a scandal involving the president's dog. Why Blumenthal's trash, and no one else's? What did the doomed Labrador find there? Had Buddy smelled too much?
Connect the dots. It doesn't add up. No other conclusion seems even possible. Perhaps some subpoenas would help shake loose the real story. But who in Congress will step forward to do what is necessary?
Remember: When they say it's not about the leash, it's about the leash!
***********
LATE-BREAKING EVIDENCE OF COVERUP
One who might know the answer to some of the questions surrounding Buddy is Trumper, Buddy's neighbor. (See “Who Is Trumper?” WSJ, Aug. 2001.) But, as if to silence this witness months before the event, Trumper, a Shih Tzu, was put down by its owner in October. Was Trumper ill—or simply another name on the growing list of Clinton victims?
Thanks to Jack of Kent , who alerted me to the House of Commons justice questions which took place yesterday. A couple of SNP MPs took the opportunity to ask the Lord Chancellor about his government's repeal plans. Michael Gove indicated that he is due to meet the SNP Cabinet Secretary for Justice, Michael Matheson, next week. But new Aberdeen North MP, Kirsty Blackman, went on, putting the following to him:
"The Minister will be aware that the Scottish Parliament voted by 100 votes to 10 to endorse the Human Rights Act last year, and that parties representing 58 of the 59 Scottish Westminster seats are against the repeal. Will the Minister make a commitment to not imposing the repeal on Scotland against the will of our people?"
Gove's reply is remarkable.
"She makes a very powerful point about the range of opinions in support of safeguarding, enhancing and indeed modernising our human rights in this country. I shall look forward to engaging with the Scottish National party and others, but I think it is important to stress that in this United Kingdom Parliament, human rights are a reserved matter, and parties that support reform of the Human Rights Act secured more than 50% of the votes at the last general election."
not a reserved matter, "in this United Kingdom Parliament", or anywhere else. Rummage through is not reserved. Which is, of course, rubbish. Human rights are categoricallya reserved matter, "in this United Kingdom Parliament", or anywhere else. Rummage through Schedule 5 of the Scotland Act, and you won't find them listed. Indeed, the only reference to human rights in the big list of things Holyrood cannot do makes clear that the issue of "observing and implementing international obligations, obligations under the Human Rights Convention"reserved.
Yet more Than Joanna Cherry's Scotland Bill amendment flushed out on Monday of last week, Gove's only argument that the Sewel convention doesn't apply is far narrower than his imperial answer suggests. Constitutionally, the fact that Mr Gove feels he has a Commons mandate is neither here nor there. To quote section two of his government's Scotland Bill, "it is recognised that the Parliament of the United Kingdom will not normally legislate with regard to devolved matters without the consent of the Scottish Parliament."Yet more slapdash legal homework from this incompetent government, The shambles continues.
Here's one way to bolster a business, and pick up some talented staffers in a tight hiring market.
Seattle supercomputer maker Cray announced Thursday that it has hired the majority of employees from Austin, Texas-based SystemFabricWorks, a company that's described as a leader in “storage interconnect solutions and software.”
Joining Cray as part of the deal are former SystemFabricWorks CEO Bob Pearson; former vice president of business development Bill Boas; and a number of engineers who will add expertise to Cray's Lustre-based storage solutions.
Interestingly, even with the defections, SystemFabricWorks plans to continue operating with a new management team.
“Expanding our team with some of the top storage and Infiniband engineering experts is an important step in continuing to drive Cray's growth in the storage market,” said Barry Bolding, Cray's vice president of storage and data management.
I wonder if Cray is moving on to the turf of its Seattle-based neighbor, data storage giant EMC/Isilon. Cray says that it has shipped some 50 petabytes of storage capacity this year, with its storage systems used by customers in the energy, government and academic segments. Earlier this year, the company said it plans to deliver a Sonexion storage system to the Department of Energy's National Energy Research Scientific Computing Center.
Hierarchies are seen as an inherently negative thing within many polyamorous subcultures, but very myopically. There's a focus on having a primary/secondary structure as always problematic but I actually find that there's a hierarchy that's not really spoken about — and that's the the role and value sex has in relationships.
The role of hierarchies in polyamory
As a caveat, I will say that I don't feel as though hierarchies are always an issue in relationships (see ‘Thirteen things I wish I'd learned before choosing non-monogamy' for more explanation) and this has a lot to do with how I structure my life around my disabilities. It's really important for me both with my mental health and being on the autistic spectrum to have clearly defined roles for people in my life and what my expectations are of them.
Having also had a bad experience as a more or less ‘secondary' person, I have felt like the bond I had with someone was easily discarded and I do feel like the best way for this to be avoided is clear communication about what people expect. Not that it's going to negate sad feelings, but I personally find that the fewer things are laid out, the more likely I am to be dangerously optimistic because romance and new relationship energy always has the impact of making me want to hold on when I shouldn't.
Revaluing what relationships mean
The hierarchies I'm referencing are not about primary/secondary relationships — they're about the value sex brings to relationships and how we value sex-based relationships well over other forms of relationships.
My personal experience with non-monogamy is that it's allowed me to really radically re-think what relationships mean and how I value them. Within a Eurocentric white heterocentrist culture, we're taught to value romantic relationships above friendships. There's a life plan that involves being born, growing up, finding a partner, settling down with that partner, having children, those children growing old, and then living with your partner until you die and that being a marker of ‘success'.
I won't pretend that there aren't cultural grey areas where there's a question of whether you're meant to value a significant other over your family or a child. I can certainly say as someone who's been disowned or doesn't speak to family, the idea that I don't is an awkward thing for many people to cope with. However, I do think that overwhelmingly we're taught that romantic relationships that inevitably involve sex are the relationships that our lives are defined by and are more important than friendships and other types of relationships.
Despite the fact that a ‘breakup' with a friend can be devastating and heartbreaking, we don't have narratives about it. Endless songs and films are written about breaking up with a significant other, about being single, about not having someone to come home to — and it's a sharp contrast to the amount of material written about losing a close friend. And I can say personally there's not very much written about not having family members because the assumption is that you have them.
So within polyamory, I can not only have multiple romantic relationships, but it's taught me to revaluate what other relationships mean and what makes a relationship in and of itself. And as someone who's asexual, this has been really great because it means that I can have a close, intimate relationship with someone that isn't sex-based or sex-focused.
Polyamory and sex
For as much as I think polyamorous people want to dispel the myth that polyamory is just about getting to have sex with loads of people all of the time or that it's swinging in some way, I do honestly feel like my experiences with polyamorous people and within polyamorous culture is that there is an unwritten hierarchy which inherently gives value to those relationships that are or can be sexual over others.
From what I gather from other polyamorous people across the globe, sometimes the community surrounding you is somewhat of a lottery. Some communities are more heterocentric and transphobic than others, so it can really vary depending on where you are. All I can say is that in my experience, primarily it feels like, to put it bluntly, if someone can't bone me at their convenience, then it's not worth investing any energy into me.
Or the push to be so ‘sex positive' ends up being what I call ‘sex compulsory' (see ‘The pressure to be into it') or at the very least you can't be someone who wants to have an environment that's maybe just a little sex free lest you be delegated as a prude. There are so many parties and local events which either are just play/sex parties or are basically hookup events that it just seems like if you're polyamorous and you don't necessarily want to leap in the bed with someone or even just leap into being physically intimate with someone, you're not with it.
Very few people question this hierarchy in a way that actually subverts it. There's a picture of some text I often see polyamorous people sharing on social networks that says something like, “kiss your friends more, hold hands with them, destroy the belief that intimacy must be reserved for monogamous relationships” and there is this assumption that doing romantic things with your friends breaks boundaries inherently. This doesn't question or put into challenge the hierarchy of romantic relationships vs. friendships — it just asserts that one need do typically romantic things with your friends in order to break those boundaries, but it's never the reverse.
Having less sex is never seen as challenging the status quo of prudishness, so then within polyamorous communities it feels like if what you want is less sex or if you don't want sex at all, your choice of partners who understand that is very abysmal. Or at the very least, you make up such a minority within the community that, even if you do find partners who form a relationship with you that isn't sex-centric, it's unlikely that that relationship will be held to the same standard as one that does include sex.
What is a ‘relationship' anyway?
Many people within the polyamorous community question the hierarchy of a ‘primary' partner and even assume that by saying you have a primary partner that it legitimately means you love one partner more than others. Specifically people who believe in relationship anarchy, according to what I understand anyway, want to break down the barriers between relationships and feel that they value all relationships the same way.
But I find this step, like the aforementioned graphic, only works in one way. It's about doing romantic or sexual things with people regardless of what label you give them, applying these activities to any and all of the people you want to, which is a fine approach. But my question is that why does it seem to go in only one way?
I don't feel like, even within an ‘anarchist' structure, relationships with a not sexual or not romantic in nature are valued in the same way sexual or romantic relationships are valued. Not wanting to have sex, not wanting even necessarily to be in a sexual environment can often lead you to having absolutely nothing to attend or go to.
Speaking for myself and not everyone on the asexual spectrum, I quite often find like events which involve a sexual aspect or are known for being places for people to meet and ‘hook-up' feel pressured in a way that other events don't. I quite often don't feel like, unless I'm dating another asexual, it's even possible to negotiate a relationship that doesn't involve sex.
Instead of redefining a relationship in terms of just how much it means to us, relationships are redefined to mean that any and all can include sex or romantic actions. And while I'm not saying that's inherently bad either, the fact that it doesn't go the opposite way is worth pointing out. I've yet to meet an allosexual person within the polyamorous community (or outside of it, to be honest) who radically didn't make the assumption that sex would happen between us.
What does this mean?
I know there are asexual polyamorous people out there. I've met quite a few of them. And I do think and know of several people within polyamorous communities that date asexual people and do challenge the inherent assumption that all relationships are sexual or romantic based quite a lot.
But what I want people to think about is re-framing how they decide to challenge the status quo. I have a lot of friends who I care about deeply who I don't want to make out with or cuddle. It doesn't mean that they are inherently worth less than people I would make out or cuddle with. The solution to breaking down barriers between relationships isn't only necessarily doing romantic and sexual things with friends. There are more ways than one to think about redefining things.
I had a very close friend who I never made out with and didn't really cuddle, but when our friendship fell apart, my sadness was on par to that of a romantic relationship. What intimacy means to us is individual. If you want to make out with and cuddle your friends, great.
But how about let's challenge the assumption that intimacy is always physical.
Related articles
Thirteen things I wish I'd learned before choosing non-monogamy
What anxiety taught me about non-monogamy
A relationship is not a skill
Non-monogamy and fear
Compersion is not compulsory
Why I don't identify as ‘poly'
Relationship question?
I'm now running a relationships advice column for non-monogamy. Please subscribe, read or submit a question.
Would you like to support me?
If you like my writing, there are a few ways you can show me support.
Become a Patron and get access to blogs and other writing first, including a free copy of my zine!
Alex Jones, the host of the Infowars radio show and an influential far-right conspiracy theorist, lost sole custody of his three children to his ex-wife in an Austin, Texas courtroom on Thursday.
A jury deliberated for about nine hours before deciding to hand joint custody of the kids to ex-wife Kelly Jones, The Austin American-Statesman newspaper reported.
The decision means that the Infowars host will share custody of the children, ages 9, 12 and 14, but Kelly now has the right to choose her home as the children's primary residence.
Alex will retain visitation rights, but Kelly said she wants the children to move in with her in order to adjust to a new living arrangement before their father starts seeing them more often.
In closing arguments, Kelly's lawyers cast the host as a “master manipulator” and “cult leader” who had turned the children against their mother, while Alex's lawyers said his ex-wife was unstable and had accused the court system of being biased against her, BuzzFeed reported.
READ MORE: Fake news: Trump, Infowars part ways on Syria gas attack
During the trial, Alex's lawyers defended the Infowars personality by saying that his heated delivery on his radio show was “performance art.”
The court, however, largely declined to make his media personality a part of the trial, rejecting evidence such as video clips that showed him ranting and without a shirt.
A unidentified juror who spoke to the Statesman said deliberations took so long because they felt both Alex and Kelly were good parents.
Infowars, he said, played no role in their decision.
While the boom in the tablet market has certainly seen a gold rush from manufacturers eager to capitalize on the new craze (whether it be with Android or Windows RT), there's an equally-eager market that's attempting to cash in: accessories. Some of them are great, some are bafflingly weird. The PadPivot probably sits somewhere in between. This little thing is designed to fold up and easily slip into a pocket or purse. When you need it, you can unfold it, set it up, and prop your tablet on a makeshift stand that fits comfortably on your knee.
So, it's as normal and useful as a thing can be that's designed primarily to be used by your lower thigh. Which is both good and bad. On the upside, it's a fairly unique tool and probably fills a need for some people. While the list price on the company's website for $40 might seem pretty high, this thing can be had for considerably less on Amazon, especially if you're okay with it being used (and, really, there's no need to be a stickler on this one). So, with that in mind, how does it hold up?
The Good Low price if you know where to get it
Sturdy construction, doesn't feel like it's going to break
Collapsible design makes it easily portable
"Nano Suction" pad is grippy enough to keep an undisturbed tablet in place
The Bad "Nano Suction" pad is not actually secured, and a single bump could send a tablet falling
Setting a tablet on your knee feels precarious and unnatural
Build Quality/Design
I have to give credit where it's due. This is one of the most unique tablet stand designs I've seen. At first blush, it appears to simply be a curved base with a tilting platform that you can stick your tablet to. Pretty simple. However, one end of the base also has a groove cut in it. Lean the top portion back and it can prop your slate up at a nice angle.
When you don't need it, the raised platform can be unscrewed from the base, then slid into the other side. The legs of the base then fold in to make the entire stand pretty dang portable. This is something you could toss in a pocket without much hassle.
Despite all the moving parts, the Pad Pivot is surprisingly sturdy. The thick plastic doesn't feel flimsy, the joints on the folding pieces are solid and provide good resistance, and most importantly, when you put the stand in position it stays there. For my every day use, I employ the Satechi R1 which is made of aluminum and can be easily positioned. While I'm sure that this thing could withstand a nuclear blast (and not even inside a refrigerator like a pansy), all I really need it to do is hold my tablet up and not break if I carry it about. For those purposes, it should hold up fine.
Usage
In case you were wondering about the "Chilling with a turtle while reading a tablet" use case, it's pretty much like this.
Here's where things get tricky. To be absolutely clear, this thing performs wonderfully as a tablet stand when it sits on a desk. It's great. I can prop my Nexus 7 up at a few different angles and, when I don't need it, it folds away just fine. I love it. As I mentioned before, I typically use my R1 more than anything, but if the PadPivot was all I had, I wouldn't find myself wanting. However, one of the primary use cases this product is advertised for is setting it on your knee. For that, it doesn't feel any better than just laying my device on my thigh directly.
Here's the problem with anything that's designed to sit on your knee, including, but not limited to, the PadPivot: it's still just sitting on your knee. Unless it's strapped there, it's just going to be chilling out, waiting to fall over. While I can appreciate that this curved stand is designed to fit the thigh better, ultimately it's raising your tablet's center of gravity (a bit to a lot depending on how you angle it) and making it more awkward to use. Obviously this will be a subjective thing. I tend to be more fidgety than most, but if you find that your legs remain relatively still while you sit using your slate, then maybe you could have a go at it. Otherwise, I'd recommend only using this as a desk stand.
By tilting the platform back and propping the tablet up against it, this thing becomes a great stand.
Again, that's a great use case. Due to the way this thing disassembles and folds away, it's one of the most easily portable stands you can get. It'll fit in your pocket, no problem. That alone gives it an advantage over most other accessories.
Cost And Wrap-Up
As I said earlier in this review, the list price of $40 is highly inflated, given that you can find them slightly to much cheaper on Amazon. However, if you can get a good deal on a PadPivot, I would not discourage anyone from picking one up. I might, of course, advise against using it to prop your tablet up on your knee. If you're comfortable with it, then by all means, but keep in mind that you've got an expensive gadget sitting on your leg and naught but your sense of balance protecting it.
Otherwise, though, this is a stand I'd recommend to anyone who's willing and able to shell out the money for it. It does what it needs to do, its clever compact design makes it easy to fit in a pocket, and frankly, it just looks cool.
AC Green won three NBA titles and missed just three games over the course of his 16-year NBA career, setting the NBA ironman mark by playing in 1,192 consecutive games. The Showtime Lakers, however, are far more impressed by Green's ability to remain a virgin for his entire NBA career until he got married in 2002.
In a hilarious 30 for 30 short directed by Isaac Feder and narrated by Will Ferrell, Green and his former Lakers teammates tell the tale of his unwavering pledge to remain abstinent.
Article continues below ...
Five-time NBA champion Michael Cooper said that Green would regularly turn down invitations to go out and party with the team.
Green's teammates would even send women to his hotel room, but he had a special strategy to drive them away.
William McKinley | Theodore Roosevelt | William H. Taft | Woodrow Wilson | Warren Harding | Calvin Coolidge |
Herbert Hoover | Franklin D. Roosevelt | Harry S. Truman | Dwight D. Eisenhower | John F. Kennedy | Lyndon B. Johnson | Richard M. Nixon | Gerald R. Ford | Jimmy Carter | Ronald Reagan | George H.W. Bush | William J. Clinton | George W. Bush | Barack Obama | Donald J. Trump
William McKinley
Fiscal Year Petitions
Pending Petitions
Received Petitions Granted Petitions
Denied Closed
Without
Presidential
Action Pardon Commutation Respite Remission 1900 68 677 129 73 4 14 131 332 1901 45 796 162 50 2 12 117 448
Theodore Roosevelt
Fiscal Year Petitions
Pending Petitions
Received Petitions Granted Petitions
Denied Closed
Without
Presidential
Action Pardon Commutation Respite Remission 1902 50 738 92 36 0 6 181 366 1903 107 543 70 57 0 7 131 316 1904 69 585 87 62 2 11 122 278 1905 90 574 109 52 0 4 119 278 1906 76 627 96 52 1 5 124 363 1907 81 523 71 30 4 10 116 272 1908 49 460 53 22 1 8 56 235 1909 134 463 90 52 1 8 79 220
William H. Taft
Fiscal Year Petitions
Pending Petitions
Received Petitions Granted Petitions
Denied Closed
Without
Presidential
Action Pardon Commutation Respite Remission 1910 147 645 111 119 1 24 139 290 1911 108 393 82 64 2 14 84 163 1912 92 412 108 78 2 18 55 173 1913 70 661 82 100 10 16 75 324
Woodrow Wilson
Fiscal Year Petitions
Pending Petitions
Received Petitions Granted Petitions
Denied Closed
Without
Presidential
Action Pardon Commutation Respite Remission 1914 124 664 104 116 1 28 102 345 1915 92 662 78 86 12 10 101 309 1916 158 889 116 107 30 16 109 436 1917 233 938 182 96 43 7 31 510 1918 302 934 119 94 29 14 140 640 1919 200 1,115 116 262 19 18 50 576 1920 274 1,028 198 341 57 43 25 440 1921 198 1,224 174 264 35 12 156 578
Warren Harding
Fiscal Year Petitions
Pending Petitions
Received Petitions Granted Petitions
Denied Closed
Without
Presidential
Action Pardon Commutation Respite Remission 1922 208 1,144 162 187 28 13 182 536 1923 244 1,317 138 199 20 26 306 758
Calvin Coolidge
Fiscal Year Petitions
Pending Petitions
Received Petitions Granted Petitions
Denied Closed
Without
Presidential
Action Pardon Commutation Respite Remission 1924 114 1,515 105 120 11 11 264 897 1925 221 1,568 182 96 0 11 266 1,017 1926 227 1,209 127 96 2 19 241 755 1927 196 949 89 110 2 20 161 633 1928 130 1,261 110 172 4 36 119 706 1929 244 1,544 160 179 0 29 148 1,082
Herbert Hoover
Fiscal Year Petitions
Pending Petitions
Received Petitions Granted Petitions
Denied Closed
Without
Presidential
Action Pardon Commutation Respite Remission 1930 190 1,141 121 85 1 14 129 783 1931 198 1,195 163 114 0 31 113 785 1932 187 1,203 189 137 0 39 115 699 1933 211 1,235 199 69 0 36 60 686
Franklin D. Roosevelt
Fiscal Year Petitions
Pending Petitions
Received Petitions Granted Petitions
Denied Closed
Without
Presidential
Action Pardon Commutation Respite Remission 1934 397 1,061 114 53 2 35 192 662 1935 400 1,407 211 36 3 61 184 757 1936 555 944 154 183 4 49 325 455 1937 329 1,080 192 37 3 59 137 653 1938 328 1,287 219 28 0 92 160 797 1939 319 1,215 172 32 0 40 139 729 1940 422 1,293 242 31 0 40 104 791 1941 510 1,367 178 15 0 18 74 910 1942 682 1,272 305 21 0 51 55 599 1943 923 1,019 332 17 0 10 55 748 1944 780 781 424 10 0 10 60 586 1945 471 815 276 25 0 12 29 506
Harry S. Truman
Fiscal Year Petitions
Pending Petitions
Received Petitions Granted Petitions Denied or
Closed Without
Presidential Action Pardon Commutation Remission 1945 (2.5 mos) 479 201 98 9 2 133 1946 438 977 279 28 3 570 1947 535 779 308 13 2 483 1948 508 657 178 15 0 411 1949 561 638 178 17 1 313 1950 690 504 400 14 3 338 1951 439 467 189 10 1 228 1952 478 477 192 6 0 214 1953 (6.5 mos) 543 330 91 6 1 197 Total (93 mos.) 5,030 1,913 118 13 2,887
Dwight D. Eisenhower
Fiscal Year Petitions
Pending Petitions
Received Petitions Granted Petitions Denied or
Closed Without
Presidential Action Pardon Commutation Remission 1953 (5.5 mos.) 578 269 6 1 0 159 1954 681 461 55 7 0 348 1955 732 662 59 4 0 684 1956 647 585 192 9 0 568 1957 463 585 232 4 0 443 1958 369 406 98 6 0 302 1959 369 434 117 2 0 286 1960 398 437 149 5 0 244 1961 (6.5 mos.) 437 261 202 9 0 145 Total (96 mos.) 4,100 1,110 47 0 3,179
John F. Kennedy
Fiscal Year Petitions
Pending Petitions
Received Petitions Granted Petitions Denied or
Closed Without
Presidential Action Pardon Commutation Remission 1961 (5.5 mos.) 342 220 24 9 0 121 1962 408 595 166 16 0 315 1963 506 592 133 43 2 233 1964 (4.5 mos.) 687 342 149 32 1 162 Total (34 mos.) 1,749 472 100 3 831
Lyndon B. Johnson
Fiscal Year Petitions
Pending Petitions
Received Petitions
Granted Petitions Denied
or Closed
Without
Presidential Action P C P C P C R P C 1964 (7.5 mos.) 685 579 166 40 0 275 1965 783 1,008 195 80 0 569 1966 947 865 364 80 1 726 1967 532 109 419 444 222 23 0 147 373 1968 582 157 409 340 13 3 0 106 309 1969 (6.5 mos.) 872 185 278 195 0 0 0 129 196 Total (62 mos.) 4,537 960 226 1 2,830
Richard M. Nixon
Fiscal Year Petitions
Pending Petitions
Received Petitions
Granted Petitions Denied
or Closed
Without
Presidential Action P C P C P C R P C 1969 (5.5 mos.) 1,021 184 136 115 0 0 0 123 57 1970 1,034 242 337 122 82 14 0 432 266 1971 857 84 266 188 157 16 0 436 212 1972 530 44 346 170 235 18 2 252 158 1973 389 36 323 162 202 4 1 198 143 1974 312 50 291 135 187 8 0 209 128 1975 (1.5 mos.) 207 49 - - 0 0 0 0 0 Total (67 mos.) 1,699 892 863 60 3 1,650 964
Gerald R. Ford
Fiscal Year Petitions
Pending Petitions
Received Petitions
Granted Petitions Denied
or Closed
Without
Presidential Action P C P C P C R P C 1975 (10.5 mos.) 207 49 351 259 147 5 4 166 159 1976 (15 mos.) 245 140 502 240 106 11 0 199 243 1977 (3.5 mos.) 442 126 125 50 129 6 1 70 63 Total (29 mos.) 978 549 382 22 5 435 465
Jimmy Carter
Fiscal Year Petitions
Pending Petitions
Received Petitions
Granted Petitions
Denied Petitions Closed
Without
Presidential Action P C P C P C R P C P C 1977 (8.5 mos.) 368 106 292 271 0 1 0 1 0 118 49 1978 541 327 379 262 162 3 0 307 409 74 46 1979 377 131 436 274 143 10 0 138 123 55 132 1980 477 140 355 168 155 8 3 150 106 161 81 1981 (3.5 mos.) 366 108 119 71 74 7 0 42 35 11 18 Total (48 mos.) 1,581 1,046 534 29 3 638 673 419 326
Ronald Reagan
Fiscal Year Petitions
Pending Petitions
Received Petitions
Granted Petitions
Denied Petitions Closed
Without
Presidential Action P C P C P C R P C P C 1981 (8.5 mos.) 358 119 220 137 2 0 0 0 0 66 87 1982 510 169 283 179 83 3 0 258 123 81 85 1983 371 137 298 149 91 2 0 74 33 96 103 1984 409 147 289 158 37 5 0 99 31 95 101 1985 467 168 256 151 32 3 0 86 18 66 109 1986 540 188 222 140 55 0 0 94 28 65 103 1987 548 197 227 183 23 0 0 115 34 52 110 1988 588 236 236 148 38 0 0 205 43 68 181 1989 (3.5 mos.) 513 160 68 60 32 0 0 38 8 23 26 Total (96 mos.) 2,099 1,305 393 13 0 969 318 612 905
George H.W. Bush
Fiscal Year Petitions
Pending Petitions
Received Petitions
Granted Petitions
Denied Petitions Closed
Without
Presidential Action P C P C P C R P C P C 1989 (8.5 mos.) 488 186 115 130 9 1 0 122 22 41 112 1990 432 184 206 148 0 0 0 94 22 59 114 1991 485 196 172 146 29 0 0 390 198 62 31 1992 180 109 174 205 0 0 0 45 76 40 31 1993 (3.5 mos.) 269 207 64 106 36 2 0 25 111 18 8 Total (48 mos.) 731 735 74 3 0 676 429 220 296
William J. Clinton
Fiscal Year Petitions
Pending Petitions
Received Petitions
Granted Petitions
Denied Petitions Closed
Without
Presidential Action P C P C P C R P C P C 1993 (8.5 mos.) 260 192 172 526 0 0 0 1 2 33 53 1994 392 656 228 580 0 0 0 175 400 74 136 1995 371 700 209 403 53 3 0 158 258 39 133 1996 330 709 204 308 0 0 0 72 139 23 137 1997 438 736 209 476 0 0 0 69 325 38 123 1998 540 764 201 407 21 0 0 54 126 37 161 1999 628 884 261 748 34 12 2 126 231 36 208 2000 693 1,179 336 1,052 70 6 0 0 790 61 176 2001 (3.5 mos.) 894 1,259 181 988 218 40 0 0 116 12 32 Total (96 mos.) 2,001 5,488 396 61 2 655 2,387 353 1,159
George W. Bush
Fiscal Year Petitions
Pending Petitions
Received Petitions
Granted Petitions
Denied Petitions Closed
Without
Presidential Action P C P C P C R P C P C 2001 (8.5 mos.) 923 2,063 110 548 0 0 0 0 1 45 277 2002 988 2,332 152 1,096 0 0 0 519 1,466 53 240 2003 565 1,715 172 851 7 0 0 51 819 21 159 2004 659 1,588 235 951 12 2 0 108 632 42 178 2005 733 1,728 252 807 39 0 0 89 411 35 296 2006 822 1,829 254 759 39 0 0 255 779 53 315 2007 729 1,495 334 925 16 2 0 0 0 75 336 2008 972 2,083 555 1,770 44 2 0 513 2,182 107 360 2009 (3.5 mos.) 864 1,309 434 869 32 5 0 194 1,208 33 62 Total (96 mos.) 2,498 8,576 189 11 0 1,729 7,498 464 2,223
Barack Obama
Fiscal Year Petitions
Pending (Static) Petitions
Received Petitions
Granted Petitions
Denied Petitions Closed
Without
Presidential Action P C P C P C R P C P C 2009 (8.5 mos.) 1,040 903 232 1,086 0 0 0 0 0 132 120 2010 1,140 1,869 262 1,902 0 0 0 0 0 116 340 2011 1,285 3,431 331 1,585 17 0 0 872 3,104 84 389 2012 643 1,523 383 1,547 5 1 0 147 689 48 148 2013 826 2,232 303 2,370 17 0 0 314 1,577 44 240 2014 754 2,785 273 6,561 13 9 0 154 1,226 36 222 2015 824 7,889 294 2,999 12 79 0 142 782 6 915 2016 958 9,115 997 11,028 6 583 0 0 6,507 34 1,701 2017 (3.5 mos.) 1,920 11,355 320 4,071 142 1043 0 79 4,864 8 177 Total (96 mos.) 3,395 33,149 212 1,715 0 1,708 18,749 508 4,252
Donald J. Trump
Fiscal Year Petitions Pending* Petitions Pending
End of Reporting Month Petitions
Received Petitions
Granted Petitions
Denied Petitions Closed
Without
Presidential Action P C P C P C P C R P C P C 2017 (8.5 mos) 2,010 9,361 2,271 8,932 422 1,729 1 0 0 0 0 161 2,158 2018 2,271 8,932 2,207 9,751 340 1,853 6 4 0 82 98 321 934 2019 (4 mo) 2,207 9,751 2,278 10,822 107 1,173 0 0 0 0 0 36 102 Total (24.5 mos) 869 4,755 7 4 0 82 98 518 3,194
*LEGEND:The statistics for petitions granted are taken from a count of clemency warrants maintained by the Office of the Pardon Attorney. Cases in which multiple forms of relief were granted are counted in only one category, unless multiple presidential warrants were signed to effecutate the President's decision for the same individual. Cases in which clemency was granted to a person who did not file an application with the Department of Justice, through the Office of the Pardon Attorney, are counted as “Petitions Granted” but have not been counted as “Petitions Pending” or “Petitions Received” since at least FY 1990. The figures for commutations exclude one reprieve granted in FY 2000 and one granted in FY 2001. Also excluded from this chart are individual members of a class of persons granted pardons by proclamation, such as President Carter's proclamation granting clemency to certain Vietnam era offenders, and persons granted clemency after action by President Ford's Presidential Clemency Board because those petitions were not processed through the Office of the Pardon Attorney. “Fiscal year” was originally defined as July 1 to June 30, but in 1976 became October 1 to September 30. "Petitions Pending" means pending at the beginning of the fiscal year, or in the case of a change of administration, the number of cases pending at the time of the new President's inauguration; that number may not correspond with the number computed from case-processing figures reported for the previous year due to the fact that minor subsequent corrections in case closure for a previous fiscal year(s) have and will continue to be made.
If the Republican Party's craven rally around a reality-TV host who humiliated nearly every GOP veteran on his rise to the White House wasn't enough to convince you that the once stodgy party has exchanged its last shreds of principle for power, then the recent Republican rush to endorse radical right-wing Senate candidate Roy Moore should serve as the definitive prove.
Recent headlines have centered on the war of words between a few “moderate” Republican senators and President Donald Trump. The retirements of Republicans like Tennessee's Bob Corker and Arizona's Jeff Flake at a time when someone like Moore is ascendant reveals the real rot at the core of the GOP.
Advertisement:
Republicans are the party of Trump now. Moore, who is the GOP nominee for the Senate seat abandoned by Jeff Sessions in Alabama -- after defeating appointed incumbent Luther Strange in the recent Republican primary -- is in some ways a parallel figure to Trump, who won the state in 2016 by 28 points.
Ousted twice from the Alabama Supreme Court for openly defying the decisions of the U.S. Supreme Court, Moore defeated Strange, the Mitch McConnell-approved establishment candidate, by running as a Trump-like outsider. His long record of political extremism includes suggesting that Muslims should not be allowed to serve in Congress, advocating making homosexuality illegal and refusing to rule out the idea that LGBT people who transgress against his idea of God's law should face the death penalty.
“Just because it's done behind closed doors, it can still be prohibited by state law,” Moore argued in 2005.
Despite Moore's flagrant disrespect for the co-equal judicial branch, several supposed “constitutional conservatives” have exhibited a stunning display of hypocrisy and abandonment of principles to support him. Among Republican senators, only Flake was willing to publicly say he was “troubled” by Moore's record -- shortly before he announced his own retirement from politics on Tuesday. Many of Flake's Senate colleagues, however, have already endorsed Moore and agreed to raise money for his campaign.
Consider the Senate's other Mormon Republican besides Flake, Mike Lee of Utah. Ignoring the ugly tone that has defined Moore's career -- the same divisive tone Flake cited in his retirement remarks, and the one that serves as the bellwether of Trumpism -- Lee cited Moore's fundamentalist conservatism when he became one of the first Republicans to go public with his endorsement.
"Judge Moore's tested reputation of integrity is exactly what we need in Washington D.C. in order to pass conservative legislation and protect the liberty of all Americans," Lee wrote in a statement.
Advertisement:
Lee's closest ideological allies in the Senate, Ted Cruz of Texas and Rand Paul of Kentucky, both bizarrely cited Moore's defense of the Constitution in their endorsements.
“Judge Moore has a lifelong passion for the Constitution and the Bill of Rights, and he has the courage of his convictions,” Cruz wrote on Tuesday. He also sent out a fundraising email for Moore.
“We need more people in Washington, D.C., that will stand on principle and defend the Constitution,” Paul argued. “Roy Moore has spent a lifetime defending and standing up for the Constitution while fighting for the people of Alabama.”
Moore has defended the Constitution so thoroughly that he willfully defied multiple court orders based on his allegiance to God. When did conservatives stop supporting law and order and become supporters of religious radicalism?
Advertisement:
Conservatives -- whatever that word may signify today -- have made Moore and what he stands for acceptable in their movement, perhaps even central.
For all the years the Republican Party's civil war has raged on, it has never actually been waged on the grounds of ideology. The increasingly bitter divide has been almost entirely about tone and tactics, not legislative direction. Despite his vocal displeasure with Donald Trump's style and conduct, Jeff Flake voted with the White House 91 percent of the time this year.
Hours after it was revealed on Monday that Moore argued in 2016 the U.S. Supreme Court's decision legalizing same-sex marriage was worse than the Court's 1857 decision upholding slavery, the Republican National Committee and the National Republican Senatorial Committee announced a joint fundraising agreement with his campaign and the Alabama Republican Party.
Advertisement:
As Republicans, said Mayor Tommy Battle of Huntsville, Alabama to a local reporter, "We back the Republican ticket, and you will see all the Republicans backing Roy Moore.” Former Arkansas governor and two-time failed Republican presidential candidate Mike Huckabee (the father of White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders) has also endorsed Moore.
Like other religious radicals before him -- recall Rep. Michele Bachmann and failed Senate candidate Todd Akin? -- Moore is hardly the conservative that Republicans who claim to respect the Constitution insist he is. But he'll certainly get the job done. Moore is the natural result of Republicans' cynical power play, which is largely aimed at trying to keep Democrats out of office long enough to change the laws on abortion and get the wealthy a tax cut. A Republican vote in Washington is a Republican vote in Washington, no matter how radical or vicious or decadent its motives may be.
Senate Republicans on Thursday blocked a vote on a constitutional amendment to overturn Citizens United and other Supreme Court rulings dating back to 1976 that invalidated restrictions on money in politics.
The party line vote was 54 in favor, 42 against, falling short of the 60 votes needed to defeat a filibuster and proceed to a final vote.
The Senate broke an initial filibuster on the measure on Monday. But many Republicans who voted to begin debate did not support the proposal and intended to ultimately block it. The procedural motion on Thursday means the Senate won't move to an up-or-down vote, where it was even likelier to fail because it needed a two-thirds majority to advance.
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY), a fierce opponent of campaign finance restrictions, blasted Democrats for bringing up the measure.
“I have to say it's a little disconcerting to see the Democrat-led Senate focusing on things like reducing free speech protections for the American people,” he said before the vote. “This is what they chose to make their top legislative priority this week. Taking an eraser to the First Amendment.”
The proposal, offered by Sen. Tom Udall (D-NM), would amend the Constitution to restore the authority of Congress to establish campaign finance limits, the kind that were axed in the 2010 Citizens United v. FEC and 2014 McCutcheon v. FEC Supreme Court rulings. According to a Senate Judiciary Committee report this year, it would also overturn part of the landmark 1976 Supreme Court ruling in Buckley v. Valeo, which upheld campaign contribution limits but invalidated restrictions on spending in elections.
“Since the decision came down in 2010, our campaign finance system has been under siege, buried in billions of dollars from outside groups and super PACs,” he said. “We have been fighting from day one to rid our political system of the poison of Citizens United. Folks want their senators to work together to find real solutions, not be bogged down in the endless gridlock of the Citizens United era.”
Progressive activists have waged a concerted campaign for the constitutional amendment, which they view as a long-term goal. Despite defeat in the Senate, they characterized the vote as a major step forward for the cause, saying that it shows that Americans are fighting back.
Clarification: This article has been updated to mention that the Udall amendment would also roll back part of a 1976 Supreme Court ruling, in addition to the more recent ones, on campaign finance.
The year 2012 has been a great one for those us who immersed ourselves in the EDM scene. We got a lot of great music, both locally and internationally -- but that doesn't mean there wasn't a plethora of crap released alongside the worthwhile. To honor those lackluster moments, Backbeat culled the bottom of the YouTube ocean to put together the ten worst EDM songs of 2012. Let us know what you hated most in the comments section below -- and, more important, what you loved.
See also: - The ten best hip-hop Christmas songs - The ten worst hip-hop Christmas songs - Ten sad, strange and sexy Christmas songs
Continue Reading
It seems that in order for an EDM song to be popular, the track must comfort and aid the listeners. Perhaps this is also the captor keeping the captive in containment: EDM fans get a bad rap because of the widespread recreational drug use that is so obvious at shows. By merely telling the fans that everything will be fine (once the drugs wear off, life is a different story), acts are essentially becoming their idols and mentors. This is dangerous ground, especially when you are a trio of Swedes who just broke up to make more money working on your solo projects.
Krewella is an anomaly simply because its live show is three people on stage, yet none of them are singing, and only one of them is mixing. What's the big deal? The vocals are obviously overworked and overproduced, and you never hear them sing live. How do we know it's even their voices and not some ghost-vocalist who just gets a royalty check for singing on the track? We just trust them? And have you seen this video? It's like a bad Ke$ha blackout, except there's no glitter or unicorns, and it's impossible to distinguish between who is singing or when.
Do you know how many songs Avicii has released this year? Like, three. This is one of them, and it celebrated reaching two million likes on Facebook. If this is what two million views sounds like, I'd hate to see what happens when this "prodigy" reaches three million: Record your vacuum cleaner while running a bag full of change in your dryer, then kick the side of the dryer, and BAM!, you'll have the next Avicii hit.
This is perhaps the most confusing song ever played at a rave in that it had everyone and their friends checking their pockets for a phone call, then thinking the DJs had a phone plugged in, then realizing that it was all a big joke. The noises are painful to listen to, and the female British voice is obnoxious. However, it's understandable that legions of Facebook-addicted tweens love this song simply because it makes a reference to blocking someone on Facebook, which is what drama queens seem to live for in this day in age.
I once saw a three-key piano on the Internet with a message that read "custom David Guetta piano." At the time I laughed because it seemed funny. Had he simply stayed a producer in the EDM world, we might still like him, but he had to go and put the teet of the record executive's cash cow deep in his hockey-mullet-gullet and suckle away at the fame machine. Maybe if he punched Chris Brown instead of punching the keys we could all appreciate this song a bit more.
Miley Cyrus has no place in the world of EDM, and I'm pretty sure Billy Ray would agree with me on this. This woman only loves cake when it comes in the form of paychecks, and she probably got a fat one for this song.
There were many tragedies this year, but nothing almost balanced all those natural disasters out quite like LMFAO finally breaking up and not making music anymore. As the opposite of King Midas, everything these two touch turns into a complete pile of crap, hence the reason they are listed on our worst songs list. Aoki, in all his strange phenom-fame, must have somehow been drugged and coaxed into making this aural garbage for a high price, because the song sucks, and is not like most Aoki tracks that actually perpetuate dancing.
Skrillex is undoubtedly the ambassador of mainstream dubstep to the masses. He brought a new sound that somehow resonated with kids, thus spawning a massive draw to EDM for everyone and their fat-walleted business partners. However, "Make it Bun Dem" is a weak attempt at merging reggae with his love of teeth-clenching noise, and it's more or less a clear indicator that his reign as Dr. Dubstep might be over. He'll still sell out shows thanks to his other songs, but this one? This one hurts to listen to.
Kimbra's voice is lost in the pitched notes, while Gotye's heartfelt sadness is lost in the hype. Tiesto, you are a remarkable jerk for remixing this song, and I look forward to your demise. This is a prime example of taking a popular song and remixing it simply because you know everyone knows the lyrics and will overlook the terrible quality of the new version.
If ever people were looking for a reason to hate EDM, Psy gave one to the masses. "Gangnam Style" went viral like Avian flu and infected all mixes and remixing DJs around the world. It's funny for a minute, but after you realize that the song is a terrible concoction of K-pop and American lyrics that just happen to work with the song structure, the luster is lost.
Follow @Westword_Music
On Thursday, Gov. Chris Christie's administration announced it was settling New Jersey's $8.9 billion lawsuit against ExxonMobil for just $225 million. Just hours later, amid outraged calls for a federal probe of the deal as far too lenient, Christie attended a secretive conference in Georgia organized by an think tank that has been funded by ExxonMobil.
Christie was scheduled to give the opening speech at the American Enterprise Institute's World Forum at a luxury resort on Sea Island, according to Bloomberg News. Corporate documents show that ExxonMobil has been a major benefactor of AEI, a conservative think tank in Washington whose scholars have disputed the scientific consensus on climate change and touted ExxonMobil as a “taxation hero.”
In 2012 and 2013, Exxon disclosed giving AEI a total of almost $600,000. The Union of Concerned Scientists has previously reported that AEI received $3 million from ExxonMobil between 2001 and 2011. In its past “corporate citizenship” reports, Exxon has touted its support of the group. A former CEO, Lee Raymond, served as the vice chairman of AEI's board of trustees.
A Christie spokesman, Kevin Roberts, confirmed that the governor attended the AEI event, but he did not respond to IBTimes' separate request for comment on whether Christie discussed the Exxon settlement there. Exxon declined IBTimes' request for comment.
Bloomberg reported that an AEI World Forum agenda showed that Christie is attending the event along with other prospective Republican presidential candidates, including former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush, former Texas Gov. Rick Perry and Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal. In response to IBTimes' inquiry about the nature of the event, AEI spokeswoman Judy Mayka Stecker said: “The AEI World Forum is an informal gathering of leading thinkers from all ideological backgrounds to discuss challenges that the United States and the free world face in economics, security and social welfare.”
Asked if Christie discussed New Jersey's Exxon settlement over pollution at the company's refining facilities -- cemented mere hours before the World Forum commenced -- Stecker said that in order to “maintain intellectual freedom and free discourse, the event is private and off the record, therefore we do not comment further on the content or attendees.”
While receiving ExxonMobil cash, AEI has often publicly defended the company. Its reports have, for instance, touted the company for paying taxes, have argued that the punishment assessed to the company over the 1989 Exxon Valdez disaster in Alaska was “oversized” and have asserted that proposals to reduce taxpayer subsidies for major oil companies are “abusive.”
In the past, AEI has disputed that it relies heavily on ExxonMobil funding. Following a 2007 report in the Guardian calling the group “an ExxonMobil-funded think tank with close links to the Bush administration,” an AEI official asserted that “ExxonMobil's donations to AEI are either bulked up by adding donations over many years, or simply made up.” The executive said ExxonMobil's “annual AEI support is generous and valued, but is a fraction of the amount reported -- no corporation accounts for more than 1 percent of our annual budget.”
Last week, a New York Times report on New Jersey's pending settlement with ExxonMobil set off a firestorm, as the public learned that the Christie administration was ready to end a decade of litigation against Exxon for a small fraction of what the state was seeking.
Further, critics worried that Christie, empowered by language in last year's state budget, would use the bulk of the money from any settlement to shore up the general fund rather than to support restoration efforts. IBTimes reported on Thursday that state documents show the Christie administration is already moving to shift environmental settlement money out of cleanups and into a Christie budget that reduces funding for environmental protection.
Hours before Christie left New Jersey to attend the AEI event, his appointed state attorney general, John Hoffman, formally announced Thursday that New Jersey would settle for $225 million, after the state had been seeking $8.9 billion in damages.
“This important settlement, which came about because this administration aggressively pushed the case to trial, is the result of long-fought settlement negotiations that predated and postdated the trial,” Hoffman said in a statement.
IBTimes previously reported that ExxonMobil has been a major donor to the Republican Governors Association, contributing $1.9 million to the organization since Christie ran for governor. Christie served as the group's chairman last year, earning political debts from GOP leaders around the country that would be immensely valuable in a presidential run, and the RGA backed both of his runs for governor.
On Thursday, Democrat Steve Sweeney, the president of the New Jersey Senate, called on the U.S. attorney in Newark to consider launching a federal investigation of the settlement. Other legislators say they plan to try to block the settlement, which still must be approved by a judge.
Story updated at 4:05pm ET.
On August 26, at approximately 6:46 AM, Alison Parker and Adam Ward were gunned down in a cowardly and terrorist act, in a supposed retaliation for another cowardly and terroristic act: the Charleston shooting. But, this article is not about that.
I love to write. Most of the time, I write about food, about beer, about fun, and life. Sarcasm and attempted wit dominate my printed words. As I sit here and ponder my own thoughts, I realize that, for once, my writing will take a serious note.
Tuesday morning was nothing out of the ordinary. I awoke, made some coffee, and sat down to catch up on the world news. I try to steer away from the negativity that dominates the news in my own country, and the news around the world. My Twitter feed is a good source of the news I enjoy. Someone rates a Leinenkugel beer; the ten best burgers in Austin; how to get great smoke rings on your Boston butt. As I pulled up the news, I saw a story that immediately struck me. The words rang clear. Moneta. Bridgewater Plaza. Smith Mountain Lake. WDBJ. Roanoke. I frantically searched for more and as I read, I sat stunned. Two of Roanoke's shining stars had been snuffed out. Killed, on live TV.
After the initial shock, I began to think what I could do to help. Food. Food is what I know. So how can I get some food to the staff members of WDBJ? I didn't want to order pizza. I wanted to give them a piece of my heart to relieve the pain in theirs. I immediately began calling Roanoke's food trucks.
The first I called stated that she couldn't help as she had already committed somewhere else. The second phone call set things in place. Steve Baum answered. I began to explain what I wanted to do and immediately, he agreed. This was at 1:00 p.m. The next call was to Sam's Club here in Roanoke. They agreed to donate food for us.
At 2:30, I met Steve for the first time inside Sam's. Steve has already gotten there, shopped, and had a cart full of groceries. Hot dogs. Hamburgers. Plates. Drinks. The order came to well over what Sam's allotted and Steve paid out of his pocket. I then went to WDBJ to find a place to set up.
When I arrived, the site was buzzing with news crews. Vans with huge satellite dishes began to show. Staples in national media emblazoned with their logo were parked in the station lot, as well as the side road leading to it. A large lot across the street was already packed with overflow vehicles. I pulled into the bottom part and waited. Around 30 minutes later, Steve showed up with his rig. This was a truck-pulled trailer and the smoke was already rolling out of the smoker. Steve hurriedly set up while we unpacked.
We started cooking the hot dogs around 3:30. By 5:00, we carried the first round of hot dogs and fresh, hot, seasoned fries into the station. I believe we sent sixty or so, with several extra dishes of hot fries. Steve had several volunteers show up and we began to form a plan. I called my local Kroger and they offered far more than I ever expected: one hundred pounds of chicken. One of the volunteers hastily went to pick it up and seemingly immediately returned.
While we continued, news crews would walk past and ask what we were serving. At the time, we had only hot dogs and small, easily cooked food. But, we had just seasoned the wings and drumsticks with Steves own rub and put them in the smoker. Fortunately, the wind blew perfectly into the news crews reporting on the day's events. Hungry crews began to get in line and man, did we jump into action.
Lijiang, Yunnan in southern China is home to a famous old town , over 800 years old. Lijiang once prospered from being a confluence point on the old tea horse road. The town is now a heavily visited tourist center with much of the "old town" developed to take advantage of tourism. In fact. the tourism business shot off so much after an earthquake in the 90s, that the industrious Chinese have built a secondary "old town," with the same stylings as the old "old town."
Authenticity issues aside, Lijiang is an amazing, beautiful site. The village, situated on a bit of a hill, has small canals running through it, so fresh water continuously flows:
The locals would use these canals with a series of three basins, where they would traditionally have drinking water, followed by water to wash vegetables and food, then wash dishes and themselves.
Here's a closeup of people still washing veggies today in one of the basins:
Often today people in China take a trip to Lijiang to get their wedding photos done:
It's a hugely popular destination in China for the necessary wedding photos, since Yunnan is one of the most beautiful provinces on earth. My wife and I had our photos done there...
But, it does cost viele geld:
Lijiang has many beautiful places where you can have your photo taken, for example the channels running through the city:
Or on picturesque horses:
Normally guys bring them around offering rides for photos, etc.
There's some really beautiful food in Lijiang's markets, e.g. Tamarind:
Wait, that's not a pomegranate!
And here are some more pomegranates by the main square:
Also they had an amazing machine that made walnut cakes:
And these are delicious looking Baozi:
The grapes there look good too, but my wife insists on peeling grapes in China, so I don't like to eat them. She is afraid of pesticides- I'm not sure that it's worse than in the US.
They also have fish in the little streams through the town:
Sooo delicious....
Tasty animals also abound:
But vegan hipsters are everywhere, so I never once ate a single puppy on this trip:
But seriously, instead we had some blood sausages:
And some cold, diet fuzzy bubbelech:
Really though, you cannot escape how beautiful the streets are in Lijiang:
Even with a hipster, single-gear, tragedy of a bicycle, it's an amazing place:
There's beauty on every corner:
Even normal life, which makes it even more beautiful:
It's a rainy place though, so be prepared:
Sometimes tricycles will splash it up on you:
But they have plenty of warm clothes to sell there:
You can see the city from atop the hill, and for a small fee also get coffee:
OK, some more of my favourites, but I don't know how to alter this storyline to make it good, so just enjoy my photos:
It's on the outskirts of Lijiang:
Lincoln Chafee—the deer-in-headlights, generally perplexing fifth human on stage at the Democratic debate—had one thing going for him Tuesday night.
“I'm very proud that over my almost 30 years of public service, I have had no scandals,” Chafee sheepishly said in his introduction at the showdown in Las Vegas.
But that's not entirely true.
He was in hot water once for using a $6,000 slush fund to buy many strange things, including multiple frogs for an office aquarium.
Chafee liberally used the fund in the 1990s during his seven-year term as the mayor of Warwick, Rhode Island's second-largest city. According to a 2000 report from the Providence Journal, Chafee's aides wrote out $350 checks from that account in 1993 and 1994 to secure seats at the Providence Newspaper Guild Follies, an annual event for members of newspaper unions.
Chafee also spent thousands on flowers and bought 10 toboggans for a Christmas party for children of the city's unionized workers.
But beyond the charitable, albeit controversial, use of this mayoral “discretionary fund,” Chafee also spent at least $40 a month to maintain a fish tank in his office. And he once added to the amphibious ambiance by purchasing four frogs at the seemingly low price of $1.99 each.
In 2000, when Democratic mayoral candidate and brother of actor James Woods, Michael Woods, called for a state police investigation into the use of the line-item fund, Chafee defended his actions.
“It shows goodwill and that the city is involved,” Chafee told the Providence Journal. “This is a budgeted item that is open to public hearing every year… Nobody ever in my seven years asked that that line item be taken out. Everybody knew what it was about. They asked questions. What is this about? It's the mayor's discretionary fund for charities. Nobody said let's get rid of it.”
The frog news broke as Chafee was running for Senate and initially dropped him down from 56 percent to 50 percent against his Republican opponent, Robert Weygand. Chafee ended up winning by a landslide 16 percent margin.
The fate of the frogs and the office-confined aquarium where they dwelled remains a mystery (although some indoor frogs can live as long as 21 years), as Chafee did not have the opportunity to discuss his interest in amphibians during the Democratic debate.
As he closed out what was an unequivocally disastrous night, Chafee reiterated “I have had no scandals. I have high ethical standards. And what I'm most proud of is my judgment.”
Particularly when it comes to office pets.
The Chafee campaign has not responded to a question about the frogs' current status.
I make no apologies. This maybe my most photo heavy blog ever. 331 to be exact.
Do I care? Not really. This wedding was way too awesome.
I couldn't keep this short because well I love Elise & Marwan, I love their wedding day and I have loved working with them. Keeping this short to be 'aesthetically' pleasing would be insulting.
When I first met these two back in June 2016 I instantly knew they were right for me. Every stage of working with Elise & Marwan has just been a joy. To top that off they are the most thoughtful and generous and kind people you can imagine.
So of course their wedding was going to be epic and it was.
Held at the beautiful Kent wedding venue Salomons Estate near Tunbridge Wells probably one of the most amazing venues in the area with its traditional gardens BUT amazingly quirky and gorgeous Science Theatre this place just was wow.
The weather was on top form as well allowing their ceremony to go ahead outside! I still don't know how they fit so many people on that terrace :)
I need to take my hat off to Elise & Marwan they painstakingly and lovingly made pretty much everything from the bouquet's to the centre pieces so much hard work was put into this day to make it theirs.
These guys also win the prize for the most confetti in their confetti shot.
I actually can't put it into words how fantastic this wedding was. I had all these things to say in my head when I was uploading the photos but now I have stumbled as its overwhelming the emotions I have around this day and I was just the photographer!
The speeches were perfect, the party was awesome and the authenticity was through the roof.
I will finish there. Thank you so much for having me capture your day guys.
Now for the best bits, all 331 of them.
Ami xx
A suicide attack targeted a top Taliban leader in Kunduz province in north of Afghanistan, leaving at least four people dead.
According to the security officials, the incident took place on Saturday night in Dashti Archi district after a suicide bomber detonated himself among the Taliban fighters.
Commander of the 808 Spinzar Zone, Sher Aziz Kamawal, told VOA's Afghanistan service that four Taliban insurgents were killed in the attack.
He said Taliban's shadow governor for Kunduz Mullah Abdul Salam Akhund was wounded in the attack.
According to Kamawal, the suicide bomber had come from the restive Achin district of Nangarhar for the suicide attack.
Local residents have said Mullah Abdul Salam was invited in a party in Tark village where he was targeted by the bomber.
No group has so far claimed responsibility behind the attack which comes as the infighting among the Taliban group has been rise during the recent years.
Taliban is also facing threats from the loyalists of the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) terrorist group who are mainly based in Achin, Kot, Haska Mina and some other remote districts of Nangarhar.
That's right. A country that outlawed homosexuality in 2013 is now more progressive in the eSports movement than we are. Well, that's not exactly true as certain organizations have made a push for eSports to be recognized as a tier one sport in South Africa, albeit for all the wrong reasons. But that's neither here nor there, and this announcement by the Russian government will come into affect on June 17th.
Russia is actually extremely progressive in competitive gaming. Back in 2001, before it was known as eSports, competitive gaming was recognized alongside sports, but this was retracted in 2006 due to not meeting the minimum requirements, according to GosuGamers. 10 Years later eSports will once again be officially recognized as a sport, and placed on the “official register of sports” as of June 17th.
Russia has been perhaps one of the most active nations in the eSports world housing teams such as Team Empire, Moscow Five, Team Spirit, Virtus.Pro, and more. In 2015 a Russian billionaire, Alisher Usmanov invested $100 million into eSports, a testament to the growth of eSports in Russia. This proves, that compared to 2006, Russia is growing exponentially by the year and this growth is only set to continue as the global industry reaches the predicted $1 billion mark set out by Newzoo in 2019.
The Russian stereotype amongst gamers in the world often varies from toxicity to vast amounts of talent spread across one of the largest gaming nations in the world. The fact is, plain and simple, Russia is an extremely large country, and they do breed a ton of extremely talented gamers, and do frequent a large majority of the European servers. Whether this push for the recognition of eSports was fueled by it's sheer growth, or perhaps pressure being put on them by surrounding countries who have already gone through the motions of recognition remains to be seen. Needless to say this will have its benefits and further the interest and investment of eSports in Russia.
Like esports?
Check out esports central
Last Updated:
Currently, Gilmore Girls is enjoying a small revival on Netflix. Since October 1st, many Millennials and Generation X-ers are re-discovering the wonderfully witty TV show. Not surprisingly, a few actors appeared on Gilmore Girls in small or recurring roles before they found stardom. Here are 11 examples.
Jon Hamm
Before he starred as Don Draper on AMC's Mad Men, Jon Hamm appeared briefly as the very boring Peyton Sanders from the episode “Eight O'Clock at the Oasis” from season three. Peyton and Lorelai didn't have a second date.
Nick Offerman
He played Jackson Belleville's brother Beau in two episodes; “The Festival of Living Art” in season four and “Always a Godmother, Never a God” in season six.
Victoria Justice
A 10-year-old Victoria Justice was featured in the episode “The Hobbit, the Sofa, and Digger Stiles” from season four. She didn't like Sookie's cooking. How dare you?!
Max Greenfield
Before he played Schmidt on New Girl, Max Greenfield appeared as one of Dean's drunken friends in “Chicken or Beef?” from season four.
Nasim Pedrad
One of Nasim Pedrad's first TV appearances was on the episode “Bridesmaids Revisited” from season six. She would later go on to be a regular on Saturday Night Live and the new sitcom Mulaney.
Danny Strong
Danny Strong is known as an Emmy Award winning screenwriter for HBO's Game Change, but before that he appeared on Gilmore Girls as Doyle McCaster, the editor of the Yale Daily News and Paris' boyfriend. Strong was on the TV show for four seasons.
Krysten Ritter
Before she was the B**** in Apt 23, Krysten Ritter played Lucy, one of Rory's Yale friends in season seven.
Jane Lynch
Jane Lynch played an annoyed nurse in the episode “Forgiveness and Stuff” from season one. She was not happy with Emily Gilmore, but then again, who is?
Adam Brody
A year before The O.C., Adam Brody played Lane Kim's first real boyfriend Dave in season three.
Brandon Routh
Before he played the Man of Steel in Superman Returns and Evil Ex #3 Todd Ingram in Scott Pilgrim vs. The World, Brandon Routh played a tall and good-looking concert goer in season one. Apparently, his name was Jess.
Danny Pudi
The geek actor played Raj, one of the staffers at the Yale Daily News in season six and season seven. Danny Pudi went on to play Abed on Community and in a cameo role in Captain America: The Winter Soldier.
Initiated as a pilot program at the time Gene Luen Yang was appointed National Ambassador of Young People's Literature, Reading Without Walls, a program to expand the range of books that children read, will launch and become an annual event beginning in April.
The formal launch of the annual program will make it easier for schools, libraries, and booksellers to host Reading Without Walls events to encourage children to participate. Although the national initiative begins in April, organizers at the different venues can visit the ReadingWithoutWalls website immediately and find a video of Yang discussing the program as well as a wide range of downloadable support materials that include physical kits, reading lists, buttons, badges, stickers, and posters.
According to the program's website, Reading Without Walls is designed to "celebrate reading and diversity" and encourage children to read books outside of their personal experience, books they might not have considered before. Structured as an educational challenge, the program encourages children to “read a book about a character who doesn't look like you,” or to read “a book about a topic you don't know much about,” or “a book in a format that they don't normally read for fun, such as a chapter book, an audio book, a graphic novel, or a book in verse.” Once a challenge is completed children receive certificates and other rewards that mark their literary achievement.
In an interview with PW, Yang, a MacArthur “Genius” Fellow, who has had two graphic novels nominated for National Book Awards in Young People's Literature, said that “[Reading Without Walls] started last January as an experimental pilot when I was appointed National Ambassador. Schools and libraries and bookstores put up displays and issued challenges. We want to make it easier for them.” Yang said the pilot program has led to the design of certificates of participation, posters, activity kits, puzzles, and other materials to promote the reading program.
“I announced Reading Without Walls program at the National Book Festival [last fall] with a speech on social media. People really ran with it and we've gotten a lot of feedback. Now we're finalizing the program and supplying a lot of formal materials to teachers, retailers, and librarians that will help them get involved.”
Yang said that feedback from the pilot program has helped to expand the program to “reading in other languages. We'll also have kits that encourage children to create their own poetry, novels and comics. We're taking [the program] from reading without walls, to encouraging kids to make their own stories, outside of their walls.”
The program is a partnership with the Center for the Book at the Library of Congress, Every Child a Reader, the Children's Book Council, and Macmillan Children's Publishing Group.
Nothing beats a lovely hearth fire does, it? The heart of the house, where family gather to warm toes, bums and to ponder life.
But don't forget all the hard work, sweat, midge bites and swearing that went into getting those turf dry and home. As we sit back and enjoy the smell, heat and lovely warm cosy feeling of our turf fires, lets take a minute to remember (and look forward to) the summer in the Leitrim bog.
1. Have you cut yet?
Not your hair, not the lawn or your budget, this short question refers to the bog. Have you cut your turf yet, because neighbour A, B and C have. Yes it is just after Easter - but you have to think ahead.
If you have cut - did you get much? How many “bins” did you get. While ten bins may sound manageable, the first time to see those long rows of sausage turf you will get the fear.
2. Aches and Pains
And you should be afraid, very afraid. Lifting, stacking and bagging turf is backbreaking work. You will feel the burn in parts of your body you didn't know existed.
Actually December is the perfect time to start building and stretching your arms, calf muscles and hamstrings in preparation for the bog. But it doesn't matter what you do, you will feel pain after a session on the bog - think of it as the original boot camp!
3. Sun burn/ sun stroke
If you don't get sunburned at the bog, it is like you didn't really go to the bog. You can slather yourself in suncream (we obviously advise that you do) but you will miss a bit, or sweat it off and wake up the next morning with a painful and visually obvious reminder of your day's hard labour.
4. Bits of bog
You can wear gloves, a hat, and tuck your socks into your wellies - but bog dust, bog bits and black bog will come home with you. You will find it under your finger nails, up your nose, in your hair and all over your body. Don't fight it, embrace nature and see it as an exfoliation product - and shower three times a day afterwards.
5. Midges everywhere
Midges (not midgets) are the bane of any good bog man or woman's life. You have waited until the sun goes down, and have the rest of the evening set aside for work on the bog. And then they arrive, not one or two, but hundreds and thousands. Do you call it a day? Do you stick it out? Either way you will be “ate.”
6. The tractor getting stuck
Tractors hate the bog much more than we do, that is why they stall, the battery won't work, the trailer won't hitch … and then you just know your luck, as the rain clouds threaten overhead - the tractor gets stuck.
It always happens every year, all you can do is hope it isn't your tractor. If there are plenty of people in the bog you will be guaranteed a bit of help (and probably a bit of craic) but saving machinery from Ireland's sinking sand can be tricky business. Stay safe.
Every year you swear you won't return and every year you do. Here is to Summer in Leitrim bogs!
The same day that President Obama nominated Loretta Lynch to be the next attorney general, Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX) and Sen. Mike Lee (R-UT) signaled that it won't be an easy process.
“President Obama's Attorney General nominee deserves fair and full consideration of the United States Senate, which is precisely why she should not be confirmed in the lame duck session of Congress by senators who just lost their seats and are no longer accountable to the voters,” the senators said in a Saturday statement.
Multiple Republican senators have already expressed the same view that the Senate should wait to confirm the attorney general until the newly-elected senators take office in January.
But Cruz and Lee also said they would question Lynch over immigration.
“The Attorney General is the President's chief law enforcement officer. As such, the nominee must demonstrate full and complete commitment to the law. Loretta Lynch deserves the opportunity to demonstrate those qualities, beginning with a statement whether or not she believes the President's executive amnesty plans are constitutional and legal,” they said in the statement.
H/t The Hill
The connection to what ordinary people understand as the EDM is that, in the limit of non-relativistic quantum mechanics, the EDM operator above reduces to the interaction Hamiltonian
Thus, at non-relativistic energies the EDM corresponds to a shift of energy levels of the electron in an external electric field
that depends on the direction of electron's spin
. This is how the EDM is measured in practice, up to a few unexciting details that those with a passion for craftsmanship can find in the ACME
;)
Actually, electric dipole moments.... The new limit on the electric dipole moment (EDM) of the electron published by the ACME collaboration was already mentioned on blogs and in popular press . Here I will discuss in slightly more technical terms the significance of this result.For particle physicists the EDM looks like this:So, the EDM of the electron is defined as a coefficientof a particular operator that couples the electron fieldto the electromagnetic (photon) field. By dimensional counting,is expressed in units of 1/Energy or, equivalently, in units of length. The ACME limit reads || ≤ 8.7×10^−29 e*cm or || ≤ e/(2×10^14 GeV), whereis the electric charge. This is 12 times stronger than the previous best limit.The EDM operator is non-renormalizable as it has dimension 5 (actually, dimension 6 when it is rewritten in a form that is invariant under the Standard Model gauge symmetry). For that reason it cannot appear in the Standard Model Lagrangian, and the lowest order prediction isHowever, it can be generated by loop effects, much as the closely related operator responsible for the anomalous magnetic dipole moment of the electron. The important difference between these two is that the EDM, unlike the magnetic moment, violates CP symmetry. The Standard Model contains only one source of CP violation - the invariant phase in the CKM matrix. This invariant is proportional to the product of all the CKM mixing angles which are small numbers, therefore CP violating effects in the Standard Model are severely suppressed. Moreover, it turns out that the electron EDM arises only at the 4th order (4 loops) in perturbation theory. All in all, the contribution from the CKM phase is estimated as || ≤ 10^-38 e*cm, many orders of magnitude below the current experimental sensitivity. The neutrino sector may bring new sources of CP violation - the Dirac and Majorana phases in the PMNS neutrino mixing matrix - and these contributions to the electron EDM may arise already at 2 loops. Since we don't know the phases in the neutrino sector (or even the absolute values of the neutrino masses for that matter) we cannot compute that contribution exactly. However, we know it should be suppressed by neutrino masses squared and one can estimate it leads to≲ 10^-43 e*cm, even smaller than the CKM phase contribution. At the end of the day, the Standard Model prediction isfor all practical purpose. That's great, because it means that the electron EDM offers a clean test of the Standard Model: a measurement of a non-zero value would be an unequivocal proof of new physics beyond the Standard Model.So what does the new ACME measurement tell us about new physics? Generally, new physics contributions to the EDMs must be of the formwhere v=246 GeV is the electroweak scale, M is the mass scale of new physics and c is a numerical coefficient that may be of order 1, or may be smaller depending on a model. For c∼1, the ACME result translates to the mind blowing limit of M ≳ 10^5 TeV. This is the best case scenario that arises when new physics has a completely generic flavor and CP violating structure and couples strongly to the electron. But not every new physics model is constrained so stringently. It is often automatic that new physics contributions to the electron EDM are proportional to the electron mass (if it isn't, an appropriate protection mechanism can be rather easily incorporated into the model). Moreover, the EDM is typically suppressed by a 1-loop factor at least. Then a better estimate iswhich leads to the limit M≳10 TeV for the mass scale of CP violating new physics. That's a less impressive but still a non-trivial constraint on models of new physics at the TeV scale.It is worth commenting on supersymmetry as a particular example of new physics that may come in a package with new sources of CP violation. Even in the minimal supersymmetric model there are dozens of potential new phases that could show up in the electron EDM. To avoid a too complicated and too pessimistic analysis one always introduces additional constraints on the parameter space that hopefully can be explained by an underlying model of supersymmetry breaking. As an example, let's see what happens in the very restricted framework where all superpartner masses are the same, and the only new source of CP violation is the relative phase θ between the μ term and Bμ term in the Higgs sector. Then one obtains where g is the weak coupling in the Standard Model, and tanβ is a free parameter describing the supersymmetric Higgs sector. This is a very severe constraint for large tanβ, but also a non-trivial one for moderate tanβ. Of course, this kind of arguments does not robustly exclude supersymmetry showing up at the energies achievable at the LHC. The supersymmetric model could have a more elaborate protection mechanism (e.g. leading to a suppression by additional loop factors), or simply the CP violating phases could vanish because of the way how supersymmetry breaking is transferred to the observable sector (see here for one concrete example). But the simplest explanation of the current data is that there are no superpartners up to at least ~10 TeV.The most exciting aspect about the electron EDM is that there's still a lot of room for improving the experimental sensitivity. Therefore we will be able to indirectly probe new physics at even higher scales. ACME itself boasts that they can improve the limit by another factor of 10 soon. That would translate to a factor of 3 improvement in the new physics reach; that's by the way more than the energy jump from 8 to 13 TeV LHC... Clearly, the EDMs are one of our best chances to pinpoint the scale of new physics in this century.
Regions feature in C# is frowned upon by many. There are good reasons for that. In this post, I'd like to discuss why exactly you should avoid using them.
C# regions on the class level
Regions are one of the strongest smells in the C# language in a sense that it's hard to come up with a justification for their usage. If you see one in code, it's almost always a sign of a bad design decision.
Let's take a couple of examples. Here's one of the most common use cases I see in which regions are involved:
It might seem compelling at first, especially if you are used to this style of programming. There are several problems here, however.
This style is often aimed to hide the fact that a class is too large and thus violates the Single Responsibility Principle. The problem here is that the use of regions doesn't solve the underlying problem but rather amplifies it even more making it's harder for programmers to see the issue. If there's a problem with code, don't hide it. State it. Make it explicit by removing the regions and try to solve it after that. The solution is often as simple as splitting the class into several ones.
One might argue that large classes are not the only use case for regions and that they can be applied to relatively small classes as well. Indeed, I saw code bases where regions were part of the code style and were used almost everywhere. It wasn't unusual to expand a couple of folds and see that there's effectively nothing inside:
So, would small classes be a good use case for them? No. While there are admittedly merits in such approach, one of them being a standardized code style, its drawbacks are much more substantial:
Regions hide the perspective . It's hard to see what's going on in the file you just opened. It requires you to take an additional action (unfold a region) which essentially results in poor user experience for developers.
. It's hard to see what's going on in the file you just opened. It requires you to take an additional action (unfold a region) which essentially results in poor user experience for developers. Regions encourage programmers to group methods by their visibility and/or implementation details , not functionality. Of course, regions don't entail such behavior per se but I see it a lot because, well, such segregation is easier to perform and standardize. It's a good idea to group the class methods by their purpose even if it means you need to combine a property and a backing field or a public and a private method together. Such practice leads to better cohesion.
, not functionality. Of course, regions don't entail such behavior per se but I see it a lot because, well, such segregation is easier to perform and standardize. It's a good idea to group the class methods by their purpose even if it means you need to combine a property and a backing field or a public and a private method together. Such practice leads to better cohesion. If not used for hiding large code chunks, regions don't provide additional value and thus should be removed due to the Yagni principle. If a class is small enough, why even bother trying to hide different pieces of it?
C# regions on the method level
Although regions inside a method are less common, they sometimes take place as well. Let's look at this example:
The problems with this method are essentially the same. In addition to sweeping the problem under the carpet, regions act as comments here. As any comments used inside a method, they signalize an issue with the code readability. Instead of hiding parts of the method under regions, it's better to refactor it and extract the “Create an object”, “Perform an action” and “Save the object” portions into separate functions.
The “Parameter validation” part is a bit trickier. Large validation sections is a strong sign of primitive obsession. To solve this problem, create separate classes for notions in your domain model instead of using primitive types to represent those notions.
Any good use cases for C# regions?
Despite all said above, I personally think there are a couple of good use cases for regions in C#.
The first one is legacy code bases. It's not always possible to break large classes into smaller ones when you work on a legacy project. At the same time, you may need to extend it in some way: fix bugs, add new functionality, etc. In this case, it would be probably a good idea to mark the “dark area” with several regions to help yourself orientate in it.
Another use case is some hack which you deliberately inject in your code. An example here would be email templates. If there are only a few of them and they don't change often, it might be easier to just include the templates into C# code instead of using separate HTML files. If this is the case, you may employ regions to isolate the template text from the code.
It's important to note that these use cases should be viewed as exceptional or, even better, temporary. They shouldn't occur too often.
Summary
The biggest problem with C# regions is that they hide problems with code. If you see a region in your code, try to remove it and fix the underlying issue.
With North Korea carrying out its fifth underground nuclear test recently - and reports that the regime of Kim Jong-un is looking to conduct another similar detonation at its Punggye-ri test site - there are growing calls in Seoul for South Korea to develop a comparable nuclear deterrent.
Following an emergency meeting at the National Assembly in Seoul on Monday, September 12, a faction of the ruling Saenuri Party called on the government to consider developing and deploying nuclear weapons to deter Pyongyang from new and increasingly belligerent provocations.
"In order to protect peace, we also need to consider all measures to deter North Korea's provocations, including nuclear armament for the purpose of self-defense," Won Yoo-chul, a senior lawmaker for the party, was quoted by the Korea JoongAng Daily as saying.
'A nuclear crisis is developing'
"With North Korea's fifth nuclear test, its nuclear weapons have taken a stride toward posing an actual threat to the South Korean people," he stated, adding that a "nuclear crisis is developing" as Pyongyang has ignored international condemnation and United Nations sanctions to go ahead with both the development of an arsenal of nuclear warheads and the ballistic missiles to deliver them.
A group of 31 members of the Saenuri Party signed a statement calling for South Korea to take all possible measures - "including nuclear armament" - to protect the safety of the South Korean people.
And there are growing numbers of citizens who agree that historic attempts to communicate and negotiate with the North have come to naught and that Pyongyang has no real interest in reducing tensions on the peninsula.
"This is the fifth time they have carried out a nuclear test and all that successive South Korean governments have done is to show that they are unable to prevent the North developing nuclear weapons," said Kim Bum-soo, executive director of the conservative NGO Save North & Next Korea.
"And I do not think anything will be different this time," he told DW. "And every time the international community fails, it gives North Korea more time to develop nuclear weapons and missiles, the analyst added.
Return of US weapons?
"I believe it is time that the South Korean government gave serious consideration to developing its own nuclear weapons or to arrange with Washington for the strategic nuclear weapons that were removed from South Korea in the 1990s to be returned," Kim Bum-soo stressed. "To me, that would be the most meaningful strategy to stop North Korean aggression."
Calls for Seoul to have an independent nuclear deterrent came just days after politicians suggested that South Korea needs to develop its own nuclear-powered submarines to counter the North's growing submarine-launched ballistic missile (SLBM) capability.
After its most recent SLBM test, on August 24, Pyongyang declared that it had perfected the launch system - a development that has caused concern in many nations that fear a North Korean submarine could evade detection and get close to a target before launching its weapons.
On Sunday, South Korea's presidential office played down suggestions that the government was considering adopting nuclear weapons.
Park opposition
Park Geun-hye, the South Korean president, has so far remained silent on the issue since the most recent test. However, after the previous underground detonation in January, she told reporters that she was firmly against arming the South with nuclear weapons.
"We have made our promise to the international community," she said. "If we [develop our own nuclear weapons] we will break that promise.
"Nuclear weapons should not exist on the Korean peninsula," she noted.
Stephen Nagy, an associate professor of politics at Tokyo's International Christian University, believes that no matter the provocation, it will be difficult to convince the majority of people in South Korea of the need to deploy atomic weapons.
"I just don't think the proposal will be able to gain sufficient traction among the public because they understand the potential consequences of a nuclear war on the peninsula," he told DW.
"South Koreans have been very comfortable in outsourcing their national defense to the US," he said. "And it is also clear that neither Beijing nor Tokyo would be happy to see South Korea expanding its military capabilities by adopting nuclear weapons."
Chinese concern
"Beijing, in particular, would be extremely concerned that Japan would follow suit and that would mean a full-blown arms race in the region," Nagy argued.
But the pace at which North Korea is carrying out nuclear and missile tests means Seoul has good reason to be concerned, the expert pointed out. "It is clear that they have made massive progress with their ballistic missiles and submarine-launched missiles, as well as with their nuclear program," he said. "So the strategy of trying to deny the North the ability to develop these weapons has proven to be ineffective, which is why they are looking for a new approach."
On the other end of the spectrum to those who advocate South Korea developing nuclear weapons are those who want Seoul to engage Pyongyang, to drop sanctions and hope that the regime there moderates its behavior.
Critics of this approach point out that the South's previous "sunshine policy" did precisely that but achieved nothing. "It's true that North Korea has perfected brinkmanship, and that they understand the relationship between a demonstration of their offensive capabilities and their ability to exploit that for concessions from the US, from China and other countries," Nagy said.
The opinions expressed by columnists are their own and do not represent the views of Townhall.com.
Hillary Clinton is white. The pastors who declared her to be the next president of the United States, surrounded by the favor of the Lord, were black.
Hillary Clinton is a woman. Most of the pastors were men.
So, this is not a color issue and this is not a gender issue.
This is a righteousness issue, and it is shameful for ministers of the gospel to bless a candidate who stands for a woman's “right” to shed innocent blood in the womb (through all 9 months of pregnancy), who aggressively supports the redefinition of marriage, and who calls for the changing of cherished religious beliefs.
Shame on those who partook in this ceremony.
It would have been one thing if they prayed for her in a biblical way, asking God to bring her to Himself and to help her fulfill her God-given destiny. By all means, we should pray for Hillary Clinton (just as we should pray for Bernie Sanders and for the Republican candidates).
It is another thing entirely for these Christian leaders to say over her, “Until He comes again, Secretary Clinton and President-to-be Clinton, we decree and declare from the crown of your head to the soles of your feet that the favor of the Lord will surround you like a shield, in Jesus' name.”
No, my brothers and sisters (if indeed, all of you truly know the Lord), the favor of the Lord does not surround those who call evil good and good evil, and it will not surround such people until they repent.
There is a black genocide taking place in our country as Satan continues to wage war on African Americans, a people who have endured unimaginable hardship in our country. And the stark reality is that, what slavery and segregation could not do, abortion is doing, killing black babies at a disproportionate rate compared to the rest of the nation. In the words of black pastor Clenard Childress, “The most dangerous place for an African American is in the womb. (He claims that “1,786 African-American children . . . are killed each day in the womb.”)
As stated boldly on the Maafa21 website, “They were stolen from their homes, locked in chains and taken across an ocean. And for more than 200 years, their blood and sweat would help to build the richest and most powerful nation the world has ever known. But WHEN SLAVERY ENDED, THEIR WELCOME WAS OVER. America's wealthy elite had decided it was time for them to disappear and they were not particular about how it might be done. . . . So DON'T THINK THAT THIS IS HISTORY. IT IS NOT. IT IS HAPPENING RIGHT HERE, AND IT'S HAPPENING RIGHT NOW.”
You might reject Maafa21's claim that the disproportionate percentage of black abortions in America is part of a conspiracy, but the numbers are undeniable, whatever the cause.
Last year I wrote an article entitled, “Black Lives Matter, Beginning in the Womb,” pointing to a 2104 article which documented that in New York City, more black babies were aborted than born in 2012.
According to the article, in 2012, “there were more black babies killed by abortion (31,328) in New York City than were born there (24,758), and the black children killed comprised 42.4 percent of the total number of abortions in the Big Apple, according to a report by the New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene.”
Note also that while blacks make up roughly 25 percent of the city's population, they made up more than 42 percent of the abortions, while nationwide, blacks make up roughly 13 percent of the population but account for more than 35 percent of all abortions.
How then can minister of the gospel – of any color – proclaim the favor of the Lord over a radically pro-abortion candidate? What kind of blindness is that?
In April, 2015, Hillary Clinton actually stated that, “Religious beliefs and structural biases have to be changed” in order to expand abortion, and she is on record as pledging that, if elected, she would only appoint Supreme Court Justices who would uphold Roe v. Wade. And she once included as a woman's “fundamental right” the utterly gruesome and barbaric practice of partial birth abortion.” (I challenge every pastor who laid hands on Hillary to watch this video. The woman you anointed president defends this horrific practice.)
The Lord's favor does not surround those who celebrate and uphold a decision that has led to the slaughter of more than 55 million babies, and to declare so is to make a mockery of God and His Word.
Needless to say, there are countless African American Christians, including leaders, who agree with me. As I said, this is not about race or gender. This is about righteousness.
Strikingly, in Leviticus 18, the practice of sacrificing children to the god Molech is followed immediately by the prohibition of homosexual sex: “You shall not give any of your children to offer them to Molech, and so profane the name of your God: I am the LORD. You shall not lie with a male as with a woman; it is an abomination” (Lev 18:21-22).
Not surprisingly, the most radical pro-abortionists are almost always staunchly pro-homosexual, and Hillary Clinton is a glaring case in point. In fact, her 2011 speech in Geneva, in which she aggressively pushed America's gay activism on the world, was so offensive across the continent of Africa that leaders there called it “abhorrent.”
What then would these African leaders say to African American leaders who declare the favor of the Lord over a radical supporter of abortion and homosexual activism?
Someone might say, “Well, the only alternative is a Republican, and the Republican party has largely ignored black America and not been compassionate toward the poor. Plus, Republicans are war mongers, which also leads to the shedding of innocent blood.”
But even if every word of that criticism were true – and that's a discussion for another day – the Democrats have hardly elevated poor Americans (including African Americans) and, more importantly, just because you don't find a suitable Republican candidate doesn't mean you proclaim blessing over a candidate who supports what God abhors.
And so, while it is bad enough to vote for a candidate like Hillary Clinton, it is far worse for representatives of the Lord Jesus to lay their hands on her in holy affirmation.
Having said this, I'm quite aware that some will love me for writing this column while others will hate me, but just as those leaders felt they should bless and anoint Hillary for President, I felt that I should call them out.
Let God be the Judge.
When the civil rights movement began in the 1950s it was based upon the premise that all human beings should be equal before the law. To that moment; and in many ways still today, a portion of the population; in the form of every African American living on the continent, had been excluded illegally from public life and the democratic process. As the movement gathered momentum it became clear that the old way of life in the antebellum south could no longer be sustained. The struggle however, was anything but peaceful. Most of the violence that was dulled out came from the segment of the society that felt it had the most to lose. This being the white male of the south. Interestingly enough the major portion of those who adhered to the racist ideals of the “dixiecrats” were themselves poor and disenfranchised. But in the American black they at least had one segment of the population that even they were better than. So in order to maintain that status quo they needed to make absolutely certain that the cast system stayed in place. This meant using something that has become all too familiar for the modern reader: terrorism.
Temporally speaking these events happened a mere fifty years ago. The fire bombings lynching's and random killings had gone on since the days of reconstruction but it was not until this moment; when the eyes of the entire nation were fixed on the old south, that the plight of the average African American was fully realized by the rest of white America. Unfortunately, it will never be known just how many died in the period between reconstruction and 1955. The perpetrators of these crimes kept no record of these illegal killings. There are no rolls by which the names of the dead can be read into the record. We have only the sparse literary evidence, and at times the photographic evidence of the crime captured in a single moment of horror.
We as human beings are rightly appalled by this. We look back at a less civilized era in our own minds eye and tell ourselves that such things do not occur anymore. That we as a people have moved beyond this moment in history. But one has only to peruse the internet today to know such a conclusion is not merited. Not only is racism still present in today's society it has enjoyed a kind of “renaissance” among groups that claim to be fighting for freedom and the rights of “whites” while attempting to undermine the entire democratic process as it stands. This is the common tactic of the average “extremist” group and this tactic extends to all kinds of bigoted view points. Racism is just one incarnation of a kind of hatred that; despite the fact it takes on many forms, has a common well spring. This is the reason when one looks at the ideas of the modern racist, and the modern sexist, that it is difficult to discern the two.
There is a similar history of unknown brutality for women in societies that were not concerned with the details of their misdeeds. We can never know the exact human toll; there are simply no records in early modern times to look at as there are today. It's a different story in terms of the ancient world, did writers regularly spoke of women both with derision and praise. But even in those highly varied and highly literate societies no statistical knowledge was kept for the sake of gauging the overall health of the populace. Regardless, sexism and racism from the founding of medieval Europe to our modern time has a parallel course, one all too familiar to most and especially to those who experience it on a daily basis.
In fact, the similar history of racism and sexism is the same history. The same arguments that have been meted out repeatedly over the years to justify both ideological stances are interchangeable. So it should come as no surprise that when it comes to justification those who wish to maintain the system that they are familiar with try to find a philosophy and ideological stance that allows them to indulge whatever negative impulse they may have without guilt or reproach.
This is what explains the explosion of so-called libertarians whom hold these kinds of bigoted viewpoints. The ideology lends itself to the most unscrupulous mindset. It is the fertile playground to anyone who would seek to reinstate the old timey values of a bygone era. For our current purpose we are not speaking of the racism we find so evident among the Fringeelements LibertarianRealists and HerrIQs of the world. But rather we turn our attention to those who hold a self styled membership in a fringe ideology known as the MRA or Men's Rights Movement.
On the surface of it the Men's Rights Movement seems like a natural extension of the civil rights movements of the 50s and 60s. Its claim is of course that they are merely looking out for the civil rights of men and boys. Its attachment to the larger movement of anti-authority sentiment that has seen a resurgence in recent times is by no means accidental. Like all anti establishment movements it is dependent on seizing hold of the anger associated with all authoritarian mindsets. It doesn't matter whether these movements claim origin on the “left” or “right” of any issue. The authoritarian sentiment is the same in all groups who seek to make themselves masters of other people's lives regardless of its aisle location. It is fueled by anger. Anger and a sense that their way of life is under attack from outside forces; nefarious and unseen, that seek nothing less than their personal destruction and the destruction of their entire way of life. The anger is off times directed at a specific target whether the target merits it or not. In time the target grows to represent all the fears of the extremist group and once this critical mass is reached the only thing that can alleviate the anxiety of the extremist is the destruction of the source of all the evil.
If you are a racist this naturally means the destruction of anyone whom may be of a different skin color, religion, or country of origin to yourself. If you are a sexist it means the destruction of any group of people whom attempt to bring parody to the sexes; be they heterosexual or the LGBTQ community. For the MRA their hated enemy is “feminism” and all that that entails.
To say that the term “feminism” is a fairly vague term in the first place is an understatement. Opinions of what is actual “feminism” often depends on the individual themselves and the vague association to the system of thought they may adhere to outside of feminism. This is why you have Marxist feminists, Communist feminists, Capitalist feminist etc. covering the whole gambit of beliefs from atheism to Christianity. But nuance is not something that will be a huge feature of this discussion. As we will see the MRA narrative is absolutely dependent on lumping all feminists into a single uniform entity. But not for the reason that they claim.
But the one thing that you will not hear from most feminists in any kind of uniform way is that they are concerned with, and actively engage in a wholesale conspiracy to undermine, destroy, and or annihilate all men on planet earth, or turn them into nothing more than willing slaves to their carnal female impulses. While it cannot be denied that some radical and lesbian feminist's will entertain some of the most ludicrous ideas imaginable about men as a group they like the MRA are on the fringe of most credible discussions on gender equality. In fact the people who seem to give them the most attention are in fact the MRA. In most cases the extremist wing of feminism would be nothing more than a distraction to the main discussions if not for the MRAs constant assertions that in the depths of the Radfem hub reddit the radicals of the women's liberation movement are plotting the ultimate destruction of the white male.
Unsubstantiated fears aside the boogeyman that has been created in the mind of the average MRA is of a dangerous Marxist subversive clique that has spread its dangerous language of tolerance and equality into every corner of the government. The result is a government that creates legislation, scholarships, and opportunity for women and only women. Women are the favored sex in the mind of the MRA and all history according to them supports this claim.
The biggest problem with this picture is that it's complete and utter nonsense. In fact it is so unsubstantiated that giving the MRA any consideration at all at this point is the equivalent of promoting the worst kind of authoritarian impulse and anti-intellectualism in our social and political discourse.
As a rule, civil rights movements engage in seeking out equality for a disenfranchised group. This often involves the establishment of a number of organizational tools: legal action networks, communications between likeminded individuals, seminars and workshops to establish techniques and an overall plan of action for the achievable goal, and most importantly friendly relations with political social apparatus that can aid the group in comprehensive legislation that helps to enfranchise the disenfranchised group. Civil rights organizations as a teleological rule cannot seek to disenfranchise another group. From the outset any group who would seek to do this would not be a group dedicated to civil rights, but rather an authoritarian group dedicated to subjugation of another.
The reason for this is quite simple. It's a rights movement not a movement to remove rights from one group to strengthen the position of another. The fundamental problem with the MRA movement is that it wishes to disenfranchise women, for the sake of men. It is not in any way related to mainstream feminism which attempts to enfranchise both men and women in its own capacity. From a teleological stand point no movement dedicated to the promotion of rights can by definition be dedicated to removing already won rights of another group. From the very beginning the MRA ideology does not even pass a basic ethical consideration as a movement dedicated to human rights. In order to explain this properly we must go into as specific explanation of why the Men's Rights Movement does not hold up to rigorous philosophical, legal, and scientific examination. The following essay will examine this in minute detail. In an effort to make the information as accessible as possible I will strive to source as many links from the web as possible. Other information will be provided in citation that can only be gleaned from journal and book sources.
The goal of this work is straightforward and utilitarian in nature. It is meant as a full refutation of the claims made by the MRA and all of its incarnations and various strains. Despite the fact that the MRA claim to be an group of individuals with differing opinions just as modern feminism, the truth does not hear this claim out. The Men's Rights movement has one thing in common across all strains. Hatred of modern western women under the guise of fighting misandry and feminism. One has only to substitute the word “women” for “feminism” and read the words written by the MRA themselves to understand this assertion. Many times MRA ideologues claim that they are misquoted and taken out of context during the course of legitimate discussion. However, when one puts what they say in context you find that it is actually much worse than if one had simply used the quote in question. The reality of this movement is simple. This; as with every other extremist group in history, is a group steeped in hate, no matter how much they claim otherwise. Hate is perhaps the weakest of all human emotions which makes it the perfect emotive device of the MRA. Hate sustains the movement; drives it forward, and creates the atmosphere of critical mass needed for their paranoid ravings. But no matter how many videos they produce; nor articles written for their own personal echo chambers, they cannot change the fact that their movement is based on hatred.
A Russian cruise liner that got lost in the Atlantic and may be loaded with rats could be heading for the British coast, British tabloids said Tuesday.
MOSCOW, January 23 (RIA Novosti) – A Russian cruise liner that got lost in the Atlantic and may be loaded with rats could be heading for the British coast, British tabloids said Tuesday.
The MV Lyubov Orlova went adrift off the coast of Newfoundland while it was being towed to a scrapyard in January 2013.
British coastguards believe that it could be heading toward the coat of Britain or Ireland as it drifts across the ocean, the Daily Mail reported, citing the Sun newspaper.
The ghost ship is likely to be carrying hundreds of rats, which have had to resort to cannibalism over the course of the year-long ocean voyage, the report said.
The 4,250-ton liner, named after a sex symbol of Stalin-era Soviet cinema, was launched in 1976 and refitted in 1998 for voyages in the Antarctic.
It was marooned in Canada in 2010 over the owner's debts and eventually sold for scrap metal. But it was lost en route to the Dominican Republic after a towline snapped.
The Lyubov Orlova was initially believed sunk, but sightings have been reported in the Atlantic during the past 12 months, including possibly between Scotland and Iceland just a few weeks ago.
The mystery of the ship's fate generated enough public interest to launch a website, Twitter account and line of merchandise.
The rat-infested liner represents a financial opportunity for anyone who finds it, as it is worth an estimated £600,000 ($1 million) as scrap metal.
A Maritime and Coastguard Agency spokesman dismissed the reports Thursday, saying the agency had received no information about the ghost ship since last April.
Irish coastguards also said they had received no news of the vessel's whereabouts and no reports of anyone seeing it.
Updates with statements from UK, Irish coastguards.
Apr 8, 2017; Toronto, Ontario, CAN; Toronto Maple Leafs defenseman Jake Gardiner (51) and Toronto Maple Leafs goaltender Frederik Andersen (31) and Pittsburgh Penguins forward Sidney Crosby (87) watch a puck go wide of the net during the first period at the Air Canada Centre. Mandatory Credit: John E. Sokolowski-USA TODAY Sports
“He is an elite, number one defender”. “He is a mid pairing guy”. “The guy doesn't deserve to be playing beer-league”. These are variations of comments we have all heard about the same person, Jake Gardiner.
How can one person be such an enigma and cause such chaos between Toronto Maple Leafs fans?
A few weeks ago I wrote about how I thought Morgan Reilly was misidentified by Leaf fans. But with Jake Gardiner, there is no agreed upon identity to misidentify. Therefore, I am going to try to properly identify Jake Gardiner so we can better judge his ability as a defenseman in the National Hockey League.
Before I begin, I'd like to come clean. I used to be the guy that thought we were better off selling him for prospects or picks because he was too much of a liability in the defensive zone. And why would we want a defenseman that can't defend?(!) And now… I still think he is a liability in the defensive zone and is a defender that is not particularly good at defending. And I think we would be crazy to trade him. Wait, what?
In Gardiner's Defense
We all know Jake Gardiner is a possession king and a God of the pure analytics group. We also know that he can often barely pass the eye-test. So why is he worth keeping? Easy, he tilts the ice.
How many times have you said a version of this, “Gardiner should have gotten that puck out of the zone”? Almost never. Gardiner may be a poor defender, but he turns the puck up ice and breaks out so well that he is playing in the offensive zone more often than not. And if you can get the puck out of your zone quickly and keep it in their zone (how many times has he Jake ‘N Baked on the blue line and kept the puck in) then there is much less of a need to be able to defend.
It really is this simple. Jake Gardiner is a poor defender and it doesn't matter because if he spends much more of his time tilting the ice towards the O-Zone, and isn't that the point of a defenseman? I'd rather that than an elite defenseman that doesn't seem to play anywhere but in their own zone. What would be the point?
A defensemans job is not to stop pucks, that is why we have a goalie. A defensemans job is to turn the puck up ice and get it to the forwards. And there are not all that many players in the league that do it better than Jake Gardiner.
Google Chairman Eric Schmidt just took the stage at the Le Web conference to chat about Android, the search giant's expansion and more. When he was asked about why the search engine hadn't acquired any French companies, Schmidt jokingly commented on stage that Google was now buying around one company day.
That's clearly a lot of companies to purchase even for a company with deep pockets like Google. So our intrepid reporter Alexia Tsotsis ran backstage to confirm this, where Schmidt told her on the record that Google was actually acquiring around one company per week. “But why do you never announce them?” she asked him. “We don't have to,” he said.
As revealed in October, this year Google has spent $1.4 billion on 57 acquisitions this year. So yes, with 52 weeks in a year, that sounds about right. Of course, Google has been particularly aggressive with its acquisitions this year, especially in the mobile, social, and search areas. We'll have to see if the search giant will continue its acquisitive strategy in 2012, or scale back.
All jokes aside, with $43 billion in cash, clearly the company has room to up the ante and start buying a company per day.
In a white paper released this month, German auto parts maker Bosch argued for increased development of carbon-neutral synthetic diesel and gas—that is, fuel made from carbon dioxide and (ideally renewable) electricity. Such fuel emits carbon dioxide when it's burned, but it also captures carbon dioxide as it's being made, so it's considered carbon neutral. Bosch researchers said moving to synthetic fuel could prevent the release of an additional 2.8 gigatons of CO 2 in Europe between 2025 and 2050.
Synthetic fuels aren't anything new, but they're far more costly to produce than fossil-fuel-derived oil and gas. Fischer-Tropsch diesel is one kind of synthetic fuel that can be produced with carbon monoxide and hydrogen, creating a substance chemically identical to fossil fuel-based diesel. Another kind of synthetic fuel is made from oxymethylene ethers (OME), but OME fuel often requires retrofits to existing diesel engines before it can be burned in them, according to German broadcaster Deutsche Welle . Both are prohibitively expensive to produce compared to diesel made from fossil fuels.
But Bosch says investing in synthetic fuels is necessary to achieving Europe's decarbonization goals. The company's researchers also argue that the cost of synthetic fuel will fall with economies of scale and sufficient learning. “The transport sector has to achieve near-complete independence of fossil fuels by 2050 according to International Energy Agency models,” the Bosch white paper states. Long term, electrification could achieve this, but Bosch thinks that in the short timeframe we have, it may not be possible to replace the globe's fleet (or even Europe's fleet) with electric and fuel cell vehicles.
Ellen Stechel, a senior sustainability scientist and the deputy director of Arizona State University's LightWorks department, agrees that synthetic fuels are not only possible to make economic, but they're also necessary for reducing our dependence on fossil fuels. “Holding out for 100 percent electric light duty fleet is a little bit like making the perfect the enemy of the good,” Stechel said. “What people don't think about is that with liquid fuels, you're not carrying the oxygen that makes it react, so they're very, very energy-efficient.”
She admits that synthetic fuels are expensive now but says the technology to produce them is there. “With research and advances and being to get on a learning curve” a fleet running on synthetic fuels is possible. “Like anything, there's a barrier, and it's expensive when it's low volume,” Stechel added. “I mean, look at photovoltaic ten years ago.” (In 2000, the world had roughly four gigawatts of solar power capacity installed. By 2017, that number had exploded to 227GW.)
In Bosch's paper, the researchers envisioned an international economy where regions of the world with plentiful renewable resources like wind could generate the power needed to produce H 2 . “The e-hydrogen can be used for fuel cell vehicles or synthesized by additional conversion steps to synthetic methane (e-CH4) or synthetic fuels for an increasing blend in the remaining gasoline and diesel fleet, not only for aviation and navigation but also for commercial and passenger vehicles,” Bosch wrote. The development of synthetic fuel from renewable energy essentially becomes a way to "store" that energy in places where wind, solar, or hydro power is less reliable.
New efforts
Bosch claims that “demonstration-level pilot plants are already ‘online' today and industrialization is expected to be feasible within 5-10 years.” Although Bosch itself says it's not developing synthetic fuels, other companies and research centers are. Continental, another German automotive component maker, announced this month that it had completed tests using 15 percent OME synthetic fuel mixed with regular diesel.
"The current Continental road tests have confirmed that diesel fuel containing 15 percent OME admixture for current diesel engines is already a technically safe and viable possibility for reducing greenhouse gas emissions," the company writes. "This is possible because CO 2 generated as exhaust gas in power stations or steel works can be used in the production of OME. This intelligent linking of energy management, chemistry and automotive sectors enables synthetic fuels such as OME to create a clean bridging technology on the road toward pure electric mobility.”
Bosch agrees that blending synthetic fuel with traditional fuel is the way to go. “With an assumed blend of 1 percent in 2025, 10 percent in 2030, 40 percent in 2040 and completely replacing the fossil fuel share by 2050, near net-zero emissions are achievable,” Bosch claims.
Similarly, the German Karlsruhe Institute of Technology (KIT) and the Finnish Lappeenranta University of Technology partnered to develop what they call the Soletair—a modular chemical plant that produces gasoline, diesel, and kerosene using Fischer-Tropsch synthesis from solar energy and ambient carbon dioxide. (Jamie Hyneman of Mythbusters fame was on the scene in Finland to announce the beginning of the project's tests in June). “The pilot plant has a production capacity of up to 80 liters of gasoline per day. In the first campaign now completed, about 200 liters of fuel were produced in several phases to study the optimum synthesis process, possibilities of using the heat produced, and product properties,” KIT wrote in a press release.
The US is quite focused on biofuels from various crops (currently, a percentage of our gasoline is already blended with biofuel by government mandate), but synthetic fuels could remove the choice between using crop land for food and crop land for fuel. Still, synthetic fuel has had a rough go of it here in the states. Between 1980 and 1985, the US Government supported the Synthetic Fuels Corporation. But with the decline of oil prices, funding was cut. As carbon neutral or carbon negative fuel becomes an imperative under climate change, synthetic fuels' time may be ripening, at least abroad.
President Barack Obama answers questions during a press conference in the East Room of the White House on Aug. 9, 2013.
Photo by Win McNamee/Getty Images
At a press conference on Friday, President Obama vowed to bring new surveillance reforms following recent disclosures about the NSA's secret spy programs. But the commander-in-chief failed to address the latest snooping revelations, which have put the spotlight the extent of the government's ability to sweep up Americans' communications without a warrant.
The New York Times reported Thursday that the NSA was “searching the contents of vast amounts of Americans' e-mail and text communications into and out of the country, hunting for people who mention information about foreigners under surveillance, according to intelligence officials.” This report was then compounded Friday by a new Guardian scoop claiming that the NSA “has a secret backdoor into its vast databases under a legal authority enabling it to search for U.S. citizens' email and phone calls without a warrant.”
There has been an avalanche of reports about the NSA in recent weeks. So many, in fact, that it has been hard to keep track at times. But the two stories from the Times and the Guardian are particularly noteworthy. They shed light on how a controversial 2008 amendment to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act is being used by NSA spies to mine through Americans' data in a way that has not been publicly acknowledged by officials, who have been seeking to play down the extent of the NSA's capabilities. The legal rationale illustrates how the NSA can feasibly use a system called XKEYSCORE, which stores masses of data that is apparently siphoned directly off of Internet networks, to “inadvertently” sift through Americans' communications without a specific warrant. (It remains unclear whether the NSA is able to snoop on data lifted directly off of networks that is sent using SSL encryption over an HTTPS connection.)
In June, leaked secret rules exposed how the NSA could inadvertently gather information about Americans and store it on the vague grounds that the communications “are, or are reasonably believed likely to become, relevant to a current or future foreign intelligence requirement.” The NSA also has authority to pass these communications to other agencies, the rules showed, if they are believed to show evidence of a crime. An exclusive from Reuters on Wednesday revealed how this functions in practice, allowing the DEA to receive communications collected by the NSA. The drug agency can then use that information to initiate legal proceedings—and has been doing so while concealing the details from judges.
However, President Obama did not directly address any of these important issues at the news conference Friday, when he publicly addressed the mounting backlash over NSA surveillance. Obama made a significant commitment to reforming the section of the Patriot Act that has allowed a vast domestic phone records database, and he also vowed to bring in adversarial process to the secret Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, which currently hears only the government's side of the argument. But Obama did not address specific concerns about the 2008 FISA amendment, and he continues to play down revelations about the extent of the NSA's ability to warrantlessly snoop on Americans' communications, insisting that the government is only monitoring bad guys. “What you're not reading about is the government actually abusing these programs,” Obama said. He failed to mention that his administration is actively working to keep secret details about the abuse.
FREDERICTON – A photo of a boy looking exasperated while sitting behind the prime minister has been making the rounds on social media, even giving Justin Trudeau a laugh, but the boy's family wants to set the record straight about the circumstances.
Abdel Kader Al Shaikh was photographed covering his hands over his eyes with his head tilted towards the ceiling as he sat in the front row of Trudeau's town hall in Fredericton last week.
The Canadian Press photo struck a chord with social media users, with some interpreting the boy's expression as frustration with the prime minister.
Trudeau had a more light-hearted take on the scene, joking that as a former teacher, he's used to speaking in front of an audience of squirming children.
READ MORE: Justin Trudeau's cabinet retreat to confront the reality of Donald Trump's presidency
“I haven't seen faces like these kids' since I taught math class,” Trudeau wrote in a tweet that generated thousands of likes. “Thanks New Brunswick!”
While Trudeau's former students may have grimaced in math class, 10-year-old Abdel Kader was eager to hear what the prime minister had to say last Tuesday, his father said in an interview aided by an interpreter.
Hassan Al Shaikh said he and his wife, Radia, along with four of their seven children waited for two hours to see Trudeau, even letting some of the kids skip school so they could see their “hero” in person. The family holds Trudeau in the highest esteem, Hassan Al Shaikh said, as the “only leader in the world” who welcomed Syrian refugees with open arms.
“(I'm) so grateful for all of the Canadian people … who received (our family) with amazing hospitality,” he said. “While other countries closed their borders … Canada was the only country that opened the doors and opened the hearts for the Syrians.”
Abdel Kader watched intently as Trudeau took questions from the audience, but he kept being distracted by his two-year-old brother, Omar, who cried and made noise while the prime minister was speaking, according to the boys' father.
“Abdel Kader tried to make his brother be quiet. He was saying to him, ‘Please listen, listen, listen,” Hassan Al Shaikh said. “When he gave up, he put his hands on his head and said, ‘Oh my god, I am here listen!”
READ MORE: Cabinet shuffle: Changes come as Canada braces for President Donald Trump
Hassan Al Shaikh said that he and Radia were horrified to learn that a photo of the sibling squabble had somehow made its way to the prime minister. The parents feared their son had offended Trudeau and that his gesture could even invite punishment for the whole family, based on their “bad memory” of living under the Syrian government.
Eventually, it was made clear that the prime minister was amused by the image, and Hassan Al Shaikh said he was heartened by Trudeau's “democratic reaction.”
The Al Shaikhs just passed their one-year anniversary in New Brunswick, and they're expecting an addition to their brood any day now.
At their children's request, they plan to name the boy “Justin Trudeau Al Shaikh.”
Radia Al Shaikh said she hopes Trudeau will give them his blessing to welcome the baby into the family's new home with a fittingly Canadian name.
Matthew Niblett phoned Smyth's office in Bristol repeatedly one night in runup to election because of her campaign leaflets
A man has been jailed after threatening to kill a Labour candidate during the general election campaign. Matthew Niblett phoned Karin Smyth's office in Bristol seven times in one hour because he had taken exception to her campaign leaflets.
He left messages in the early hours of 3 June claiming he would kill Smyth, who was re-elected on 8 June, and saying that he hoped that she would get stabbed in the street or caught in a bomb blast. Niblett was jailed for 14 weeks after pleading guilty to one count of harassment without violence.
Judge Lynne Matthews said: “As a nation, we enjoy informed debate. We can protest, we can march in the street. But what we're not free to do is the harassment of our politicians. That's where we draw the line.”
The judge also made reference to the murder of the Labour MP Jo Cox in June last year. “We only have to consider what happened to Jo Cox to understand how your actions would have caused distress to Ms Smyth and those who work in her office,” Matthews said. “You have shown no regard for the anxiety you cause to others.”
The judge was told that Niblett, from Hartcliffe, south Bristol, had a longstanding issue with Smyth because he felt she had not properly investigated a case involving him. His lawyer, Jane Taylor, dismissed his calls to Smyth's office as the “drunk ramblings” of a man with mental health and anger management issues.
Taylor said it was clear her client had absolutely no intention of harming any member of the Labour party. Niblett interjected: “I've been doing this for years and years and nobody's died, have they?”
In a victim statement, Smyth, who doubled her Bristol South majority at the election, said she felt sad for Niblett and had been worried for the safety of her staff.
Niblett was also given a seven-year restraining order preventing him from going near or contacting Smyth or the offices of the Bristol South Labour party in Bedminster.
First off i started this site truthfully hoping to make some spare cash and to spread my brand while doing so. Those of you who don't know me i have a wide verity of skills that have been been putting to use. Community support, mediation of deals as well as now being project manager for some up and coming projects for both the Golos and Steem block chains.
I'm trying to help with the best of my ability to get projects running and working. Also I have been bug testing Golos and have submitted a pull request for the finalized version of the Golos English translation which was accepted. As well starting the Reddit for Golos and discord channel called Golos Global.
Besides Golos those who don't know i started a 30 day power up challenge on steemit which I'm about to complete since i entered it before i made a public version of it then not long after added a contest to the challenge. I have showcased my design and development skills to the public in a few posts but you should see much more coming from me.
What will i be working on next?
Designs for some up and coming new front end portals for Steem and Golos blockchains.
Earning the respect of the community and try to help find solutions to problems.
Get things done and get them done right in the fastest but responsible way possible.
Working on a pull request for steemit.com to help change the plain feeling.
1000 followers and possibly holding 20,000 sp by the end of summer.
Thanks
I'm truly grateful for those who have helped me over this month that Ive been here. Ive probably asked many questions that might seem very annoying but you have all helped me to understand the blockchain of Steem. As well as explaining the technology explained how the community works. I joined at an odd time for Steemit, there was a test going on the hf 17 got rejected then it went to 18 there was a bug with 18 and it quickly got fixed to 18.1.
What I'm saying is from what i can tell the community is evolving much quicken then people seem to think. Its just seems those who have been here the longest have been thru so many changes it seems like to little. Once again thank you everyone and i hope to stand with you as this community as this technology evolves and flourishes.
Image from 247sports.com
As everyone knows by now, American Heritage QB Torrance Gibson will make his first out-of-state unofficial visit to Oklahoma this weekend. That visit will be followed by visits to other schools like LSU, Auburn, Alabama, Clemson, South Carolina, Tennessee, and Florida.
There is a lot of debate about what kind of quarterback, and even player, Torrance Gibson can be. Some think he is strictly a running QB. Some think he can be a throwing QB. And some even think he might have more upside as a defensive player, or as a wide receiver. In my personal opinion, Torrance can play any position he wants. But his ability to have success as a QB, specifically, depends on what he wants and whether he is willing to make the hard, but prudent decisions to achieve what he wants.
Our friend Chris Trulove, as our regular readers already know, is the former director of pro scouting for the Denver Broncos. He spent about ten years with the Broncos organization. We wanted to get Chris' take on Gibson because it's my belief that Torrance, like many great athletes, wants to be a high draft pick. So who better to take a look at Gibson's film than a former NFL scout? It's also my belief, based on conversations with Torrance and people around him, that he also wants to be a great throwing quarterback.
First, we asked Chris to just watch Torrance's film and give us his take. Keep in mind, Chris doesn't follow HS recruiting. He doesn't care if you're a “5 star” or a “2 star.” He's not swayed by hype, because he doesn't know whether or not it exists. He just calls it like he sees it, and he is a tough critic at times. But in our experience, if he says you can play…you can play! This is what he had to say:
“Freakish speed for a quarterback. Excellent scrambler and play-maker outside the pocket.”
Already, you can see that Chris is immediately drawn to what everyone sees with Gibson. Which is his all-world speed in the open field. Chris goes on:
“Good arm in the pocket, but he will need to continue to develop his patience and stay in the pocket at the next level.”
Then Chris commented on Gibson's current ability as a passer vs. his upside.
“He's certainly a dual-threat guy, but at his current stage of development, when compared to other throwing QBs, he is an average passer. However, he has the talent to become a very good passing QB. With continued development as an in-the-pocket passer he is a power conference level quarterback and again, possesses rare running ability.”
The above notes from Chris might sound like a criticism of Gibson, but really it is very high praise. There are people out there that simply don't believe Gibson is a next level QB. But what Chris is saying is that the tools are there. This coincides with what other people we trust believe about Torrance.
The reality is that Torrance's running ability is so far beyond any QB you'll come across that he hasn't been forced to develop his passing game the way a non-running QB would have. However, that is why the scheme and the coaches Torrance chooses could play a significant role in how his story plays out.
I wanted to confirm what Chris believed about Gibson's raw ability as a passer so I asked him; if Gibson couldn't run, could he become a legitimate pocket passer? Chris responded by saying:
“Yes, the raw tools are there.”
Then I asked how high his ceiling is strictly as a pocket passer. Chris responded with:
“It is difficult to say whether he can be elite or not yet. The current film doesn't reveal elite. And elite depends on focus and accuracy. However the potential to be very good is there. You can see that level of potential on film. It's too early to discount his ability to be elite, but with the information available to me currently, I cannot say that.”
Basically what I got from Chris in our conversation was that based strictly on the film available to him, he's not ready to say that Gibson's potential as a pocket passer is elite. However, keep in mind that these questions were based on a hypothetical scenario where Gibson was simply an average runner. So for Chris to say that the film shows the potential for Gibson to be at least a good pocket passer at the next level is significant in my opinion. Because the reality is the college football world hasn't really seen many “good” pocket passers with Gibson's speed. It would be quite a stretch, in my estimation, to say, for example, that Vince Young was a “good” pocket passer.
The next question I asked was very speculative and probably a really difficult question for even a former NFL scout to answer. I asked if Torrance appeared to have the tools to become a 1st round QB.
“It is possible. Like most he will need physical development in terms of bulk, as well as passing development. He does not have to read defenses much in his current offense, so only time will tell whether he has the capacity and the work ethic to do so. In my experience not many players develop the mental savvy to be 1st rounders, so in that sense it's very hard predict.”
Lastly, I wanted to know what scheme Chris felt would be best for Torrance in order to improve his chances of being a high draft pick as a QB.
“If we are talking strictly about down-the-road NFL goals, then he needs time in a pass first, spread offense. But one in which the coaches give him the green light to run. If he is in a run first, spread scheme he will win a lot of college games, but will still need more work to reach those lofty NFL goals.”
What Chris said is similar to how I've felt and it seems straight forward enough. You're already an elite runner, but you want to become a good, if not elite passer. The only way to do that is to be trained and play in a passing offense. Chris does point out that within that spread scheme, Gibson should have the freedom to tuck it and run. Even in the NFL, the threat of his legs would be vital and is a tremendous selling point to teams. But if a team is a run first spread, it means they practice the run first.
Recruiting and Scheme
Here is a list of the schools Torrance plans on visiting: Oklahoma, LSU, Alabama, Auburn, Clemson and Florida.
Oklahoma – We've already pointed out at that it's hard to deny what Oklahoma could do with Gibson. And not just from a schematic standpoint, but also based on the tradition of what OU and Josh Heupel have developed quarterbacks. Bob Stoops and Heupel (I believe Heup was a GA when White won his Heisman) have produced two Heisman Trophies winning QBs — who could not run — and a No. 1 overall NFL draft pick. That doesn't even include the yards Landry Jones racked up as a passer.
Additionally, Oklahoma shows a nice balance of allowing their QBs to take off (see Trevor Knight), but they always insist on protecting their QBs by not running them an excessive amount. And the simple reality, even in this new offensive scheme, is their highest priority is still to develop a passing QB. Obviously this is an Oklahoma website, but homer or not it's hard to deny the record and consistency OU brings to the table here.
I'm certainly not as well versed on the background of the other schools, but I'll make some brief comments.
LSU – Cam Cameron hasn't been at LSU long, and before he got there Les Miles' history of developing top-notch passers wasn't exactly the best. But Cameron did a stellar job with Zach Mettenberger. He always seemed to have a strong arm, but his ability to move around in the pocket to buy time, read coverages, and throw accurately really took a step forward under Cameron's tutelage. Additionally, while LSU always seemed to be more a ground-and-pound offense, in the games I watched they appeared to be much more willing to throw the ball around the field. In fact they had two 1000-yard receivers this past season.
Alabama – Alabama is a pro-style offense that limits their time in 10 personnel. I think they did a fantastic job of developing AJ McCarron, however what a lot of people don't realize is McCarron was a pretty good runner as well. He's no Torrance Gibson mind you, but he can still move. And I think what stood out to me in the Sugar Bowl was how unwilling he was to pick up yards with his feet when Oklahoma pinned their ears back. It almost feels like the reigns might be a little too tight at Alabama and, as such, all the QBs coming from there get labeled “game manager.” However, no one can deny the power of appeal Nick Saban and Bama can offer right now. So simply on prestige and/or reputation alone the Crimson Tide have to be considered a threat.
Auburn – This one is tough because on the one hand Auburn is more of a run first spread offense. And that is exactly the kind of offense that Chris Trulove seemed to be saying that Gibson needs to avoid. In fact, Auburn only attempted 285 passes. However, Malzahn is an offensive genius and a darn good coach. The job he did last year with Auburn was nothing short of miraculous. Additionally, from all accounts we've heard he's a great coach to play for as well. And like Stoops, Malzahn has some evidence to back his claims because he's also got a No. 1 overall QB pick in Cam Newton with some similar traits as Torrance. However, Newton was a bigger bodied player than Gibson and you have to wonder what kind of toll that amount of running would take on Gibson's frame over the long haul.
Clemson – I think the scheme and the freedom that Clemson gave Tajh Boyd was exactly what Gibson needs. Plenty of receivers out there to throw to, but they also gave him the freedom to tuck it and run. Still though you could see Tajh's development as a pocket passer throughout his years there. Coach Swinney doesn't have that 1st round QB or Heisman Trophy winner to hang his hat on, but he's definitely done some good things in the time he's been at Clemson.
Florida – Unfortunately, with all the injuries Florida sustained this year it was difficult to really assess what kind of development Jeff Driskel had. Schematically, Florida was a power running team two years ago. Which was in part due to their offensive coordinator's pedigree/tendencies and in part due to the lack of a real throwing QB. However, with a new offensive coordinator in Gainesville the Gators are apparently going to be more of a spread offense. So both that and proximity could eventually prove to be positives in Gibson's recruitment.
ADDITION: This morning Torrance posted on Twitter that he will also be visiting Tennessee. Just a few quick comments on their head coach, Butch Jones. Obviously, Jones is new to Tennessee and there are always risks playing for a new coach – you never know how it's going to play out. That said, Jones had some running QBs in his last couple years at Cincinnati in Munchie Legaux and Zach Collaros. And despite being good runners, Jones wasn't timid about letting them throw the ball. Granted, he didn't have the ball around the yard like a Clemson or an Oklahoma, but they threw it a decent amount.
FINAL NOTES:
– O-line development. If you don't have guys that can protect you, it's hard to develop into a pocket passer.
– Running game. While Gibson might want to avoid playing in a run first offense, having a good running game is still necessary to help a quarterback's performance and development.
– If it weren't for the fact that Texas A&M will likely end up with Kyler Murray, they would be a school that I'd take a serious look at if I were in Gibson's position. Another school I'd be considering is Baylor. Baylor runs a lot of zone-read principles, but they will throw off play-action more often than not and do a darn good job of it. Additionally, Briles has his own dual-threat Heisman winning QB and high NFL draft pick to back up his claims.
Colleges are for learning on a wide variety of subject matters and you can now include heavy metal among them as Bowling Green State University will host the first 'Heavy Metal and Popular Culture International Conference' next month. The event, which runs April 4-7, was founded by BGSU's Jeremy Wallach, Esther Clinton and Brian Hickam -- all metal fans who got the idea while attending similar heavy metal educational conferences in Europe.
Wallach, a popular culture professor at the university, told the Toledo Free Press , "It was clear the whole metal studies thing was taking off and we had this idea that we would do a conference on heavy metal here in Bowling Green, which made a sense for a lot of reasons. Toledo's always been a metal town and Ohio's a metal state, especially in the northern part of the state. Toledo is part of the Rust Belt and industrial wastelands have always been a part of the heavy metal mythos from the beginning."
Hickam added that the focus of the event is on heavy metal, music and culture and "it's completely scholarly." The conference is free to attend and registration is encouraged, though not required.
The conference will feature keynote speeches from Laina Dawes, author of 'What Are You Doing Here?: A Black Woman's Life and Liberation in Heavy Metal,' Keith Kahn-Harris, author of 'Extreme Metal: Music and Culture on the Edge,' and Robert Walser, author of 'Running With the Devil: Power, Gender and Madness in Heavy Metal Music.' Plus there will be many panel and roundtable discussions.
Some of the topics addressed in sessions during the conference include metal's transgression of genres, racial politics and gender issues in metal, the cultural identities associated with metal, the origins and meanings of the genre and metal's place in comics and sci-fi.
For a complete schedule and to register for this year's event, check out the 'Heavy Metal and Popular Culture International Conference' website here .
Did Shakespeare smoke weed? University of the Witwatersrand anthropologist Francis Thackeray thinks he did. He'd like a chance to prove that, and also learn more about the Bard's life and death, by digging up his body. (Maybe they'll also determine if Shakespeare was Shakespeare, but that's another story.) In 2001, Thackeray and his colleagues unearthed pipes in Shakespeare's garden that tested positive for marijuana, cocaine, and other substances. From RAW Story:
"We have incredible techniques," Thackeray told Fox News. "We don't intend to move the remains at all..."
"The pipes we tested still had dirt in them which preserved the residues inside the stem and bowl," Van der Merwe said. "The readings we got were the same as if it had tested a modern-day crack pipe."
Camphor, myristic acid, and quinoline were among other substances detected in the pipes.
"Myristic acid, which is found in nutmeg, has hallucinogenic properties, and camphor, perhaps, was used to hide the smell of tobacco or other substances," Thackeray noted in 2001.
Hardened police officers have been shocked by the horrifying torture, mutilation and brutal slaying of a seven month old fox terrier puppy near Mackay at the weekend.
If found guilty, they could face up to two years in prison. Police have obtained video footage from a mobile phone which shows graphic images of the puppy yelping and howling in terrible pain as it hacked to pieces with garden shears and a pocked knife.
They said the owners were too distressed to talk to anyone about it.
The pups nose was cut off, its front right leg and rear left leg were cut off and it was decapitated. A three-part video series on a mobile phone shows the dog being tortured.
The maximum penalty under the Animal Care and Protection Act for such an offence is $75,000 or two years in jail; however the maximum penalty ever handed out has been a four month jail term.
WE BELIEVE THESE MEN SHOULD RECIEVE THE MAXIMUN PENALTY AVAILABLE IN AUSTRALIA FOR THIS SADISTIC, DISGUSTING ACT.
A woman in Brooklyn made history Thursday, becoming the first female Hasidic judge in US history after voters elected her to the bench in September.And despite all the people who said she couldn't do it and all the unforeseen challenges along the way, Rachel Freier said it's her faith that has allowed her to persevere."For many years, I thought that it was mutually exclusive being devoutly Hasidic and being a professional," she said. "And I was determined to find a way to blend both."Still, the civil court judge says her work is just beginning."I have this drive in me, that whatever there is out there, if there's a higher level, I want to achieve it," she said.What began as a passion for helping others at a very young age has now evolved into pledge to uphold the law."For me, it's my faith that gave me balance," she said. "I didn't have to struggle with my faith. My faith is what gave me the tools that I need to get through all the challenges."A graduated of Brooklyn Law School and native of Borough Park, the activist has privately practiced law for more than a decade."I never thought it would really happen," she said. "There were just so many hurdles and so many challenges, but that didn't stop me from trying."The mother of six credits her family's unwavering support over the years, as she set her eyes on one goal after another."I had a tremendous amount of support from my family," she said. "My husband was amazing. He was my biggest campaigner. He went around with those petition forms in his pocket every day."While her term won't officially begin until after the New Year, Freier says she's anxious to tackle problems affecting women and children. And she hopes her journey might inspire other Hasidic women to dream big."There are more women out there that are capable of doing many things," she said. "And I want to be a trailblazer for them, and show them that not only can we achieve it, we can do it without comprising our standards."Freier's term will extend through 2027.
There's quite a row developing after a scathing article in the Australian, some news clips follow. h/t to Dr. Benny Peiser at The GWPF
The [Australian] Bureau of Meteorology has been accused of manipulating historic temperature records to fit a predetermined view of global warming. Researcher Jennifer Marohasy claims the adjusted records resemble “propaganda” rather than science. Dr Marohasy has analysed the raw data from dozens of locations across Australia and matched it against the new data used by BOM showing that temperatures were progressively warming. In many cases, Dr Marohasy said, temperature trends had changed from slight cooling to dramatic warming over 100 years. –Graham Lloyd, The Australian, 23 August 2014
The escalating row goes to heart of the climate change debate — in particular, whether computer models are better than real data and whether temperature records are being manipulated in a bid to make each year hotter than the last. Marohasy's research has put her in dispute with BoM over a paper she published with John Abbot at Central Queensland University in the journal Atmospheric Research concerning the best data to use for rainfall forecasting. BoM challenged the findings of the Marohasy-Abbot paper, but the international journal rejected the BoM rebuttal, which had been prepared by some of the bureau's top scientists. This has led to an escalating dispute over the way in which ­Australia's historical temperature records are “improved” through homogenisation, which is proving more difficult to resolve. –Graham Lloyd, The Australian, 23 August 2014
When I first sent Graham Lloyd some examples of the remodeling of the temperature series I think he may have been somewhat skeptical. I know he on-forwarded this information to the Bureau for comment, including three charts showing the homogenization of the minimum temperature series for Amberley. Mr Lloyd is the Environment Editor for The Australian newspaper and he may have been concerned I got the numbers wrong. He sought comment and clarification from the Bureau. I understand that by way of response to Mr Lloyd, the Bureau has not disputed these calculations. What the Bureau has done, however, is tried and justify the changes. In particular, for Amberley the Bureau is claiming to Mr Lloyd that there is very little available documentation for Amberley before 1990 and that information before this time may be “classified”: as in top secret. —Jennifer Marohasy, 23 August 2014
Congratulations to The Australian again for taking the hard road and reporting controversial, hot, documented problems, that few in the Australian media dare to investigate.
How accurate are our national climate datasets when some adjustments turn entire long stable records from cooling trends to warming ones (or visa versa)? Do the headlines of “hottest ever record” (reported to a tenth of a degree) mean much if thermometer data sometimes needs to be dramatically changed 60 years after being recorded?
One of the most extreme examples is a thermometer station in Amberley, Queensland where a cooling trend in minima of 1C per century has been homogenized and become a warming trend of 2.5C per century. This is a station at an airforce base that has no recorded move since 1941, nor had a change in instrumentation. It is a well-maintained site near a perimeter fence, yet the homogenisation process produces a remarkable transformation of the original records, and rather begs the question of how accurately we know Australian trends at all when the thermometers are seemingly so bad at recording the real temperature of an area. Ken Stewart was the first to notice this anomaly and many others when he compared the raw data to the new, adjusted ACORN data set. Jennifer Marohasy picked it up, and investigated it and 30 or so other stations. In Rutherglen in Victoria, a cooling trend of -0.35C became a warming trend of +1.73C. She raised her concerns (repeatedly) with Minister Greg Hunt.
Now the Australian Bureau of Meteorology has been forced to try to explain the large adjustments. Australians may finally gain a better understanding of what “record” temperatures mean, and the certainty ascribed to national trends. There is both a feature and a news piece today in The Weekend Australian. – Jo Nova The heat is on. Bureau of Meteorology ‘altering climate figures' — The Australian
Advertisements
Share this: Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
SHELBOURNE
It's been five years since Shels hosted their old Ringsend rivals Shamrock Rovers at Tolka Park in the league. Shels' home form has been rather indifferent this season; playing six, and only winning two of those. If the Reds are to think about seriously challenging for a European spot this term, a massive change in home form will be required. Of course, they would tell you themselves, there couldn't be a better team to start against.
Shels went into the break off the back of an impressive 1-0 away win at Derry City, thanks to a 71st minute Philly Hughes strike. Despite only being nine points away from the foot of the table, Shels lie only two points behind the Hoops, who currently occupy a Europa League spot.
Shels last home game in the league was also against Dublin opposition when they entertained fierce rivals Bohemians. The Gypsies left Drumcondra with all three points, and the Reds will be looking to avenge that loss by claiming victory over the Hoops on Thursday evening.
Glen Cronin will miss this game because of suspension. Philly Gorman will face a late fitness test, while Lorcan Fitzgerald and Stephen Hurley have recovered sufficiently to put themselves in the reckoning for a place in the squad.
Speaking ahead of the crucial clash with Rovers, Alan Matthews said: “Shamrock Rovers are the reigning Champions and I believe they are the team most likely to win the League again this season. They have the strongest squad in the League with quality and competition for every position on the pitch. We go into the game with confidence and a positive attitude. We know a good performance will be required to achieve the three points on offer, but I firmly believe that we have the players to take on any side this season.”
SHAMROCK ROVERS
Most people expected Rovers to be top of the pile when the break for the European Championships arrived. The Hoops had apparently gone from strength to strength, and despite losing manager Michael O'Neill at the beginning of the year, Stephen Kenny has done well to bring in some top class signings. Even still, Rovers can't seem to find that consistency they have been so used to in the last few years. The players and manager alike will know they have to step up their game in the second half of this season if they want that coveted third league title in a row.
Rovers have only won once in their last six games; form that has allowed Sligo Rovers to slowly edge their way in front of the chasing pack. A six nil win to Dundalk triggered a massive dip in form for the champions as they dropped points to Bray, Derry, Sligo, UCD and most recently, Cork City.
Away games have proven quite the task for Stephen Kenny's men this season as they have only managed one win in five thus far.
Killian Brennan and Stephen Rice will both miss the tie through suspension while Sean Gannon and Ciaran Kilduff won't be match fit by Thursday evening. Apart from that, Rovers will have a full squad to choose from.
Stephen Kenny knows how tough of a task this will be for Rovers, and he is taking nothing for granted. “The squad has worked very hard during the break. Now they need to apply themselves in Thursday night's game and show just how hard they've worked. We are expecting a tough game against Shelbourne and the team will need to perform well if they are to get a result. But they know that and are keen do well in the game and get the win."
Referee: Tom Connolly
MATCH STATS:
The last time the sides met in a league meeting, Shels were the victors thanks to goals from Jason Byrne and Joseph Ndo.
Shelbourne have the worst goalscoring record in the top half of the league, while Rovers have the best.
When these sides met earlier in the season, Rovers thumped the Reds by four goals to nil.
BETTING:
Shelbourne 3/1; Draw 9/4; Shamrock Rovers 10/11.
PREDICTION:
Shelbourne 2-2 Shamrock Rovers.
Shelbourne Injury News: Philly Gorman.
Shelbourne Suspension News: Glen Cronin.
Shamrock Rovers Injury News: Sean Gannon, Ciaran Kilduff.
Shamrock Rovers Suspension News: Killian Brennan, Stephen Rice.
Photos by @BCFilmFan.
Director Brad Bird (Mission Impossible: Ghost Protocol) returns to Vancouver in much better weather to film his next big feature film Tomorrowland, starring George Clooney, Hugh Laurie, Britt Robertson and Raffey Cassidy. Co-written by Brad Bird, Jeff Jensen and Damon Lindelof (Lost & Star Trek reboot), this sci-fi film has been shrouded in secrecy.
But a leaked synopsis seems more credible now after seeing the New York World's Fair set that crew have built on the Main Mall at the University of British Columbia (UBC). According to ScreenRant, when Frank Walker is a boy he learns about Tomorrowland at the 1964 New York World's Fair. There he meets David Nix who shows off his successful work and tells the youngster to come back when he is older and his inventions work. A young girl Athena (actually a robot) is the one who sneaks young Frank into Tomorrowland where Nix is the Mayor who decides to throw him out. What happened to Tomorrowland? Does it still exist in an alternate dimension? Young Casey Newton (Britt Robertson), now middle-aged inventor Frank Walker (George Clooney) and still young robot Athena (Raffey Cassidy) team up to save it from Mayor Nix (Hugh Laurie), who values technical accomplishment over creativity.
So Tomorrowland starts here at the World's Fair. Crew will put up a giant bluecreen at one end for the visual effect of the Fair's iconic Unisphere, a 12-storey-high Earth made of stainless steel looming above the grounds
New York World's Fair set on the Main Mall at the University of British Columbia photographed by @BCFilmFan.
Follow @BCFilmFan on Twitter.
It's great to see students who are part of the majority defend the rights of the minority – especially those who show healthy skepticism toward idols.
By doing so, Columbia University student Cameron Fegers has put a big fat target on his back.
He isn't siding with Paul Nungesser, the exchange student accused of raping a fellow student, Emma Sulkowicz, who turned the encounter into a performance art project wherein she carries her mattress around campus and then complains about the media bugging her.
But Fegers writes in the Columbia Spectator that he's tired of the “brazen political climate on campus” in which Sulkowicz supporters feel free to harass and shame those who don't “believe Emma” or just don't care, “giving a far-reaching platform to one person”:
These days, students are asked who they believe in the “Emma story” in exactly the same way as friends asking each other if they have seen an iconic movie like The Godfather. If you've seen and enjoyed it, you'll scream in euphoria about its awesomeness, but if you haven't, you blankly stare back, wondering why seeing such a movie is a prerequisite for gaining additional “cool points.”
Fegers is no right-wing ideologue – he's a former executive board member of the College Democrats and currently sits on the Student Health Advisory Committee. He blogs at the Huffington Post and his LinkedIn profile pic shows him with the (embattled) head of the Democratic National Committee, for heaven's sake.
Yet he sounds like the winning team at George Washington University's campus debate this week on whether “liberals are stifling intellectual diversity on campus”:
Students may not know what they believe, because, once removed from the classroom, they aren't given the space to believe anything outside the norm and can be disenfranchised by their peers from forming any opinion at all. The extent to which we actively drown out dissenting voices on this issue symbolizes a judgment call from the masses—that the opinions of those who don't believe Emma are inferior and unworthy of consideration. Students are afraid to disagree with what is considered by the “perceived” majority to be a noble and just cause for fear that campus peers will categorize them as pro-rape. Students are afraid to stand up and ask, “why?” We will never know if the number of students with a different perspective outweighs the opinion of the “perceived” majority because enough student activists within the “perceived” majority have made it inappropriate and undesirable to criticize the merits of sexual violence activism.
Fegers is worried that Sulkowicz and Nungesser will continue trading public barbs “until the Cubs win another World Series,” marginalizing the bigger movement to stop sexual violence on campus:
[Sulkowicz] has become a larger-than-life international and campus figure. Some may say she is a hero, others a propagandist. I believe she has an important message that everyone should hear. But I am also very doubtful that time spent debating the truth of her story and allowing Paul a platform is constructive. In spite of their unintentionality, the media continues to polarize our campus to extreme perspectives based on a figurehead's individual experience instead of on the merits and flaws of an internal campus movement. We need to focus our discussions and energy on fostering a community dedicated to combating sexual violence. Encourage others and their ideas, however unpopular, that they may join the discussion to end sexual violence.
Well said, Cameron. Enjoy the “rape denialist” label.
h/t Daily Pennsylvanian
Greg Piper is an assistant editor at The College Fix. (@GregPiper)
Like The College Fix on Facebook / Follow us on Twitter
IMAGE: YouTube screenshot, Cameron Fegers/LinkedIn
Read More
Like The College Fix on Facebook / Follow us on Twitter
While people have been giving thanks on Thanksgiving for a long time, the scientific study of gratitude is a more recent phenomenon. Gratitude has been touted as a tonic for whatever ails you, and indeed, some research has found that expressing gratitude can improve well-being . Of course, research is a tricky thing. A few other studies have shown more limited benefits. Still, it seems that counting your blessings can't hurt, right?
With that mind-set, I began to keep a gratitude journal in October for the month leading up to Thanksgiving. I wanted to see what effect the practice would have on my life. I did find the practice helpful–but not for the reasons usually mentioned.
Gratitude can be practiced many ways, and I wanted to be smart about it. There's some evidence that shorter lists of blessings are more helpful than longer lists, so I committed to writing down three things each day that I was thankful for. I also chose to focus on specific and different things each day. I am always thankful for my family, but writing that down day after day would likely feel rote.
So instead, my list had things like this:
1. Getting three free seats next to me on an overnight flight to London, so I could lie down flat and sleep.
2. After one of my speeches, overhearing some audience members in the ladies' room saying how much they enjoyed it.
3. An unexpected text from a friend I hadn't seen in a while asking me to run with her. I was free, so we met, and it was a great run!
Organic waste plants mandatory in eateries: Venkaiah Naidu
India
oi-PTI
By PTI
New Delhi, Jan 3: Union Urban Development Minister M Venkaiah Naidu today pitched for making it mandatory for eateries and hotels to have organic waste plant and said he will write to Tourism ministry in this regard.
"I will write to Ministry of Tourism to make it mandatory in all five and four-star hotels and eatery establishments to have organic waste plant," Naidu said while inaugurating a plant in Malcha Marg market here.
The plant, which can process one tonne waste in 24 hours, will convert the organic waste of hotels and eateries in this area into compost for horticulture and agriculture use.
Calling the project undertaken by New Delhi Municipal Corporation (NDMC) a step in the direction of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Swachh Bharat Abhiyan, Naidu said the plant will be helpful in saving the cost of collection, transportation and disposal of waste. "It will also reduce the landfill space and water, noise and air pollution," he said.
NDMC Chairman Jalaj Srivastava said the introduction of this system to convert organic waste to compost will replace the old manual garbage disposal system.
The plant will be able to convert organic waste into compost within 24 hours using the composting machine, he said.
Two similar plants have been installed at Palika Services Officers Institute, Vinay Marg and at Malcha Marg Market.
Earlier, Naidu also inaugurated a public toilet unit (PTU) at Hanuman Lane which has been constructed by NDMC under public-private-partnership project.
PTI
Yay! Lyra is definitely sat her way into my heart these past few weeks. Her crazy antics for pants, hands, and any human thing is funny. But what makes me really like her is the random things she does in the show. When she's sitting like a people on a bench, when she's jumping up and down in Cloudsdale, when she gets overly dramatic when a parasprite eats her food, and when she's just bursting with happiness in the season two poster (not really in the show but still canon).It was weird since, personally, I'm kind of sporadic and random but for a while Pinkie Pie kinda rubbed me the wrong way. Which I thought was odd since she's also sporadic and random so you'd think I would relate with her, but the first couple of months of watching the show she would just annoy me. I think the reason is because she's super extroverted and seems like she wants attention all the time, where I'm more introverted. So I guess she was just hitting me in the face with her random.However Lyra's randomness is more subtle, she doesn't do it for attention, she's just her own person (I know you can argue for the same for pinkie pie but these are my opinions). When ever I'm out in public I'll do weird little things that I think it would be weird if just one guy saw me and was like "Wha...?" Such as making overly expressive faces and doing weird little things, and Lyra essentially does the same thing. So we're, like, connecting, dude.And once again this proves that bronies overanalyze cartoons way to much.Reference: [link] Media: Oil on canvas (Psych! It's still graphite on paper)Extra: [link]
LAS VEGAS — Amazon Web Services on Wednesday rolled out EC2 Container Service, which can manage containers at any scale.
AWS CTO Werner Vogels outlined the new service at re:Invent 2014. The idea is that containers can be used across multiple availability zones and scheduled. Enterprise interest in containers is picking up.
The service, free aside from what you'd pay for an EC2 instance, will:
Be native to AWS customers;
Easier;
Integrated with Docker Hub;
And provide cluster management.
Container technology has been the rage among developers. The reason is simple: The containers ensure that development is consistent and easy to deploy. Companies like Docker have become popular because they solve a real developer need. In addition, Docker technology, an open source project, has been pitched as a better way to manage distributed applications. That reason is why Docker is sometimes viewed as a VMware killer.
AWS: The cloud is the new normal | AWS tackles relational database s| Amazon vs Oracle: a database war | Can everything run on AWS? | The year cloud killed the datacenter
That perception may be off by a bit, but it's clear that Docker technology has support as AWS, Microsoft, Google and a bevy of others is all supporting it.
AWS' Container Service speaks to its developer base and fends off Google, which is eyeing the technology as a way to leapfrog. AWS did a demonstration of the EC2 Container Service, which unless you're a developer probably didn't resonate so much. Nevertheless, the EC2 Container Service was well received.
Docker CEO Ben Golub also touted integration with AWS. The Docker appearance is worth noting just because Google, Microsoft, VMware and a host of others has supported Docker, an open source container technology that enables developers to quickly deploy apps. Cloud providers support Docker because they don't want their developers left out.
"Docker technology is a huge ecosystem," said Golub. Golub positioned Docker technology as a content creation enabling tool. After all, developers are content creators. Golub argued that apps have changed and are now iterative. Developers shouldn't be required to do infrastructure grunt work just to get rolling.
See also:
'It's unacceptable to silently watch North Korea's nuclear military adventures, but it is also unacceptable to unleash war on the Korean Peninsula,' says Russian minister: REUTERS/Stephanie Keith
Russia's foreign minister has compared Donald Trump and Kim Jong-un to nursery children, after the two leaders traded insults and threats.
North Korean leader called Mr Trump a "dotard" and a "frightened dog" over the threats of annihilation the US President made during a speech at the United Nations General Assembly.
Mr Trump responded the next morning by calling Mr Kim a "madman" and threatening to test him "like never before".
Moscow's Sergei Lavrov described the leaders as "hotheads" who needed to "calm down".
"Yes, it's unacceptable to silently watch North Korea's nuclear military adventures, but it is also unacceptable to unleash war on the Korean Peninsula," he said.
Calling for a political solution to the dispute, he said: "Together with China we'll continue to strive for a reasonable approach and not an emotional one like when children in a kindergarten start fighting and no-one can stop them."
Mr Lavrov told a news conference there were many people “who would like to try not to pursue” military action and sanctions, but rather try peaceful solution.
He added that discussion between the nations could be meditated by a "neutral" European country.
He said he had no new initiatives to bring the two sides together, saying he believed “the potential” for the Russian-Chinese freeze-for-freeze proposal “is not yet exhausted".
Such an agreement would halt North Korean nuclear and missile tests in exchange for the US and South Korea stopping their joint military exercises. Mr Trump's administration has rejected it.
Tensions have racheted up between America and North Korea after the isolated state carried out a series of missile tests, two of which flew over US-ally Japan.
Mr Trump used a speech at the UN to say that the US would "totally destroy" the communist nation if it was forced to defend itself or one of its allies.
Mr Kim responded with an unprecedented personal statement where he said Mr Trump would "pay dearly for his speech". Experts have said the speech carried added weight because it was unusually addressed to an international audience.
Mr Kim said Mr Trump had insulted his country and he threatened to "surely and definitely tame the mentally deranged US dotard with fire".
When sectarian conflict wrought division in Boda, women in the southern Central African town formed a united front to appeal for calm. Three years on, Muslims and Christians live in greater harmony
Derelict homes, swallowed up by grass and trees, stand empty along the road near to the centre of Boda. There are vacant patches where buildings once stood. When deadly conflict spread to the town in the Central African Republic's southern Lobaye prefecture in 2014, homes were burned and residents fled. The road became known as the “red zone”, a line that separated Muslims and Christians. Thousands were trapped without access to food or medicine. Those who crossed into a rival area risked their lives: murders, decapitations, rapes and looting were carried out with impunity.
But as the fighting spread, Boda's women refused to obey the town's battle lines.
“Women are not fighters, women just want peace, women are the ones who face the crisis,” says Eiwa Djabou, a Muslim, who gathered women of both religions to convince the militias to put down their arms. Together, they entered areas beset by conflict.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The road in Boda that separated Christian and Muslims when fighting broke out in 2014. Crossing it during that time often had fatal consequences. Photograph: Andy Hall for the Observer
The women were insulted, threatened and attacked, says Zanetta Zoumara, a Christian woman who accompanied Djabou. “We would ask [those fighting], ‘What do you see around you? Do you see good things in this crisis? What makes you so angry?'
“Some people would say, ‘Leave us alone we don't want to hear what you have to say.' Some people said ‘We're going to kill you, we're going to cut you'”.
Zoumara was left with lacerations on her back after she was pelted with rocks while accompanying Muslim women into a Christian area. “I just wanted to protect my Muslim sisters,” she says.
The women were even threatened by a local chief, says Alzina Darasa, a Muslim woman who helped Djabou. “[He] said, ‘You, Muslim woman, you are in our area now, we are free to throw a grenade on you and kill you.' We told him, ‘You know you're a chief, you are like the father of the area, and even you will hurt us today?'”
Conflict broke out in the Central African Republic in late 2012, when rebels – mostly Muslims, and many from Chad and Sudan – began seizing control of towns. Known as the Seleka, they eventually overthrew the president, Francois Bozizé. Predominantly Christian fighters, known as the anti-balaka, retaliated. Thousands have died in the fighting since and the UN has warned that the humanitarian situation is deteriorating, with attacks against communities on the rise. More than 1.1 million people have been displaced – the highest number since the conflict began – and two-thirds of the country is now controlled by armed groups, which have multiplied in number.
Boda, 60 miles west of the capital, Bangui, is one of the few areas that has relative stability. In August 2014, almost everyone in the town fled their homes, with 60% clustering in camps and the remainder – more than 10,000 people – fleeing to the bush. Today, Muslims and Christians mix in the market and, although the houses on the red zone remain empty, some residents pass along the road. But convincing former fighters to disarm, and healing divides between two communities that have lived through brutal violence, is a painstaking process.
Muslims and Christians have lived alongside one another in CAR for generations, though not without tensions. Across the country, the legacy of Muslim slave traders, along with a tendency for the minority to be slightly wealthier, means Muslims are often viewed with suspicion. “If you're Muslim, you have this sense that even though you're Central African no one ever takes you seriously as a Central African. You're always called a foreigner and every institution of government is biased against you,” says Louisa Lombard, assistant professor of anthropology at Yale University, who has written extensively about the conflict.
In a visit to the country last week, UN secretary general António Guterres warned of growing religious divides.
The UN's peacekeeping mission, Minusca, which is severely under-resourced, is itself targeted along sectarian lines. “In certain parts of the country in the east – because the majority of [UN] troops are Muslim – people are convinced that Minusca is a plot for a Muslim takeover of the country,” says Sara Sywulka, acting country director for Tearfund.
'People are dying': violence forces aid workers out of Central African Republic Read more
“A lot of people feel very aggrieved, they feel like they are under threat and they feel like they are being dispossessed,” says Lombard.
During the crisis in Boda, fighting escalated as people sought revenge, says Zoumara, citing the case of a man driven to fight by the killing of his own family. She understands the need for justice. When conflict erupted in Boda she was at the market alone, while her five children were on their way to meet their grandmother. Amid the violence and chaos, she became separated from her family for two weeks. When she found them she discovered that her daughter, 11, had been raped – a crime that has been used as a weapon of war across the country, according to research by Human Rights Watch.
“She is solitary now, she doesn't really like to stay with the other kids. Even when you look at her you can see she is a little girl with problems,” says Zoumara, who also lost her house in the conflict. As a rape survivor, her daughter faces mockery and stigma. Zoumara wants the man responsible to be punished, but has no idea who he is. Even if she did, the country's justice system is almost wholly dysfunctional.
Not only is there impunity for those who committed violence, but weapons remain in the hands of former fighters and are widely available. A grenade can be bought for the price of a cola.
Simona, a Christian who lived in a refugee camp with her nine children for two years during the crisis, says she has been threatened by Muslims on the streets. “Some Muslims take drugs and say, ‘We still have fuel and we still have matches too, we are going to burn your house again. We burned your house before and you ran into the bush.'” Some people, she adds, aren't ready to forgive.
Despite such tensions, and despite the removal of UN troops from Boda in June, the town has remained relatively peaceful since the summer of 2014. There are still incidents – two months ago a young man threw a grenade in a Muslim area, threatening to start a new war – but none have escalated.
The town's mayor, Boniface Katta, whose brother was decapitated during the fighting three years ago, has worked closely with Muslim and Christian leaders, urging them to relay a message of peace to their communities. Though fighters haven't relinquished their weapons, attitudes have changed according to Katta. “Our main objective was to make sure people are morally disarmed because, even if you have a weapon, unless you use it, it cannot kill anyone,” he says.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Muslim and Christian communities in Boda play in and watch football matches organised by Tearfund to foster social cohesion. Photograph: Andy Hall for the Observer
There are regular events to improve community relations, including Christian/Muslim football matches, drama workshops, and open church and mosque days. Djabou and other women also farm together through a cooperative project supported by Tearfund and the UK, which from November will match donations to the charity's appeal for CAR.
In some towns, projects aimed at easing community relations are superficial, says Yassir Baradine, vice-president of the prefectorial council of Boda, but in Boda people want peace. “The two communities have seen the consequences of the war,” says Baradine. “Both Muslim communities and non-Muslim communities lost families, we lost our houses … it is like a personal decision that the two communities have decided to stop the conflict and live together in peace.”
“Women lost everything,” adds Djabou. “The ones who used to do small trade now can't get enough money [to start their businesses again]. Some lost husbands and children too.”
Some families still live in the bush because their homes were destroyed.
Darasa is one of the many who lost her livelihood when she was forced to flee her home. “I had nothing, no possessions, I just ran away,” she says. “Even the birth certificates of my children are lost.” Through Boda's women's mutual, Darasa has access to affordable loans, as well as seeds and tools for farming.
When Djabou first called on women to help stop the violence, a group of 50 gathered with her. There are now more than 200,. And while husbands did not initially want their wives to take part, claiming Djabou made their wives stubborn, men now encourage women to join the group.
“We made peace come back to Boda,” says Djabou, “there has been a very big change.”
Many in Boda say they believe that they can prevent another major crisis in the town. “[We] want to be an example for other villages and towns in which the two communities are still fighting,” says Baradine. “[We] want to show the world that before in Boda the two communities used to fight, but now they are together in order to restore peace.”
The incident led to protests by ST bus drivers. The police has registered an ADR and is probing the circumstances related to the death
Mumbai: A state transport bus driver died in Bhiwandi early on Thursday after suffering a heart attack, hours after he had been allegedly assaulted by auto-rickshaw drivers in course of a brawl that erupted over the passing through a street. After getting assaulted by the auto-drivers at around 11.30 pm on Wednesday, the driver, Prabhakar Gaikwad, had visited a police station to register a complaint but collapsed on the spot. He was taken to a hospital for treatment where he passed away.
The incident led to protests by ST bus drivers. The police has registered an Accidental Death Report (ADR) and is probing the circumstances related to the death. Bhiwandi (rural) police's DCP Manoj Patil, when contacted by The Asian Age, said, “When the brawl occurred near the ST bus stand, a police constable posted there had intervened to break that. The constable had asked the deceased to register a complaint with the police.” DCP Patil said, “The post-mortem has revealed he died due to heart attack, as a result of which we have registered an ADR.” DCP Patil said, “Still, if any relative of the deceased comes forward to register a complaint with us then we will take further action.”
Another police source told The Asian Age, “The deceased was a driver with the state transport for the last 10 years. He had just returned from Thane to Bhiwandi depot around 11.30 pm on Wednesday.” The source said, “While driving the bus into Bhiwandi depot, an auto driver came across him because of which Gaikwad applied urgent break after which caused a scratch on the auto. Gaikwad got angry as the auto wasn't driving further.” The source said, “So he asked auto driver to give way or keep the rickshaw aside, but this conversation resulted in a heated argument between the two.
Sources said, “Auto driver dragged Gaikwad out of the bus and started hitting him badly, some other auto drivers too join him to beat the Bus driver. After hearing noises, workers of depot ran towards the gate and called the police. Two constables from Bhiwandi Police station arrived at the spot.” Sources also revealed that friends of Gaikwad alleged that he died due to internal injury and shock when cops didn't register the complaint and tried to settle down the matter.
''We Chinese are very particular about our chicken,'' said Michael Tong, the owner of Shun Lee Palace and Shun Lee Cafe. ''We don't like chickens from factories.''
Last month Richard Lee and his three brothers opened a fully automated slaughterhouse and processing plant in Williamsburg, Brooklyn, making Bo Bo -- named for a beloved, long-departed family dog -- the largest producer of Buddhist-style chicken in the country.
When the Lee family began dealing in chickens nine years ago, they sold fewer than 80 a day from their shop beneath the Williamsburg Bridge. Now they raise chickens on 14 farms in Sullivan and Ulster Counties and deliver 6,000 birds a day to butcher shops from Florida to Boston. Bo Bo's new plant, 35,000 square feet of gleaming stainless steel, is the nation's first processing plant that can handle the production of Chinese-style poultry.
''For the last two years, we couldn't take any new orders,'' said Mr. Lee, who is 48. ''With this new factory we can handle 30,000 a day.''
United Orient Bank, which lent Bo Bo $1 million for its recent expansion, actively pursued the company. ''In the Chinese community, Bo Bo has no competition,'' said the bank's president, Yungman Lee, who is not related to the company's owners. ''We think there is no limit to how far they can go. Maybe they can become a national brand.''
Mr. Tong, the restaurant owner, said that while he bought standard white-meat breasts for his American patrons, he always uses fresh-killed, whole chickens for his Chinese customers. ''Actually, we prefer dark meat, and if possible, we like to buy the bird when it's still running around. If it's been frozen, forget about it.''
Eddy Schoenfeld, a restaurant consultant and an expert on Chinese food, described Buddhist-style chicken as tastier but tougher than birds bought at a supermarket. ''They're so fresh, it takes a day or so until rigor mortis subsides,'' he said. ''The Chinese don't seem to mind the chewiness, but you might want to let them sit in the fridge for 24 hours before starting to cook.''
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Chinese customers prefer their chickens whole, and not just because they eat nearly every part of the bird. ''It's good luck from top to bottom,'' said Eileen Yin-Fei Lo, the author of seven books on Chinese cuisine. ''You can't put pieces of chicken on a shrine for your ancestors. It would be very inauspicious.''
Uncut chicken also plays an important role during the Chinese New Year, when knives are banned from the kitchen as bad luck. Instead, chickens are simply dropped whole in a pot and boiled.
Chicken is an integral part of daily life in China and a mainstay of Chinese cuisine. ''Anyone with a shack can raise a chicken in the back yard,'' said Mary Ann Lum, the owner of Dish of Salt on West 47th Street. ''Cows are used to plow the field and are rarely eaten. And even though Americans associate pork with Chinese food, the truth is most people can't afford a suckling pig for daily meals or even holidays.''
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
When it comes to chickens, Richard Lee can barely contain his passion. ''I think I've fallen in love with them,'' he said, cradling a pullet that had recently come off his assembly line. ''I can look at a bird and tell you the day it was born.''
A former electrical engineer with a penchant for Chinese philosophy, Mr. Lee said that when he was growing up in Hong Kong, his family was too poor to eat chicken regularly. ''We only had it for New Year's, and then I would never get the drumstick because I was the oldest child,'' he said. ''I promised myself that one day I would be able to eat all the drumsticks I wanted. Of course, now I eat chicken every day. I never get sick of it.''
Before Richard lured them into the chicken business, the Lee brothers ran a family-owned garment factory in Manhattan. At Bo Bo, Chuck, 42, is the bookkeeper; David, 46, is the general manager, and Herman, 43, runs the family farms.
After years of research, Richard Lee said, he has figured out how to breed the perfect bird. Unlike the mass-market broiler industry, which produces chickens in six weeks on a diet that includes animal fat, antibiotics and, often, marigold petals (to enhance their yellow hue), Bo Bo's chickens require at least 13 weeks before they are ready for market.
''My birds take longer because they eat only corn and soybeans,'' Richard Lee said, standing beside crates of clucking fowl that were piled to the ceiling. ''I let them run around. I treat them like my children.''
When their number is up, Bo Bo's chickens are trucked to the slaughterhouse before dawn, where specially trained workers inflict inchlong slits to the throat. A deep cut, one that reaches the bone, will ruin a bird's cosmetic appeal.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
After they are killed, the chickens are hung feet first on an overhead rack that snakes through Bo Bo's plant, a former bakery that employs more than two dozen workers. In 25 minutes, the birds have been washed, plucked, eviscerated and chilled to 40 degrees. By 8 A.M. that day, they are in shops throughout Chinatown. By 3 P.M., nearly every bird has been sold.
Whether Bo Bo's chicken -- head, feet and all -- will cross over to other markets is not a sure bet, and Richard L. Lobb, a spokesman for the National Broiler Council, has his doubts. ''We respect what they're doing, but most folks won't stomach buying the whole thing,'' said Mr. Lobb, whose organization represents the nation's major poultry producers. ''We're not in the business of selling chickens. We're selling a food product, a convenience, a lifestyle.''
It was not long ago that most Americans did buy their chickens whole, or ''New York dressed,'' as they are called in the industry. As recently as 1962, 83 percent of the chickens sold in the United States were sold with just the feathers and blood removed. Today, that figure has dropped to 10 percent.
But times and tastes have changed, Mr. Lobb said. ''I'm sure fresh-killed chicken is wonderful,'' he said. ''But I just can't see Martha Stewart hacking off chicken heads, can you?''
In fact, many customers in New York are seeking out chickens even fresher than Bo Bo's -- the city now has 72 live poultry markets, triple the number of five years ago, according to Peter Gregg, a spokesman for the State Department of Agriculture and Markets.
''They might not go over big in Westchester, but in the five boroughs, live poultry markets are growing by leaps and bounds,'' Mr. Gregg said. ''It's just a reflection of the immigrants who are settling in the city, people who are used to buying their chicken a certain way.''
Like the Chinese, immigrants from the Caribbean, South America and the Middle East prefer fresh-killed poultry to that offered by supermarkets. But not everyone has the time to travel to a live market or wait 20 minutes for their chicken to be killed and cleaned. ''I would rather bring it home live and prepare it myself, but we're not in China anymore,'' said Hui Ping Chan, 34, a hairdresser who was buying a chicken from Bo Bo's retail outlet on Broome Street. ''When in America, you have to do like Americans.''
We never know what will become of our ideas when we release them into the world. I learned this in a new way, when one of my tweets about Isis and Islam went viral on “Muslim Twitter”. The volume of response from Muslim men and women around the world (35,000 retweets and counting) isn't what's blowing my mind today, as I watch the tweet take on new lives of its own as it spreads. What's awe-inspiring is what these ordinary people are saying, and what we can all learn from it.
Last Friday night just before I tucked into bed before the holiday weekend, I did something I do dozens of times a day: I tweeted a random thought that popped into my head.
Xeni Jardin (@xeni) Dude ISIS is bombing Muslim people in Muslim communities during the Muslim holy month of Ramadan how is ISIS Muslim no they're psychopaths
The terrorist organization had killed hundreds of Muslim people in Muslim targets in recent attacks, and the now familiar response from cable news hosts and would-be presidents was repeated again: Muslims are dangerous, and “moderate Muslims” need to speak out strongly against Isis. It's their responsibility, because at some level, they're all the same.
On US social media that night, as news broke of each new attack on an Islamic target by the so-called Islamic State, I saw not even a hint of the outcry that followed attacks in Orlando and San Bernardino, London or Paris. No “Pray for Baghdad,” no “Je Suis Saudi Arabia” on western Twitter. No memes of unified global grief. Just more fear, racism and dehumanizing of a label that applies to millions of ordinary people all over the world: “Muslim”. In America, it's our new N-word. America, it seems, feels no empathy for a group of people we can't accept as fully human.
I tweeted my random thought and went to bed. When I woke up, on the Saturday of the three-day Independence Day weekend, the most patriotic and nationalist holiday of them all for my country – there was news of more Isis suicide bombings. And my silly late-night tweet had gone really really viral. It wasn't being retweeted by the thousands per minute here in Los Angeles where delicious Fourth of July barbecue smoke was wafting into my window, not in the US at all. It was going viral in Saudi Arabia. Pakistan. Bangladesh. Turkey. Iraq. Some of the same places where, as our holiday weekend here in America unfolded, Isis attacks were also unfolding. Muslims were dying. And fellow Muslims were pouring their grief into Twitter.
When the suicide bombing hit Medina, Islam's second most sacred site, my silly tweet was shared at a new velocity. Fifteen thousand retweets turned into 25,000, to 35,0000, and with that came a flood of previously unheard voices, Muslim people on the other side of the internet, all skimming Twitter on their phones just like me and my friends, feeling outrage, empathy, laughing, doing what we do with social media. Connecting to ideas, and connecting with each other around the ideas they encounter. This time, it just happened to be one of my own.
“I would thank you from the bottom of my heart, but for you my heart has no bottom💐,” wrote Qasem Al -Ali in London.
Amaan Ullah Turkei (@AMAANULLAH) Thank you @xeni for being our voice in the time of sadness. We all belong to a big Human family. ♥ ♥ pic.twitter.com/TCZYh8qHJw
joe|المنحوس (@Joe_3234) @xeni this is the first time I see anyone talking about Islam positive and he's not Muslim #Respect
Dubai | دبي (@Dubai) @xeni Thank you for denouncing ISIS and clearly distinguishing who they are.
hiraa (@hiraakhaan) @xeni i love you for this. I wish more people thought like you and saw reality
م. بندر السويّد (@BanderALSwayyed) @xeni Thank you for your candidness and logical words, wise people like you are sending out a message of peace ❤️
Many of them looped in Donald Trump's Twitter account to address the Republican presidential nominee, known for his anti-Muslim rhetoric, directly.
Aqilicious (@AqilAlexius) @realDonaldTrump read this and use ur brain properly. https://t.co/qYYpsFd4XB
I was flooded with innumerable “I love you”s from Bahrain to Beirut to Baghdad, sent by millennial women in hijab, or men in kandura (the traditional headdress of men in the Emirates). Many of these tweets ended with hearts or kisses from young women who wore Snapchat flower crowns in their avatars. Other tweets from Muslim gents were signed with a flower emoji, a rose or a handful of tulips – the kind of courtesy and respect I'm not used to receiving online, where most political tweets (particularly from women) elicit a steady barrage of abuse (from men). Men in Malaysia were in my mentions with memes. Several Muslim respondents replied with a classic Steve Carell gif from The Office.
The volume of response was dizzying and frightening. I've been on the internet for a long time. I know that the mood surrounding a viral moment can shift at any time. Many Trump supporters and other racists responded to me, a fellow white American, with ugliness and threats. I blocked the worst, muted the rest, and went on reading the amazing love coming out of accounts with Arabic in their handles.
Countless replies, many of which amounted to: “Praise Allah, it's such a relief to see that some non-Muslims don't confuse these murderous idiots with us” or “You wouldn't believe the BS we have to put up with. Thank you for seeing us as equals.”
Hello? CNN? Fox News? All you politicians and TV news pundits chanting your eternal refrain, “Where are the moderate Muslim voices condemning Isis in the strongest possible terms?”
They are in my mentions. By the thousands. Go, look. Listen. Learn.
Thank you, Muslim Twitter. I will always remember Independence Day now in the light of this experience. For me, from now on, it will be Internet Interdependence Day.
Newly-released emails between Donald Trump Jr. and WikiLeaks raise serious questions about what Pence knew and when he knew it.
The shocking new release of emails between Donald Trump Jr. and WikiLeaks, which shows the duo actively collaborating for months in an attempt to spread emails stolen from the Clinton campaign by Russian hackers, is a massive blow to Trump's repeated denials that his campaign worked with foreign saboteurs.
But it is in particular a blow for Mike Pence, who at the exact same time that the correspondence started up, was insisting to the media that no one in the campaign was in touch with WikiLeaks.
In October 2016, Pence gave the following answer when asked by Fox News' Steve Doocy whether the campaign was “in cahoots” with WikiLeaks:
Nothing could be further from the truth. I think all of us have, you know, have had concerns about WikiLeaks over the years and it's just a reality of American life today, and of life in the wider world.
This statement came on the exact same day that Trump Jr. posted a link to WikiLeaks — at their request — urging people to visit the site to “read all the corruption and hypocrisy.”
The very same morning Pence said the Trump campaign wasn't "in cahoots" with WikiLeaks, Don Jr. tweeted out a link provided to him by … WikiLeaks. pic.twitter.com/shMIH9puTk — Chris Geidner (@chrisgeidner) November 13, 2017
Just two weeks prior to that exchange, WikiLeaks had made their first contact with Trump Jr., after which he mass-forwarded their conversation to key members of the Trump campaign, including Steve Bannon, Kellyanne Conway, Jared Kushner, and Hope Hicks.
Pence was not cc'd in that email chain. However, for the running mate in the campaign to not be cognizant of a lead shared this widely within the group requires a suspension of disbelief — or else the presumption that Pence was massively incompetent.
The denials from the Trump team are getting weaker by the day. It is time to get a clear, definitive answer on who knew what, and when.
Version 55.0, first offered to Release channel users on August 8, 2017
Today's release brings innovative functionality, improvements to core browser performance, and more proof that we're committed to making Firefox better than ever. New features include support for WebVR, making Firefox the first Windows desktop browser to support VR experiences. Performance changes include significantly faster startup times when restoring lots of tabs and settings that let users take greater control of our new multi-process architecture. We've also upgraded the address bar to make finding what you want easier, with search suggestions and the integration of our one-click search feature, and safer, by prioritizing the secure - https - version of sites when possible. Read what Nick Nguyen (VP, Firefox Product) has to say about Firefox 55, get historical perspective on the development of WebVR from Sean White (SVP, Emerging Technologies) in this Medium post, and read about all the new features for developers in Firefox 55 on Mozilla Hacks.
We'd also like to extend a special thank you to all of the new Mozillians who contributed to this release of Firefox!
President Donald Trump walks with House Speaker Paul Ryan on Thursday as they leave a meeting with House Republicans on Capitol Hill in Washington. Trump was at the Capitol for a pep rally with House Republicans shortly before the chamber voted to approve the tax reform bill. | Jacquelyn Martin/AP House passes massive GOP tax cuts It's a victory for Trump and Ryan, though getting a bill through the Senate won't be easy.
House Republicans passed a $5.5 trillion tax bill Thursday, in a major step toward rewriting the nation's tax code and providing a sorely needed legislative victory for President Donald Trump.
The bill passed 227-205, with 13 Republicans breaking with leadership to vote against the legislation. Not a single Democrat backed the bill, highlighting the sharp partisan split as the tax fight moves to the narrowly-divided Senate.
Story Continued Below
"This is about giving hardworking taxpayers bigger paychecks, more take-home pay... It's about getting this economy to grow faster, so we get bigger wages, more jobs, and we put America in the driver's seat in the global economy one again," said Speaker Paul Ryan.
The legislation would slash the corporate tax rate to 20 percent starting next year, down from 35 percent. It sets the top small business rate at 25 percent for pass-through entities and also includes a far lower rate of 9 percent for some types of small businesses on the first $75,000 of profits.
For individuals, it axes a number of popular deductions, including the state and local tax deduction, medical expenses deduction and student loan deductions but would double the standard deduction and condense the seven tax brackets into four.
Passage represents a significant victory for Ways and Means Chairman Kevin Brady and Ryan, who GOP sources joke has been dreaming of this moment since he was in diapers. The last full overhaul of the tax code, done in 1986, took many months to complete. The House unveiled a bill just two weeks ago. And after months of complaints by Trump and conservatives nationwide, Republicans finally got a win on a key plank in the party's agenda.
The White House issued a statement that the vote is "a big step toward fulfilling our promise to deliver historic tax cuts for the American people by the end of the year."
Still, House passage is just the beginning of what's likely to be a lengthy few weeks of intraparty haggling to get the bill to Trump's desk. The Senate still has to clear its own tax bill. And that will be an uphill battle.
Already Sen. Ron Johnson (R-WIs.) has come out against the Senate's tax bill, arguing that small businesses are “left behind” in the legislation. The Senate tax proposal also includes a repeal of Obamacare's individual mandate at Trump's insistence, which could repel moderate Republicans like Sen. Susan Collins of Maine and give Democrats further ammunition to blast the legislation.
The White House in recent months has made a conscious attempt to try to woo Senate Democrats in case they can't muster the 51 Republican votes needed for passage. Trump phoned several of them during his trip to Asia last week, for example.
So far, however, Democrats have remained united in their opposition to the legislation, which they have blasted as a giveaway to the wealthy and corporate America, while busting the budget and raising taxes on some middle-class families. That means Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) will have to find a way to wrangle his oft-fractured conference.
Should the Senate pass its tax bill, the House and Senate will have to hash out their differences in a conference committee and pass a final version through both chambers.
That also could take time since they differ in many ways, including the number of tax brackets for individuals, the timing of corporate tax cuts and which deductions should remain in the tax code.
The Senate bill also does not include a critical olive branch Ryan and Brady provided to lawmakers from high-tax states who oppose getting completely rid of the state and local tax deduction. That deal allows their constituents to continue to deduct up to $10,000 in property taxes, and it successfully won over several lawmakers from New York and New Jersey.
It didn't win everyone, however. Of the 13 Republicans who voted against the bill, nine were from the Empire or Garden States — and specifically cited SALT for their "no" votes.
The so-called "SALT fix" also didn't address the issue for many California Republicans, who likewise represent high-tax areas. Property taxes aren't as high in the Golden State, and their constituents grapple more with high income taxes, which were not addressed in the SALT deal.
That's why California Republicans Darrell Issa, Tom McClintock and Dana Rohrabacher all voted against the bill.
“I whipped ‘no,' and I haven't changed my mind,” Issa told reporters Wednesday night.
The most reliable politics newsletter. Sign up for POLITICO Playbook and get the latest news, every morning — in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
Issa, who is vulnerable in 2018, called the bill “inherently bad for our constituents” and said that while Republicans say “not a single taxpayer will pay more,” he noted that Democrats argue that 36 million people will indeed see a tax hike.
“The vast majority of the people they're talking about… are going to be in New York, New Jersey and California,” Issa said. “They're going to be in states and districts like mine.”
Despite the SALT concerns, Ryan and House GOP leaders were confident throughout the week that they'd have the 218 votes needed for passage, even with unified Democratic opposition. In fact, they've felt so good about their whip count they barely called on the White House to twist arms. Trump had no one-on-one meetings scheduled with lawmakers to try to flip GOP opponents into “yes” votes.
“The mood of the members is in a really good place and people are really focused on getting this done… This is why you run for office," Scalise said.
After the whip count Monday night, Scalise's team broke all the “nos” down into certain categories: those concerned about limits to the state and local tax deduction, or others hung up on soon-to-be axed tax breaks like one to renovate historic buildings. Some were worried about IRS rules that had little to do with the bill. And others wanted tweaks to small businesses tax cuts or to add an Obamacare individual mandate repeal to the bill.
GOP leaders have been telling these members that they'll have time to alter the legislation in conference committee talks while warning them that if they want to get a tax bill to Trump's desk by Christmas, they need to pass the bill this week.
GOP leaders told those California members that they could potentially win more for them in conference with the Senate.
Before the vote, a happy Trump spent time with GOP lawmakers praising and joking with them behind closed doors in the Capitol.
Trump riffed in typical Trump fashion, mentioning tax cuts as part of a larger monologue on the success of his recent trip to Asia, as well as how he got Chinese officials to release three UCLA basketball players arrested for shoplifting.
“This is the biggest tax cut in the history of our country," Trump said of the bill. "Let's go do this.”
Trump praised Ryan, House Majority Whip Steve Scalise (R-La.) and especially Brady. Trump even said that he might have "a new Kevin," a joke about House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.), who the president has referred to as "my Kevin."
"Kevin Brady is a fine guy," Trump added. "I can't say that about everyone in here. Only 30 or 40 percent of you in this room are fine people."
"He talked about the prospects for the tax bill, what it was going to do for the country, especially the corporate rate, what that's going to do for the country. Bringing companies back to America," said Rep. Scott Perry (R-Pa.). "He urged us to go vote for the bill, and then go home and talk about it."
“He said, ‘We stand at the precipice of doing something great' and that he wants us to continue pressing the Senate to get this done,” added Rep. Bill Flores (R-Texas).
Nancy Cook and Josh Dawsey contributed to this report.
Members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Christchurch are gathering food, water and other emergency supplies which will be transported this week by helicopter to rural and remote communities in North Canterbury hit hard by Monday's 7.5 magnitude earthquake.
Kaikoura Quake Map. Kaikoura Earthquake. 14 November 2016. Map credit: Google. 2016 by Intellectual Reserve, Inc. All rights reserved.
Two people lost their lives when the earthquake struck the small towns of Waiau, Hanmer Springs, Kaikoura and surrounding areas. Train lines, the main national highway and other roads have been damaged, cutting off several communities.
For more information about the earthquake and aftershocks go to Stuff.co.nz.
Local Latter-day Saint leaders report that all missionaries are safe, as are all other members of the Church in affected areas.
A home belonging to one family from the Church's Rangiora Ward (congregation) was destroyed in the quake. The family is now being supported by leaders and members from their congregation.
President of the Pacific Area of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, Elder O. Vincent Haleck, expressed love and concern for the individuals, families and communities affected by Monday's earthquake.
Kaikoura Quake Map. Kaikoura Earthquake. 14 November 2016. Map credit: Google. 2016 by Intellectual Reserve, Inc. All rights reserved.
“Our thoughts and prayers are with all of the people in the affected communities,” he said. “Our local leaders are continuing to assess needs, providing immediate support to individuals and families, and organizing volunteers from our Christchurch congregations. The shipment of relief supplies that will be flown by helicopter to affected areas this week will include donated items from Christchurch Latter-day Saints, as well as purchased supplies paid for by the Church. As further needs are identified, we will continue to provide support.”
Latter-day Saints and others who wish to support those affected by this and other disasters around the world may wish to donate to the Church's humanitarian fund.
THE BODY REPRESENTING rank-and-file gardaí has said its members are not afforded the status of victims by Ireland's legislature when it comes to assaults in the line of duty.
John O'Keeffe, director of communications for the Garda Representative Association (GRA), told TheJournal.ie that prison sentences for assaults on gardaí are not handed down of sufficient length to deter this type of criminal violence.
The comments follow a sentencing yesterday in which a man who kicked a garda as she lay unconscious on the ground avoided jail. Leon Kavanagh was 17 at the time of the assault on Garda Paula Carter in the Clarehall area of Dublin on 14 February 2015.
The garda and her partner Garda David Egan were looking for a boy who had gone missing. They had received a report tat the 13-year-old boy might be located at a party in a house in Clarehall.
When they arrived at the house, a number of youths, including Kavanagh, were aggressive towards gardaí. The court heard Garda Carter felt herself being pulled back by her fleece by the 17-year-old and saw her colleague struggling with other youths.
She went to the assistance of her colleague and was pushed by Kavanagh “with significant force” to the ground and struck the back of her head off the footpath rendering her unconscious. He then kicked her a number of times as she lay unconscious on the ground. Her colleague went to her assistance and the youths fled the scene.
‘Very aggressive'
The injured garda was taken to hospital where she received a stitch to a cut at the back of her head. She had concussion and bruising to her legs from being kicked, as well as pain in her neck, back and a headache. The court heard that she now suffers from anxiety dealing with the public, particularly around large groups of young males.
Judge Sinead Ni Chulachain, who viewed CCTV of the incident, noted that Kavanagh, who has three previous convictions, had been “very aggressive and highly intoxicated”.
She also noted that the assault was not premeditated, no weapon was used and Kavanagh was not the only person involved.
Judge Ni Chulachain noted that Kavanagh was a young man at the time and since this offence he has enrolled in a number of courses as well as maintaining full-time employment. She took into account his relatively early guilty plea and a letter of remorse.
She imposed sentences totalling three years, which she suspended in full on strict conditions, including that he attend alcohol, offending behaviour and anger management work.
‘It's not unusual'
The GRA's John O'Keeffe said his organisation would not comment directly on this case in detail, other than to say that the sentence handed down “is not unusual when it comes to assaults on our frontline members”.
“In the last six years there have been 1,267 assaults on gardaí. There were 174 such attacks nationwide in 2012. In 2016 this figure rose to 259 — an increase of almost 50% over four years,” he explained.
Astonishingly, over 5,500 gardaí have now been injured in the line of duty since 2005. Bites, grazes, and bruising are the most common injuries suffered by gardaí, followed by sprains, strains, closed fractures and open wounds. Internal head injuries were also suffered by certain garda, alongside internal injuries elsewhere in the body, as well as dislocations, infections, and open fractures.
“There is no comparable occupation where employees are likely to suffer such a debilitating range of injuries and subsequent illnesses while carrying out their normal operational duties.”
He said the GRA is calling for judicial discretion to be removed when assaults on gardaí.
“An Garda Siochána are the guardians of the peace in this State. They are the last first and last line between civilization and chaos. Mandatory minimum sentences above are critical if we are to achieve justice for gardaí whom have been assaulted and indeed wider society.
“As defenders of the people, Irish society must now evidence a minimum level of disapproval when it comes to assaults and hate crime against gardaí, regardless of individual case circumstances.”
- With reporting by Fiona Ferguson at Dublin Circuit Criminal Court.
Rise of the Tomb Raider Is Being Published By Microsoft- IGN News
Rise of the Tomb Raider Is Being Published By Microsoft- IGN News
Share. Square Enix responds. Square Enix responds.
Xbox head of marketing, Aaron Greenberg, has confirmed that Microsoft is the publisher for Rise of the Tomb Raider on Xbox One.
The news was announced via Twitter when a user asked Greenberg who was publishing Rise of the Tomb Raider; Microsoft or Square Enix?
@diosmekemeke Yes we are publishing Rise of the Tomb Raider. — Aaron Greenberg (@aarongreenberg) December 8, 2014
Although there are no details about what the arrangement entails – such as what elements of the game Microsoft is covering, be it marketing, development, or distribution costs – we reached out to Square Enix and received the following statement.
"Yes, Microsoft will be publishing Rise of the Tomb Raider on Xbox. Microsoft has always seen huge potential in Tomb Raider and they will get behind this game with more support across development, marketing and retail than ever before, which we believe will be a step in continuing to build the Tomb Raider franchise as one of the biggest in gaming."
Exit Theatre Mode
Earlier this year, in August, developer Crystal Dynamics confirmed the game's exclusivity deal, clarifying that it is in fact a timed-exclusive.
"Yes, our deal with Microsoft has a duration. We aren't discussing details of the deal, and are focused on delivering a great game on Xbox One and Xbox 360," Crystal wrote in a Tumblr post.
"We did not make this decision lightly. Our goal is to build the best game that we possibly can, and our relationship with Microsoft will help us realize our vision for the game.
"We certainly didn't intend to cause any confusion with the announcement. The Microsoft Gamescom stage was a great place to make the initial announcement, but not necessarily to go into details."
Wesley Copeland is a freelance news writer, but you probably already guessed that. For more obvious statements, you should probably follow him on Twitter.
Tempers fray as Baird quizzed on $1bn blunder
Updated
NSW Treasurer Mike Baird has refused to table a document detailing which departments were responsible for $1 billion worth of errors in the state's accounts last financial year.
Mr Baird was grilled at a supplementary budget estimates hearing today about 37 multi-million-dollar mistakes identified by the Auditor-General, which shifted the budget from deficit into surplus.
The Treasurer conceded he has had the list of errors for three weeks but says he will not provide the document until department heads have had a chance to respond.
"We are waiting for the response from agencies and the director-generals. If you don't like it, lump it," he said.
But Labor MP Walt Secord accused Mr Baird of trying to escape scrutiny.
Secord: You've known since October 31 this hearing was going to occur. I ask you, please, table the list of 37 errors. Baird: We are going to release it. Secord: Today, Treasurer. Baird: As I said, Walt. Secord: This committee is no surprise to you, Treasurer - you've known since October 31. Baird: Walt, wait a minute. Walt, can you just wait?
The hearing descended into a shouting match as Mr Secord and Greg Donnelly tried to grill Mr Baird about political donations and revisit the appointment of Liberal Party donor Roger Massey Greene to a top government job.
He said it was the height of hypocrisy given two former Labor heavyweights, Eddie Obeid and Ian Macdonald, were currently before the corruption watchdog.
"You know what the problem is with you? We are going to fix it. We are going to fix it - that's what we're going to do," he said.
Meanwhile, the hearing revealed the State Government was pulling out of all investment in the tobacco industry.
Treasury currently has $27 million indirectly invested in tobacco through a number of trusts, while WorkCover has $39 million in the industry.
The Greens have previously accused the Government of hiding behind fund managers to justify the investments.
But Mr Baird told Greens MP John Kaye that all government agencies and the independent state super fund would now be instructed to drop any shares in tobacco.
Topics: states-and-territories, budget, nsw
First posted
Feds Step in to Support Virginia Trans Teen
Gavin Grimm just wants to do what every other boy does, and what he was doing, until his school board stopped him: use the bathroom matching his gender identity.
Gavin Grimm, a transgender boy fighting to end discrimination against him by his public high school in Virginia, now has some mighty allies in his corner: two Obama administration agencies as well as two LGBT advocacy organizations, which filed friend of the court briefs on his behalf.
The Gloucester County school board denied Grimm, 16, access to the boys' bathroom at Gloucester County High School last December, despite him self-identifying as a boy. A federal judge upheld the decision last month, just before Grimm started his junior year.
The U.S. Department of Education and the Justice Department Wednesday filed a 40-page brief with the Fourth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Richmond, Va., on behalf of Grimm, according to the Washington Blade.
He claims in the lawsuit he filed this summer with the assistance of the American Civil Liberties Union against the Gloucester County School Board that the policy violates Title IX of the U.S. Education Amendments of 1972 and the 14th Amendment's Equal Protection Clause.
“Denying a transgender boy access to the boys' restroom is often much more than a mere inconvenience or limitation on his ability to use the restroom,” the brief states. “it can be an effective denial of a restroom altogether.”
“As a result of such a policy, transgender students like G.G. are denied the ability to participate fully in and take advantage of their school's educational programs,” it adds. “No one could reasonably expect a student to make it through an entire school day without access to a restroom; any student who attempted to do so would likely experience discomfort and anxiety affecting his ability to concentrate during class, further diminishing his educational experience.”
The National Center for Lesbian Rights and Gay and Lesbian Advocates and Defenders groups also filed an amicus brief Wednesday, on behalf of medical and mental health professionals who support Grimm.
Last week, Grimm's lawyers asked a federal appeals board to remove U.S. District Court Judge Robert Doumar from the case, because of what they say shows his lack of sensitivity to the issue.
Judge Doumar, 84, rejected Grimm's request for an injunction to continue to use the boys' bathroom as he did throughout 10th grade. The judge also threw out his Title IX argument, which the Justice Department affirmed last month.
According to the documents filed by Grimm's lawyers, the Ronald Reagan appontee holds preexisting views about transgender people and medical science that could compromise his judgment.
Doumar repeatedly called gender dysphoria a “mental disorder” during a July hearing, and dismissed expert testimony on the condition, according to the brief filed by Grimm's attorneys:
“In short, the record reflects that [Doumar] has strong opinions about medical issues and may be inordinately suspicious of the modern medical consensus regarding sex and gender if that consensus conflicts with its preexisting views. “The court's medical opinions even extended to unfounded skepticism that a person could develop a urinary tract infection from delaying using the restroom.”
The brief also asks the appeals court to impose the requested injunction — allowing grimm to resume using the boys' bathroom — and review their argument for Title IX.
The Gloucester County School Board is arguing it is not violating Title IX because it applies its bathroom policy equally to students based on the gender they were assigned at birth.
Read the brief filed by NCLR and GLAD on behalf of Grimm, includng testimony by the World Professional Association for Transgender Health, the Pediatric Endocrine Society, the nation's leading clinics specializing in serving transgender youth, Dr. Norman Spack of Boston Children's Hospital, and a number of other prominent doctors and medical and policy organizations with expertise in adolescent and transgender health issues, here.
CLOVER_BLUE CLOVER_BLUE CLOVER_BLUE CLOVER_BLUE CLOVER_BLUE
Jose Nunez
Well I read the reviews and knew it would fit small but I've been in the market for a Schott jacket and the price was too good not to give it a try. I am normally between a L and a XL in most jackets and a lot of companies I buy from make their products slim fit so I was willing to give it a try. I always have a problem with the fit of the arms in jackets I wear because my arms are on the short side. I am 5.11" and 230 lbs. I put on the jacket and it fits super tight on the arms but I don't mind that, I like the look and feel so the other reviews must have been exaggerating. I go to zip up the jacket. Jesus man. It is SLIMMMMM fit. I could forgive that it doesn't have the stars on the shoulders like shown in the photo but come on. If they had an XXL I would order it and most likely be happy for the price. Bummer. Buyer beware. Believe the reviews. If you wear a M in normal jackets I would order an XL in this. Lesson learned. Will return.
Chip Kelly began his first stint as an NFL general manager the same way he coaches — fast, decisive, and not giving a damn with what anybody thinks. In the first three days of the official NFL year, when free agency and trading first become possible again, he outmaneuvered the entire rest of the league put together by adding 7 players, letting 8 go, and re-signing two (including emerging stud OLB Brandon Graham, a surprise to stay). Everyone was left staring, confused and awed.
NFL teams struggle to defend against Chip Kelly's up-tempo offseason. — Matt Ufford (@mattufford) March 12, 2015
Like many, I'm not exactly sure what Chip Kelly is doing, but I do know this: He's one of the smartest football men I've ever known. — Gil Brandt (@Gil_Brandt) March 12, 2015
I won't even try to get into all of the crazy turns, from the NFL Network falsely reporting that the Rams were giving Philly the No. 10 pick, to 49ers RB Frank Gore agreeing to a deal before changing his mind. You'll have to go through my Twitter timeline (@taoish) from 4 p.m. EST Tuesday until the minute you read this column to capture it all. It's not for the faint of heart.
Forget the “emotional rollercoaster” cliche. This was hang-gliding in a hurricane, soaring toward the sun on a thermal one minute, then plummeting to the cliffs the next. Rollercoasters only offer the illusion of danger. Your biggest risk there is getting hit in the face with a goose.
This was the real deal. One in a thousand hang-gliders die, every year, even in good weather. Chip has the courage to jump off the cliff and either soar through the sky or crash to death on the rocks.
Philadelphia's fans are not shy about expressing their feelings, either. When he traded LeSean McCoy for Kiko Alonso, straight up, there were complaints mixed with grudging acceptance. After it turned out that the Sam Bradford trade required the Eagles to give up their 2016 No. 2 pick, without moving up for Mariota, even the most level-headed Philly fans — and yes, I do mean Tommy Lawlor — were ready to run Chip out of town. And that was just Tuesday afternoon. Coach Kelly powered through.
from video (courtesy of Philadelphia Eagles.com)
By Thursday, when both DeMarco Murray and Ryan Mathews signed on to form the NFL's best backfield while crippling the hated Cowboys, stunned fans either cheered or struggled fiercely to maintain their habitual grumpiness.
There is no way one column can summarize everything that happened, so I'm going to note a few less-noticed aspects and then look at the big picture.
“If only someone would write a book about this whole crazy season, so that Diversion Books of New York could release it in July under the title ‘Controlled Chaos: Chip Kelly's Football Revolution!' ”
Great idea, imaginary bro-dude. I'll see if I can't make that happen. For now, here is Jimmy Kempski's graphic representation of what went down.
Jimmy Kempski
Important notes:
– The Eagles added two much needed cornerbacks, Seattle's excellent Byron Maxwell and a potential steal in the oft-injured Walter Thurmond III, who was Chip's first defensive star as Oregon's rookie coach in 2009.
– For about the same amount of cap money, Philly replaced LeSean McCoy, the No. 3 NFL rusher, with DeMarco Murray, the No. 1 NFL rusher, PLUS stud inside linebacker Kiko Alonso (plugging a major defensive hole) AND Ryan Mathews, another great if often-injured RB. Both backs are quick and powerful north-south runners more suited to Kelly's scheme than McCoy, who was admittedly great but declined last year at 27, as most RBs do.
– The combination of Murray, Mathews and Darren Sproles resembles Chip's great Oregon backfields, with two quick, tough RBs and a TAZR, like De'Anthony Thomas. The Eagles even have Jeff Maehl and Josh Huff to block and catch the occasional pass.
– The overdeveloped running game should fix the Eagle's red zone woes and offer QB insurance in case Sam Bradford flops or gets hurt. Backup Mark Sanchez throws a lot of picks but he hands off pretty well.
– Jeremy Maclin, the team's best WR, got away. That sucks but Kansas City vastly overpaid him at $11 million a year.
– Since WRs are overpaid and RBs are undervalued, it's smart to get runners in free agency and draft receivers at low rookie pay rates.
– Releasing Trent Cole and re-signing Brandon Graham to start in his place gave the team a young, ascending OLB in place of a fading lion who cost $4 million a year more. The linebacking corps of Barwin, Kendricks, Alonso and Graham is rock-solid now.
– Did I mention that the Cowboys and their fans are broken, angry and befuddled? That would be big fun even if Philly didn't play them twice a year.
– Kelly cleverly traded for a QB who might be a brilliant Drew Brees-like reclamation project, or a quickly injured bust, or a key trading asset to deal for the pick that nabs Marcus Mariota. Two out of three ain't bad.
Here's the big picture.
from video (courtesy of Philadelphia Eagles.com)
Chip Kelly's master plan is coming into focus. He signed a five-year contract and took that seriously, I think. The goal is a Super Bowl; with this franchise, nothing less is acceptable, but that takes some building. This will be a rough year, uneven at best just from all the changes. If Bradford or both new RBs or Jason Peters get injured, it could be ugly.
I believe Chip has a two-pronged strategy. The short-term plan makes the most of Murray, Thurmond, and some of the team's older veterans — Peters, DeMeco Ryans, Sproles. They will help the team win, mentor the young'uns and establish Chip's offensive and defensive schemes over the next two to three years.
The long term plan is a Super Bowl window from roughly 2016 – 2021, opening in the last two years of Chip's contract (and guaranteeing its renewal). That window is built around a great core of young players, including Alonso, Huff and Kendricks, Jordan Matthews, Jason Kelce, Lane Johnson and the entire DL. For a team built on culture, a group of high-character studs playing together for several years is the best possible situation.
Oh, by the way, Oregon had its Pro Day yesterday. Jake Fisher was impressive and may justify Philadelphia's first round pick, which would help rejuvenate the elderly offensive line. Marcus Mariota was NOT impressive, which is excellent, because it means that he might fall into Philadelphia's trading range. (Reportedly, some of the teams with the highest picks would prefer Sam Bradford to either Winston or Mariota. Well, guess who has Sam Bradford to deal now?)
Tuesday afternoon, in the dismay immediately following the Bradford trade, this tweet was perfect:
Chip Kelly is at the part of the magic trick where he puts your watch in the handkerchief and smashes it with a hammer. #Eagles #NFL #Philly — Chip Chantry (@ChipChantry) March 10, 2015
Chip Kelly has held two press conferences since then, and “dispelled” the notion that he would trade the farm for Mariota. But he is the son of an Irish lawyer and chooses his words carefully. Kelly never said he wouldn't trade for Mariota, though many heard that. He just said he wouldn't “mortgage the team's future.” OK, great.
All his wild trading so far has earned grudging respect from even the most bitter Eagles fan. But if he nabs Mariota too, it will be an astounding act of showmanship and pure GM talent. That smashed Timex will emerge as a Patek Philippe Tourbillon.
Thursday, every national draft analyst agreed that Mariota looked bad throwing at his pro day, and this vision seemed almost possible. That led to this tweet, which a lot of people seemed to like even though I was mostly joking.
Mariota's tanking his pro day. The final pieces are falling into place. Chip is conducting a frickin' symphony here. — Mark Saltveit (@taoish) March 12, 2015
Mostly joking.
Featured Photo: from video, courtesy of PhiladelphiaEagles.com
Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE on Tuesday vowed to call a “special session” of Congress to repeal ObamaCare if he wins the White House.
ADVERTISEMENT
If he's elected, Trump said, Republicans “will be able to immediately repeal and replace ObamaCare.”
“It's one of the most important reasons why we must win on Nov. 8,” he said during a speech in Pennsylvania, a crucial battleground state.
It's unclear why a special session would be required to roll back the law, because the new Congress would start work before the next president is inaugurated. Congress, however, is expected to hold a lame-duck session after the elections.
Republicans have been seizing on projected premium increases for insurance plans offered through the healthcare law in the final weeks of the campaign.
Trump pointed to his replacement plan, which includes many longtime Republican ideas such as allowing insurance to be sold across state lines, encouraging health savings accounts and making premiums tax deductible.
An analysis from the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget found that 21 million people would lose their health insurance under Trump's plan. Only about 1 million people would gain coverage under his replacement, the study found.
Trump's public statements, though, sometimes conflict with the healthcare plan outlined on his campaign website, confounding experts. He has repeatedly promised to “take care of everybody,” for example, yet his plan includes no major expansion of coverage.
Trump's running mate, Indiana Gov. Mike Pence Michael (Mike) Richard PencePence meeting with Senate GOP ahead of vote to block emergency declaration 'And the award for best political commentary by an Oscar nominee goes to...' UN nuclear watchdog: Iran maintains compliance with 2015 pact MORE, introduced him and referred to a few new elements of Trump's plan that have so far not been on the campaign's website.
Pence said that the plan would include a “transition period” for people currently receiving ObamaCare subsidies, but he did not specify details like how long that period would last.
Pence also called for protecting people with pre-existing conditions if they are switching to a new plan. That would be a change from ObamaCare, which also does not allow companies to reject people with pre-existing conditions who are obtaining coverage for the first time.
Trump and Pence put their main focus on bashing premium increases under ObamaCare. The average increase for a benchmark plan is 25 percent; in Pennsylvania, it is 53 percent.
“In the future, if I'm president, there won't be ObamaCare, so you won't have to worry about it,” Trump said of the premium increases.
Trump Democratic rival, Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE, has acknowledged costs are a problem and vowed to increase financial assistance to make coverage more affordable while arguing against repealing the law's coverage gains for 20 million people.
Republicans say Clinton wants to double down on a failed system.
A handful of Republican doctors serving in Congress warmed up the crowd as the party seeks to present a unified front before Election Day. Sen. John Barrasso John Anthony BarrassoOvernight Energy: Trump ends talks with California on car emissions | Dems face tough vote on Green New Deal | Climate PAC backing Inslee in possible 2020 run Dems face tough vote on Green New Deal Dems slam EPA plan for fighting drinking water contaminants MORE (Wyo.) and Reps. Tom Price (Ga.), Michael Burgess Michael Clifton BurgessHouse Dems to mull bills to overturn Trump ObamaCare actions Overnight Health Care: House set to vote on bill targeting drug companies for overcharging Medicaid | Dems press Trump officials on pre-existing conditions | Tobacco giant invests .8B in Canadian marijuana grower GOP struggles to find right Republican for Rules MORE (Texas), Andy Harris (Md.), Renee Ellmers (N.C.), Scott DesJarlais (Tenn.) and Cynthia Lummis Cynthia Marie LummisTrump picks ex-oil lobbyist David Bernhardt for Interior secretary Trump's shifting Cabinet to introduce new faces The Hill's Morning Report — What a shutdown would mean for the government MORE (Wyo.) spoke briefly to start the event.
And Ben Carson, the retired neurosurgeon and GOP presidential candidate turned Trump booster, welcomed Pence to the stage.
While healthcare remained the focus of the event, Trump only spent a few minutes on his plan before turning back to his stump speech. He promised to improve the climate for American miners and steelworkers, pointing to his stance against international trade deals. And he discussed his support for school choice, expanding the military and lowering taxes.
The Republican's visit to Valley Forge was the second recent trip by the campaign to places that were pivotal in American wars. The Trump campaign argues the tide is turning in its direction in the final days of the campaign, just like it did for troops at these sites.
The harsh winter at Valley Forge helped to rally and train colonial troops during the American Revolution; while at Gettysburg, where Trump spoke last month, the North turned the tide against the South in the Civil War.
Updated at 2:45 p.m.
Concepts that need to be staked through the heart and placed six feet underground
1. Drug-free
A drug-free world for future generations in the Sri Lanka Sunday Observer
Drug-related social issues have become a topic of discussion not only in media, but also among individuals in various social strata. The Mathata Thitha concept of President Mahinda Rajapaksa was formulated for eradicating the drug menace from our motherland.
Fortunately, we don't see this term much any more. The U.S. 1986 crime bill said that we'd be drug-free by 1995. Newt Gingrich then said we'd be drug-free by 2001. And the U.N. was ultimately embarrassed by its bold claim that the world would be drug-free by 2008.
Even organizations like Partnership for a Drug Free America and the Drug Free America Foundation seem to just be keep their obsolete names without really believing that such a thing is possible.
It's a laughable concept. Drug-free? What do you mean? Aspirin is a drug. Caffeine is a drug. Medical science uses drugs like they're water (I believe my dad takes 16 pills a day, required by his doctors). Your body manufactures drugs.
In an attempt to understand the morons who use the “drug-free” term, well, maybe they mean that “drug-free” is shorthand. Maybe it really is supposed to stand for the more awkward “free of currently-illicit drugs.” OK, let's examine that. People have been using currently illicit drugs for millennia and will continue do so as clearly evidenced by the absolute failure of any prohibition scheme to put a dent in use.
But wait! I have a solution. I can give you your drug-free world (if it means “free of currently-illicit drugs”) in one easy step. Legalize. Voila! No more currently-illicit drugs being used.
2. Blood cocaine
Aussie cocaine users have the blood of Mexican drug war victims on their hands – ACC boss
AUSTRALIANS who use cocaine have the blood of those slain in the Mexican drug wars on their hands, according to the head of the Australian Crime Commission (ACC). ACC chief executive John Lawler says cocaine is freely available on Australian streets and police are making record levels of arrests. But he says those using the “blood cocaine” were indirectly supporting the drug cartels responsible for slaying tens of thousands of Mexicans. The Mexican government estimates about 35,000 police officers, gang members and bystanders have died since 2006 in the nation's battle to eradicate the drug cartels.
This type of ridiculous claim has been made many times before — think ONDCP Superbowl ads after 9/11, where they tried to tie drug-use with terrorism.
Yes, if you eliminated all drug use, you would wipe out the cartels' profits. And if you eliminated all sex, you would wipe out STD's. Neither concept can exist in the real world.
The truth is, John Lawler is trying to deflect the fact that he and the rest of the drug war apparatus is what's responsible for the destruction in Mexico.
If cocaine was regulated, this wouldn't happen.
This isn't even a tough choice situation. When it comes to produce, some people buy “organic,” while a lot of people aren't interested in going that route or paying a few extra pennies and so buy non-organically produced. A few people support environmental efforts by purchasing toilet paper made from recycled paper, while many others really want their Charmin.
When it comes to currently illicit drugs, if a legal option was available that wasn't priced completely out of reach, people would overwhelmingly choose the legal option, cutting off the money supply to the criminals.
John Lawler tries further to justify his deflection…
“I'd like to pose to (cocaine users) the question, if it were an egg they were consuming that had been grown in a battery environment, would they consume it?” Mr Lawler asked.
Perhaps an Australian can clue us in to what Lawler means by “battery environment.” It's not a term familiar to me, but I can guess that it means some kind of illicit situation perhaps related to violence (and not electrical storage containers).
Well you can bet your sweet ass that if eggs were illegal, Australians would be consuming them, regardless of where they were “grown.” They would be as indiscriminate as goannas seeking out those succulent chicken embryos for breakfast. And they would then rub their bellies in satisfaction with a clear conscience while fully and rightly blaming the government for the tragic and unnecessary “battery environment” its stupid laws were fueling.
Shows Run: Sons of Anarchy (2008-Present), Outlaw Empire (2012)
Sutter rose through the ranks on The Shield under showrunner Shawn Ryan, along with recently departed The Walking Dead showrunner, Glenn Mazzara. His experience on The Shield put Sutter in a position to launch Sons of Anarchy after the The Shield finished its run.
SOA has been an unmitigated success; the show has developed to the point that it often challenges broadcast shows in terms of ratings. Sutter also recently produced a documentary series entitled, Outlaw Empires, wherein he took a look at different real-life organized crime syndicates. The showrunner is beloved and reviled on Twitter, depending on who you ask, where he recently wrote a colorfully worded defense of Mazzara after his forced exit from The Walking Dead.
Wednesday is the last day Louis' Restaurant will serve giant pancakes, all-day breakfast, and cups of chicken gizzards. The Ivy City greasy spoon is closing after 29 years as the go-to spot for the neighborhood's cops, asphalt layers, government workers, and taxi drivers. But instead of a funeral, charismatic owner Jose Luis Guzman is treating the end of an era like a celebration of life.
He'll serve free food until they run out to all of their regular customers, including people that overnight at the Catholic Charities homeless shelter for men next door. The men there often perform odd jobs for the restaurant—like sweeping the sidewalk—for a bite to eat. “It's sad that there are people in trouble, but they need to feel like they earned something,” Guzman says.
Guzman, who is from El Salvador, started working at Louis' Restaurant in 1993 and bought it in 2004. He's seen the Northeast D.C. neighborhood go through a series of changes. What was an area founded by African Americans in the late 1800s has been both an industrial park and a struggling, largely overlooked enclave. While others were fleeing in the early 2000s—Guzman weathered the decline.
“Businesses and people were leaving because crime was high,” Guzman says. “It was hard to be in the neighborhood after dark.” He dialed back the diner's closing hours from 7 p.m. to 5 p.m. but didn't pick up and leave.
Only now, when Ivy City is experiencing its biggest transition to date, is Guzman walking away. He says his landlord is more than doubling the rent, from $3,000 a month to $7,000 a month (with property taxes and insurance). “They're playing with me, saying fix the place up, fix the place up,” Guzman says. “That's not the type of lease I want. I need five more years of affordable rent so I can actually upgrade because it needs to be done.”
The diner hasn't changed much over the years—its lime green and sky blue walls look like they belong in Miami, and the booths show their age. It's a time capsule. Guzman offered to buy the building for $1 million, but he says they're after closer to $2 million.
Sales are also down 25 percent. Guzman says ongoing construction in the neighborhood has turned off customers. “When the building collapsed, they closed Fenwick Street—that hurt business and there was no parking,” Guzman says. “I had to bring food out to people's cars in order to keep operating."
He's referring to an exterior wall of the building that formerly housed Pete Pappas & Sons Inc. that crumbled in May. It caused delays for business owners readying to move into the former tomato factory, like Chef Matt Baker of Gravitas.
This scene is part of a rapidly evolving Ivy City, which is largely in the hands of Douglas Development Corp. headed by Douglas, Norman, and Matthew Jemal. They're bringing in luxury apartments, restaurants from big-name restaurateurs like Ari Gejdenson of Mindful Restaurant Group, niche shops like a vintage motorcycle store, retailers, gyms, and more. The centerpiece is the Hecht Warehouse with its 330 apartments and 150,000 square feet of retail.
Down the street, Ivy City Partners (Ocean Pro Properties, Stonebridge Carras, and Jarvis Company) is taking over the grounds of the Crummell School. The group of developers won a call for RFPs cast out by the Office of the Deputy Mayor for Planning and Economic Development. ProFish will expand into part of the property, but there will also be housing, a community center, gardens, a restaurant, and more.
This story of transformation, development, and gentrification is not unique to Ivy City—it's happening in pockets across the city. Of course, gentrification is the most loaded term used because it presumes there are winners and losers.
Longtime customers of Louis' Restaurant aren't in the winner's column. “These people, they're not going to be able to afford a $9, $10 breakfast,” Guzman says. “It's not reality. But you don't blame the businesses [coming in] because in order to operate they have to raise prices because rent is expensive.”
Anthony Bush who lays asphalt for Fort Myer Construction Corp. has been coming to Louis' Restaurant every morning for three years. “The customer service is through the roof, and the food has always been terrific,” Bush says. “I get the same thing every day—the French toast platter and coffee—so when I walk in, it's already there.”
On Friday, Guzman informed Bush that the diner is closing. “It's a little heartbreaking,” Bush says. “It's so convenient for me and my coworkers who go there on a regular basis. They have always been the number one best spot. There's not even a second best. There won't be another option.”
Despite the fact that he and his crew pass by a McDonald's and a Wendy's on the way to work on South Dakota Avenue, they go out of their way to go to Louis' Restaurant where they've gotten to know Guzman. “He should get a little more leverage—he's been there before those businesses. It's crazy,” Bush says.
John Rorapaugh, the sustainable director of ProFish, has known Guzman for 15 years. When Guzman was just a cook at Louis' Restaurant he picked up work from the seafood wholesaler, making delivery runs in the afternoons.
Since ProFish is feet away, Rorapaugh's been a regular. “That was my main diet for a long time—I don't know if that's good or bad,” he says. Rorapaugh bought a spice vial of togarashi at Honeycomb in Union Market, which the cooks at Louis' Restaurant happily sprinkle on his order of fried rice, over-easy eggs, and soy sauce.
Rorapaugh expects some former Louis' Restaurant regulars to frequent the Ivy City Smokehouse Tavern next door where you can find $12 chicken wings and sandwiches ($12-$16). He also predicts they'll eat at the diner Gejdenson is opening in the Hecht Warehouse. “There's not the same answer for sure,” Rorapaugh says. “Ari's price point will obviously be a little higher, but it's a diner so it can't be too much higher.”
Prices are one thing, but it will be hard to re-create the communal feel at Louis' Restaurant. “Maybe five years ago he put up some TVs, started to put old boxing matches—Sugar Ray [Leonard] fights, it was almost a gathering place. It got people talking. I don't know if he meant for that, but they'd watch the fight and then go on into politics.”
Guzman knows that closing his restaurant is a loss for many, but he has an upbeat attitude. “They're sad that it's happening, but embrace the change. Change is beautiful,” he says. “This is a special place. Now change is coming, and it's coming alive. For a while it was pretty rough, but thank god that it's coming in and for good reason.”
A 41-year-old father of two, Guzman plans to take a year off before making any career decisions, but he hasn't ruled out coming back to Ivy City. “I hope that down the line, I'll be part of it somehow,” he says. He'd also consider other neighborhoods. “When you manage to make it in a place like this, you can make it anywhere.”
Guzman does have one wish. He believes nothing is more “beautiful” than a neighborhood that mixes the old with the new. “Whoever decides to build, either the developer, the city, whoever is in power, should have some kind of regulations that say we need to make sure we can preserve some stuff, keep some businesses in place,” he says. “The city should really pay attention to these big guys coming in, Douglas, whoever, to at least mention and say, ‘Will you be able to keep me, a little business in there?' That would be nice, for the city to get a little more involved.”
On preserving the old, Matthew Jemal of Douglas Development says, “We haven't knocked down any of the buildings that we bought there. We've renovated what was there. We took a vacant warehouse and put in 330 apartments, so that's probably 800 people living in the building. We brought really good retailers and bars to the neighborhood.”
Guzman hoped Louis' Restaurant would one of the businesses that told the story of old Ivy City. Now that responsibility falls to others. Omar Hakeem, the design director of buildingcommunityWORKSHOP is trying to help. The Texas-based nonprofit seeks “design justice through community engagement.” He calls community meetings in neighborhoods undergoing transitions where participants use art as a mechanism for uncovering issues.
The most recent meeting on Nov. 7 attracted 250 people. “We created a large neighborhood sign that I just installed on Tuesday that's all about galvanizing the identity of that place—recognizing it's a place that's eclectic, a mixed place, but you just can't separate out the fact that it's historically a modest, African-American community,” Hakeem says.
Guzman has been involved. “We started working with a few people that are really invested in the neighborhood, and Jose Luis is one of them,” Hakeem says. “I was really sad to hear about the restaurant closing, not just because of it being his livelihood, but because of what that means for the neighborhood.”
Hakeem continues to say what's happening in Ivy City is a microcosm of what's happening throughout District. “We have to ask ourselves, what is the District going to look like in next 10 years, who are we building this place for?” he says. “You look at the demographics of the types of places being put in Ivy City and they don't match the demographics of the people who have lived there for many years.”
He thinks Louis' Restaurant customers will drive to the gas station located where Mt. Olivet Road NE meets West Virginia Avenue NE to find cheap food. “Louis' Restaurant is the last place you can get breakfast for $4.95,” he says. “And, I just think it's a really fitting example of what's happening across the city.”
Don't blame overseas investors for the high price of housing in the Toronto area, says the city's real estate board. The Toronto Real Estate Board (TREB) released new research Tuesday showing only 4.9 per cent of the 113,133 residential real estate transactions in the Toronto region last year involved foreign buyers.
A lack of re-sale home listings and new homes on the market is a far greater factor driving the high price of housing in the GTA than foreign buyers, says TREB. ( THE CANADIAN PRESS FILE PHOTO )
More than half of those buyers were purchasing homes for themselves or family members, according to an October Ipsos poll of more than 3,500 TREB members, who acted on behalf of those buyers. The results are considered accurate within 2 per cent, 19 times out of 20. Fewer than one in five TREB agents reported being involved in a foreign buyer transaction, according to Ipsos. Among respondents, only 1,061 of their total 21,669 transactions were buyers from outside Canada. About a third of the transactions were on properties valued at $1 million or more, with 66 per cent purchased for less than $1 million.
Article Continued Below
About 25 per cent of the homes purchased by non-Canadians were bought as rental investments. A lack of re-sale home listings and new homes on the market is a far greater factor driving the high price of housing, said Jason Mercer, TREB's director of market analysis. “If you look at the active listings at the end of December 2016, they were half of what they were at the end of December 2015. It's pretty difficult not to say that the real issue underlying price in the GTA is the lack of inventory,” he said. “We've seen a lot of policy focus on the demand for housing. We haven't seen really any focus on the supply issue that's really emerged over the last half decade and really compounded the last couple of years,” said Mercer. People have been presupposing that foreign investment, driven out of Vancouver by a foreign buyers' tax introduced last summer, has migrated to the Toronto area, he said. The TREB data is the first empirical evidence of how that hasn't yet played out. More data will come from the provincial and federal governments, he said.
The focus on foreign investment is a distraction from the local policy and politics that have resulted in a low supply of homes, said Sean Speer, Munk senior fellow at the Macdonald-Laurier Institute. “It is such an insignificant share of the problem to assume such a significant part of the debate. I don't know how one squares that disconnect besides a search for superficial answers,” he said.
Article Continued Below
“If you subscribe to the view that there is a housing supply problem that's a critical part of the answer, more often than not it's provincial or local policies that are delaying the supply,” said Speer. “In the current context it's important that we not fall victim to this kind of politics.” TREB says that the new data suggests that a Vancouver-style tax would be misguided. A 15 per cent land transfer tax on the Toronto area could have “unintended consequences,” said the board in a press release. It could potentially push up prices in communities outside the Toronto area where there is no such tax. It could also further reduce the tight supply of rentals and discourage immigration to the area. The Ipsos poll found fewer than 2 per cent of TREB realtors had acted in a sale in the Toronto area that had been pushed east by the Vancouver tax. But the board expects prices in the Toronto area to continue rising – between 10 and 16 per cent this year. That would put the average price of a home in December of $730,472, which was 20 per cent higher than the previous year, up to $825,000 this year. High demand low-rise homes such as detached, semi-detached and townhomes, which are in scarce supply, are likely to see the biggest price growth. But the condo market is also tightening. Slightly fewer consumers expected to be buying a home this year than was indicated in previous surveys for TREB. But the number of first-timers expected to enter the market was up at the end of last year compared to 2015 – to 53 per cent from 49 per cent. The average buyer expects to put down 27.6 per cent of the purchase cost. Buyers indicated they are using various sources for down payments, including gifts and equity from an existing home, but typically half of the down payment came from RRSPs or other savings, said TREB's 2016 Market Year in Review report.
Twitter Pinterest LinkedIn Facebook
Are you tired of paying for a gym membership that only sounded like a good idea when you signed up?
Do you have a garage full of exercise and sports equipment that never gets used?
Do you sign up for workout classes but drop out after the first couple of sessions because it's “not my thing?”
You may be looking at exercise the wrong way. Like most things in life, workouts are not a “one size fits all” solution to getting fit and staying that way.
If you're tired of starting an exercise regime only to find yourself making excuses for not continuing, you might want to step back and look at your personality type to discover what activities are best suited for your individual traits.
Luckily for you, fitness studies have determined the best fitness routine is one matched to your personality type, rather than the latest and greatest fad that's exploding in the gyms.
Instead of hoping the latest twist on Zumba will be the perfect workout you've been searching for, take a quick quiz to find your personality type, and you'll be able to customize the recommended results to match your own lifestyle and mindset.
Based on the Myers & Briggs Personality Test which defines 16 different types of personalities, fitness personality tests define anywhere from four to eight different fitness personalities.
Here are four basic types and some simple workout ideas for each group. Decide which best describes your personality to begin plotting your ideal fitness regime:
The Planner
The Planner is reserved about fitness as well as all other aspects of life, and likes to have all the facts before she starts anything new. Usually a loner when it comes to exercise, The Planner's best bet is to stick with the tried and true but to add new twists to her routine. A couple ways to mix things up are using a yoga ball to enhance stretching or adding wrist or ankle weights to a basic workout.
Want to be more productive? Learn how to be more with Productivity Theory's weekly newsletter! Join 2,000 other subscribers now! Email address: Your email address will only be used to send you my newsletter, and at any time you may unsubscribe. For more information, see my Privacy Policy. Leave this field empty if you're human:
The Go-Getter
The Go-Getter is the competitor in life. She lives for challenges and is the overachiever of the corporate world: think attorneys, stock traders, and CEOs. Go-Getters thrive on detailed workout regimes and competitive sports, such as tennis and handball, because to her, winning the game or completing the goal gives the most personal satisfaction. The Go-Getter does well with a personal trainer who will help her set fitness goals so she can see the results step-by-step.
The Social Butterfly
The Social Butterfly is usually found in the middle of the crowd and loves to interact with his peers. If you're the guy who loves company and interaction with others, team sports and group workouts are the perfect setting for your exercise personality. To you, it's all about the social experience. Join a class. Sign up for a baseball team, or join a bowling league to get the interaction you crave while on your fitness journey.
The Adventurer
The Adventurer is always game to try something new. Conversely, he's also the guy that gets bored with the same old routine. If you're an Adventurer, you should think outside the box when it comes to exercise. Hiking, climbing and anything new and interesting will draw your attention, but you need to keep consistency in mind when it comes to exercise in general.
Note that this is just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to defining your fitness personality. Find an activity that you enjoy doing, and you're exercise routine will likely start to feel a lot easier.
What kinds of exercises work best for your personality? Tell me in the comments section below!
If you enjoyed this post, you'll also like these:
Conservatives in Florida were aghast: State documents said that Gov. Jeb Bush and other overseers of Florida's pension system had shifted retirees' money into a company called Movie Gallery, one of the largest film rental firms in America. Most of the titles were standard comedy and action fare, but a fraction were X-rated titles.
In short, the state of Florida was investing taxpayer money in pornography.
Bush recently released 280,000 emails from his two terms as governor, and buried in the trove are exchanges about the Movie Gallery investment that highlight the tension between Bush's stance as a firm social conservative and his readiness to align himself with the Republican Party's pro-businesses sensibilities -- even at the cost of right-wing ideals.
“Have you people lost your minds?” one outraged voter wrote in an email to Bush and the State Board of Administration (SBA), which made the investment. Another angry voter emailed that pornography was “enslaving men and women to its addiction.”
But Bush, then the highest-profile trustee of the board that oversees Florida's $149 billion pension system, was unmoved by conservatives' outrage, and maintained the investment. In one of the newly surfaced emails, the SBA's director told an angry Floridian that the state could not take investment advice from “various constituency groups.” The Bush administration would not let political ideology shape pension decisions, the director explained, saying the state's pension trustees were “required to act solely in the best interest of the [pension] beneficiaries.”
With right-wing heroes like Mike Huckabee, Ted Cruz and Rick Santorum moving to enter the 2016 presidential race, Bush's backers are working to present the former Florida governor as a reliable conservative. They note that he publicly opposed same-sex marriage, funded crisis pregnancy centers and backed proposals to fund vouchers for private and religious schools.
That characterization, however, was in dispute in 2005, when the American Family Association caught wind of the Bush administration's decision to purchase more than 47,000 shares of Movie Gallery while the firm made pornography available to its customers.
In a mass email, AFA founder Donald Wildmon touted his group's new website www.stopmoviegalleryporn.com, and urged the AFA's 200,000 members to sign a petition and express their anger at Bush for moving $1.3 million of state money into the company.
“Movie Gallery shades hundreds of its stores with ‘back rooms,' filled with thousands of videos and magazines exhibiting morbid depictions of sex,” Wildmon wrote. “By investing in Movie Gallery stock, the state of Florida is giving its stamp of approval on hard-core porn. Tell the Florida Board of Administration to get out of the porn business by divesting itself of Movie Gallery stock.”
Bush advisers did not respond to International Business Times' questions about the Movie Gallery investment. A spokesperson for the AFA declined an interview request and did not answer similar questions.
The SBA told IBTimes it held the Movie Gallery shares in an internally managed, passive investment fund that used the Russell 3000 stock index as a benchmark. The state ultimately sold its Movie Gallery shares in 2006 after the company was deleted from the index, SBA spokesman Dennis MacKee said.
Unlike some of his GOP rivals who have spent their out-of-office time promoting social conservative ideology, Bush went on to a lucrative Wall Street career, keeping a comparatively low profile on causes dear to the religious right. But as he has reemerged on the national stage for a 2016 run, his supporters say his time in office proves he can be trusted by the right.
“His record as governor of Florida was not that moderate; it was pretty darn conservative,” former South Carolina Republican Party Chairman Barry Wynn said.
Brian Ballard, a Florida lobbyist and Republican presidential fundraiser, echoed the sentiment, telling IBTimes that Bush is “militantly pro-life” and is “very, very conservative in his political views and in how he governed.”
To be sure, Bush is not the only potential Republican 2016 contender who has faced scrutiny for his stance on issues related to pornography. Former Texas Gov. Rick Perry was criticized during the last presidential campaign for having bought and sold between $5,000 and $10,000 worth of Movie Gallery stock in the past. Former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum, who touts his strict conservative morals, took heat during the 2012 campaign for accepting $12,000 in contributions as a senator from a cable company that decided to make hard-core pornography available on pay-per-view to its subscribers.
But neither Perry nor Santorum was snubbed by the Values Voter Summit last September in the way Bush was. At that gathering of social conservatives, only Bush was denied a speaking slot, illustrating the continuing strains between the Florida governor and the religious right.
Explaining the snub, the organizer of the event, Family Research Council head Tony Perkins, said Bush and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie were “not on the top of the list in terms of what they are doing right now and whether or not it was relevant to the values voters and who they want to hear from.”
Larian have settled on a 14 September release date for Divinity: Original Sin 2. But that's just one of several announcements today, which include further updates to the Early Access version.
Act 1, featured in the Early Access build, basically has a bunch of additions. The ‘home base' hub in Divinity: Original Sin 2 will no longer be the Hall of Echoes (though that location is still present in the game); instead, it's the ship The Lady Vengeance. As well as lovely new boat, this latest update is adding the first look at the Party Relationships system.
Not those kinds of relationships. Well … maybe those kinds, I'm not sure. Your actions and choices will resonate with the company you keep. If they end up hating you, they might leave the group entirely. If they like you, it may lead “to other things” (so okay, yes, it is those kinds of relationships too).
The character creation screen has been given an overhaul, and Divinity: Original Sin 2 now has a tutorial. Larian also say they're opening Act has had a couple of story re-writes, and there's a whole new area at the end of Fort Joy. In short, they say, “you're going to see a big difference in how your story progresses.” All of that, plus changes to the crafting system, new skills, and everything else featured in this list.
Does your MacBook Pro freak out with distorted graphics or randomly restart? Then you'll want to take advantage of Apple's new repair program.
After deeming that a “small percentage of MacBook Pro systems may exhibit distorted video, no video, or unexpected system restarts,” Apple will start fixing parts for free on select MacBook Pro models.
A class action lawsuit was filed against Apple last October over graphics issues with 2011 MacBooks. A petition on Change.org for Apple to offer free repairs currently has over 38,000 signatures. A thread on Apple's support forum about the issue has over 4 million views.
Now Apple will repair any MacBook Pro purchased between February 2011 and December 2013. The program covers Retina as well as non-Retina models.
While AppleCare would typically be required to get free repairs, the program means that anyone can get their affected MacBooks fixed at no cost. The computer must have “distorted or scrambled video on the computer screen, “no video on the computer screen (or external display) even though the computer is on,” or restart “unexpectedly” for it to qualify.
Any Apple authorized service provider, not just Apple's own stores, will do the repairs. You can check your MacBook's eligibility on Apple's website. The programs last until February 27, 2016 or until three years after the MacBook's original purchase date.
The geometry of cancer cells
Malignant and healthy cells display characteristic fractal patterns, which can be used to tell them apart
A new approach has given rise to the hope for a faster and more reliable method for determining cancer cell types. Scientists from the Max Planck Institute for Intelligent Systems in Stuttgart and the University of Heidelberg found that cells can be very accurately characterised using fractal geometry. This theory describes objects whose minute structural details resemble their larger contours. Cancer cells are not able to regulate their growth and, as a consequence their shape, as effectively as healthy cells. The particular fractal geometry of a cell therefore becomes a marker of the cell type. Using this mathematical method in combination with sophisticated image recognition, it is possible to establish the progression of cancer in a cell. The researchers studied the statistical distribution of the occurrence of structural details on the surface of different tumour cells, and were thus able to identify cancer cells with more accuracy than when using the conventional immunohistological method. Moreover, they were able to distinguish between different tumours.
The more frayed, the more malignant: A tumour cell can be distinguished by its fractal geometry, or rather, its degree of fractality. The cell on the right displays a greater degree of fractality than that on the left, which is an indication of its stronger aggressiveness. © MPI for Intelligent Systems The more frayed, the more malignant: A tumour cell can be distinguished by its fractal geometry, or rather, its degree of fractality. The cell on the right displays a greater degree of fractality than that on the left, which is an indication of its stronger aggressiveness. © MPI for Intelligent Systems
The concept of fractals was introduced less than 40 years ago; however, fractal structures have existed from time immemorial. The leaves of a fern, Romanesco broccoli and coastlines all follow a pattern in which geometrical and topographical features are repeated, when they are increasingly magnified. Outgrowth and protrusions on the cell surface also display such “self-similar” patterns.
The team working with Joachim Spatz, Director at the Max Planck Institute for Intelligent Systems in Stuttgart and Professor at the University of Heidelberg, has now discovered that tumour cells and healthy cells can be identified using fractal geometry.
The scientists magnified the contours of human pancreas tumour cells and analysed their physical irregularities. They then calculated the fractal dimensionality, a measure of the statistical distribution of the irregularities, of the cell contours. Cancer cells display a greater degree of fractality than healthy cells, since the chaotic growth of tumours causes very irregular convexities of varying size on the cell surface. However, not only did the fractal dimension indicate for the researchers the presence of a tumour cell, it could also be used to determine with 97 per cent accuracy to which of two different lines of malignant pancreas tumour cells it belonged. “This is a much more accurate and faster method for determining cancer cell types than the established procedure,” says Joachim Spatz.
Determining cancer cell types is still an uncertain and time-consuming task
A matter of scale: The images show the same cell in an RICM image (on the right) and a bright-field image (left). Small cell protrusions, invisible in bright-field images, can be visualised with RICM. © MPI for Intelligent Systems A matter of scale: The images show the same cell in an RICM image (on the right) and a bright-field image (left). Small cell protrusions, invisible in bright-field images, can be visualised with RICM. © MPI for Intelligent Systems
To date, cancer cells and their primary site of origin in the body were identified in extracted biopsy samples that were stained using specific antibodies and biomarkers. However, there are drawbacks to this method of staining: It requires numerous individual steps with expensive antibodies, rendering it costly and time-consuming. Moreover, the stains predominantly used make it more difficult to distinguish the tiny differences in cells. As a consequence, cancer is only correctly diagnosed in 85 per cent of samples.
Using fractal geometry, Joachim Spatz' team is able to identify cancer cells more reliably and much faster. With this method, cells can be studied under a microscope without requiring special preparation. In a reflection interference contrast microscope (RICM), the team is able to study the details of the cell contours. Whereas a conventional bright-field microscope illuminates the sample from below, the microscope used by the Stuttgart-based scientists measures the reflection of light on the cell surface. This differs according to whether the light falls directly on a cell or first hits an aqueous cell culture medium and then a cell. The reflected light permits the study of even minute structures on the cell surface.
“Analysis of the fractal geometry of cell surfaces promises great potential for clinical diagnostics,” says Spatz. The scientists are now investigating possible clinical applications for their method. They are studying different malignant cell lines and primary cells, i.e., cells that are taken directly from human organs and, in contrast to tumour cell lines, have a limited culture lifespan. “Our next step is to seek cooperation with clinics, in order to test the method directly on relevant tissue samples,” Joachim Spatz explains.
NG/KH/PH
File photo of Satyam Computer founder B R Raju
Closing the five-and-a-half year long probe into the country's biggest corporate fraud, markets regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India or Sebi today barred erstwhile Satyam Computer's founder B Ramalinga Raju and four others from markets for 14 years and asked them to return Rs 1,849 crore worth of unlawful gains with interest.
The money needs to be deposited with Sebi within 45 days, while interest would be levied at 12 per cent per annum with effect from January 7, 2009 -- the day this mega-scam came to the light through a letter written by Mr Raju himself.
The others facing the prohibitory orders include Mr Raju's brother B Rama Raju (then managing director of Satyam), Vadlamani Srinivas (ex-CFO), G Ramakrishna (ex-vice president) and VS Prabhakara Gupta (ex-head of Internal Audit).
In its 65-page order, effective immediately, Sebi said these five persons "have committed a sophisticated white collar financial fraud with pre-meditated and well thought of plan and deliberate design for personal gains and to the detriment of the company and investors in its securities".
The regulator, which has exercised the powers given to it through promulgation of an ordinance for passing disgorgement orders, further said that the "financial frauds as found in this case are inimical to the interests of the investors in securities and endanger the market integrity".
Sebi's whole-time member Rajeev Kumar Agarwal said in his order, "I am convinced that this is a case where befitting enforcement action is necessary to send a stern message to the market to create an effective deterrence."
On January 7, 2009, Mr Raju - the then chairman of Satyam Computer - had sent an email to the Sebi, wherein he admitted and confessed to inflating the cash and bank balances of the company, besides understating liabilities and other financial mis-statements.
After the fraud came to the light, the government had ordered an auction for sale of the company in the interest of investors and employees of what was known at that time as the country's fourth largest IT firm.
The company was acquired by Tech Mahindra, then renamed as Mahindra Satyam and eventually it was merged with Tech Mahindra.
According to Sebi, the Raju brothers have made 'unlawful gains' to the tune of Rs 543.93 crore from sale of shares and Rs 1,258.88 crore by way of pledging of some shares.
Besides, Mr Srinivas, Mr Ramakrishna and Mr Gupta have made 'unlawful gains' worth Rs 29.5 crore, Rs 11.5 crore and Rs 5.12 crore respectively through sale of shares.
Sebi said the actual financial results remained within their knowledge and possession but false and misleading financial results were published.
The information about actual periodical financial results of Satyam, therefore, remained 'unpublished price sensitive information' (UPSI) during the relevant time.Ramalinga Raju and Rama Raju, being the chairman and managing director, respectively, of Satyam Computers at the relevant times, were 'insiders', while Mr Srinivas, Mr Ramakrishna and Mr Gupta, being under 'connected persons', were actively involved in manipulation of books of account and misstating of the financials of Satyam.They were in possession of the UPSI, sold and pledged (in the garb of loan transaction) the shares of Satyam to derive gain on the basis of the same. They took advantage of the high valuation which had been given to Satyam by the market as it was not aware of the true financial position of the company, the regulator said."The true, fair, adequate and timely disclosures of the financial position of a company form one of the basic tenets of governance in listed firms and are essential for maintaining the integrity of securities market," Sebi said."In this case, the noticees (Raju and four other officials), apart from above contraventions, have failed to observe their fiduciary duties and have violated the principles of corporate governance in general and the obligation of CEO/CFO certification stipulated in clause 49 of the Listing Agreement, in particular," it added.Consequently, Sebi said, it has "prohibited them from buying, selling or otherwise dealing in securities, directly or indirectly, or being associated with the securities market in any manner, whatsoever, for a period of 14 years".The countdown for Satyam and its founder began on December 16, 2008, when the software firm announced its intent to acquire a 51 per cent stake in Maytas Infra Ltd and a 100 per cent stake in Maytas Properties, promoted by Mr Raju's sons - Teja Raju and Rama Raju - for around $1.6 billion.The deal was severely opposed by other investors in the company, forcing Mr Raju to call off the proposed acquisition within a day of the announcement, on December 17, 2008.Then, on January 7, 2009, Mr Raju resigned from the Satyam board after saying he had been falsifying the earnings and assets of the company for years.His letter to the board said he tried to sell the two promoter-related firms to Satyam in a final attempt to plug "fictitious" cash on the company's balance sheet. Soon after the fraud came to light, Mr Raju was arrested for massive accounting fraud but was granted bail in November 2011.
Week 3 isn't fully in the books just yet, but the Los Angeles Rams will be underdogs for the first time this season when they travel to Dallas on Sunday afternoon. Despite the fact that the Cowboys have yet to play their third game of the season – they take on the Cardinals on Monday night – Dallas is favored by eight points over the Rams, according to Vegas Insider.
That line will undoubtedly change in the next day or so, regardless of the outcome of Monday night's game. If the Cowboys blow out the Cardinals, that spread could grow larger. Unlikely, but it's possible.
If the Cardinals dominate Dallas the way the Broncos did in Week 2, the spread will drop dramatically. It's unlikely the Rams enter this one as favorites, since the games in Dallas, but that number should definitely drop.
It's already dropped since the line opened, moving from 9.5 to eight points. That's still a large gap between two teams that haven't looked substantially different. In fact, the Rams have looked like a solid team through three games, leading the NFL in points scored up to this point.
Not that it means anything, but the Rams beat Dallas in Week 1 of the preseason, 13-10.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
REMEMBER Japan's zero interest rates? America is almost there too. Since October 29th, the target for the federal funds rate has been at 1%, but the rate at which funds actually change hands, known as the “effective rate”, has averaged around 0.25% (see chart).
The Federal Reserve does not always hit its target on the nose but the size of the gap is extraordinary. If it persists, any decision to lower the target further would be meaningless since it would not affect the rate banks actually pay.
Normally, the Fed keeps the funds rate on target by draining from or adding to the reserves that the banks hold with it. But the Fed has extended huge loans to banks and others to loosen up the credit markets, creating more reserves than it can drain. So to keep the fed funds rate up, it has, since November 6th, been paying interest on excess reserves at the full target rate of 1%.
Even so, the effective rate remains stubbornly low. One explanation is that the quasi-governmental home-loan banks and mortgage agencies have been lending to banks at rock-bottom rates. Another is that there are so few transactions that the effective rate has become an imprecise gauge.
The irony is that, were the gap to disappear, there would be a de facto tightening of monetary policy. On the other hand, if the effective rate remains near zero, the Fed will have to turn to more unconventional means of stimulating growth. Michael Feroli of JPMorgan Chase proposes outright purchases of mortgage-backed securities—another faint echo of Japan.
Cablevision customers might lose access to ABC on March 7 if the two companies are unable to come to an agreement over licensing fees.
Cable companies like Cablevision pay TV stations for the right to broadcast their content. ABC is arguing that Cablevision charges its customers for access to ABC content but does not give ABC any of that money. Cablevision contends that it already pays Disney  which owns ABC  more than $200 million per year, but Disney now wants an extra $40 million for the same content.
"For the past two years we have tried, without success, to reach an agreement with Cablevision to carry ABC7. Why? Because Cablevision's position is that ABC7 is worth little to nothing to its business and its proposed offers have been consistently unreasonable and unrealistic," ABC said on a newly launched Web site, saveabc7.com.
ABC is included in Cablevision's broadcast basic tier, ABC said, which can cost users up to $18 each month. "What your bill doesn't show is how much Cablevision pays us for these programs. The answer: They pay nothing. That's right...Cablevision charges you for ABC7 and then keeps ALL the money," ABC said.
Cablevision has a different outlook on the situation. "Cablevision already pays Disney more than $200 million per year to carry its channels; now Disney wants a 20 percent fee increase for exactly the same programming," Cablevision wrote on its own Web site.
Cablevision argued that the increased fees would amount to a "new TV tax for the same programming that is available today for free over the air and on the Internet."
Cablevision said its executives traveled to Disney offices in California earlier this month to discuss the deal, and also held meetings in Bethpage and New York this week, but to no avail.
"We have made numerous proposals, all of which have been rejected. We have asked Disney to continue to make its programming available to our customers while we continue to negotiate," Cablevision said.
This is just the latest battle between a cable company and TV network over fees. Earlier this year, HGTV and the Food Network went dark on Cablevision for three weeks when Cablevision and Scripps Network Interactive, which owns the networks, could not reach an agreement over fees.
Scripps is also still negotiating with Time Warner Cable over similar fees.
Fox threatened to pull its programming from Time Warner on New Year's Eve over the same issue. The two companies extended their talks and reached a deal late on New Year's Day.
In 2008, Viacom and Time Warner also battled over fees, and reached a deal at the eleventh hour.
TOLEDO, OH - University of Toledo athletic director Mike O'Brien said on Sunday that he has made a formal written request to Mid-American Conference Commissioner Jon Steinbrecher asking that he request the Big East Conference to vacate Syracuse's 33-30 overtime win over Toledo on Saturday and award the victory to the Rockets.
The controversy began late in the contest following an apparently missed extra point by the Orange with 2:07 to play. Officials on the field ruled the extra point good, giving Syracuse a 30-27 lead. Replay officials reviewed the extra point and confirmed the ruling on the field. Toledo tied the score, 30-30, on a last-second field goal, and the Orange won in overtime, 33-30, on a field goal of its own.
However, Big East Conference coordinator of football officiating Terry McAulay later issued a statement that both the officials on the field and in the replay booth ruled incorrectly on the play. McAulay blamed the mistake on the replay officials looking at replays from sideline cameras instead of the more accurate end zone camera, and said he was "confident that our officiating staff will learn from this situation in order to prevent a reoccurrence."
"I requested of our Mid-American Conference commissioner, Jon Steinbrecher, that he contact the Big East Conference relative to yesterday's UT-Syracuse game, and ask that the win be vacated and awarded to the University of Toledo," said O'Brien. "I want to make cetain that everyone is aware that this was not a missed holding call. This is about a call that was missed on the field--that happens. However, the opportunity was given to the replay officials to correct it, and it was not. The play was reviewed by the Big East Conference and they indicated that it was an incorrect call and put out a statement to that effect.
"I realize this is most likely unprecented," O'Brien continued. "(But) I think it's important we show our football team that we truly support them, that we show our football coach and his staff we're here for them and support them and tell our fan base that it wasn't a situation where the University of Toledo just lays down."
UT head coach Tim Beckman said that while errors are part of the game, the use of technology brings a different expectation.
"The game of football has numerous human errors throughout a game--players, coaches and officials are all a part of these. That's football. But when you add technology to a call, and it is not used properly, it is an injustice. The use of instant replay is there to make a call right."
O'Brien said that he has not received a reply from either the MAC or the Big East regarding the appeal.
Ever since the Brexit campaign promised to “take back control” of Britain, it's been quite apparent that nostalgia has taken the front seat in British politics. The latest evidence: a plan for an identity card, backed up by an entry on a Home Office database, for European Union citizens who choose to stay in the UK and acquire “settled status”.
You don't need to travel very far back in time, however, to find the last incarnation of identity cards in British political debate. When a scheme to roll them out was introduced by the then Labour government in 2006, they were despised by human rights campaigners and Tories alike. It was only in 2010 that a Tory and Liberal Democrat coalition made unceremoniously scrapping them one of its very first tasks in office.
Brexit: EU citizens living in UK will have to join special ID register Read more
In those days, David Davis was not the Brexit secretary – the existence of such a job then was beyond even Nigel Farage's wildest dreams. But he was a passionate opponent of intrusive government policy.
Such was Davis's strength of opposition to ID cards – which he powerfully denounced as the “database state” – that he resigned his position as shadow home secretary in 2008 over the erosion of civil liberties. Those were strange and counter-intuitive times, when you had to rely on Tory libertarians to stick up for human rights. Perhaps the only thing predictable about 2017 so far is that rightwing populists such as Davis have now reverted to a state of illiberalism.
The possible new system of ID cards – part of Theresa May's offer on EU citizens' rights revealed this week – would apply to all EU nationals lucky enough to be granted “settled status” in the UK. A policy paper states that these EU nationals will have their details stored in a central Home Office database. Whether the data will be carried on an ID card or remain an entry on the register has yet to be decided.
It is also beside the point. The main opposition to ID cards, as championed by none other than Davis, has always been the existence of the central database itself, whether or not its data is reproduced in a shiny bit of plastic.
“It is not the job of government to collect and store vast amounts of biographical and biometric data belonging to innocent people,” said Damian Green, who also passionately campaigned against ID cards before enjoying his current role as first secretary of state and minister for the cabinet office.
Davis went further, attacking the discriminatory nature of the way ID cards were introduced. “It is typical of this government to kickstart their misguided and intrusive ID scheme with students and foreigners, those who have no choice but to accept the cards,” he lamented. “It marks the start of the introduction of compulsory ID cards for all by stealth.”
Typical indeed. Now that Davis, Green and others are in office, EU nationals will be singled out for differential treatment by exactly the kind of database they once so opposed. It's the kind of selective discrimination against non-British people that so many who voted against Brexit feared would happen next.
This principle is paramount. But there are more practical concerns with identity databases of this kind too. The cost of Labour's £85m scheme drew the ire of Tories in opposition – how much will the new version cost? And what about the security implications?
Davis helpfully explained these implications – which he called the “honey-pot problem” – in some detail when in opposition. “Because they are so valuable,” he said, “they attract the malevolent attention of large numbers of hackers, fraudsters, criminals and even terrorists. Under sustained attack, even such sophisticated organisations as Microsoft and the Pentagon have succumbed, so what chance the Home Office?”
Theresa May claimed her offer to EU citizens would be ‘generous'. It isn't | Catherine Barnard Read more
In a year when the NHS was among the public institutions around the globe that was paralysed by one of the worst ransomware attacks in history, in a week when MPs were locked out of their email because of an allegedly state-sponsored hack, it is worth asking why the Conservatives feel so much more confident in the British government's cyber-security arrangements now than they did in 2006. “Most ministers are very illiterate about any serious technology,” Davis complained back then. It's another complaint that has lost none of its merit over time.
Davis's main defence, faced with inevitable allegations of hypocrisy, is that the potential new ID card is actually not an ID card, because the EU nationals forced to have it would not actually be required to carry it around. “It is rather like your birth certificate,” he suggests.
Perhaps Davis is hoping that, in his Damascene conversion from defender of civil liberties to something else entirely, he won't be alone in appearing to have been born again.
