ANAHEIM, CA - NOVEMBER 07: Los Angeles Kings goalie Jonathan Quick (32) and center Brooks Laich (25) celebrate after the Kings defeated the Anaheim Ducks in overtime 4 to 3 in a game played on November 7, 2017 at the Honda Center in Anaheim, CA. (Photo by John Cordes/Icon Sportswire via Getty Images)
The Kings continued their winning ways on Tuesday night, downing Anaheim in overtime. It wasn't easy though, as they had to overcome a 2-0 deficit early on.
The Los Angeles Kings found themselves in unfamiliar territory for the season on Tuesday night, as they were down early to the Ducks 2-0. After a flurry of hits and shots on goal, Anaheim had put up two goals just 13 minutes into the game. Those goals were from Sami Vatanen and Jared Boll, though Vatanen's was literally as a power play expired.
Los Angeles began it's comeback with a goal by Kopitar, as Iafallo intercepted a pass to get the play going. That would goal essentially end a very exciting first period. The Ducks led off the scoring in the second period, as Rickard Rakell scored with 5 minuted remaining in the period. The goal was contested by Los Angeles,as a Ducks defender was essentially on top of Quick on the shot. The call stood though, and Anaheim carried a 3-1 lead. Adrian Kempe countered with a goal of his own, his seventh on the season.
The third period was an exciting one, with plenty of shots and hits between the two teams. Dustin Brown would eventually tie up the game on a power play goal, assisted beautifully by Alex Iafallo. That goal came 6 minutes into the third, and the score would stay the same through regulation. There was a goal by Dustin Brown, but the call was reversed due to Drew Doughty being offside. There was another play in the period where Anaheim's goalie got his helmet knocked off, and had to exit for concussion protocol. Unfortunately, Los Angeles couldn't take advantage of the backup goalie Ryan Miller. Miller blocked all nine shots that came his way until overtime.
In overtime, the Kings fired shot after shot against the backup, not scoring until the very last minute of overtime play. The final play of the game came when Nick Shore scored off of an assist from Dustin Brown, cementing the win for Los Angeles. The Kings are now 11-2-2, and are well into first place in their division. Los Angeles will meet up with Anaheim, who is now 6-6-3, four more times this season.
Moments That Mattered:
Early in the second period, Jonathan Quick found himself in the middle of a fight with Anaheim winger Corey Perry. Perry got into the crease a little too far, and Quick took exception to it. In the scuffle, the Kings' goaltender lost his helmet, but appeared to be fine. Jonathan Quick finished with 33 saves, but he continues to struggle as of late. Over his past two games, Quick has allowed six goals.
Dutch girl, Sabine Wortelboer, 15, has been shown an overwhelming amount of support after posting her last wish on Facebook, receiving 33,000 cards from well-wishers from around the Netherlands.
Ms Wortelboer was diagnosed with a rare brain tumour last year and is dying of terminal brain cancer.
After the diagnosis her TV-presenter brother Sol, and her family, put together a crowd funding campaign to fly to the United States for specialised treatment.
They raised the funds and she was able to fly to Houston for treatment which initially seemed to have worked.
But after a gastrointestinal illness meant she was no longer able to take the medication, her cancer returned, the Dutch tabloid Algemeen Dagblad reported.
Ms Wortelboer took to Facebook to write a final post last week where she said the result of her latest MRI scan ‘was really bad' and the tumour continues to grow.
"After the result I've decided to stop all medication. It's not going to work anymore.
"I would really like it people, for the last time, can send me a whole bunch of cards," said the petite blonde, who included her home address."
In the following days, some 33,000 cards had arrived at her doorstep.
Video posted online shows crate after crate being delivered to her family home by the Dutch postal service, which had to employ a special team just to sort through the mass of cards, according to Dutch broadcaster RTLNieuws.
Sabine has thanked the well-wishers in a final blog post: "I think it's time to say goodbye.
Recently, we published a list of the most outstanding teachers in adult fiction, but now it's time to turn the spotlight on the teachers of children's literature! We asked NYPL librarians to share the children's books with the best teacher characters and to tell us what makes them extraordinary. From Mrs. Baker of The Wednesday Wars to Miss Anne in Anne of Avonlea, these characters' lessons go beyond reading, writing and 'rithmetic.
Lily's Purple Plastic Purse by Kevin Henkes
Lilly loves everything about school, especially her cool teacher, Mr. Slinger. But when Lilly brings her purple plastic purse and its treasures to school and can't wait until sharing time, Mr. Slinger confiscates her prized possessions. Lilly's fury leads to revenge and then to remorse and she sets out to make amends.
Miss Nelson is Missing by Harry Allard
The students in room 207 are not listening to their kind teacher Miss Nelson. When the witchy substitute Miss Viola Swamp appears, they begin to regret their wicked ways.
The Chronicles of Chrestomanci, Volume 1: (Charmed Life / The Lives of Christopher Chant) by Diana Wynne Jones
The Chants are a family strong in magic, but neither Christopher Chant nor Cat Chant can work even the simplest of spells.
Sideways Stories from Wayside School by Louis Sachar
Wayside School is thirty stories high, one classroom on top of another. Maybe that's why all kinds of funny things happen at Wayside - especially on the thirteenth floor.
Flying Solo by Ralph Fletcher
When the substitute for a sixth-grade class never shows up, the students set out to prove that they can run the class by themselves.
Thank You Mr. Falker by Patricia Polacco
When Trisha starts school, she can't wait to learn how to read, but the letters just get jumbled up. In fifth grade, Mr. Falker changes everything.
What's the Matter in Mr. Whiskers Room by Michael Elsohn Ross
Everyone's a scientist in Mr. Whiskers' class, where hands-on experiments lead to a lifelong love for independent discovery.
Wonder by R. J. Palacio
August Pullman was born with a difference that has prevented him from attending public school, until the fifth grade when he will start at Beecher Prep. He wants nothing more than to fit in.
Minnie McClary Speaks Her Mind by Valerie Hobbs
Miss Marks takes over Minnie's class and encourages the students to think critically about everything. They write their thoughts and questions in journals. Some people in town wonder why Miss Marks is encouraging students to ask these questions and just what, exactly, she's teaching.
Because of Mr. Terupt by Rob Buyea
Mr. Terupt knows how to deal with his class of very different students. He makes the classroom a fun place, even if he doesn't let them get away with much. One snowy day an accident changes everything—and everyone.
The Year of Miss Agnes by Kirpatrick Hill
Most teachers who come to their one-room schoolhouse in remote, Alaska do not last long. Life is hard in remote Alaska. But Miss Agnes is different.
Love That Dog by Sharon Creech
Jack hates poetry and his teacher won't stop giving poetry assignments. But then something amazing happens. The more he writes, the more he learns he does have something to say.
The World According to Humphrey by Betty Birney
A classroom Hamster learns to read and write and sleeps over at a different student's home every weekend.
Anne of Avonlea by L.M. Montgomery
Anne was a precocious student, so you can only imagine her adventures as a new schoolteacher!
The Wednesday Wars by Gary Schmidt
Holling Hoodhood, seventh-grader and anti-hero must spend Wednesday afternoons with his teacher, Mrs. Baker, while the rest of the class has religious instruction. Holling is convinced Mrs. Baker does not like him because she makes him read Shakespeare.
The View from Saturday by E. L. Konigsburg
How had Mrs. Olinski chosen her sixth-grade Academic Bowl team? They won the sixth grade bowl and went on to beat the seventh and eighth teams. How did she select just the right mix?
Miss Brooks Loves Books (and I Don't) by Barbara Bottner
Book Week is here and Miss Brooks is determined to find a book Missy will love if they have to empty the entire library.
Frindle by Andrew Clements
Who says a pen has to be called a pen? Why not call it a frindle?
Scat by Carl Hiaasen
Bunny Starch, the most feared biology teacher ever, is missing. She disappeared after a school field trip to Black Vine Swamp. And, to be honest, the kids in her class are relieved.
Armando and the Blue Tarp School by Edith Hope Fine
Armando's family work as trash pickers, searching the trash for things they can use or sell. When Senor David arrives and begins teaching school on a blue tarp spread on the ground, Armando is given the chance to learn to read and write and draw.
Blockchain continues to move forward in popularity. A number of entrepreneurs around the world are adopting blockchain payments, and it's spurring innovation, as well as bringing cryptocurrencies like bitcoin closer to the public.
Bitcoin ATMs
Different banking concerns in Europe have been developing, using blockchain technology as part of their makeup. The number of ATMs in Europe (and the world) that will exchange bitcoin are growing.
This can be helpful if you are traveling and want to change out your bitcoin for local currency.
There are even bitcoin ATMs in the United States if you know where to look.
The rise of bitcoin ATMs and a greater interest in blockchain payments mean that more people are paying attention. While cryptocurrency has a way to go before it becomes completely mainstream, it is making significant strides.
These ATMs make it easier than ever to convert bitcoin into other currencies. Plus, it could also mean more cryptocurrencies will be included in the future.
Even though we focus a lot on bitcoin, the reality is that there are plenty of other cryptocurrencies as well.
Decentralized Blockchain Platform
Last year, the cryptocurrency Nxt launched its scalable blockchain platform, Ardor. This year, Ardor is even more widely available and is in beta-testing to the public.
The idea behind Ardor is that it is an easier way to manage blockchain applications. The idea is that anyone, from individuals to businesses, can use it to complete transactions.
There is multi-step functionality built in, requiring parties to agree to certain conditions before completing transactions. That way, it's possible to verify work before sending payment. On top of that, Ardor also allows automatic transactions, making it easier to set up recurring payments.
Nxt isn't the only company doing this, either. There are other companies looking to build on blockchain payment platforms in an effort to make them more open and accessible for business applications on a global scale.
Wider Adoption of Blockchain Technology
With so many innovations in blockchain technology, it's not surprising that more people are adopting it.
There are a lot of secure transactions available with blockchain technology, and it also makes for the ability to engage on a global scale. After all, you don't have to worry about exchange rates when using cryptocurrency.
There are a number of secure transactions that can take place with blockchain technology, though. Not just financial transactions (although right now cryptocurrency transactions are the main focus).
As more companies and individuals use blockchain technology for business and personal transactions, it will become more popular.
There's so much that can be done, from contract enforcement to signatures to promotions. It might surprise you how useful this technology can be.
Innovation for the Future
As long as blockchain technology continues to grow in popularity, innovation will move forward.
Demand for security, flexibility, and convenience are driving the blockchain revolution. Transparency is also playing a role since many of these technologies also include public ledgers.
As technology improves, and as more businesses and individuals look for efficient and secure ways to complete their transactions — financial and otherwise — we're likely to see more growth in blockchain and cryptocurrency.
Dear husband,
I've always believed that we should take responsibility for our own actions. And then I became pregnant with your baby. Now I don't know what I believe anymore.
I know there have been times when I haven't been myself during this pregnancy. Perhaps you've noticed the subtle shifts in my moods (subtle like a club across your face). Maybe you were blindsided, insulted or afraid. I just want you to know that my pregnancy hormones made me do it – I can't be held responsible. Allow me to explain.
Pregnancy hormones are like an alternate personality that appears when something goes awry, like when our Wi-Fi runs slow. It says to me, “Step aside, sweetheart. We have two options. We can restart the modem or we can lose our damn minds. I recommend we lose our damn minds. Follow my lead – I'll start by throwing your iPad.”
The first time my “alternate personality” (I call her Tina, feel free to address her by name as well) got me into a scuffle with you, I noticed you initially argued back as if you were arguing with me and not Tina. Rookie mistake, but we're both new at this so it's understandable. At one point it dawned on you that something wasn't quite right. You probably discovered I've been taken over by something else when I burst into tears and said, “… and then you ate the last piece of pizza without even asking me first! It was SUPREME! You don't even LIKE supreme!” Taken over by something more drunk-like, wild-eyed, and desperate.
As an aside, eating the last piece of pizza without so much as a courtesy announcement was cruel. I guess you and Tina both have your faults.
You see, pregnancy hormones are somewhat on par with PMS, except Tina tends to have more raw passion with a “Never give up, never surrender!” warrior spirit. Someone wise once told me an influx of a woman's hormones isn't a sign that she's being crazy and irrational, but rather that she's losing the filters that are often in place to help keep the peace. This unfiltered realness is actually an asset if you think about it. In fact, some Native American tribesmen would honor menstruating, hormonal women and call on them for advice, insight and guidance.
In other words, when I'm hormonally out of control, I'm actually a spiritual genius. Please remember that next time.
Regardless, Tina is admittedly rather new for the both of us, so we're in this together. She doesn't just show up out of the blue to wreak havoc, rather, she tends to appear when I feel slighted or if a situation is frustrating.
The last time she noticed you were toying with a nerve, she suddenly appeared and said, “Is there a problem here?”
I'm not sure what she might have said after that because I was in a hormonal haze. All I know is I had to apologize for Tina after I got over it. And by “get over it,” I mean forgot why I was in a fury in the first place.
Then there have been other times Tina has intervened. Like that one time I was washing all the bath towels and I noticed you had just gotten dressed after a shower. Confused, I asked, “What did you use to dry off? All the towels are in the washer.”
Then, casually (salt in the wound) you said, “I used your robe.”
My robe. My fluffy, beloved bathrobe that I use to dry off my body. At this point it barely even closes around my belly, leaving me fully exposed to the stiff autumn breeze funneling through my bedroom window, but it's mine and it's fluffy and it's personal and it's mine!
That's when Tina stepped in and Tina don't play. “Please tell me you didn't use my robe.”
“Yeah, what's the problem?”
“What's the problem?! It's my personal robe that you just rubbed all over your jewels! You might as well burn it! It's ruined. RUINED!”
“So what if I dried myself off with it, I was all clean!” I could see you were flustered, probably by your own selfishness. You were definitely no match for Tina.
“I use my robe to dry off my face. MY FACE! You've turned my robe into a butt towel that I use on my face!” It was then Tina took things into her own hands, grabbed the wet towels out of the washer, dumped them at your feet and said, “Next time, use one of these!” and stormed out of the room.
Shortly after, I re-entered and put them all in the dryer. I know Tina was trying to make a point, but I was worried they'd start to mildew.
Then of course, there was that one time you almost had me killed. While we shopped at Target, you went on and on about how your protective instincts were heightened and you wanted to wreck fools who could possibly pose a danger to me, like the teenager who almost hit me with his cart. Then as we were leaving the store, instead of helping to guide me safely across a busy intersection, you darted to the other side, leaving me waddling in your wake, vulnerable to crazed shoppers in SUVs. Tina arrived immediately. All you could say was, “I'm sorry babe, your side to side waddle is so unbelievably slow, I have a hard time remembering you can't keep up.”
“Oh hell no,” Tina said to me. “Girl, hold my earrings.”
The man who just claimed to be haunted by a desperate need to protect me and his unborn child just ran across the street to save his own butt and left me there to die in a parking lot. Tina was speechless. Well, until she got in the car and then couldn't stop going on and on about how appalled she was, complete with grandiose gestures and pronouncements.
To be honest, after a while I sort of wanted her to shut up too, but I'm afraid of her so I just let her do her thing.
There are probably many more examples I could share, but I don't want us to live in the past. I just wanted to explain things a little and apologize on Tina's behalf. She means well, she just wants to protect me whilst simultaneously making me feel like I'm losing my freaking mind. For some reason this is a normal hormonal part of creating another human being. I don't question it, I just hold on and brace myself while the storm passes.
For the record, you've been wonderful, kind, patient and loving. I can tell you think I'm so beautiful (probably because you never shut up about it) even when I feel like a beached whale in maternity yoga pants. Other than the time you basically left me defenseless in the middle of traffic, you're my hero. There's no other man Tina and I would rather be with. We love you.
And she's sorry.
Article Posted 5 years Ago
You can still follow along in the examples with the redacted version of the database . Email me if you're interested in using the data for research purposes.
I'm making the data collected from the Putnam site available for download as a SQLite database . However I have set the birthdate days to 01 and truncated the first names. Yes, this is public information. But this is a programming lesson, not a live mirror of the sheriff's data and thus will not reflect any recent updates that the official site might make.
As in previous scraping examples, we'll start out by downloading every page of data to the hard drive to parse later.
In the case of the Putnam County jail archive, there are two steps in the downloading phase:
Scrape the history lists
The Putnam County jail archive can be accessed at this address: http://public.pcso.us/jail/history.aspx
There are two search fields for first and last name. The functionality of the query is generous: if you enter % as a wildcard, you can return the entire archive (paginated with 25 entries per page).
At the bottom of each results page are links to the next 10 pages:
Unfortunately, the site does not have any deep links to the results. In fact, if you inspect the links with your web inspector (you did read that chapter, right?), you'll see that the links don't contain actual URLs. Instead, they contain JavaScript code:
I've highlighted the relevant part of the link; the href attribute:
<a style="color:#333333;" href=" javascript:__doPostBack('MyGridView','Page%247') ">7</a>
When a link is clicked, the JavaScript inside its href attribute specifies that a method called __doPostBack . The webpage's already-loaded JS knows to expect this method call, which triggers a process that generates the server request for the next page.
To refresh your memory, in my big picture guide to web-scraping, this JS processing is Step #2. But remember that it's not worth poring over JS files (to figure out what __doPostBack actually does) when instead, you can use your web inspector to see the request sent by the browser after the JS does its magic (Step #3)
Looks pretty straightforward, right? That Page$5 attribute clearly comes from the JavaScript inside a given link. Can we just iterate through every integer from 1 to whatever?
Unfortunately not. The sheriff's search form has some tricky fields to deal with. I've highlighted them in the screenshots below.
You can even see that there are <input> tags where the type is "hidden" . The data values stored here are not visible in the browser-rendered page. Take special note of the hidden field with the id of __VIEWSTATE :
__VIEWSTATE becomes a sizeable parameter in the POST request:
Session-tracking with hidden variables inside the form
This Putnam County site uses a search form with hidden variables to keep track of the user session. Because the search form submits the user's search terms with a POST request, there's no ability to directly-link to results.
This type of session-tracking, as described by Wikipedia:
Another form of session tracking is to use web forms with hidden fields. This technique is very similar to using URL query strings to hold the information and has many of the same advantages and drawbacks; and if the form is handled with the HTTP GET method, the fields actually become part of the URL the browser will send upon form submission. But most forms are handled with HTTP POST, which causes the form information, including the hidden fields, to be appended as extra input that is neither part of the URL, nor of a cookie.
The upshot for us is that the sheriff's webserver knows the page number we're currently accessing and uses this to limit how far we can jump ahead in the results list. If we have requested page 12 of the results, it will only let us access pages 10, 11, and 13 through 21. Submitting Page$300 as a parameter for page 300 will be rejected.
I'm not an expert on backend design. But my guess is that the those gibberish values in the hidden field of __VIEWSTATE are used by the server as a simple form of authentication. Each page's form has a unique value and so the backend script can tell if you're submitting an out-of-bounds page request.
It should be easy to wrap up the form values in a hash and submit using RestClient.post . But maybe my guess is wrong and the sheriff's website is detecting state through cookies. Rather than spend 15 minutes trying to satisfy my curiosity, I've decided to just use Mechanize, which handles all the details of acting like a browser, including properly submitting forms, clicking buttons, and consuming cookies.
I've started writing a chapter on Mechanize, yet to be finished. I try to use it as a last-resort because I like figuring out website operations on my own. But if time and blood pressure levels are a consideration, go with Mechanize.
Here's the scraping code in its entirety. I can't do a better job of explaining Mechanize's methods than its homepage, so I'll leave it to you to read the documentation if you're curious about its range of functionality.
The one hack I use is to keep track of the farthest results page I've visited to prevent an infinite loop when the scraper reaches the 590th-or-so page.
Creation of Oahu's First Pedestrian Plan underway as Bicycle Master Plan is updated
Honolulu – The City and County of Honolulu Department of Transportation Services (DTS) is excited to announce the creation of the first O‘ahu Pedestrian Plan and an update of the 2012 Bicycle Master Plan.
The Pedestrian Plan will be a long-term action plan to create vibrant, safe, and accessible streetscapes that serve as a model for the nation. The Pedestrian Plan will begin with an island-wide inventory of existing pedestrian facilities to document their condition and quality. The inventory will be followed by technical recommendations for sidewalk and public realm improvements that are consistent with the City and County of Honolulu's Complete Streets Ordinance. The final task includes a prioritization of improvements that enhance mobility, connectivity, and safety for pedestrians.
The Bicycle Master Plan, also called the O‘ahu Bike Plan, guides the implementation of bikeway improvements and supports the growth of bicycling as a safe and convenient transportation option. The first publication of the plan was in 2012. The current update will include a low-stress network of bikeways for existing and prospective bike riders with a wide range of skill levels.
Public participation is critical to ensuring these plans address your needs. For community meeting dates, to provide feedback, and to subscribe to our mailing list, please visit the respective project pages below or visit the Complete Streets homepage at: www.honolulu.gov/completestreets
Community engagement is important to ensure the Department of Transportation Services develops recommendations that reflect community needs and character.
For questions and/or comments on the O‘ahu Pedestrian Plan, please contact Nicola Szibbo, Transportation Planner at (808) 768-8359. For questions and/or comments on the O‘ahu Bike Plan update, please contact Chris Sayers, Bicycle Coordinator, at (808) 768-8335.
-END-
Mitragyna speciosa (Rubiaceae), commonly known as kratom, is a tropical tree with a long history of traditional use in parts of Africa and Southeast Asia. In recent years, kratom has gained popularity for use as a recreational drug across the globe. Relatively new to the illicit market and used in a manner different from its traditional applications, preparations of kratom are touted by many as a safe and legal psychoactive product that improves mood, relieves pain, and may provide benefits in opiate addiction. Available literature was reviewed for M. speciosa via PubMed, Google Scholar, CINAHL, and EBSCO to summarize its traditional uses, phytochemical composition, pharmacology and toxicology of proposed active constituents, and potential for misuse and abuse. Research has demonstrated that both stimulant and sedative dose-dependent effects do exist, but a growing concern for the drug's effects and safety of use has resulted in national and international attention primarily due to an increase in hospital visits and deaths in several countries that are said to have been caused by extracts of the plant. The main active alkaloid substances in kratom, mitragynine and 7-hydroxymitragynine, present with a range of CNS stimulant and depressant effects mediated primarily through monoaminergic and opioid receptors. Recently, Palm Beach County, located in the southeastern corridor of Florida, has considered regulating kratom due to public safety concerns following the death of a young adult. At the local, state, and even federal levels, governments are now being confronted with the task of determining the safety and the possible regulation of kratom extracts. There are currently no standard analytical screening techniques for mitragynine and its metabolites following ingestion limiting its detection to more sophisticated techniques like liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry to determine kratom use. The growing concern of the abuse potential of kratom requires careful evaluation of its benefits and potential toxicities.
A year ago, I was freezing my ass off in Antarctica, stuck on The Ice as a “winterover.” Those of us who spend winters in Antarctica get an up close and personal look at the worst nature can throw at a person—some very cold, dark, windy extremes. Six months in the coldest, driest (windiest, emptiest) place on Earth can take a toll on you, and I was looking for a way to recharge. So, as I whiled away the winter dreaming of warm places and sunny adventures, the idea to kayak from one island to another in a tropical paradise was born.
I spent my days supporting scientific research, but in my spare time, I was doing research of my own—looking at pictures of sandy-shored islands and determining where I could kayak. I settled on the Exumas in the Bahamas. The Exuma Islands consist of over 300 cays that stretch about 100 miles from top to bottom. I figured a week of paddling there would do me some good and let me soak up the sun and warmth I was missing.
Thus I found myself on a plane, approaching Nassau airport, blissfully putting miles between me and The Ice. I looked out the window and admired the various shades of blue and gold that encircled the island, happy in the knowledge that in a few hours I would be surrounded by those beautiful waters—kayaking, swimming, and snorkeling to my heart's content.
I met my partner at the small airport in Nassau, and we quickly boarded an island-hopper to Great Exuma. There we connected with Out Island Explorers to rent kayaks and other gear we couldn't or didn't want to pack. The owner, Dallas, set us up with a couple of Necky Looksha touring boats. He asked about our plans for the week—where we wanted to go and what we wanted to see—and we told him we really didn't have any. Dallas just smiled and told us we were in the right place.
We drove out to Rolleville on the Northeast end of the island to begin our journey. Dallas briefed us on the charts and wished us luck as he shook our hands and we bid farewell. After organizing our haphazard pile of food, water, rum and camping gear, we packed the boats and shoved off from the beach into the most pristine turquoise waters imaginable.
The greatest part of kayaking in the Exumas is the water. It rarely reaches depths greater than three feet. Sure there are some passages between the islands where the current runs strong and the water turns a deep blue in about 30 feet of water, but it's mostly shallow, calm and protected. So, the majority of our time paddling was spent traversing shimmering sandbars, where fish and giant stingrays would glide along just below the boats.
Our first stop was a small island called Big White Cay where a small colony of semi-feral pigs inhabits the beach.
The story goes that a local who owns a nearby bar brought some pigs out to the island to encourage tourism down in the southern end of the island chain. As we pulled up the beach, we were greeted by a small horde of curious piggies. Turns out the local's plan worked. Moments after we arrived, a couple of motorboats raced up and unloaded a bunch of tourists. These tour operators bring food to the pigs and in return, their guests get to swim in the crystal water with the moderately domesticated swine. No wonder the pigs were so eager to greet us humans. It was a fun experience—for a short time—but once the pigs started to gnaw on our kayaks and deckbags, it was time to go. As we were gearing up to leave, one of the tourists approached us and asked what we were up to. In particular, he remarked about the janky gasoline-filled water jug strapped to one of the boats (we forgot to pack an extra fuel bottle, so we had to dumpster-dive for a container). It seems the dirtbag reputation is never too far behind, no matter where you go.
We continued up the islands, and after a few hours of pleasant paddling, we pulled into Levi Cay and set up our first camp on the beach. Within the Exumas chain you're allowed to camp on most beaches. The water below the high tide line is public, so you can always land, and even though many of the cays are private, camping is either allowed, or tacitly overlooked. Thus, no matter how far you paddle or what the weather is doing, you can always find a little spot to pitch your tent (or hammock). And best of all, as long as the wind is right and you're able to find enough driftwood, having bonfires on the beach tops off every evening.
Our campsite wasn't fancy, but it was completely private, nestled among tall palm trees on a stunningly beautiful beach. After a little bit of hiking around the island, we were pretty sure we were the only humans there. We prepared some dinner, had a small bonfire, and reveled in the fact that we were in paradise. With the fire dying down, we made sure the boats were well above the tide line, and we turned in for the night.
We spent the next week in a state of perpetual awe. We island-hopped in our boats, stopping at deserted beaches each as modernly bare and picturesque as the last, yet offering something unique. We saw “blow holes” where the strong swell on the windward side of the island is forced through small cracks in the rocks making huge geysers. We paddled through tiny islets that opened into expansive mangroves with raptors and fish galore. We snorkeled the wreck of an old seaplane. And on most islands, we found lush palm trees with ripe coconuts just begging to be eaten. Our paddles turned out to be the perfect length and with a couple of well-placed whacks, we were able to knock down a few.
Of course, a machete wasn't on the packing list for this trip, so prying our green treasures open took a bit of ingenuity. After hacking away with my blunt-tipped dive knife, I was finally able to crack them open. Let me tell you, nothing tastes better than the fresh water of a well-earned coconut. By repeating the process and collecting the water into our cooking pot, we were able to turn our boring white rice into a delicious dish of coconut rice.
The rhythms of paddling in paradise were easy to grow accustomed to: rising with the sun, waking with a morning swim, eating a leisurely breakfast, and exploring small, uninhabited cays. Rarely did we see other people, and when we did, it was usually passing tourist speedboats or the occasional small yacht. In fact, only one night during our entire trip did we have to share a beach. We ran into a group of kayakers on a guided tour, and so we had a gam and swapped stories and weather beta.
Toward the end of our week, the weather turned slightly against us; a refreshing breeze blew from the North and the seas started to build. When we reached Norman's Pond Cay, we made the decision to head down to the Brigintines, a much smaller group of islands about three and half miles southwest. You can find a protected place to paddle in the Exumas in most any wind, but we had obligations to meet my family the following week, so we made the (relatively) long trek across choppy water until we tucked into the lee of Cooks Cay. We enjoyed the protected beaches and coves on the southern side of the islands as we made our way back toward Great Exuma.
The Exumas proved to be a paddler's paradise and just the antidote I needed to recover from the long, dark days of the Antarctic winter. On top of the shallow, protected, warm water full of friendly wildlife, the camping was top notch, the locals (and tourists) were incredible, and the beauty of the place was breathtaking. If you're looking for a warm-water escape, get out your lightweight gear, slap on some swim trunks, and head to the Bahamas.
Editor's Note: Guest contributor Julian Race works in Antarctica supporting research at the bottom of the planet; while not running computers and instruments on The Ice, he spends his time as an adventuring vagabond—hiking, camping, kayaking, sailing, and generally enjoying life.
by David P. Greisman
Kathy Duva of Main Events wants a fight between power-punching light heavyweights Adonis Stevenson and Sergey Kovalev to be a done deal, but it's not there quite yet.
"As far as we're concerned, we've agreed to all the terms,” said Duva, who promotes Kovalev. “I believe they have. So now it's up to him [Stevenson] to just follow through and sign the contract.”
Duva spoke with BoxingScene.com on Feb. 28.
BoxingScene.com: How much concern, if any, is there that things can change now that Stevenson has signed with Al Haymon?
Duva: “I'm not going to worry about things that I can't control. If he does, and he decides not to do this fight for some reason, Sergey Kovalev's going to have a great career. He's going to have a great career with HBO, and that is without a doubt going to happen.”
BoxingScene.com: If the Stevenson fight doesn't happen, where do you then go to build attention and demand for Kovalev?
Duva: “He's going to get that on HBO. This fight with Cedric Agnew that's happening on March 29 on HBO will be his first main event on HBO. His undercard fights have outscored most of the fights that have been on HBO last year in ratings — his undercard fight that he had in November.” [Note: Kovalev's win over Ismayl Sillakh, on the undercard to Stevenson's win over Tony Bellew, pulled in more than 1.25 million viewers, according to a report by Jake Donovan of BoxingScene.com.]
“In his first main event, I expect that we're going to have a huge audience. Sergey Kovalev is must-see TV. You have to watch him. You have to be there. I don't think since Mike Tyson there's been a fighter that's been so compelling, that's been so ferocious, who can really live up to that moniker, ‘Baddest Man on the Planet.' That's what Sergey Kovalev is.”
BoxingScene.com: In a way, has the build-up of Gennady Golovkin been a blueprint for building up Kovalev?
Duva: “I think the activity is very important. But more than anything, it's Sergey and his mentality. I read a post the other day online, and I'm going to steal it because it was fabulous. ‘Gennady Golovkin = Good Boy. Sergey Kovalev = Bad Boy.' That's what Sergey Kovalev is. People are going to follow that. They love him.”
BoxingScene.com: I know you're waiting on the contract to be signed. How long are you willing to wait before moving on to the next fight, to the next option?
Duva: “Sergey has a fight scheduled for March 29 and as I keep emphasizing, I've seen too many people look past the guy in front of him because they were looking at somebody down the line, so we are going to do everything we can to focus Sergey's attention on the fight that he has in front of him. By the time that fight happens, I have absolutely no doubt that HBO will have made it clear to the other side that they're going to have to make up their minds.
“If they decide for some reason not to go through with they deal they've agreed to, then we will move on. But I am expecting they will [agree], because Adonis is out there saying that he's going to beat Sergey up. I think it's a wonderful thing. He should come and try.”
BoxingScene.com: Is there a drop dead date, then?
Duva: “You'll have to ask HBO. That's not my decision.”
BoxingScene.com: So you'd be willing to wait, as that's the biggest fight you can make for Kovalev?
Duva: “He's fighting on March 29. By March 30 I am going to know whether or not Adonis Stevenson is fighting Sergey Kovalev next. And if he's not, we move on.”
Pick up a copy of David's new book, “Fighting Words: The Heart and Heartbreak of Boxing,” at http://bit.ly/fightingwordsamazon or internationally at http://bit.ly/fightingwordsworldwide. Send questions/comments via email at [email protected]
Amphon Tangnoppakul was known as 'Uncle SMS' after being convicted of sending defamatory text messages
A Thai man in his 60s who became known as "Uncle SMS" after he was convicted of defaming Thailand's royal family in mobile phone text messages, has died while serving his 20-year prison term, his lawyers said on Tuesday.
The case of Amphon Tangnoppakul, a grandfather who had suffered from mouth cancer, drew attention to Thailand's severe lese-majesty laws last November when he received one of the heaviest-ever sentences for someone accused of insulting the monarchy.
Amphon's cause of death was not known, but he had complained of stomach pains on Friday and was transferred to a correctional department prison, his lawyer, Anon Numpa, said.
It was not immediately clear when he died, but Amphon's wife learned the news on Tuesday during a visit to the Bangkok prison where he was being held, Anon said.
Amphon was arrested in August 2010 and accused of sending four text messages to a government official that were deemed offensive to the queen. He denied sending them, claiming he did not know how to use the SMS function on his telephone.
He wept during his court proceedings, saying: "I love the king."
The sentence was believed to be the heaviest received in a lese-majesty case because of additional penalties issued under a related law, the 2007 Computer Crimes Act.
Before his arrest, Amphon had lived in retirement with his wife, daughter-in-law and three grandchildren in a rented room in Samut Prakan province on the outskirts of Bangkok.
Overview (4)
Born June 29, 1944 in Goose Creek, Texas, USA Birth Name William Gary Busey Nickname Barry Goosey Height 6' (1.83 m)
Mini Bio (1)
Spouse (2)
trademark (3)
Often plays weird or psychotic characters with bizarre background
Gravelly voice with Texas accent
His large teeth and large smile
Trivia (27)
(January 25, 1999) Arrested and released on bail after a fight with his wife, Tiani Warden
Had a plum-sized tumor removed from his sinus cavity. [May 1997]
He appeared in the music video and sang in the choir on the song "Voices That Care".
Nearly died of head injuries in a motorcycle accident in December 1988.
Has starred with Russell Wong in the unreleased 1997 pilot episode of Hawaii Five-O (1968). This pilot episode was filmed in Hawaii, but was not released due to a decision from CBS-TV executives.
(October 4, 1999) Made a rare public appearance at the "Ray & Sharon Courts Hollywood Collectors & Celebrities Show" at the Beverly Garland Holiday Inn in North Hollywood. He sold personally autographed pictures from his own collection and charged $15.00 to take a picture with him.
Attended Pittsburg State University in Pittsburg, Kansas in the early 1960s.
(June 9, 1998) Filed for divorce from Tiani Warden ; later withdrawn.
Transferred to Oklahoma State University, where he quit school one class short of graduation.
Had a successful local band, The Rubber Band, in Stillwater, Oklahoma. Moved to Hollywood to pursue his music career.
Has appeared on Tulsa television as the character Teddy Jack Eddy, along with the host Gailard Sartain , in "Mazeppa's Uncanny Film Festival and Camp Meeting".
Both he and his actor-son Jake Busey are licensed pilots, having been trained at a flight school next-door to the Santa Monica airport.
Has black belts in all of the following martial arts: budo-jujitsu, capoeira, hapkido, "Jailhouse Rock" and kendo.
Has played Peter Keyes in Predator 2 (1990) and then, at one point, he was attached to do a cameo as John Yutani, the other half of the infamous Weyland-Yutani Company from the Alien films in AVP: Alien vs. Predator (2004), but the character was written out of the script.
In 2014, he won season 14 of Celebrity Big Brother (2001) in the United Kingdom. He is the first ever American to win the reality show.
Lampooned on Family Guy.
Was considered for the role of Jay Pritchett on Modern Family (2009).
Appears in The Tractors music video Shortenin' Bread as the crazy cook.
He has published an autobiography: "Busey-isms". The book was released on September 7, 2018.
His stage credits include a college production of "Our Town", in which he portrayed a constable.
Personal Quotes (17)
Great things like this only happen for the first time once.
It's good for everyone to understand that they are to love their enemies, simply because your enemies show you things about yourself you need to change. So in actuality enemies are friends in reverse.
Never dip lower than you can dip.
You know what "FEAR" stands for? It stands for "False Evidence Appearing Real". It's the darkroom where Satan develops his negatives.
You know what "FAILING" stands for? It stands for "Finding An Important Lesson, Inviting Needed Growth".
You know what "SOBER" stands for? It stands for "Son Of a B****, Everything's Real"!
You know what "DOUBT" stands for? It stands for "Debate On Understanding Bewildersome Thoughts".
You know what "ROMANCE" stands for? It stands for "Relying On Magnificent And Necessary Compatible Energy".
[To a huge fan who asked him to sign Buddy Holly 's name to a color photo]: There IS no OTHER Buddy Holly... I like Buddy fine, but *I'm* Gary Busey.
Drinking your own blood is the paradigm of recycling.
Men are failed women at birth.
If you take shortcuts, you get cut short.
The more time you take to come clean, the less time it takes dirt to come for you.
(on Jeff Bridges ) He's an artist, an actor who wants to tell stories with pictures.
[A Post on Twitter] Running backwards naked through a cornfield at midnight will show you where you've been.
[on being cast in the title role for The Buddy Holly Story (1978)] They finally realized I have the same-sized teeth.
[on his Harley-Davidson accident] It knocked a big hole in my skull, which filled with bone from my jaw.
The near-mythical legacy of President Kennedy can be attributed to several things. His wife Jackie's quest to ensure that "Camelot" would not be forgotten and the gone-too-soon element of lost potential are just two reasons for his towering icon status, but his talent for soaring rhetoric is surely part of the mystique.
Despite having been said over 50 years ago, "a man may die, nations may rise and fall, but an idea lives on" still rings true; And "ask not what your country can do for you — ask what you can do for your country" is practically an American idiom at this point.
While it's hardly as well-known as the quotations above, President Kennedy's Christmas message to the troops in 1961 also feels surprisingly relevant today.
"For uncounted millions, Christmas expresses the deepest hopes for a world of peace where love rather than mistrust will flourish between neighbors," he wrote.
Christmas expresses the deepest hopes for a world of peace where love rather than mistrust will flourish between neighbors.
"America's veterans know only too well the frightful cost of war. This Nation, and indeed the world, are fortunate in these troubled days to have such a body of citizens fully committed to seeking the path to a more peaceful world. I am confident that we will find that path."
For many, 2016 was a difficult year. Politics in America became more polarized than ever before, and the election was so dirty that no one walked away clean. Atrocities shook cities to their core as far away as Aleppo and as nearby as Orlando, Florida. And artistic legends ranging from Bill Cunningham to David Bowie left this world a little less bright.
In the midst of the Cold War, Kennedy spoke of seeking peace. It's a timeless reminder that during the holidays, we should, too.
http://www.smithsoncomic.com
Tiny little nerdy guys are always funny, I don't care what you say.
No Overlooked Manga Festival this week. I've been enjoying the newest show at the Edward Gorey's Dracula, featuring art and memorabilia from the Gorey-designed 1970s stage production of Dracula. Among the news clippings sent over by the Edward Gorey House and Charitable Trust, I was drawn to this actual article from the Boston Globe:
Take a look at that first paragraph.
Alas, for what might have been!
The article ends on an even more inspiring note:
I'll leave it to someone else to draw that one.
Tiny little nerdy guys are always funny, I don't care what you say.No Overlooked Manga Festival this week. I've been enjoying the newest show at the Cartoon Art Museum , featuring art and memorabilia from the Gorey-designed 1970s stage production of. Among the news clippings sent over by the Edward Gorey House and Charitable Trust, I was drawn to this actual article from theTake a look at that first paragraph.Alas, for what might have been!The article ends on an even more inspiring note:I'll leave it to someone else to draw that one. Tags: edward gorey, smithson, star trek
NEW SET - Quotes of the Galaxy! By SWCT Team on 2017-07-11 18:30:00 Collect the newest inserts that feature some of the most famous lines uttered a long time ago, in a galaxy far, far awayâ€¦.
This is Quotes of the Galaxy!
NOTE: There will be a new release every 24 hours!
Set Information:
8 inserts + 1 award card
Checklist:
1) Darth Vader, limited to 1,000cc
For this particular release, there will only be 1 pack.
Today's Insert Odds for the Quote of the Galaxy Pack (via Direct Purchase):
-1:4 chance at pulling a Quotes of the Galaxy insert [while supplies last]
-1 GUARANTEED Sunshine Base Variant (Non-LE cards only) OR Gold Independence Day Base Variant (76 CC per card) [while supplies last] OR Silver Independence Day Base Variant (1,776 CC per card) [while supplies last]
As always, all limited cards are available until sold out!
Head to the Cantina! Head to the Cantina!
“Hey Molly, what's that you're making?” asks my teeny tiny roommate one recent evening.
“Saag Paneer. Except there's no paneer. But there is tofu. And it's not spinach. But it is kale…” I answer ironically because I sometimes confuse the words “ironic” and “idiotic.”
“Sooo…” she says, still teeny tiny.
We stare at each other. Me, my roommate, the kale.
“Indian food. I'm making Indian food.”
Then the kale winks suggestively the way only leafy greens can and we all get uncomfortable. But like, in a nice way. I think this is called Stockholm Syndrome?
skip to the recipe and pass a story about smelling things but what monster would skip that?
So this is Saag Paneer without the Saag or the Paneer but all the flavors of such. And the aromas. It's easy and quick to make, another solid way to utilize yogurt because we love yogurt, and full of vegetarian protein, not so many carbs, and just the cutest amount of fat. 5 grams – adorable! Combine it with some rice or naan or couscous or quinoa or cauliflower rice if you're into that sort of thing. Each portion is pretty giant, however, if you just want a quick and easy little meal.
Oh and thank God for those engulfing aromas. My stairwell smelled like a dying homeless person the night I made this (let's just say that the small dog who lives above me exploded on every single step for 3 floors. Let's just say that.). Since moving to New York, I've become pretty familiar with this specifically pungent odor. But it turns out Indian food clears that shit (too soon?) right up. So the next time you find yourself in one of those subway cars that is oddly vacant but for a crippling smell, just make some impromptu tandoori chicken or something. You travel with a hot plate, right?
Of course you do.
KALE SAAG TOFU
makes 4 giant servings
adapted from Sanjiv Dhar's Indian Cooking: Light and Easy
ingredients:
1 12oz package extra firm tofu, dried thoroughly and cut into 1″ cubes
1 16oz bag frozen kale , defrosted (I tried once with fresh kale and it wasn't as good. Just some frozen-kale-for-thought.)
100g onion, chopped
4 cloves of garlic
1″ cube of fresh ginger
½ cup unsweetened almond milk
1 ½ teaspoons curry powder
¾ teaspoon turmeric
¾ teaspoon ground cumin
¾ teaspoon salt
½ teaspoon cayenne
¼ teaspoon red pepper flakes
150g (5.3oz) icelandic skyr or Greek yogurt
I'm sorry I told you about the dog that exploded in my apartment building and that I brought it up twice…
Preheat your oven to 400 degrees. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Set out the tofu cubes in one layer on the pan. Spray with some cooking spray. Bake for 15 minutes, flip, bake for another 15-20 minutes or until golden brown and a little puffed.
While your tofu is baking, combine the onion, garlic, ginger, and 2 tablespoons of water in a food processor. Puree to create a paste.
Spray a skillet/wok/frying pan/whatever with cooking spray. Cook the onion paste on medium-low to medium heat for about 5 minutes or until it becomes a little golden. Don't let it burn – turn the heat the down before the onions get too brown and let it cook at a lower heat if you need to.
Add the kale and 1/3 cup of water to the pan and cook til the kale is completely defrosted and incorporated with the onion mixture. Add the seasonings and mix throughly. Stir in the baked tofu. Add the almond milk and let the mixture simmer for 15 minutes or so.
When it's thickened some and all the flavors are fully incorporated/adjusted to your liking, remove from the heat and stir in the yogurt.
Serve with a smile and a side of your winning good looks.
NUTRITION
Advertisements
Months after his blocked promotion exposed a bitter rift between Minneapolis Mayor Betsy Hodges and then-Police Chief Janeé Harteau, Lt. John Delmonico is suing Hodges and the city for defamation of character.
In the lawsuit filed this week in Hennepin County District Court, Delmonico accused Hodges of portraying him as “untrustworthy” and a “racist” in a text message exchange with Harteau after the chief announced him as her pick in April to take over as Fourth Precinct inspector. Hodges later overruled Harteau and chided the chief for not giving her more notice of the controversial appointment.
Delmonico was head of the Minneapolis Police Federation, the union representing the city's rank-and-file officers, from 1999 to 2015. He currently supervises the night shift at the Fourth Precinct, and has served as acting inspector while current inspector Aaron Biard was on vacation.
Hodges has stood by her decision in the months since.
On Friday, she reiterated her position that, while Delmonico is qualified, his appointment would further erode the community's trust in the department.
“I will continue to make tough decisions in order to do what is right to build public safety and community trust for all our residents,” she said in a statement. “I will not be stopped either by the police union or by a patently baseless lawsuit that is obviously intended to influence the election.”
Minneapolis Mayor Betsy Hodges
When reached by phone on Friday, Delmonico declined to comment, and messages left for his attorney weren't immediately returned.
Delmonico alleges Hodges damaged his reputation in a series of text messages referenced in the lawsuit, writing in one that, “We can't trust John,” and stating in another, “they also remember lots of racist stuff he has done.” The lawsuit argues that because the messages were exchanged on city-issued cellphones and made public to the news media, they are not privileged.
Delmonico also contends that the statements were retaliatory for “among other things, prior disputes over union pension benefits … and over a dispute that became known as ‘Pointergate.' ” That reference was to a 2014 episode in which Delmonico criticized Hodges over a photo of her and a young canvasser gesturing at each other; Delmonico and others alleged that instead of pointing, the pair were flashing a sign associated with a North Side street gang.
The incident went viral online after Delmonico “questioned the wisdom” of the mayor's decision in a TV news interview. It also reignited a long-running feud between the two that some say dates to Hodges' days on the City Council, when the pair clashed over union pension benefits.
Delmonico's appointment in April prompted outrage and scorn on social media, where several people pointed to his role in Pointergate as proof that he was unfit to run one of the city's most diverse precincts.
But Delmonico's backers argue that as union president he fought to diversify the department at a time when black officers were regularly passed over for promotions and harassed.
The lawsuit, which asks for damages in excess of $50,000, says Delmonico “has suffered damage to his career, reputation, shame, embarrassment, mortification and mental anguish.”
Delmonico is represented by attorneys Kyle Hart and Fred Bruno.
Jane Kirtley, who teaches media ethics and law at the University of Minnesota, said that as a public official Delmonico faces an uphill legal battle in proving defamation. Delmonico's lawsuit maintains that he is “a private Minnesota resident, not a public figure.”
It's likely, Kirtley said, that Hodges' comments are covered by New York Times v. Sullivan, a landmark U.S. Supreme Court decision that set a stiffer standard for proving libel against public officials.
“He would have to prove that whatever Mayor Hodges said was based on actual malice,” Kirtley said. “If her factual basis is verifiable and she makes her own comments, that is opinion, and that is protected.”
Current union President Lt. Bob Kroll said the suit underscores Hodges' “micromanagement” of the department.
“Why does a mayor that has nearly 4,200 employees in the city have such a concern for a bureau head?” he said, adding that Hodges' decision invited speculation that she blocked Delmonico's appointment to curry political favor.
Harteau resigned in July following the fatal police shooting of Justine Damond. Earlier this month, Hodges said in an interview that “the culminating event” in her rift with the chief was the Delmonico controversy.
After news of the lawsuit broke, Harteau tweeted, “Not surprised!”
In a later interview, Harteau said that at the time Delmonico was a “logical choice,” given his experience and the relationships he'd formed on the North Side. She said she suspected that Hodges' decision was motivated at least partly by vindictiveness toward the former union chief. She pointed out that Delmonico still works supervisory roles at the Fourth Precinct.
“I absolutely think that it was personal,” Harteau said. “I had frankly forgotten about the whole Pointergate thing when I was making my decision.”
“I think the things that she said about Delmonico, not only on the text messages but in other meetings and public forums — about his leadership abilities and relationship with the community — were not only defaming, but inaccurate,” Harteau said.
Federal drug agents and local law enforcement officers on Tuesday conducted a series of raids in Metro Detroit, but details remain sketchy.
According to reports, The U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration on Tuesday launched an orgy of raids in Metro Detroit, including two medical marijuana dispensaries, a strip club, a restaurant and the home of prominent businessman Romel Casab, who also owns the long-shuttered Packard Plant.
Caregivers of America medical marijuana facilities in Walled Lake and Novi, Bayside Sports Grille in Walled Lake and Coliseum Bar & Grill strip club on 8 Mile in Detroit were among the targets of the raids, according to The News.
Reports show the Walled Lake sports bar and Detroit strip club are owned by businessman Johni Semma, whose home overlooking Walled Lake also was raided by agents.
The raids, which appear to be the largest police action since voters approved the Michigan Medical Marijuana Act in 2008, appear to contradict President Barack Obama's administration saying it will not pursue medical marijuana growers who abide by state laws.
Cultivation, possession and distribution of marijuana — even for medicinal reasons — remains illegal under federal law.
Michigan's medical marijuana law, approved by more than 60 percent of voters in 2008, has garnered criticism from law enforcement, as well as advocates of medical marijuana, for being too vague.
Matthew Abel, a Detroit-area attorney who specializes in medical marijuana defense cases, repeatedly has talked to media about the law's flaws.
Two of the biggest grey areas in the law are how a person can obtain seeds to grow medical marijuana and whether dispensaries are illegal. The law does not address either issue.
"I get calls everyday from people asking me 'can I just buy (the seeds) through the mail? What's going to happen?,'" Abel said in April 2009. "Until we have some court cases that have resolved some of these things I can't give people a definitive answer."
That “definitive answer” still hasn't come, and who knows when it will, as courts and lawyers are bombarded with lawsuits and questions regarding medical marijuana's place in society.
Numerous cities in Michigan have enacted moratoriums — or temporary laws — involving medical marijuana, compassion clubs and dispensaries.
According to the most recent statistics from the state health department,
since April 2009 and nearly 64,000 patients are enrolled in the state's medical marijuana program.
FOR the past three months American politicians have been rowing over the disastrous launch of Obamacare's website, on which people can shop for health insurance. The new online “exchanges”, created under America's health reforms to provide cheap private care for millions of uninsured people, are so far the most visible element of Obamacare. Once the software glitches are fixed, sellers of private health plans should gain new customers. But in the years ahead they have a far bigger opportunity: as more Americans come to depend on the government to pay for their treatments, more of them will have their publicly funded health care managed in some way by private insurers.
America has two main public health-insurance programmes: Medicare for the old and Medicaid for the poor. As baby-boomers age, the numbers hitting their 65th birthday, and thus qualifying for Medicare, are rising inexorably. As for the poor, another part of the Obamacare reforms will entitle millions of low-income families to join Medicaid for the first time. Add in the effect of a rising population, and the combined enrolments of Medicare and Medicaid will grow by around 30% by 2022, when one-third of the population will be on one scheme or the other.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Since the government also pays for the health care of its own employees, by the early 2020s the taxpayer will be footing the bill for half of America's health spending, which will have risen to a staggering $5 trillion, equivalent to one-fifth of the country's entire economic output. American health care will no longer be predominantly funded by private individuals and employers. Yet giant private insurers like UnitedHealth Group, Humana and WellPoint should get bigger.
In theory, patients with ordinary Medicare and Medicaid coverage can turn up at any clinic and ask to be treated, with the bill sent to the government. In practice, many doctors turn them away because the government's reimbursement rates are too low. And Medicare does not cover the full cost of all treatments, so most patients buy private insurance to cover the gaps.
Given the inadequacy of standard Medicare, growing numbers of elderly Americans have been taking up the federal government's offer of switching to a “Medicare Advantage” plan, managed by a private insurer but with the government paying the premiums. Although these plans usually provide an even more restricted choice of doctor, their coverage is broader: so far the government has funded them better than traditional Medicare. In 2006 only 16% of Medicare recipients signed up for such plans; now 28% do. Under Obamacare, payment rates for Medicare Advantage plans will be cut, but analysts expect them to remain popular. Ana Gupte of Leerink Swann, an investment bank, says that even if the proportion taking them up does not grow much further—and she thinks it may well do—the health insurers' revenues from selling the plans could soar from $150 billion a year now to more than $200 billion in 2019.
Medicaid's privatisation has gone further, and may become an even bigger business for the private insurers. It is mostly run by state governments, with the federal government contributing to the costs. The recent recession's squeeze on states' revenues has made them step up the outsourcing of their Medicaid programmes to try to rein in their growing costs. Now 75% of all Medicaid patients have their care overseen by a private firm.
In most cases the state government rather than the patient chooses the health plan. But Arkansas is pioneering a voucher scheme of sorts, in which Medicaid recipients can shop around for the health plan of their choice. As such privatisation schemes advance, Ms Gupte expects the proportion of Medicaid patients enrolled in private plans to reach 83% by 2019. This, and Obamacare's expansion of eligibility for Medicaid, mean that the insurers' revenues from privatised Medicaid will then be around $420 billion.
The steady privatisation of publicly funded health care could accelerate if, for instance, Republicans succeeded in moving all of Medicare to a voucher system. However, for the insurers, having the government as their main customer is not without its perils. They are usually taking on all the risks of rising medical costs in return for fixed fees. UnitedHealth recently tried to exclude some doctors from its Medicare plans to save money: a court has just ruled that it cannot. The government may at any time decide unilaterally to cut the prices it is prepared to pay; the insurers' shares have swung wildly in reaction to officials' talk of doing just that. Looking after state-funded patients is guaranteed to be a big business in the years to come; big profits are far from guaranteed.
INFINITE is in the final stages of preparations before their comeback!
On December 11, Woolim Entertainment revealed to a Korean media outlet, “INFINITE completed filming the MV for their new title track on [December] 10 and 11. They are planning to come back to the music industry in January.”
This will be INFINITE's first time promoting as a six-member group after the departure of Hoya. All six INFINITE members reportedly took active roles during the process of this comeback. This will also be the group's first comeback in almost a year and a half, after the release of their sixth mini album “INFINITE ONLY” last September.
Meanwhile, INFINITE will hold fan meetings from December 29 to 31 titled “Begin Again” at Blue Square IMarket Hall in Seoul.
Source (1) (2)
Donald Trump's campaign is premised on its own success, that he's a winner and as president that success will continue, but he never explains how, Charles Krauthammer said tonight.
“He never actually says, how are we going to defeat ISIS?” Krauthammer noted on Tuesday's Special Report on Fox News. “Well he can't say because you don't want to tell the enemy what your strategy is going to be.”
Advertisement
Advertisement
“He was asked on health care — I think by Hannity or somebody a few months ago — ‘what are you going to do with ObamaCare?'” Krauthammer continued. “He said, ‘We're going to get rid of ObamaCare and we're going to replace it with something really terrific'; now why didn't we think about that?! You can't ask him what exactly will be in this really terrific alternative, because he doesn't know.”
“The premise of the campaign — I'm a winner, you give me any issue I'll be so good, I'll be the biggest jobs creator that God has ever created, et cetera, et cetera — it's a promise of success, without any explanation of how,” he said. ”Now that that defies the laws of political gravity, but it obviously is working.”
Donald Trump's campaign is calling on Hillary Clinton to return money it received from Anthony Weiner, the husband of the vice chair of the Clinton campaign.
“The announcement by the FBI and New York Police Department that they are investigating close Clinton ally Anthony Weiner's inappropriate relationship with an under-aged female is extremely disturbing,” deputy communications director Jessica Ditto said in a statement released Thursday night.
“The Clinton campaign should immediately return all campaign contributions from Weiner. America has had enough of the sleaze that is Clinton, Inc.,” she added.
Weiner has given $550 to the Clinton campaign. The money was given in two separate donations on May 29, 2016 — one in the amount of $500 and another in the amount of $50 — according to Open Secrets.
Authorites are investigating Weiner's underage sexting relationship, The Post reported.
Weiner is married to Huma Abedin, the vice chair of the Clinton campaign. The pair separated this summer after a bombshell report from The Post detailing Weiner's continued sexting.
The history of Weiner's most disgusting behavior:
CLICK HERE TO WRITE TO VINCE CABLE. HE CAN BAN LETTING AGENT FEES NEXT WEEK
The issue of lettings agent fees is back in parliament next week with an amendment to the Consumer Rights Bill that would make it an offence to charge fees to tenants.
We have been raising the gross unfairness of letting fees throughout the passage of the bill, and now there is another chance for politicians to do something about it.
As any renter will know, however pernicious an unclear or surprise fee is, the central issue remains the huge cost that fees impose on tenants, who have no other choice. Not only are these fees completely disproportionate to the services rendered, they are also charged to captured consumers – renters cannot use their consumer power to bargain down fees when they are looking to rent, because they are stuck with the agent that comes with the property.
In an unstable tenure like the private rented sector, renters are hit with huge costs every time they move, and there's very little they can do about it. The other party in the transaction – the landlord – is in a much better position to use market forces to make fees fair, because they can choose which agent to go with. Given this, and the fact that the agent is in fact working for the landlord, fees should only be levied on the landlord.
This change would also end the double-charging of fees which is unacceptable and even illegal in so many other industries but still prominent within private renting.
We know this amendment make sense, and that it would make a real material difference to the millions of renters having to rent a property each year. But at this late stage in the House of Lords, we need to keep the pressure on the Minister responsible, Vince Cable, and let him know that we need to end fees for tenants once and for all.
Please take a moment to write to Vince Cable, the Secretary of State for Business, Innovation and Skills, telling him that government should ban this rip-off of private renters.
We can't continue to allow lettings agents to squeeze us. Let's take this chance to finally end these exploitative fees.
If you're on Twitter, please check out this list of members of the House of Lords and ask some of them to ban letting agent fees.
Guy Damien "The Flower" / "Le Démon Blond" Lafleur, OC, CQ (born September 20, 1951[1]) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player who was the first player in the National Hockey League (NHL) to score 50 goals and 100 points in six straight seasons.[2] Between 1971 and 1991, he played for the Montreal Canadiens, New York Rangers and Quebec Nordiques in an NHL career spanning 17 seasons, and five Stanley Cup championships (all with the Canadiens).[3] In 2017 Lafleur was named one of the '100 Greatest NHL Players' in history.[4]
Early years [ edit ]
Lafleur started playing hockey at the age of five after receiving his first hockey stick as a Christmas present.[5] As a youth, he played at the Quebec International Pee-Wee Hockey Tournament three consecutive years from 1962 to 1964, and scored a tournament record of 64 points.[6][7] In his teens, Lafleur gained considerable recognition for his play as a member of the Quebec Remparts of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League, where he led his team to the Memorial Cup in 1971, scoring 130 regular season goals. At the time, Lafleur idolized Jean Béliveau and Bobby Orr.
With Lafleur and fellow French-Canadian Marcel Dionne among the top prospects in the 1971 NHL Amateur Draft, the Habs' general manager, Sam Pollock, was keen to find a way to trade to obtain one of the top two picks. He persuaded California Golden Seals owner Charlie Finley to trade the Seals' 1971 first-round pick and François Lacombe in return for Montreal's 1970 first-round pick and veteran Ernie Hicke. Unrelated to the draft of that year was the dealing of Ralph Backstrom, often credited as helping the Kings stay out of last place; however, at the time of the trade the Kings were ahead of the Seals, Red Wings, Sabres, and Canucks, and the deal had no effect on the Kings' standings that year.[8] Oakland finished last, leaving Montreal with the first overall pick (the draft lottery had not yet been implemented). Pollock hesitated between Lafleur and Dionne, but chose Lafleur with the first draft choice.[9]
Montreal Canadiens [ edit ]
At first, Lafleur struggled to live up to expectations in the league—the more so in that Dionne became an immediate star in Detroit who led his team in scoring over his first three seasons. By 1974, Lafleur had developed his trademark smooth skating style and scoring touch, making him one of the most popular players on a very popular team; fans chanted "Guy, Guy, Guy!" whenever he touched the puck.[10] He became known among English fans as "Flower" due to his literal translation of his surname, while among French fans he was dubbed "le Démon Blond" (the Blond Demon).[11]
He was a cornerstone of five Stanley Cup championship teams. During the 1978 Stanley Cup finals, Boston Bruins Head Coach Don Cherry ordered his players to put their sticks up and hit Lafleur whenever they encountered him. At the end of the series, Lafleur's head was swathed in bandages after numerous slashes from Bruin players. After Montreal won the Stanley Cup, he borrowed it for the weekend without telling anyone to show his friends back home in Thurso, where he set it out on his front lawn for all his neighbours to see.
In 1979, Lafleur released an album called Lafleur. The album consisted of Guy Lafleur reciting hockey instructions, accompanied by disco music.
With Ken Dryden, Jacques Lemaire, and several other key players retiring after the conclusion of the 1979 season, the Canadiens' dynasty came to an end, losing in the second round of the 1980 playoffs to the Minnesota North Stars in seven games. Injuries shortened Lafleur's 1980–1981 season and his production dropped significantly (during the previous six seasons, Lafleur had reached or exceeded 100 points and 50 goals). In the following seasons, he was overshadowed by Mike Bossy and Wayne Gretzky.
While driving home on March 24, 1981, Lafleur fell asleep at the wheel of his Cadillac and crashed into a highway fence. A metal post pierced the windshield, missing his head by inches while tearing off part of his ear. During the 1980–81 Montreal Canadiens season, Lafleur appeared in only 51 games and scored 27 goals. It was the first time since the 1973–74 Montreal Canadiens season that he failed to score 50 goals or more in a season.[12]
During the 1984–1985 season, he started the season scoring only two goals in 19 games and was unhappy with the amount of ice time he was receiving from coach Jacques Lemaire. Furthermore, his rocky relationship with Lemaire became intolerable for him, as Lemaire insisted that everyone on the team contribute defensively, whearas Lafleur was always an offensive minded player whose productivity overshadowed his defensive weaknesses[citation needed]. He asked to be traded but general manager Serge Savard refused his request, as trading one of the most popular players in Canadiens history would have incurred a severe backlash from fans and the media. With no other options, he decided to retire, and his departure from the Canadiens was considered acrimonious.[13]
Return to NHL [ edit ]
After being inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame, Lafleur came out of retirement to return to the NHL for three more seasons, from 1988 through 1991, with the New York Rangers and the Quebec Nordiques. Lafleur remained one of the few players who did not wear protective helmets due to a grandfather clause.
Against the Edmonton Oilers in a 1988 exhibition game, Lafleur played well enough to earn praise from the Oilers' Mark Messier and convince Rangers general manager Phil Esposito to sign Lafleur to a one-year contract.[13] During his first game back in the Montreal Forum, he received a standing ovation when he came on the ice, and as in his heydey with the Habs, the crowd chanted "Guy! Guy! Guy!" every time he touched the puck. Lafleur scored twice against Patrick Roy, to heavy applause, during the Rangers' 7–5 loss to the Canadiens, and was awarded the first star of the game. Although his high-scoring days were well behind him, his stint with the Rangers was moderately successful, and he helped the team to first place in the Patrick Division until being knocked out by a knee injury.
Lafleur then followed dismissed Rangers head coach and close friend Michel Bergeron to the Nordiques for his final seasons. Intending to finish his hockey career in Quebec where he had started, he reportedly turned down a $1 million offer from the Los Angeles Kings. He managed 24 goals in 98 games with the Nordiques over two seasons.
The Minnesota North Stars selected Lafleur with the 20th and last pick in the 1991 Expansion Draft. Lafleur had decided to retire for a second and last time as a player, and he had already verbally agreed to an off-ice job with the Nordiques. However, since his retirement papers had yet to be officially filed, the league's bylaws prevented him from accepting a job with a team that didn't own his playing rights. The North Stars solved Lafleur's quandary by trading him back to Quebec in exchange for the rights to a former Nordique who had been playing in Switzerland for two years, Alan Haworth. Haworth played just one more year of professional hockey, and never returned to the NHL.
Accolades [ edit ]
Lafleur is the all-time leading scorer in Canadiens history, notching 1,246 points (518 goals and 728 assists) in his 14 years with the Habs. He led the NHL in points in 1976, 1977, and 1978. He tied for a Montreal club record with Steve Shutt for goals in a season with 60 in 1977–78 and holds the franchise record for points in a season with 136 in 1976–77. Lafleur became the first player in NHL history to score at least 50 goals and 100 points in six consecutive seasons as a Hab. Lafleur was also the fastest player (at the time) to reach 1,000 points, doing so in only 720 games. That record has since been broken by Wayne Gretzky, Mario Lemieux and a few others.
He won three Art Ross Trophies (1976, 1977, 1978), two Hart Memorial Trophies (1977, 1978), three Lester B. Pearson Awards (1976, 1977, 1978), and one Conn Smythe Trophy (1977). He was a member of the Canadian team in the 1976 and 1981 Canada Cup tournaments, winning the Cup in 1976, and was the recipient of the Lou Marsh Trophy in 1977.
Lafleur was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1988 and the Canadian Sports Hall of Fame in 1996. Along with Gordie Howe before him and Mario Lemieux after him, Lafleur is one of only three players to have returned to the NHL after being inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame. He still holds the record for the most career point and assist totals in Montreal Canadiens history, as well as the second-highest goal total behind Maurice "Rocket" Richard. Lafleur was the sixth Montreal Canadiens' player to have his sweater number retired.
In April 2001, Lafleur placed 122 items - including 5 miniature Stanley Cups, 6 miniature Prince of Wales trophies, 1977 Conn Smythe Trophy, 3 Art Ross trophies, Hockey Hall of Fame plaque and ring, games-used jerseys, 4 Stanley Cup rings, and the first skates he ever wore - for sale. The items' selling prices totalled approximately $400,000 USD.
Besides the honours received during his playing career, in 1980 he was made an Officer of the Order of Canada, and in 2005, he was made a Knight of the National Order of Quebec.
In 1998, he was ranked number 11 on The Hockey News' list of the 100 Greatest Hockey Players.
The Guy Lafleur Award of Excellence was introduced in 1985.
In 2017, he was named one of the 100 Greatest NHL Players by the NHL as part of its centennial celebration.
After retirement [ edit ]
Guy Lafleur and fan in Longueuil, Quebec, Canada on February 2, 2008
Lafleur currently operates a helicopter rental company in Montreal that shuttles VIPs to and from the airport. He was at the controls when the Tampa Bay Lightning's André Roy proposed to his fiancée, the Stanley Cup serving as the engagement ring bearer.
Lafleur also owns a restaurant in Berthierville, Quebec, "Guy Lafleur Mikes Signature" which opened in 2002. He opened a new restaurant, called "Bleu, Blanc, Rouge!" in Rosemère, Quebec, August 4, 2008. Lafleur sold the "Bleu, Blanc Rouge" in December 2012 for over $5 million. The restaurant closed December 22, 2012.
From 2005 to 2008 Lafleur was appointed honorary colonel of 12 Radar Squadrons, an air force unit in Bagotville, Quebec. In February 2013 he was appointed honorary colonel of 3 Wing Bagotville, the parent formation of 12 Radar Squadron.[14] Honorary colonels generally serve for three years.
Criminal conviction and acquittal [ edit ]
Lafleur's son Mark had a number of run-ins with the law, including charges of sexual assault. Mark remained at his father's house as part of his bail conditions. In 2008, questions about Lafleur's testimony in his son's case resulted in an arrest warrant being issued for Lafleur, which his lawyer criticized as an unnecessary embarrassment.[15] In 2009 Lafleur was charged with obstruction of justice for helping Mark to break his curfew by driving him to a hotel to see his girlfriend; the trial was scheduled for April 2009. Lafleur has filed a $2.8 million civil suit against police and prosecutors, claiming that his rights were violated.[16]
On May 1, 2009, Lafleur was convicted and on June 18, 2009, was given a one-year suspended sentence. Lafleur was also fined $100 and ordered to donate $10,000 to charity.[17][18]
On August 17, 2010, Lafleur was unanimously acquitted of all charges by the Quebec Court of Appeal, throwing out his previous conviction.[19]
Career statistics [ edit ]
Regular season and playoffs [ edit ]
Regular season Playoffs Season Team League GP G A Pts PIM GP G A Pts PIM 1966–67 Québec Junior Aces QJHL 8 1 1 2 0 — — — — — 1967–68 Québec Junior Aces QJHL 43 30 19 49 — — — — — — 1968–69 Québec Junior Aces QJHL 49 50 60 110 83 — — — — — 1969–70 Québec Remparts QJHL 56 103 67 170 105 15 25 18 43 34 1969–70 Québec Remparts M-Cup — — — — — 12 18 18 36 23 1970–71 Québec Remparts QMJHL 62 130 79 209 135 14 22 21 43 24 1970–71 Québec Remparts M-Cup — — — — — 7 9 5 14 18 1971–72 Montréal Canadiens NHL 73 29 35 64 48 6 1 4 5 2 1972–73* Montréal Canadiens NHL 69 28 27 55 51 17 3 5 8 9 1973–74 Montréal Canadiens NHL 73 21 35 56 29 6 0 1 1 4 1974–75 Montréal Canadiens NHL 70 53 66 119 37 11 12 7 19 15 1975–76* Montréal Canadiens NHL 80 56 69 125 36 13 7 10 17 2 1976–77* Montréal Canadiens NHL 80 56 80 136 20 14 9 17 26 6 1977–78* Montréal Canadiens NHL 78 60 72 132 26 15 10 11 21 16 1978–79* Montréal Canadiens NHL 80 52 77 129 28 16 10 13 23 0 1979–80 Montréal Canadiens NHL 74 50 75 125 12 3 3 1 4 0 1980–81 Montréal Canadiens NHL 51 27 43 70 29 3 0 1 1 2 1981–82 Montréal Canadiens NHL 66 27 57 84 24 5 2 1 3 4 1982–83 Montréal Canadiens NHL 68 27 49 76 12 3 0 2 2 2 1983–84 Montréal Canadiens NHL 80 30 40 70 19 12 0 3 3 5 1984–85 Montréal Canadiens NHL 19 2 3 5 10 — — — — — 1988–89 New York Rangers NHL 67 18 27 45 12 4 1 0 1 0 1989–90 Québec Nordiques NHL 39 12 22 34 4 — — — — — 1990–91 Québec Nordiques NHL 59 12 16 28 2 — — — — — NHL totals 1,126 560 793 1,353 399 128 58 76 134 67
* Stanley Cup Champion.
International [ edit ]
Year Team Event GP G A Pts PIM 1976 Canada CC 7 1 5 6 12 1981 Canada WC 7 1 0 1 2 1981 Canada CC 7 2 9 11 0 Senior totals 21 4 14 18 14
See also [ edit ]
Two comedians will helm new late-night shows meant to appeal to young-adult males.
Chris Hardwick, the host of 'Talking Bad' and 'Talking Dead' looks to extend his TV reach with a new show, '@Midnight.' (Photo11: Robyn Von Swank, Comedy Central) Story Highlights Chris Hardwick's "@midnight" premieres Monday on Comedy Central after "The Colbert Report"
"The Pete Holmes Show" premieres Oct. 28 on TBS after "Conan"
Shows hope to tap into audience of young-adult males
What do the founder of Nerdist and the voice of the E-Trade baby have in common? They're both heading to late-night TV.
Comedians Chris Hardwick and Pete Holmes are premiering their shows, @midnight and The Pete Holmes Show, on Monday and Oct. 28, respectively. Both half-hour programs air Mondays through Thursdays at midnight ET/PT, and are preceded by late-night veterans of the time slot (@midnight by The Daily Show and The Colbert Report on Comedy Central; Pete Holmes by Conan on TBS).
That is where the similarities end for these newcomers, who hope to pump fresh blood into a late-night circuit dominated by the new guard (Jimmy Fallon, Jimmy Kimmel) and old guard (Jay Leno, David Letterman) of veteran hosts. With the help of popular lead-ins, network executives and programmers are hoping to tap into the demographic of young-adult males who characteristically are up until the wee hours, where they're catered to by the likes of Adult Swim, Fox (on Saturdays) and ESPN.
"I think that's where a lot of our audience is living and consuming content," says Kent Alterman, president of Comedy Central's content development and original programming. "Traditionally, prime-time is considered 8 to 11 (p.m.), but for the purposes of our own audience, it's probably more aptly described at 10 (p.m.) to 1 (a.m.)."
Comedy Central has long wanted a nightly post-Colbert show, and Conan hasn't had a late-night companion since LopezTonight was canceled in 2011. Both Colbert and Conan have much higher concentrations of younger men than broadcast-network talk shows.
Recruiting young fans is desirable for any network, says TBS President Michael Wright, who believes that Holmes' "contemporary, fresh" voice will be the perfect companion to the already young-skewing Conan. As a programmer, his job is to "give people what they want, but also give your audience what they don't know they want yet," he says, referring to Holmes. "It's a way to expand the brand, evolve, and grow."
Popular comedian Pete Holmes will host a new late-night series on TBS. (Photo11: Jeremy Freeman, TBS)
So what could make or break these longtime stand-up comics as they settle into their new roles as late-night hosts? Opening monologues, for starters, which are "so important in defining who you are," but also in targeting a core audience, says Ron Simon, curator of television and radio at the Paley Center for Media in New York.
"Sometimes it's best to develop a loyal fan base and then try to broaden out, or you can try to reach a larger audience from the beginning," Simon says.
Despite the pressures of carrying an entire half-hour program, Holmes is trying not to sweat the ratings or narrow his appeal.
"I think just by being honest and true to myself, we are going to skew younger," Holmes says of his show. "I'm just trying to make the things that make me laugh, which — I don't know what that says about me and my maturity — happens to be the same things that young people might enjoy."
CHRIS HARDWICK, @MIDNIGHT
An outrageous hashtag on Twitter or a scathing review on Yelp: No social-media outlet will be shown mercy when Hardwick and his rotating panel of comedians pokes fun at them on @midnight, from the folks at Funny or Die. The show is receiving an initial four-week commitment from the network.
Using a game-show format in which the comic with the funniest jokes is declared the "winner" every night, Hardwick and his team will scour the likes of Facebook, Instagram, Vine and Yahoo! Answers for comedic material. Think of it as Jeopardy! for social media, but instead of guessing the correct answer, you get points for hilariously captioning an image or dreaming up a ridiculous hashtag for a tweet.
"It's very British at heart," Hardwick, 41, says. "It's really just a structured reason to bring comics together to make fun of all the topical things they saw that day that came up in various social-media outlets."
If anyone is up for the task, it's Hardwick, who founded the multimedia empire Nerdist Industries. With its website, podcasts, YouTube channel and social-media components, Nerdist caters to those passionate about pop and nerd culture. Hardwick's Comedy Central stand-up special, Chris Hardwick: Mandroid, aired last year, and he also has hosted Talking Bad and the current Talking Dead, talk-show companions to AMC hit Breaking Bad and The Walking Dead.
Add Hardwick's years as a stand-up comic to the mix, and his progression to late-night TV was only a matter of time. After the pilot for a more tech-minded show was not picked up by Comedy Central about a year ago, the network asked if he'd like to host a new show produced by Funny or Die, the comedy website co-founded by Will Ferrell. Hardwick agreed, and helped develop what is now @midnight over the course of several months.He describes the show as the best comedic representation of his personality.
"It's so much fun and so silly," Hardwick says. "It's all guilty-pleasure stuff that we're making fun of, so it should be a nice comedown from using your brain a lot on the Daily Show and Colbert. We want to hilariously glide people to sleep and into their beds at night."
And what does the man who lampoons social media for a living actually enjoy on various outlets? For starters, he follows such celebrities as Anna Kendrick, Seth Rogen and Dean Norris on Twitter, along with "nerdier" choices including Joss Whedon, Buzz Aldrin and the Doctor Who is a official Twitter page. Oh and there is his fondness for the "Socially Awkward Penguin" meme.
Hardwick also has his share of geeky obsessions, which include playing BioShock Infinite and participating in cosplay (or costume play) with his girlfriend at conventions such as Comic-Con.
"I actually have an insect collection that I'm really proud of it, but unfortunately, a lot of it's in a freezer," Hardwick says. "OK, that sounds creepy."
PETE HOLMES, THE PETE HOLMES SHOW
With his first foray into late-night comedy, Holmes is hoping to reimagine the usual talk-show format. And how exactly does he intend to do this? By delivering personal monologues that aren't pulled from the headlines, matched with more Saturday Night Live-style digital shorts and non-celebrity-driven interviews with his fellow comedians.
"No one booked so far is promoting anything," Holmes says. "I'm going to be sitting down with people that I'm actually excited to see and have a good chemistry and rapport with, and just let those moments play out."
Holmes' résumé is just as wide-ranging as his sense of humor. He has written for sitcoms such as Outsourced and I Hate My Teenage Daughter, performed stand-up on Conan and Late Night With Jimmy Fallon, and had his cartoons appear in The New Yorker. You probably know him best as the voice of the E-Trade baby in the popular TV commercials, or as the harebrained "Badman" in CollegeHumor's series of Batman parodies online.
After appearing on Conan twice and meeting with O'Brien and producer Jeff Ross, Holmes was surprised to learn that they wanted to pitch a late-night show to TBS with him at the forefront. It's an experience that Holmes describes as "very surreal" and "a literal dream come true."
"Every time I see (Conan) he makes fun of me and talks about how he's going to crush me and revoke his endorsement," Holmes says. "But when it gets down to it, it's the most nurturing, mentor-mentee relationship that I've ever had. He's always available and here for me personally, whether it's over dinner or lunch, over the phone or e-mail."
The show, which has been given an initial seven-week commitment by TBS, moves at a brisk pace to accommodate its half-hour time slot, yet fans will be able to enjoy longer versions of sketches, interviews, and other in-studio segments online. As Holmes likes to put it, "The show will be as long as people like it to be, but the TV version is going to be a half-hour."
Holmes' first-week guests include comedians Kumail Nanjiani and Chelsea Peretti, but he'd also like to snag face time with celebrities such as Christian Bale, Hugh Jackman and Ryan Gosling (his self-professed "man crush") down the road.
"I have straight crushes as well," Holmes says. "I'd like to get Kate Upton on just so I could look at her."
Fans of his popular podcast You Made It Weird shouldn't fret: He plans to continue it and his various stand-up gigs. In the meantime, he'll focus on The Pete Holmes Show and — of course — Grand Theft Auto V.
"Right now, it's the show, go home, one cocktail, one mission of GTA, and then I go to bed," Holmes says. "It's not bad, man, it's a satisfying life."
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1gwdE8X
The unofficial start of 2017 NFL free agency begins today, Tuesday, March 7 at 12:00 noon ET. For the fifth year in a row, in an attempt to curb all the illegal tampering that goes on before free agency, the NFL has decided to designate a window for legal tampering. Actual NFL free agency does not officially begin until Thursday, March 9 at 4:00 PM ET, but a "negotiating period" or "legal tampering period" as it's come to be known begins today at noon. Get hype!
Here are the important things to know regarding this 2-day negotiating window:
• Agents can negotiate numbers, but not actually ink a deal (See: Frank Gore)
• Teams can talk to agents, not the player directly
• Players can't visit other teams (except their own)
• Only applies to unrestricted free agents, not restricted free agents or exclusive-rights free agents
• Starts today at 12:00 PM ET and ends when the new league year officially starts on Thursday at 4:00 PM ET
The Philadelphia Eagles have six players scheduled to be unrestricted free agents. The biggest name on the list is starting defensive tackle Bennie Logan. It'll be interesting to see if he generates interest on the market over the next few days.
As far as external free agents are concerned, we'll probably see the Eagles connected to more wide receivers. We've already seen that the Eagles are interested in virtually receiver but now we might get some indications of actual contract negotiations.
It'll also be interesting to see how the ongoing Brandin Cooks trade rumors develop during this tampering period.
Check out BGN's extremely informative NFL free agency primer to get you geared up for this week. Also make sure to bookmark BGN's rumor tracker and check it often for tons of updates.
Use this open thread to discuss any rumors or reports you may see. BGN will have the biggest stories covered here at the site, as always.
Fort McMurray has seen its unemployment rate more than double in the past year as oilsands operations laid off staff, meaning a lot of skilled workers are sitting on their hands waiting for work.
Halifax-based Irving Shipbuilding says they should consider heading east.
Irving was awarded a $25-billion contract with the federal government to build new combat vessels and Arctic offshore patrol ship. That work starts in the fall and Irving will be in Fort McMurray on Wednesday to look for skilled trades and others who are willing to work at its Halifax shipyard.
"We're looking for over 200 skilled journeymen, welders, pipefitters, fabricators and ironworkers," said Mary Keith, vice president of communications with Irving Shipbuilding. "And in addition, JD Irving Limited is looking to hire professionals in the area of finance, human resources, engineering as well as supply chain."
Fort McMurray is famous as a temporary home for workers commuting from the Maritimes. Irving is hoping to bring some of those workers permanently home.
"We know there are a number of Maritimers certainly making the commute," said Keith. " We held a job fair recently in Halifax and actually had a number of people who were driven by their family members directly from the red eye coming into Nova Scotia to the job fair that we had."
Morgan Perry is a welder and pipefitter who attended the Irving Shipbuilding job fair looking for work. The Albertan says he's willing to move to Halifax. (Terry Reith/CBC)
Morgan Perry is a welder and pipefitter who is looking for work and attended the fair. He didn't bring a resume, but was asked to do some testing on the spot.
"I wasn't quite sure what to expect," said Perry. "Myself being an Albertan moving all the way across the country felt a little weird. But it was something that was intruiging."
Perry said he's willing to move. "I've been to every province. I thought Halifax was beautiful."
According to Statistics Canada, the unemployment rate in the Wood Buffalo region (Fort McMurray's municipality) has more than doubled in the past year from 4.2 per cent to 8.6 per cent. There are 8,000 people in the region looking for work.
On April 19, Fox News announced that they were letting go of nightly news anchor Bill O'Reilly. Although the author of the Killing series was dropped amid numerous sexual assault allegations, they weren't the primary reason for his downfall. This article will explain the real reason why Fox News fired Bill O'Reilly.
Bill O'Reilly's Long History Of Assault Allegations
If you believe that Fox fired Bill O'Reilly because of the sexual assault allegations, think again. In fact, Bill O'Reilly has been at the center of sexual assault allegations for more than a decade.
It began in 2004, when Andrea Mackris, a Fox News producer, sued O'Reilly for $60 million, alleging sexual assault. Approximately one month later, O'Reilly and Mackris reach a $9 million settlement. From 2011 to 2016, Juliet Huddy, Andrea Tantaros, Rebecca Diamond, and Laurie Dhue filed sexual harassment lawsuits against O'Reilly, all of which were settled out of court.
Fox News had multiple opportunities to oust Bill O'Reilly due to sexual harassment and assault allegations, but swept them under the rug time after time. This begs the question — why did Fox fire Bill O'Reilly?
Losing Sponsors Left And Right
The real reason Fox fired Bill O'Reilly is that the network was quickly losing sponsors. A few weeks before O'Reilly was ultimate let go, approximately half of the companies who bought ad slots during “The O'Reilly Factor” pulled their ad buys.
“The O'Reilly Factor” made over $300 a million dollars in ad revenue from 2015-2016, so keeping O'Reilly could have cost Fox hundreds of millions in advertising revenue in addition to the bad publicity.
O'Reilly's past involvement in sexual assault and harassment allegations weren't a a hundred a million dollar threat to Fox, so the company had no urgency to let O'Reilly go. Don't be fooled — if the sponsors weren't leaving, O'Reilly wouldn't be either.
Summing It Up: Why Did Fox News Fire Bill O'Reilly?
Bill O'Reilly was dropped from the Fox News lineup because of a loss of corporate sponsors, not because a moral stance on sexual assault. Thanks for reading this article, and make sure to share it on social media so you're friends and family can know the real reason why Fox fired Bill O'Reilly.
By Fareed Zakaria, CNN
Everyone in Washington this week is having a nightmare about a guillotine. I'm talking about the proposed cuts to the Defense Department.
If the Congressional super-commission cannot agree on ways to reduce the debt by about $1.5 trillion over 10 years, that pulls the trigger. And half those cuts automatically come from expenditures on national security.
I say, let the guillotine fall. It's about time.
The Defense Department's budget has risen now for 13 consecutive years, which is unprecedented in American history. In the last decade, overall defense spending has risen to about $700 billion, which is a 70 percent increase. If you include the spending on Iraq and Afghanistan, we now spend $250 billion more than average defense budgets during the Cold War. Now, that was a time when the Soviet, the Chinese and all East European militaries were arrayed against the United States and its allies.
Today, with no serious adversaries in the world, the United States spends more than all other countries on the planet combined. Even as a percentage of GDP, the number of countries that spend more than us is very small. Eritrea, Iraq, Saudi Arabia - so they're either war zones or oil states.
Cutting defense spending as we wind down military actions in Iraq and Afghanistan should not be difficult; it's not unprecedented.
After the Korean War, President Eisenhower cut defense spending by 27 percent. Nixon cut the budget by 29 percent after Vietnam. Even Ronald Reagan scaled back military spending in the 1980s as the Cold War was becoming less tense. And, of course, as it got over, that process was accelerated by Presidents George H.W. Bush and Bill Clinton - all of it adding up to a 35 percent decrease in the defense budget by the mid '90s.
Given the enormous run-up in spending under George W. Bush, even if Obama made comparable cuts today, defense spending would remain substantially above the levels under all those presidents. After all, remember, the Simpson-Bowles plan proposes $750 billion in defense cuts over 10 years.
A recent report by Lawrence Korb, who worked at the Pentagon for Ronald Reagan, posits that a $1 trillion cut over 10 to 12 years is feasible without compromising national security.
The Defense Department is the best example of waste, fraud and abuse by far in the American government. Even when the results are pretty impressive, the costs and the cost overruns are eye-popping. Take a look at these F-35 planes. They can take off the traditional way, as well as vertical. But the Joint Strike Fighter Program that commissioned the jets to service the Air Force, Marines and Navy, has been plagued by years of design flaws and massive cost overruns. The total cost for this fighter program is something like $300 billion and counting.
Robert Gates has called the new designs for its second engine extravagant and unnecessary. That could be said of large swaths of the defense budget, "extravagant and unnecessary".
Budgetary measures aside, perhaps this is a chance for us to rebalance American foreign policy.
For too long, Congress has fattened the Defense Department, while starving foreign policy agencies. Robert Gates himself once pointed out that there are more members of military marching bands than servicemen in the Foreign Service. The result is a warped American foreign policy. It conceives of problems entirely in military terms, tries to present a ready military solution.
As he came to the close of his presidency, Dwight Eisenhower said, "Every dollar uselessly spent on military mechanisms decreases our total strength and, therefore, our security." It's time for a more balanced national security strategy. If the budget deficit forces that shift, so be it.
MYSORE: This wedding will have ‘special' guests from care centers. Over 400 inmates from rehab centres, old age homes and association for the blind have been invited to bless an engineer-couple who are tying knot on August 5.Sindhu Vittal, the bride, is a polymer science engineer and daughter of N Vittal Lad, who runs People for people, a social welfare organization in Mysore. Sindhu will get married to Rakesh More, an engineer, at Rajendra Kalyana Mantapa on Sunday.For the guest list in his daugter's wedding, Vittal Lad has chalked up a different plan. Instead of inviting special guests like politicians, industrialists and bureaucrats; Lad has invited the neglected and destitute people.The father of the bride said he has invited inmates of Shakthi Dhama, Shree Seva Nikethana, Puttaveeramma, Belaku Vrudhashrama, Shanthi Dhama, Aravinda Ashrama, Bharathi Vrudhashram, Karunya Makkala Mane, JSS blind girls house and National Federation bled. Lad said he is expecting more than 400 inmates from these centres.“I can think of fat wedding and inviting a big number of relatives and friends. But, what do I get from it,” the father asked. “These poor and neglected people have no one in their lives and they only need love. This is the reason why I have invited them to the wedding,” Vittal explained.Transportation arrangement has been made to pick up and drop the special guests from their place to wedding hall and back to their centres. The bride and bridegroom will also pose for photos with their guests.All the guests at the wedding will have food in the same dining room. In the wedding the family has arranged for Chiroti, pulaos and different types of sweets to be served on plantain leaves. Vittal claimed there will be surprise gifts for the cleaners.We wanted a different and a special wedding to share happiness. Generally we have relatives and friends for weddings. But, my family thought of inviting inmates of care centres because their relatives have deserted them.
No matter what crazy things are going on in life, when I enter my kitchen, it's a haven of peace. It's my sanctuary from the ‘storm', whatever what is going on in the crazy world ‘out there'. It's my heartfelt expression of culinary alchemy.
It brings me so much joy to see which ingredients want to dance together to create a recipe. Nothing is ever the same twice, most especially when I make no-bake sweet treats. It's like a mystery that unfolds as I dance from one ingredient to the next.
Raw or no-bake treats have been something I've relished since the beginning of my conscious kitchen journey. I take great joy in knowing that each little morsel nourishes my mind, body and soul in some beneficial way.
The recipe that I am sharing today is enriched with the blissful properties of coconut, sweetened with dates. It's naturally gluten-free, totally plant-based and incredibly delectable.
Like so many of my recipes, I first created this when catering for a group of beautiful souls on retreat. The response was priceless!
Please do check out the video I've made here and let's do this together…
I do use creamed coconut in this recipe. Creamed Coconut (not to be confused with ‘coconut cream') comes in a pure, solid, concentrated block that melts on heating. It is the unsweetened dehydrated fresh meat of a mature coconut, that has been ground into a semi-solid white cream. It solidifies at normal room temperature.
You can find it along with coconut milk in health food stores and it is often available in the world food section of a supermarket too.
If you have coconut butter, then that will work in exactly the same way. Read all about creamed coconut (and watch my short video) here: What is creamed coconut?
I hope that you enjoy this as much as we do here. If you love it, then you'll go crazy for my latest book Angelicious.
It has two dessert sections (yes TWO) – one of which is entirely dedicated to the most delicious, no-bake, super healthy sweet treats.
Please do let me know how you get on with this recipe and feel free to ask if you have any questions.
Chocolate Covered Coconut Bliss Bars (vegan, gluten-free, no-bake) Yield: 12 bars Prep Time: 20 minutes Total Time: 20 minutes A delectable no-bake chocolate covered, coconut bliss bar, naturally sweetened with dates. Print Ingredients Main part 250g (2 cups) pitted dates
100g (1/2 cup) raw sunflower seeds
150g (1 3/4 cup) walnuts
1 tablespoon vanilla extract
2 tablespoons ground cinnamon
75g creamed coconut grated (1/2 to 2/3 cup finely grated and loose) or coconut butter
50g (1/2 cup) desiccated coconut Chocolate coconut topping 75ml (1/3 cup) coconut oil
50g creamed coconut or coconut butter (1/3 - 1/2 cup)
2 heaped tablespoons raw cacao powder or 2 tablespoons maple syrup Instructions Main part Soak the dates an hour ahead of time and then drain off the water. Grind the sunflower seeds to a 'meal' in a food processor (a 'meal' is more rustic than flour consistency). Add the walnuts, drained dates, cinnamon, vanilla and then blend in the food processor until everything has broken down BUT is still chunky (you don't want a pate). Finely grate the creamed coconut block and add to food processor along with desiccated coconut. Pulse the processor a few times to mix together. This should be very quick - remembering to keep it rustic (check out my video to see what I mean). The consistency should hold together when pressed with fingers. Line a container (approximate size: 22cm x 15cm/ 9in x 6in) with unbleached parchment paper and evenly compact the mixture into it. Press down firmly to ensure that everything holds together. Pop it into the fridge whilst you create the chocolate topping. Coconut Chocolate Topping Melt the coconut oil. Melt the creamed coconut block (or coconut butter) with the oil by placing them into a heatproof glass bowl/jug and placing that bowl into a small pan, with about an inch of water in it. Add the cacao powder. Add the lucuma powder. If you don't have lucuma powder, then just add an extra tablespoon of cacao powder. Add the maple syrup and mix together until there are no lumps. The gentle heat should have melted the coconut. Only a gentle heat is needed. Pour the coconut chocolate on top of the main part, making sure that everything spreads evenly. Pop into the fridge or freezer for half an hour (longer is fine if you want to go back to it later). When ready, slice up and serve and enjoy!
Pin it for later…
I'm trying to be on my best behavior this year when it comes to my health. I'm trying to exercise more, eat in moderation, and resist temptation. Long story short, January was a complete and total failure. I think I went to gym once, and I don't even want to talk about my diet. This month, I gave myself a clean slate and re-focused on my priorities. I'm just trying to focus on the upcoming bikini season and how great I'll feel emotionally and physically when I'm in better shape. It isn't too hard for me to think of healthy options for the main meals of the day, but I've always had a problem with snacks. If I make a veggie-filled egg white omelet for breakfast or eat a salad for lunch, I'm fantasizing about cookies, ice cream, pizza, nachos, and all sorts of sugar and fat-filled foods within a few hours. People say to just snack on raw vegetables throughout the day. I'm sorry, but I'm not that girl. Baby carrots don't do anything for me.
I've been making it my personal mission to stock my pantry with healthy-ish, tasty foods to tide me over during my inevitable between-meal meltdowns. Today I'm sharing two of my favorite snack ideas that are sweet enough to curb my cravings for ice cream and healthy enough to avoid post-snack guilt. Both recipes are made with Liberté® Méditerranée yogurt, so head over to their website where you can see their variety of flavors and then head to the Publix website to print money-saving coupons to reduce your grocery bill!
Chocolate Cappuccino Protein Shake
If you're craving a frappucino, this recipe is for you. This quick and easy protein shake is perfect for a morning or afternoon snack, and it's great for breakfast too! I like to mix a carton of Liberté® Méditerranée cappuccino yogurt– which is totally delicious on its own too – with ice, chocolate protein powder, a splash of almond milk, and a teaspoon of chia seeds and ground flax seeds. If you really want to make this shake incredible, I'd highly recommend adding a splash of cold coffee! I like to freeze my leftover coffee in an ice cube tray and use the frozen coffee in place of ice cubes in this shake!
The yogurt, protein powder, and chia seeds make this yummy chocolate cappuccino shake incredibly filling, and you won't be disappointed by the taste. If I'm feeling particularly naughty, I might even add a small handful of chocolate chips to the top of my shake!
Caramel Apple Pie Parfait
When you're craving something sweet, this parfait is the perfect choice. Simply top a carton of Liberté® Méditerranée caramel yogurt with chopped apples and a handful of granola. The sweet caramel yogurt, tart apples, and cinnamon-infused granola combine to perfectly mimic the taste of apple pie. If you're not into parfaits, the caramel yogurt is a delicious dip for fresh fruit- especially crisp apples!
If you're looking for a sweet snack, I highly recommend the Liberté® Méditerranée yogurts. I bought my yogurts at Publix, but it's available nationwide!
Thanks to Liberté® Méditerranée for sponsoring today's post and giveaway! #YogurtPerfection
Pin 188 1.6K Shares
Cyber-attacks in the healthcare environment are on the rise, with recent research suggesting that critical healthcare systems could be vulnerable to attack.
In general, the healthcare industry is proving lucrative for cybercriminals because medical data can be used in multiple ways, for example fraud or identify theft. This personal data often contains information regarding a patient's medical history, which could be used in targeted spear-phishing attacks.
Dangerous attacks – what are the risks?
Cybercriminals have found medical data to be far more valuable than credit card fraud or other online scams. This is because medical information contains everything from a patient's medical history to their medical prescriptions, and hackers are able to access this data via network-connected medical devices, now standard in hi-tech hospitals. This is opening up new possibilities for attackers to breach a hospital or a pharmaceutical company's perimeter defences. If a device is connected to the internet and left vulnerable to attack, an attacker could remotely connect to it and use it as gateways for attacking network security.
The danger is that, because most of these devices are not on segregated networks and are directly connected to other medical computers or life-depending medical hardware, attackers could make their way to servers or databases housing sensitive and confidential patient records. Furthermore, whilst accessing medical data is a serious concern, there's also the risk of tampering with medical equipment that's keeping patients properly medicated. In this case, it is likely that future cyber-attacks could lead to the loss of human life.
The healthcare security spend – how much is enough?
Despite increasing attacks on healthcare organisations, 10 per cent or less of IT spend is put towards security, leading many recent reports to suggest that healthcare organisations are not taking the security of patients seriously. However, while 10 percent may seem small, healthcare organisations usually have large budgets, which means this could represent a lot more than what a small or medium-sized company would allocate towards security.
What is more of a concern is that, while organisations continue to put pressure on healthcare companies to secure patient data, 87 per cent of healthcare organisations are still leaving data at risk. If, until now, these organisations have focused on investing in quality services, medication and personnel, protecting a patient's medical data should be met with the same level of interest and involvement. With the number of implantable or internet-connected medical devices, medical organisations need to account for the fact that such devices could also be used to end life, not only protect it, in a cybercriminal's control.
Securing the data: Keeping the attackers at bay
The majority of healthcare organisations have often been shown to fail basic security practices, such as disabling concurrent login to multiple devices, enforcing strong authentication and even isolating critical devices and medical data storing servers from a direct internet connection. Organisations must start by fixing these shortcomings.
Furthermore, healthcare companies should implement security policies, and invest in Intrusion Detection Systems, access control lists and even regular pen-testing drills for identifying network, software and procedural issues.
Going forward, it is vital for companies to invest in training personnel to correctly identify security threats, as they're usually the ones most prone to social engineering techniques or spear-phishing attacks. Healthcare professionals that handle medical equipment should be trained and instructed on best security practices and medical devices security, as they could be directly responsible for a potential security breach or patient-related issues caused by mishandling such hardware or software.
Description
** NOTICE this is a Pre-Order! Records & full album download sent on or before 11/10/2017.
Pity Party! is a live to 2" tape acoustic album from Richard Edwards, consisting of performances of songs from Lemon Cotton Candy Sunset, Sling Shot To Heaven (Margot & the Nuclear So and So's), the next solo album (????), as well as an unreleased track "In Some Dreams". No overdubs, no comping, just some of Richard's best songs in their most intimate form.
A Letter from Richard:
When I began writing the songs that make up my solo album(s) I hadn't toured for awhile. I wasn't feeling good. Not being able to play music live, something I've done my whole life, had me feeling even worse. To remedy this, I began experimenting with live streaming myself playing these new tunes as they developed. It was a fun way to keep in touch with the people who like my music and the material developed as I shared with people, all stripped down and acoustic-like. And it seemed like people were tuning in and enjoying it, too! Eventually, I went to California and made a couple big ole' records complete with a band, but when it came time to go out and play shows, it was just lil' ole me and a guitar. Sometimes a generous woman to share singin' duties. Just how it worked out, I guess. I don't prefer the acoustic versions to the albums, but it was a beautiful experience playing them like that for people who hadn't seen me play for awhile. It seemed a shame to not preserve that experience in some way.
During breaks in show playing, I began going into a friend's studio. He'd put a big reel of tape on the machine and I'd just play. In between takes, we'd laugh about Nathan for you, catch up on each other's lives, then I'd finish up, pack up my guitar and split. I recorded the songs I'd been using to make up the setlist for this year's shows. Songs from Margot's swan dive, Sling Shot To Heaven (sorta my unofficial first "solo" record), songs from Lemon Cotton Candy Sunset, and songs from the next solo album, ????? (Shhh, don't tell anyone). I even did a song that's not on any of those records, called, "In Some Dreams", which one or two of you might remember as "Mayo Clinic Blues" or "Minnesota" from those old live streams. This is meant as a keepsake for those of you who shared my comeback year with me, and all of those early live streams when I was unsure whether or not there would be a "comeback". It's unfussy. Just a permanent record of how this particular batch of songs sounded when I played 'em mostly by myself in the year 2017. It's good for late night drives or Fall night's with the windows open. Thanks for listening, my babies.
With the tumult of conference realignment and expected changes coming to the Bowl Championship Series, it's hard to predict what the 2015 college football season will look like.
But on Tuesday, Navy, a football independent since the program began in 1879, joined the Big East, a conference that has been dizzied and diminished by recent defections. The Midshipmen will begin Big East play in 2015 in football only.
Conference commissioners will continue meeting during the next five months to discuss possible BCS changes, including the addition of four-team playoff and the end of automatic berths to the champions of marquee conferences. The Big East is one six automatic qualifying BCS conferences, a huge selling point for the league as it rebuilds after losing Pittsburgh and Syracuse to the Atlantic Coast Conference and West Virginia to the Big 12.
Navy athletics director Chet Gladchuk said the possible changes to the system were discussed during negotiations. "The post season, BCS, AQ (automatic qualifiers), etc., we realize is up for debate and analysis, but in the meantime we feel very strongly that the future of college football is in a conference," Gladchuk, citing advantages like branding and scheduling.
The school could not join the league earlier because of its scheduling agreements and TV contract. It will also not affect Navy's annual service academy games against Army and Air Force and its long-standing series with Notre Dame, Gladchuk said.
Given so much uncertainty, Navy coach Ken Niumatalolo said the move was a necessity. "There's a storm getting ready to come, a hurricane and those that are in homes don't really worry about it," Niumatalolo said. "It's the people outside looking in that need a place of refuge. It's been great for us to be independent but with the landscape of college football changing … we had to find a home and we feel like we found a great home in the Big East."
Navy certainly didn't step into conference membership lightly. The sides began detailed discussions a year ago but have talked about membership for 10 years, Gladchuk said. Given this age of speed-dial dating, where unions are formed seemingly overnight (West Virginia to the Big 12? San Diego State to the Big East?), this was an unusually lengthy courtship. "This is a marriage our membership has longed for, for many years," Big East commissioner John Marinatto said.
In December, the Big East added Boise State and San Diego State for football only and SMU, Houston and Central Florida in all sports. Those schools will join in 2013. With Navy, the Big East will have 11 football schools, after losing Pittsburgh and Syracuse to the Atlantic Coast Conference and West Virginia to the Big 12.
"We are not done yet. We feel we can get even stronger," Marinatto said. The league would like to build a 12-team conference with divisions and a championship game. The league also doubled its football exit fee to $10 million hoping for greater stability.For Navy, that fee does not go into effect until 2015.
Buy Photo Marcia Wilson walks into Hillary House Party and Rally hold a Hillary sign on Saturday, March 19, 2016 in Chambersburg, Pa. The event was held at Franklin County campaign headquarters. (Photo: Noelle Haro-Gomez/Public Opinion)Buy Photo
CHAMBERSBURG- Hillary Clinton supporters took to the streets to make their voices heard loud and clear Saturday afternoon at the Hillary House Party and Rally in and around Chambersburg.
The volunteer members of the Hillary Clinton Headquarters, or "Hillraisers" as Brendalynn Rakoske describes them, were gathering in their new location in downtown Chambersburg to meet with more than 40 fellow Clinton supporters and spread the word about what makes her, in their opinion, the most qualified candidate for not only the Democratic primaries, but also for the general election in November. The term "Hillraisers" comes from the combination of their love for Clinton and fundraising for her, according to Rakoske.
"We are back. It's time to get Hillary elected. We are still for Hill. Hillary can trump the Trump and cruise on in for the win," Rakoske said, trash-talking Republicans Donald Trump and Ted Cruz, while playing on Cruz's name.
Rakoske spoke of Clinton's accomplishments that she believes makes her qualified for the presidential role. Rakoske recalled how Clinton was class president at Wellesley College, how she graduated from Yale law school, championed children's rights and women's issues,and health reform, served as a U.S. Senate member for eight years, served as Secretary of State, and spent 20 years as First Lady during husband Bill's time as Arkansas governor and as the forty-second president of the United States.
"She's got more diplomacy in her little finger than all those other seventeen candidates that started last year on the Republican side," Rakoske said.
Clinton supporters and admirers weren't shy about voicing their thoughts on their candidate and why she should be the next president and why they are on her side.
"She's definitely the best qualified candidate of all of them out there. I want to see my girl get into office," volunteer Trish Cordell said.
"I support a candidate that cares about character and who our kids can look up to as a role model," Kim Calimer said.
"It's way past time for a woman to be president of the United States, May Louise Zumwalt said.
Supporters also began a march around the town square, drumming up publicity for Clinton, with chants such as "Have a vision, make the right decision" and "Hey Pa, where's Ma? Gone to the White House, ha ha ha".
"It isn't about the fact that she's a woman. This is the right woman. She is the right woman in the whole world ready to do this job and to do it now and to do it right at the right time," Rakoske said.
David Barr, 717-262-4752
Read or Share this story: http://ponews.co/1RbqiYi
With a new crowdfunding campaign and development on the animated series underway, Comcept has released a new video offering a peek at the world of Mighty No. 9.
The video below shows off the moves of protagonist Beck — one of the Mighty Numbers, a group of powerful robots — and a handful of his transformations. Beck cycles through the power of several different robots that harness machine guns and spikes, the powers of water and ice and a lethal-looking sword, among others. Viewers also get a quick look at two of the game's bosses — Mighty No. 2 and Mighty No. 5. — and how Beck can battle them.
Around the 50-second mark, viewers can briefly ogle gameplay for Call, Beck's equally-robotic gal companion. Like Beck, she can run, jump and scale walls, as well as propel herself across short distances with a jetpack on her back. Unlike Beck, however, she's a little less excitable and is more in tune with her robot nature — read more on that in our interview with the team designing the Mighty No. 9 cartoon.
Mighty No. 9 is currently slated to launch in 2015 for Linux, Mac, Nintendo 3DS, Wii U, PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, PlayStation Vita, Windows PC, Xbox 360 and Xbox One.
A concept plucked from nature
SmartFlower is a stand-based solar panel system available for either home or business use. The basic version is a "plug-and-play" photovoltaic system. The plus version, which has on-grid or off-grid options, adds battery storage. Regardless of which model you get, the system is made of a series of individual "petal" panels connected to a center point, making the system face resemble a daisy or zinnia blossom.
What makes SmartFlower a cut above the rest
The engineers behind SmartFlower packed some powerful features into the system, looking at how flowers behave through the day and considering the limitations of other solar designs. As described on the SmartFlower website,
Smart technology tells the system to open the panels when the sun rises in the morning.
Through the day, Smartflower automatically calculates the optimal angle to the sun, moving the fan of panels to capture the highest amount of energy. Although you can adjust traditional panels on your roof a few times a year to improve what you're getting, that adjustment still doesn't compare to the daily differentiation SmartFlower provides.
Sensors monitor wind speeds. If the system detects bad weather, the panels fold up until it's better outside, protecting your investment.
Brushes are included on the back of individual panels. Thus, each time the system opens, each panel cleans the panel underneath. Subsequently, SmartFlower can produce energy up to 5% more efficiently than rooftop panels covered with dust and debris. This built-in cleaning process is a major improvement, too, in that it doesn't require you to hose or sweep the panels, or to pay an arm and a leg for professionals to do it for you.
The modules are rear ventilated. The subsequent lack of hot air accumulation translates to a temperature difference of 18 degrees Fahrenheit and an output increase of up to 10% compared to traditional roof systems.
Combined, all these features translate to a system that, overall, is 40% more efficient than traditional solar. And oh, yeah. Don't like where the system is or need to move it? You can pack it up and switch locations based on your preferences or needs.
The final choice is yours
CLOSE What happens when a major pop star takes on tech giant Apple? She wins the war. Jefferson Graham explains how she did and why. By Sean Fujiwara
Taylor Swift
LOS ANGELES — Taylor Swift is right: We shouldn't be holding benefits for Apple.
The tech giant is about to launch a new $9.99 monthly music subscription service, Apple Music, on June 30, and to get folks to try it out, Apple will offer free three-month trial subscriptions.
At the same time, Apple had told musicians it won't pay royalties during this period because no money is coming in. That's all changed now, thanks to Swift, arguably the biggest pop star today. She famously took on industry giant Spotify last year in a royalty dispute, and was even more eloquent this time in a post on her Tumblr page: "We don't ask you for free iPhones. Please don't ask us to provide you with our music for no compensation."
Sunday night, Apple Music chief Eddy Cue took to Twitter to answer Swift, insisting that Apple would pay artists during the free trial. The giant tech firm caved.
Apple already has the top music site in the world, iTunes. And with nearly $200 billion in cash in the bank, if it wanted to Apple could spend heavily to get all the world's top musicians in its corner and make the new music service a success.
Instead, it was being shortsighted and enraging the artists they need to build a successful alternative to Spotify and Pandora.
Anton Newcombe from the band the Brian Jonestown Massacre tweeted that when he balked at offering his music for free for three months, Apple said it would take his music off iTunes. In response, Apple told Rolling Stone magazine that Newcombe's tweets weren't true — his music would stay on iTunes.
#AppleMusic will pay artist for streaming, even during customer's free trial period — Eddy Cue (@cue) June 22, 2015
Either way, musicians have been hopping mad about the terms they've seen in the contracts.
The new James Taylor album. (Photo: Amazon)
In a recent AP interview, veteran singer/songwriter James Taylor said he was upset about the general lack of dollars being generated by music streaming. Instead of pennies on the dollar in return, "for every dollar they bring in, they should be giving 50 cents to the people who actually recorded the music," he said.
With Apple Music, Apple is hoping that we'll switch from the on-demand ease of Spotify and computer-generated curated radio of Pandora to a new service that offers both, with better selection. "Our dedicated team of experts is here to help you find new music to love," Apple said on its website.
One expert came through and convinced Apple to reverse course by paying musicians for their efforts. Apple made nice with her. Can it repair relations with the rest of the industry too?
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1N13OaN
The Pew Forum on Religion and Public Life released a report on Wednesday that is bound to stir conversation about the increasingly complicated cacophony of spirituality in America — a mash-up of traditional faiths, fantasy and mythology.
Entitled “Many Americans Mix Multiple Faiths,” the report points out that many Americans are now choosing to “blend Christianity with Eastern or New Age beliefs” and that “sizable minorities of all major U.S. religious groups” said that they have had supernatural experiences, like encountering ghosts.
For the first time in 47 years of polling, the number of Americans who said that they have had a religious or mystical experience, which the question defined as a “moment of sudden religious insight or awakening,” was greater than those who said that they had not.
(Question: Does the first time I saw Michael Jackson's “Thriller” video count?)
Twenty percent of Protestants and 28 percent of Catholics said they believe in reincarnation, which flies in the face of Christianity's rapture scenario. Furthermore, about the same percentages said they believe in astrology, yoga as a spiritual practice and the idea that there is “spiritual energy” pulsing from things like “mountains, trees or crystals.” Uh-oh. Someone's God is going to be jealous.
Surprisingly, in some cases, those who identified themselves as Christian were more likely to believe these things than those who were unaffiliated. (It should be noted that unaffiliated is not the same as nonbeliever. Many are spiritual people who simply haven't found the right church, synagogue, mosque, coven, Ouija board club, or whatever.)
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Furthermore, 16 percent of Protestants and 17 percent of Catholics said that they believe that some people can use the “evil eye” to “cast curses or spells that cause bad things to happen.” I have to say that based on the looks my mother used to shoot me when I was misbehaving, that evil eye thing might have legs.
Supporters and opponents of proposals to make illegal to teach elementary and middle school students about gay issues crowd a committee room in Nashville, Tenn., on Wednesday, Feb. 8, 2012. But the House Education Subcommittee adjoured before taking up the measures an overflow crowd had arrived to see. At left, checking phone, is Bobbie Patray, state president of the Eagle Forum and supporter of the bill sponsored by Rep. Joey Hensley, R-Hohenald. (AP Photo/Erik Schelzig) Photo by Associated Press /Times Free Press. Photo by Associated Press /Times Free Press.
POLL: Should K-8 teachers be allowed to discuss homosexuality with students? no
yes Submit Results no: 0.00 % (0) yes: 100.00 % (1) Total Responses: 1
NASHVILLE - Opponents of a measure that seeks to ban Tennessee public schools from teaching about gay issues said Wednesday they will continue to show up in large groups to protest the legislation.
The proposal, dubbed the "Don't Say Gay" bill, is sponsored by Rep. Joey Hensley and was scheduled to be heard in the House Education Subcommittee.
The Hohenwald Republican, who is chairman of the subcommittee, said he wanted to be out of the committee room by a certain time so he delayed taking up his bill and others until next week.
"It was just last on the calendar, and there were three or four bills left," he said. "If we had had time, we certainly would have heard all the bills. We'll put it on the calendar first next week."
Chris Sanders is chairman of the Nashville committee of the Tennessee Equality Project, which organized the gathering of protesters.
He said he doesn't view Hensley's decision as disrespectful, but that the protesters will be "keeping the pressure on."
Protester Eric Patton said he didn't necessarily object to Hensley's proposal being delayed because he doesn't want to see it voted on at all.
"The longer it's not in the law, that's OK with me," said the 21-year-old.
The companion to Hensley's proposal passed the Senate last year. It limits all sexually related instruction to "natural human reproduction science" in kindergarten through eighth grade.
Hensley said he plans to amend the House version to say the same thing.
First let's start with the obvious: what is the hymenal ring, and why should we know about it? I will begin with very brief definition of the hymen itself, as a full posting about the anatomical, physiological, socio-cultural, religious, and sexual aspects of the hymen deserve a separate post.
According to Anne Frye in Healing Passage, page 52:
“The hymen is a thin, circular or crescent-shaped fold of mucous membrane located just inside the introitus… The hymen is absent in some women.”
If a vagina-owner has a hymen, each is shaped differently, and thus, breaks differently. Variation of shapes are displayed in the picture below:
If a hymen is present, when the hymen breaks, which may or may not happen, it may break during exercise, tampon use, masturbation, or sexual activity. It breaks, but does not disappear. The pieces that remain are referred to as the hymenal ring. The one-sentence description I found of the hymenal ring?
“It consists of tags of firm, fibrous scar tissue on either side.”
As the hymen itself may have been “located just inside the introitus at a depth that varies between 0.5 to 2cm,” so such is also the location of the remaining hymenal ring. Healing Passage, Anne Frey, p. 52.
The following clinical scenarios occurred recently that have led me to ponder the hymenal ring:
Notable tension during fetal head descent and crowning specifically at the hymenal ring, with vaginal tissue and skin around the introitus without the same tension
A woman with vulvodynia, specifically with pain around the area of the hymenal ring
Discomfort with the speculum exam, for multiple women only to the point of the hymenal ring, and a prior preceptor who regularly encouraged spending as little time as possible applying pressure to the area of the hymenal ring during speculum and bimanual exams
Dyspareunia and concern about “tags” in the vagina causing pain during sex
A recent assessment of bladder prolapse, the degree of which was measured by proximity to, or passing of, the hymenal ring
Consequently, I have had many questions about the remnants of tissue left from the hymen, and what the research has to say. Thus, I went searching for more information. Facts to know:
1. Hymen comes from the Greek word hymen, meaning membrane. Wikipedia, hymenorrhaphy.
2. “Remnants of the hymen are referred to as carunculae myrtiformes, or hymenales but are most commonly referred to as hymenal tags.” Healing Passage, Anne Frye, p. 52.
3. Varney's Midwifery does not have the word ‘hymen', in the glossary. I found discussion of the hymenal ring in three sections. The first, “Inspection of the External Genitalia”: “Inspect the vaginal introitus for (1) the hymen or its remnants (myrtiform caruncles), an intact hymen is normal unless tight and rigid or imperforate; myrtiform caruncles are also normal (p. 1173). The second in the section “Procedure for Speculum Examination”: “Insert the speculum into the vagina at an oblique angle past the hymenal ring” (p. 1177). In this section, a rationale for the oblique angle of the speculum is provided, but no detail is given as to why “past the hymenal ring” is advised. The third section, “Principles and Thoughts About Episiotomy and Laceration Repair”: “Good functional results also include not creating functional problems during the process of repair, for example… not creating sexual problems by placing stitches in the hymenal ring… all of which can cause dyspareunia” (p. 1284).
4. The hymenal ring is used as a landmark in assess pelvic organ prolapse (POP), in the most-often used Pelvic Organ Prolapse-Quantification (POP-Q) method. Each of the six quantification points are assigned in relation to the hymenal ring as the stationary vaginal landmark.
5. The hymenal ring, and tags present at the site, should be differentiated from “normal configurations of the hymen,” which may include “mounds, notches, and tags… If the hymenal edges are smooth and without interruption in the inferior half, the hymen is probably normal.” Bates' Guide to Physical Examination and History Taking, p. 828-829. NB: As should be noted with all things deemed “normal,” the vagina, and its parts, including hymens and their rings, likely have incredible variation, and beauty.
6. “[The hymen] is composed mainly of elastic and collagenous connective tissue, and both outer and inner surfaces are covered by stratified epithelium… The edges of the torn tissue soon re-epithelialize. In pregnant women, the epithelium of the hymen is thick, and the tissue is rich in glycogen. Changes produced in the hymen by childbirth are usually readily recognizable.” Williams Obstetrics, p. 17.
7. Hymenotomy refers to the cutting of hymenal tissue during birth. “The hymenal ring will usually tear during the first term birth. [You will often note a trickle of blood during crowning as this occurs (insert from page 474)]. As a rule, this happens easily, but occasionally the tissue is tough and resistant. Some practitioners find that snipping a tough hymen down to the center, flush with the yoni wall, will direct the tearing and prevent ragged skin tags with difficult-to-repair deviations. It may also invite a straight tear down to the perineum just as a clitorotomy would do. You will have to use your judgment regarding the ethics of cutting prophylactically and the expected helpfulness of a hymenotomy in a particular case.” Healing Passage, Anne Frye, p. 253.
8. Bleeding during first intercourse does not necessarily indicate breaking of the hymen. The concept of “first bleed” could be caused by tense vaginal muscles, inadequate lubrication, rushed entry, or vaginal abrasions not related to hymenal tears. Thus, a lack of bleeding on first intercourse does not necessarily mean that the hymen did not break, or that there was no intact hymen to be broken. Thus, hymenal tags may be the normal hymen state, damage to the hymen, or complete breaking of the hymen. From general reading and seemingly logical information.
9. “Past neonatal stage, the diameter of the hymenal opening (measure within the hymenal ring) widens by approximately 1mm for each year of age.” Wikipedia, Hymen.
10. The hymenal ring is an anatomical reference for vulvar pain diagnosis: “Chronic vulvar pain that has no clear etiology is called vulvodynia. When the pain is conﬁned to the outer edge of the hymen and the interior edge of the inner surface of the labia minora, it is termed vestibulodynia.” Teri Stone-Godena, “Vulvar Pain Syndromes: Vestibulodynia,” JMWH, Nov/Dec 2006, p. 502.
11. The hymenal ring is an anatomical reference for levator ani muscle strength in pessary fitting: “Pelvic ﬂoor strength is assessed by asking the patient to perform a Kegel exercise. The examiner palpates the levator ani muscle in the posterior vagina 2 to 4 cm above the hymenal ring.” J.M. Maito, et al., Predictors of Successful Pessary Fitting and Continued Use in a Nurse-Midwifery Pessary Clinic, JMWH, Mar/Apr 2006, p. 78.
12. The Feminist Women's Health Collective in the 1970s defined many structures as clitoral, and thus able to be stimulated and included in arousal tissue, including the hymen (referred to in the referenced article). NB: the sensation of the clitoral basis would logically continue to remaining hymenal structures, including carunculae myrtiforms and remaining hymenal ring tissue. Aileen MacLaren, Primary Care for Women: Comprehensive Sexual Health Assessment, JMWH, Mar/Apr 1995, p. 104.
13. The hymenal ring is a landmark during the repair of vaginal tears after birth. “See how much space there is between your anchor stitch and the hymenal ring… If the hymen is deeply placed, plan your last stitch to be in front of it. If the hymen is relatively shallow (as most are), plan your last stitch to be behind it… Never sew through the hymenal tags themselves and don't attempt to reconstruct the hymenal ring. This will cause extreme pain and is totally unnecessary. Be sure not to strangle the hymenal tags as you secure each stitch.” Healing Passage, Anne Frey, p. 506.
14. Hemenorrhaphy, or hymenoplasty, is the restoration of hymenal tags into a form similar to the originating hymen, the optimum result of which may cause bleeding during intercourse. In societies where virginitiy may be assessed by the presence of an intact hymen versus hymenal tags, possibly assessed by bleeding during first intercourse with a new partner, this procedure is discussed in limited literature regarding the role of gynecologists in performing the procedure, including here.
Despite cellular definitions of hymenal tissue and remaining tag structures, little is known about to continue physiologic role of the hymenal ring or carunculae myrtiformes in vaginal anatomy, sensation, interrelationship with neighboring tissues and organs, and support for women who experience pain in the area of the fibrous hymenal ring. Clearly, however, its recognition is not missed as an anatomical reference point, its palpable difference to surrounding tissue, and pain- and pleasure-sensing points.
Lessons learned? The hymenal ring is different for everyone, vascular, sensitive, and an area of vaginal anatomy that likely could use additional research as to its vaginal elasticity related to estrogen supply, elasticity during childbirth, involvement with dyspareunia or vestibulodynia, and varied positioning in regards to a landmark structure for pelvic organ prolapse and suturing.
Do you know anything, or can link to any research, about the hymenal ring not listed here? Would love to know more!
According to police, the 27-year-old woman was walking in the eastern district of Friedrichshain late on Monday night when an unknown cyclist sprayed her in the face with a liquid, which fire services said was acidic. The exact substance is not yet known.
The woman told police that the male cyclist was dressed in dark colours, and had continued biking after the attack.
The woman went to hospital to be treated for serious damage to her eyes, according to local broadcaster rbb.
This was the fifth such case reported since December last year. In January, another 27-year-old woman in the eastern Prenzlauer Berg neighbourhood was also attacked by a male bike rider in a similar way.
In December, a cyclist attacked three women with a skin-irritating liquid. In at least one of these attacks, the substance was found to be battery acid.
Police are now investigating whether there is a connection among the cases.
According to video-taper/eyewitness testimonial, What in the worlds is going on over my town located in Sävedalen (Sweden) ? Find out for yourself!
About 2 hours ago i saw something unidentified flying around in my town (as usual). I was standing outside looking up to the sky, when all of a sudden i see a red orb, after a few minutes i start seeing other strange crafts. Then one really big ruby red UFO orb appears (as seen in the video) and it flew very close by, just a few seconds afterwards i saw a police helicopter searching for something with it´s searchlights. It headed towards of the direction of the UFO, then the red UFO faded away and the helicopter then spotted me watching or recording, it hit me with the spotlights briefly and then i went inside to stay hidden and record it from my window.
After it flew over us it kept circling Ljungkullen in (Sävedalen) for close to an hour, eventually it came across one of the unidentified crafts hovering next to the big antenna, this is just the type of craft i have been recording since 2009, it does not belong to either the Swedish army nor the airports. There is no freaking way that a police helicopter would be that scared of a normal airliner.. This is the truth people! There exists morphing UFO´s that can either alter their shape or they have the ability to create holograms, there also exists red ruby orbs whom i believe are real alien beings whom visit our skies frequently the big questions is what does not exist in our world ? Time to open up your eyes and senses a new reality is approaching!
I have been seeing these crafts since 2010 together with Scully, it seems i must have alerted the police and the government about their presence with my previous phone call and my videos. This experience confirms it all! Sweden has no idea about what i am recording not the media nor the military, it these crafts do not belong to our country who knows if they even belong to our planet ? Maybe our government and media is not lying after all ? Maybe they simple have no clue what these crafts are..
I did not call the police today or informed the media just to see if they would not make an article about this incident and say something stupid about it. so far so good. If this video comes out before they make an article about it then there is no lying about it in the media, then they will be forced to admit that they don´t know what these crafts are and that they acknowledged their existence.
I have recorded a lot of other things during this event, many other sightings including a suspicious red car parked on the sidewalk looking towards our direction, i also saw that strange 11.11.11. light again on the mountain earlier i recorded it for a while, it might be related to the red ufos, maybe thats where they come from from under the mountains.
GP or mainstream media says nothing about what happened today! The only thing mentioned was that a mysterious sinkhole appeared in Göteborg a few hours ago, it might be related to the orbs! They live underground all of them i know it! Explosions have been heard for hours in the sky also since the police helicopter and the crafts left this place.
THIS IS IT GUYS! PREPARE YOURSELF FOR THE EVENT OF YOUR LIFE!
The truth is imminent now disclosure is now!
Do not be afraid dear friends! be strong, honest and fearless unity people! This is our time to shine, to tell the truth and to be catalysts of a new era!
All shall forever be changed now.
MUCH MORE FOOTAGE COMING SOON!
Show full PR text
RIBA-II, the next generation care-giving robot
New robot boasts the latest in sensor technology, promises a brighter future for Japan's elderly population
August 2, 2011
A new robot using high-precision tactile sensors and flexible motor control technology has taken Japan one step closer to its goal of providing high-quality care for its growing elderly population. Developed by researchers at RIKEN and Tokai Rubber Industries (TRI), the new robot can lift a patient up to 80kg in weight off floor-level bedding and into a wheelchair, freeing care facility personnel of one of their most difficult and energy-consuming tasks.
With an elderly population in need of nursing care projected to reach a staggering 5.69 million by 2015, Japan faces an urgent need for new approaches to assist care-giving personnel. One of the most strenuous tasks for such personnel, carried out an average of 40 times every day, is that of lifting a patient from a futon at floor level into a wheelchair. Robots are well-suited to this task, yet none have yet been deployed in care-giving facilities.
In 2009, the RIKEN-TRI Collaboration Center for Human-Interactive Robot Research (RTC), a joint project established in 2007 and located at the Nagoya Science Park in central Japan, unveiled a robot called RIBA (Robot for Interactive Body Assistance) designed to assist in this task. The first robot capable of lifting a patient from a bed to a wheelchair and back, RIBA charted a new course in the development of care-giving robots, yet functional limitations prevented its direct commercialization.
RTC's new robot, named RIBA-II, overcomes these limitations with added power and functionality. New joints in the robot's base and lower back enable RIBA-II to crouch down and lift a patient off a futon at floor level (Figure 1), the most physically strenuous task for care-givers and one that RIBA was not able to do. RIBA-II accomplishes this task using newly-developed Smart Rubber sensors (Table 1, Figure 2, 3), the first capacitance-type tactile sensors made entirely of rubber. Printed in sheets and fitted onto the robot's arms and chest, the sensors enable high-precision tactile guidance and allow RIBA-II to quickly detect a person's weight from touch alone, guaranteeing patient safety.
In the future, RTC researchers will work together with partner nursing care facilities to test RIBA-II and further tailor it to the needs of care-givers and their patients, while also developing new applications in areas such as rehabilitation. TRI aims to bring care-giving robots like RIBA-II to the market in the near future, promising support for aging populations in countries around the world.
The talking heads at CNN and MSNBC are positively giddy. Aha! A Russia connection. Donald Trump Jr. met with Russians! It's best when they can find a liberal guest to say what they're thinking, and they have plenty from which to choose.
Here's a sentence of hyperbole from Congressman Eric Swalwell (D-Calif.) on CNN: “I think we are seeing an unprecedented amount of contacts, personal, political and financial, that Trump, his family, his team, his business had with Russia prior to the election.”
The use of the word “unprecedented” displays amnesia or ignorance or simply a re-write of recent American history. Liberal journalists would like everyone to forget the Clintons and the Democratic National Committee engaged in a blatant strategy to solicit illegal foreign contributions from Asian sources before the 1996 election. Their contacts included Liu Chaoying, daughter of the senior commander of Red China's “People's Liberation Army,” who met with President Clinton.
The Washington Post reported in 1998 that “Evidence gathered in federal surveillance intercepts has indicated that the Chinese government planned to increase China's influence in the U.S. political process in 1996.” Doesn't that sound like a precedent?
After Clinton was easily re-elected, the DNC was forced to return more than $2.8 million in illegal or improper donations from foreign nationals. Almost 80 percent of that ill-gotten gain came from two sleazy Clinton-connected fundraisers, John Huang and Charlie Trie. Few people remember this scandal because it was buried by those same news outlets that can't stop talking about Russia.
It's not as if they didn't know, either.
Twenty years ago this summer, Congress investigated this “Asiagate” plot. While Sen. Fred Thompson's hearings produced one embarrassing detail after another about the Democrats. How did the press report these damning developments? They bad-mouthed the hearings as a waste of money and buried them under massive coverage of tabloidish stories of death – first the murder of fashion designer Gianni Versace in July, and then the accidental death of Princess Diana in August.
By 2000, journalists had energetically forgotten the almost-cinematic embarrassments of 1996, like Al Gore's Buddhist temple fundraiser in Hacienda Heights, California. Buddhist monks illegally funneled $65,000 to the DNC through straw donors at the instigation of longtime Gore fundraiser Maria Hsia. When newspaper accounts of this money-laundering appeared, temple officials altered and destroyed evidence. The TV networks yawned, even as Hsia was convicted on five counts.
The Clintons were never chastened from exploiting foreign donors, moving them all into the influence-peddling orbit of the Clinton Foundation and the Clinton Global Initiative. Even after Hillary Clinton became Secretary of State in 2009, the Clintons shamelessly continued their international contacts – “personal, political, and financial,” as the Democrats put it. The Clintons made an arrangement with the Obama administration to disclose their donations from foreign governments – and then shamelessly violated it. When Mrs. Clinton left office in 2013, a raft of foreign governments rushed to donate to the widely expected Democratic front-runner of 2016 – to “save lives,” of course, through the Clinton charities.
The moment she lost, foreign contributions dried up, and suddenly the Global Initiative was shuttered.
While the national media currently obsess over a 20-minute meeting Donald Trump Jr had with a “Kremlin-backed lawyer,” we can guess that if the election had turned out differently, the Clintons would have turned their foundation over to Chelsea and made another raft of insincere promises about keeping any conflicts of interests at bay. Investigating Chelsea's foreign contacts would be portrayed by journalists as a form of child abuse, or an early campaign against the Next President Clinton.
And now back to Donald Jr.....
If you were teaching a programming course, what language would you teach it in?
I like this question because it has any number of good answers, each quite different from the other, and each emblematic of a different approach to what programming is about.
The first formal programming class I took was COS 217 at Princeton, taught by the excellent (and at the time, I thought, terrifying) Anne Rogers. The course was (and is) taught in C, and the intellectual approach of the class was to start from the machine. Instead of just learning to program in C, we learned about how the machines we were programming to worked. That was where I first encountered instruction counters, stack frames, registers and the memory hierarchy. It was exhilarating.
Where C encourages you to start with the machine, Scheme wants you to start at the mathematical foundations of computation. You don't need to know what the lambda caluclus is to appreciate Scheme's slim core, and the way in which you can build a rich and vibrant computational world on top of it. That core is expressive enough that it makes it natural to introduce ideas that come up in multiple different languages, including functional and imperative techniques, object orientation, and logic programming.
The classic course in this vein is MIT's 6.001, also known as SICP, The Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programming. Sadly, 6.001 has been retired at MIT, but the book lives on, and is a worthwhile read even if you took your last CS course years ago.
MIT replaced SICP with a course based on Python, and this reflects a broader trend. As was highlighted by an informal study by Philip Guo, lots of schools now teach Python, particularly for early introductory courses. I have mixed feelings about this choice. Python is a wonderfully friendly language, but that friendliness is bundled together with some problems.
This was made apparent to me in part by my experience with students who chose to code in their interviews in Python. In many ways, Python is the ideal interview language, since its concise and readable syntax makes the constraints of coding on the whiteboard more bearable. But what I saw was that students who learn Python often walk away with a rather rough model of the semantics of the language. You might be surprised at what fraction of students who have programmed extensively in Python can't guess how Python lists might be implemented, to say nothing of their ability to explain the semantics of language features like generators or decorators.
This isn't really a knock on Python. After all, there's something great about a tool that lets you get things done without fully understanding how it works. But in different ways, both Scheme and C encourage you to understand what's going on from the ground up, and there's a certain pedagogical power in that. All in, I think Python is a great choice for an early introductory course, particularly one meant for those who aren't going to end up as computer scientists or full-time programmers. But I'd be leery of using it outside of those circumstances.
A development that I'm personally rather encouraged by is the emergence of statically typed functional languages, ML in particular, as teaching tools. Over the last few years, I've had the pleasure of visiting and lecturing at a number of schools that teach using OCaml or SML, including Brown, Cornell, Penn, Princeton, CMU and Harvard.
ML has gained ground for good reasons. First, it shares much of Scheme's elegant intellectual foundations, even though its core isn't quite as charmingly minimalistic as Scheme's. But ML has a wider range than Scheme because it allows you to show students the role of types in programming. Despite that greater range, OCaml and SML are relatively simple languages, which matters even more for teaching than it does for everyday use.
The only choice I've seen a lot of that I can't reconcile myself to is Java. Java is of course a widely used industrial language, but that doesn't mean it's a good teaching language. In my view, a key requirement for a teaching language is simplicity, and all the other choices I mentioned are simple in one way or another: C is a minimal layer on top of the machine; Scheme and ML are based on simple mathematical models of computation; and Python is a language that people find simple to use.
Java isn't simple in any of these ways. It's not particularly easy to get started with, as indicated by all the things you need to tell students to ignore rather than understand. (Yeah, public static void main , I'm looking at you!) Nor does it have a simple and transparent execution model like C. And an elegant computational core calculus like the one at the heart of Scheme and ML is nowhere in sight. The only real advantage I see for Java is vocational, and that doesn't seem to me like argument enough.
The thing to consider when you're picking a language to teach is that you're not just picking a bit of infrastructure for your students to program with during the course. You're picking an intellectual frame through which they will see all the lessons you teach them. And you should pick that frame with care.
This is the first column in a series, where Verge staffers post highly subjective reviews of animals. Up until now, we've written about animals without telling you whether they suck or rule. We are now rectifying this oversight.
Everyone knows cats are metal as hell.
"Kill 'em all and let God sort 'em out." -cats Seriously: as obligate carnivores, cats must eat meat — like all other obligate carnivores (a fellowship that includes mink, dolphins, and sea lions), they've lost their ability to make certain amino acids. They must kill to survive. This probably explains why, as any cat owner can attest, one of their moods is best described as kill 'em all and let God sort 'em out. To execute this mission, these creatures essentially have razorblades attached to their hands. Their tongues are optimized for stripping flesh from bone, and they can see in the dark, have excellent depth perception, and are extremely attuned to motion. Here's how crazy their vision is: cats' eyes, unlike ours, don't need to be lubricated by blinking — the better for keeping watch on prey.
Cats are both more recently domesticated than dogs and less domesticated, since intermixing with feral populations has meant humans haven't weeded out all their wild traits. But unlike dogs, they got smarter during the domestication process. This is an animal that knows a win-win situation and exploits it.
Even cats' parasites are capable of controlling cats' prey
That's not all. Cats are capable of controlling mice — their prey — with chemicals in their urine. And they're the preferred home of the parasite Toxoplasmosis gondii; though the single-celled parasite infects many animals (most human infections in the US are due to lamb, pork, and venison, not cats), it can only reproduce in cats, which means that even cats' parasites are capable of toying with cats' prey. T. gondii infections in mice make them attracted to the smell of cat. There's some evidence that T. gondii can even mess with human brains.
But despite being asocial killing machines, they've snuggled their way into our homes and hearts. They're the rare huggable vicious killing machine, nature's version of Tony Soprano. Their purrs — which happen both when cats are comfortable and when they need to soothe themselves in stressful situations — may help heal muscles and bones. And because hunting for dinner means a lot of work, they conserve energy through frequent napping. (In the interest of full disclosure: I am writing this review with a kitten asleep on my lap right now, so you know I'm calm, thoughtful, rational, and entirely unbiased.)
The soothing power of cat purrs may explain another weird benefit of these tiny monsters: they're really great for people. One study — take it with a grain of salt, since it was presented at a conference and not in a peer-reviewed paper — showed that cat owners reduce their risk of heart attacks by a third, compared to non-cat owners. And like Tony Soprano, cats really do love their families: they remember when people, especially women, are kind to them and return the favor.
Do cats have downsides? Sure. In North America, they're an invasive species, and they're just hell on birds. (Though honestly, humans are way worse.) Of course, this is easy to deal with: keep your cat indoors.
In conclusion, cats are tiny huggable murderers with soft tummies, healing powers, and mind control. I give them a rating of 10.0 points on our 10.0-point scale — that's right, purrfect — and if that's due to my T. gondii infection, it's still well earned.
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
President Obama discusses the federal budget at the White House. (AP Photo/Manuel Balce Ceneta) Ad Policy
At the start of his second term, events pushed President Obama to choose between the living and the dead. He chose dead millionaires over elderly people living on Social Security. The wealthy were given a most generous reduction in the estate taxes to be collected when they die. Social Security beneficiaries were told to live with smaller benefit checks. Instead of comforting the afflicted and afflicting the comfortable, Obama went the other way.
I asked Robert McIntyre, the celebrated reformer at Citizens for Tax Justice, what he makes of this odd presidential twist. “The Obama administration has mixed feelings about old people,” McIntyre dryly observed. “Old people on Social Security deserve smaller benefits. Old people who own estates worth tens of millions deserve smaller tax bills for their children.”
How could this have happened with a Democratic president in the White House? In early January, under pressure to make a “fiscal cliff” deal with Republicans, the president signed a new estate tax law that delivered a gorgeous windfall for those with accumulated wealth—or, rather, for their children or others who inherit the family fortunes. All rich people are now entitled to an estate-tax exemption of $5 million. That is seven times larger than the exemption that existed in the last years of the Clinton administration ($670,000) and more than double George W. Bush's ($2 million).
Furthermore, because this new estate-tax exemption is indexed to protect against inflation, the exemption will keep growing bigger year after year. For 2012, the exemption rose by $120,000 and another $130,000 for 2013. That's an annual inflation-driven increase of about 2.5 percent, though Social Security recipients received an increase of only 1.7 percent at the same time.
The new cost-of-living index Obama has proposed for Social Security would work in the opposite direction. It is designed to reduce Social Security benefits in future years, less than what people would get from the present calculation. The White House describes its so-called “chained CPI” as a technical fix that is good government policy.
Yet, taken together, these changes are a revenue loser for the government. The generous reductions in the estate tax will cost around $400 billion in lost revenue by not reverting to terms before the Bush II presidency worked to undermine it. The “chained CPI” fix for Social Security and other programs, including the estate tax exemption, is expected to save only about half as much as the estate tax loses—and those savings come not from the rich, but the broad ranks of working people.
Meanwhile, fewer than 4,000 very rich people will be left to pay the estate tax. This is not total victory for Republicans—they wanted to abolish the estate tax altogether—but it seems close enough. If you want to understand how the federal government drives the nation's increasing inequality, look no further than the federal tax code.
The president is evidently having second thoughts of his own, at least about the rotten estate-tax deal he accepted. His new budget message promises to reopen that bad bargain and reinstate the estate tax exemption of $3.5 million that existed during his first year in office. Good luck with that one, Mr. President. It is hard to take his gesture seriously since the president proposes to restore the estate tax in 2018—two years after he has left office.
A more ambitious political leader would articulate and demand what he wants and what his party will insist on, regardless of whether it seems immediately achievable. Democrats are instead undercut by Obama's sense of caution. Robert Greenstein of the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, though supportive of Obama on the “chained CPI” issue, has wistfully cited an alternative remedy proposed by the late Robert Ball in his last years. Ball was a wise and trusted Social Security commissioner whom liberals relied on. He wrote that government could insure the permanent solvency of Social Security by raising the cap on the payroll tax deductions and by dedicating the revenue from the estate tax to keeping the Social Security trust fund in good health.
That connection between dead millionaires and retired working people could solve a lot of problems. It probably sounds too radical for Obama Democrats.
The president's recurring problem is his softball style of governing. He begins negotiations by giving up his leverage—offering to retreat from the party's crown jewels like Social Security or the strong estate tax Democrats traditionally defended. Then he asks Republicans to be reasonable and reciprocate. They respond by kicking him in the shins. Republicans play hardball, and with considerable success. Obama Democrats are playing badminton.
At his luxury library-museum complex, George W. Bush's legacy lives on—without Dick Cheney and Karl Rove. Read John Nichols's take.
Community (season 6) DVD cover Country of origin United States No. of episodes 13 Release Original networks Yahoo! Screen Original release March 17 ( ) –
June 2, 2015 ( 2015-06-02 ) Season chronology Previous
Season 5 List of Community episodes
The sixth and final season of the television comedy series Community premiered on Yahoo! Screen on March 17, 2015, with a two-episode premiere, and concluded on June 2, 2015.[1] The season consists of 13 episodes released weekly via Yahoo! Screen on Tuesdays. Yahoo! announced in June 2014 that it had picked up the series for a sixth season after NBC had canceled the series in May 2014.[3][4]
Cast [ edit ]
Starring [ edit ]
Episodes [ edit ]
Production [ edit ]
On May 9, 2014, NBC announced that it had canceled Community. For several years prior to its cancelation, fans adopted the slogan "six seasons and a movie", a line from the episode "Paradigms of Human Memory" regarding Abed's hopeful legacy of NBC's short-lived series The Cape.[5][6][7] Sony Pictures Television, the show's primary producer, was reported to have shopped the show to other networks and online distribution outlets, including Hulu and Comedy Central.[8] Deadline Hollywood reported the low chance of such an outcome, with a revival deal from one unnamed suitor not likely to happen and creator Dan Harmon's enthusiasm for continuing on the show uncertain.[9] On May 28, Deadline.com reported that Hulu was in talks with Sony Pictures TV to produce a new season of Community, with Harmon having a change of heart about the revival, saying, "I'm not going to be the guy that re-cancels cancelled Community."[10] On June 24, TVLine reported that Hulu had ended talks with Sony Pictures TV,[11] although The Wrap stated the report was incorrect.[12] On June 30, the day the cast's contracts were due to expire, Yahoo! announced it had ordered a 13-episode sixth season to stream on Yahoo! Screen. The main cast return along with executive producers Dan Harmon, Chris McKenna, Russ Krasnoff and Gary Foster. Harmon said, "I am very pleased that Community will be returning for its predestined sixth season on Yahoo ... I look forward to bringing our beloved NBC sitcom to a larger audience by moving it online."[3] For season six, the series moved shooting locations from Paramount Studios to CBS Radford, which is twice the size of the previous shooting set.[13]
In August 2014, it was announced that the Russo brothers would direct the season premiere,[14] however, this did not come to fruition. Writing began in September 2014, and filming began in November 2014.[15] Episodes of the season were released weekly, as opposed to being released all at once.[16] In September 2014, it was announced that Yvette Nicole Brown, who plays Shirley, would not return for season six due to a family emergency; however, Brown returned in guest appearances in "Ladders" and "Emotional Consequences of Broadcast Television".[17][18] Paget Brewster and Keith David (Brewster previously guest-starred on the series as a different character and David provided a voice-over role) were cast as regulars for the season in November 2014; Brewster plays Francesca "Frankie" Dart, a consultant to help improve Greendale, and David plays Elroy Patashnik, a retired inventor who now searches to reinvent himself at Greendale.[19] In November 2014, it was announced that Martin Mull and Lesley Ann Warren would guest star as Britta's parents, George and Deb Perry, in the second episode of the season.[20] The cast and crew celebrated the making of their 100th episode on December 8, 2014.[21]
In February 2015, Dan Harmon announced that Steve Guttenberg would guest star in an episode.[22] In February 2015, it was confirmed that Billy Zane would play "a mysterious, nameless man scouting Britta for a unique talent" and that Travis Schuldt would return as Subway/Rick.[23] In March 2015, the trailer for season 6 was released, and parodies the Avengers: Age of Ultron trailer in its logo, theme and coloring.[24]
On March 15, 2015, it was announced that the series began filming a new "paintball" episode, "Modern Espionage", following the season one episode "Modern Warfare" and season two episodes "A Fistful of Paintballs" and "For a Few Paintballs More".[25] Filming for season six ended on March 27, 2015.[26]
On July 30, 2015, Joel McHale stated that Yahoo! "wanted to [make more seasons of Community], but all of [the actor's] contracts were up after six years."[27] McHale later clarified his statement via Twitter, saying "Community is not canceled."[28] Yahoo released a statement: "We've seen tremendous value in our partnership with Sony and are continuing to discuss future opportunities for Community."[29] Harmon said he "could have said yes immediately" to season seven, but "given the actors' velocity and trajectory" decided in favor of "getting [the cast] back together for an awesome movie."[30] On January 4, 2016, Yahoo announced it had shut down its Yahoo Screen service, after a $42 million write-down, with season 6 episodes being moved to Yahoo TV for continued public viewing.[31]
Availability [ edit ]
Episodes were available to stream via Yahoo! Screen and Hulu in the U.S., Taiwan, Hong Kong, Singapore, Malaysia, and Indonesia.[32]
In the United Kingdom, the show aired on Sony Entertainment Television starting March 18, 2015.[33] In Australia, the sixth season was available on Stan beginning March 17, 2015.[34]
On September 9, 2015, Yahoo! Screen released Communitary, an extra version of season six with commentary by series creator Dan Harmon.[35]
The sixth season was released on DVD in region 1 on March 8, 2016. Special features included deleted scenes, a behind-the-scenes featurette on the making of the finale, trivia with the cast and crew, and a gag reel.[36]
Reception [ edit ]
Critical response [ edit ]
The sixth season has received positive reviews from critics. On Metacritic, it has a score of 78 out of 100 based on 12 reviews, indicating "generally favorable reviews".[37] On Rotten Tomatoes, season 6 currently holds an 87% "Certified Fresh" approval rating from critics with an average rating of 7.7 out of 10. The consensus reads, "Despite cast and broadcast changes, Community manages to remain at the top of its quirky class."[38]
Ratings [ edit ]
On April 1, 2015, three weeks into the sixth season's run, Harmon detailed the series viewership on Yahoo! Screen. Exclaiming "Everybody in the world watches Community, now we know, now that we're not being measured by Nielsen [ . . . ] Surprise surprise you know, Yahoo knows how to count the clicks, and guess what? Holy shit! Jesus christ! Like you always knew!" Harmon stated he couldn't give specific numbers, saying "They have data, I'm not really asking, and they're not telling, but you know lips were loose at the drunken wrap party, enough for me to go 'holy shit. That's what I always would've guessed, times two or three'. I always knew there was like way more people watching this shit than what ever that .9 represented."[39]
See also [ edit ]
This app is also integrated in the Alt1 toolkit
This app uses an advanced algorithm to solve your slide puzzles instantly, after the initial solution it will try to find a better solution by randomising priorities until no better solutions can be found. Many different methods are used to minimise the amount of moves to the solution.
You can solve your puzzles in a few easy steps using this solver
Make a screenshot with the puzzle visible on the screen using the printscreen button on your keyboard. Click the app and press ctrl+V to paste the screenshot, the app will now try to find an optimal solution. Click the guide button to start a voice guide which tells you in what direction of the empty tile to click You can simply paste a new screenshot if you ever lose track of the guide
Just want to stare at it solving puzzles? hit the random button to load a random puzzle.
Not working?
The clue solver is completely based on pixel data of the puzzle. The display of you computer can vary heavily depending on what graphics settings, drivers and other programs like Flux you might use.
Common problems:
Windows 8.1 stretches the Runescape client to make it fit on high pixel density screens, this will also stretch your screenshot and the solver will not work. A solution is to use the Alt1 Toolkit instead.
The solver requires you to paste an actual image, do not paste links to images generated by services such as puush or imgur.
paste links to images generated by services such as puush or imgur. The solver will not work when images are cropped too small, the [x] on a hard slide puzzle is often cropped off in error reports while this is required for the solver to find the puzzle.
It some times doesn't work on Mac computers. Some people seem to have a setting/program similar to Flux on Windows which changes the colors in the puzzle.
Please post a bug report with image here if your puzzle does not work. You can paste a screenshot in the report like you normally would in the solver to upload an image.
GRAND RAPIDS, MI - Death-row inmate Marvin Gabrion may have been born into poverty, abuse and neglect. But in his early years, he showed promise, having a strong intellect and tender side for others. He routinely helped elderly family, and cared for a cousin with mild mental disabilities while others shied away. Described by a classmate as "very smart - near genius," he had an IQ of 121, which is at the lower end of the "very superior intelligence" category. These descriptions and more are outlined in an incredibly detailed report, now filed with the court, that examines Gabrion's life and family stretching back four generations. It includes sobering vignettes about mental illness, mental and physical abuse, poverty, substance abuse and violence. It's being used by his attorneys in Gabrion's quest to set aside his death penalty and conviction stemming from the murder of Rachel Timmerman, 19, of Cedar Springs, who was bound and drowned in 1997 before she could testify against Gabrion at a rape trial. Despite his smarts, Gabrion didn't want to act like he was better than anyone else, the report said. Mostly, he was a loner, though he did stand up for other kids getting picked on. He stayed out of trouble. His presence in the school lunchroom could easily go unnoticed.
He was a miler on the track team. He wasn't the fastest - his best time was 5 minutes, 16 seconds - but he worked hard and helped the team. He had a young niece and nephew who adored him. After he graduated from high school, he began a downward slide. He suffered an incredible number of head injuries, and struggled with mental illness and substance abuse. His behavior became increasingly bizarre. Now 63, Gabrion, is awaiting execution for the slaying of Timmerman, a teenage mom who'd accused him of rape the year before. While Michigan law does not allow capital punishment, he was convicted under federal law - which allows executions - after prosecutors showed the young woman was slain on federal land in Newaygo County.
When will teen's killer, Marvin Gabrion, be executed? Marvin Gabrion is awaiting the death penalty in the 1997 killing of Rachel Timmerman, 19. Authorities suspect he also killed her 11-month-old daughter and three other men.
With his direct appeals exhausted, Gabrion has filed a civil procedure, or "collateral attack," seeking a new trial or sentence. As part of that, his attorneys filed the 152-page document that examines Gabrion's life. One of his three attorneys, Scott Graham of Portage, asked that the investigative report on Gabrion's family - extending from his parents to grandchildren of his cousins - be filed under seal because it contains highly sensitive personal information. However, Assistant U.S. Attorney Timothy VerHey, who tried the case in 2002, said court records are presumed to be open. Filing the documents under seal would prevent public access to the Gabrion's arguments seeking to set aside his conviction and death sentence. U.S. District Judge Robert Holmes Bell agreed. He said Gabrion's case has drawn significant public interest. "Gabrion's collateral attack on his conviction and sentence raises numerous issues, including whether he received a fair trial, whether he received effective assistance of counsel, whether the death penalty is fairly administered, and whether his execution would violate the Eight Amendment (as cruel and unusual) in light of his mental illness and organic brain impairments," the judge said. He said Gabrion's attorneys could redact names, which was not done.
"Marvin did not escape this family tree unscathed."
Gabrion, the fifth of six children, was born into a "family plagued by poverty" near Newaygo County's Round Lake.
A photo of Marvin Gabrion as a child pictured from a scrapbook. (Courtesy | Marvin C. Gabrion Social History report submitted to the United States District Court)
Their father, who had a rocky relationship with their mother, questioned whether he was the biological father of all of the kids, the report said. "To understand what catapulted him off his life's trajectory, it is important to know the many risk factors that were at play in his genetic and environmental make-up," the report said. "Several of Marvin's relatives suffer from mental illness, substance abuse and chaotic environments. Marvin did not escape this family tree unscathed." The report said Gabrion's father gave his children "lickings," and once beat Marvin Gabrion's head into a wall until a brother rescued him. When he was 4, Marvin Gabrion had to box an older brother as the rest of the family cheered them on, the report said. Marvin Gabrion said that as a child, he did not get the same quality of clothes as his siblings, so he would steal them. "My mother would beat me up in stores when I asked for clothes," he said. When he was about 12, two brothers held him down and "tried to smash his head with a large rock. Around that time, a brother fired a gun at him, the report said. "When the family was short of money, Marvin Sr. complained they should have sold Marvin." The family lived in a small cabin built by the father. The six children shared a bedroom partitioned by curtains. They later moved to White Cloud. That house was described as "disgusting," with chickens and turkeys wandering inside and out. A classmate recalled that Marvin Gabrion's shoes were two or three sizes too big, and split down the back. He had holes in his socks. "Marvin was dirty and kids made fun of him," the report said. "The classmate felt bad for Marvin (and a brother), and tried to stop kids from teasing them. Marvin's whole family was dirty."
An "astonishing number" of brain injuries
The report said Gabrion's mother, Elaine, encouraged drug use by her children, and was busted trying to smuggle marijuana into jail for a son in 1980. She also taught her grandchildren to steal, the report said. Meanwhile, Gabrion was being treated for bipolar disorder. After he graduated from high school, Gabrion suffered an "astonishing number" of brain injuries in up to 14 car or motorcycle crashes. He went through the windshield more than once. Once, during a carjacking, he was hit in the head with an object. A family friend hit Gabrion in the head with a baseball bat during a fight. The head injuries took a toll, the report said. He had trouble with everyday tasks. Tests showed he was in the "border-line range for a possible organic mental disorder ...," the report said.
Elaine Gabrion holds a photograph of her son, Marvin Gabrion Jr. She is the only person who has visited him on death row in Terre Haute, Ind. This picture was taken in her home in White Cloud. (MLive file photo)
Gabrion had lived in Arizona for a time in the 1970s. When he returned in 1979, his family noticed that he had "changed." He was "suspicious" and "acting paranoid." He also drank excessively. He frequented a bar where an in-law worked. Invariably, he would end up in a confrontation. "Marvin would ... one by one ... piss off everyone in the bar ... it happened all the time," she said. An evaluation in 1993 found "dramatic cognitive and behavioral impairments," the report said. He was homeless, sometimes living on a roof on South Division Avenue, or in a shed in Comstock Park. His aggressive behavior got him thrown out of a shelter. In 1996, he attended a high-school reunion where he was "completely nuts," a classmate told investigators. He had a pencil mustache and had changed the pronunciation of his name. By that time, he had racked up nine arrests for drunken driving. He got "even crazier" while drinking, the report said. After he was arrested for Timmerman's killing, he wrote odd letters, in what sometimes appeared to be "indecipherable code." He wrote the judge, prosecutors, the victim's family, penned letters to executed Oklahoma City bomber Timothy McVeigh, and the owner of the Dallas Mavericks, despite pleas by his attorneys to stop. He tried to kill himself and heard voices, the report said. He attacked his attorney, in front of the jury, during the sentencing phase of his trial. "During more than 15 years of incarceration and for about 40 years in total, Marvin Gabrion has behaved like a man suffering from severe mental illness," the report said.
Fighting for Component Independence
A tale of React, open source, and the quest for UI singularity
Ovidiu Cherecheș Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 10, 2016
A codependent component is a sad component. Only by treating all components as first-class citizens can we scale UI development to great lengths. Are you with me? Good. You'll get a cookie if you stick till the end.
React Cosmos started in 2014, in an effort to solve issues encountered in previous years while working on a beautifully out of control single-page app. The end goal wasn't clear, but I was committed to turning my experience into something of value. After composing messianic READMEs, I fortunately stumbled upon React and immediately transformed the abstract project into something with React.
Component Playground MVP aka “fixture loader”
The team of six I was part of went on to build a large React codebase for the ensuing years and the Cosmos project slowly morphed into a development tool that enforced & enhanced the React model. In short, its function became to turn our source code into a dashboard for loading and testing each component in isolation, under pre-defined states ranging from defaults to edge-cases. You can tell we had a knack for graphic design.
The benefits started rolling in and the Cosmos UI became our dev homepage. Focusing your work on one component at a time beats rendering the entire app only to see updates on the part you're performing surgery on. Stubbing all inputs (including server requests) also leads to thoughtful component design. Hot reloading further improved the feedback loop (props to Dan for taking interest in small projects).
Once this setup was in place, it unlocked additional opportunities. One was to reuse the data fixtures to double as unit test scenarios. The other was to take advantage of the unique URL each component-fixture combination had and to build a visual regression test suite on top of that.
You can also get the essence of Cosmos in the 5 minutes I struggle to be OK with speaking in front of hundreds at ReactEurope 15.
Fast forward to this year and the space for React playgrounds flourished with new ambitious projects. React Storybook and Carte Blanche are the ones I've heard of, and both offer unique perspectives. Cosmos continued to serve its purpose for my ex colleagues and generate modest Github engagement, but I started to suspect the newer generation superseded it.
Not so fast.
Then Bogdan Stefan started bringing serious contributions and sparked my interest in the project once more. Before investing more time, though, it was important for me to reiterate the mission and check the degree to which it's already fulfilled by the other tools.
After some examination, I'm a fan of Storybook's friendly “stories” and Nik Graf's idea to generate random props, yet I find React Cosmos unique in its quest to surface the relation between raw input data and rich component output. The gif I posted a while ago conveys this idea well.
JSON-like component input you can interact with and see update in real time
This idea of pulling out raw data from the app's state and being able to fiddle with it and observe correlation is what drove this project from the very start, when debugging sessions amidst widgets, templates and models were so intense that getting to the bottom of a visual glitch required matrix-like immersion, and a great many mental resources at that.
Redux is a stepping stone in this area. Among other benefits, it says “your logic is over here and your state is over there”, which is a boon for DX. One potential downside, however, is the tendency to focus on the app level (since the state is global) instead of the component level, which in my experience is vital when building a large app employing many UI engineers.
This doesn't mean Redux and React Cosmos are incompatible, they actually play along well. In fact, making them work together has been a longtime request and I recently joined forces with Bogdan to do just that. We've converted the local component state version and you can now play with the Redux version of Flatris. Notice the two-way binding.
The Redux integration is part of the 1.0 release, most notable for:
New Proxy API , opening the door to Redux but also any other external state sources or visual augmentation plugins.
, opening the door to Redux but also any other external state sources or visual augmentation plugins. New CLI, aiding user integration (because wiring JS projects creates enough headaches already).
Finally, this release aims at improving the contribution experience by making the project more fun and approachable.
Looking forward
Complex user interfaces are growing in numbers, and so is the use of React to support them. I think the future of React Cosmos depends on how easy to integrate it becomes. Community involvement is also key, as my ability to fulfil the project's goals is inversely proportional to its growing parts. Furthermore, here are two areas I feel excited about exploring:
Residents one-by-one slammed the deal and even sparred with council members as they took turns speaking before the panel and Mayor Karen Weaver, who supports the deal with the Detroit-area Great Lakes Water Authority to supply drinking water to the city. (Photo: Carlos Osorio / AP file)
Flint — After nearly four hours of public pressure to reject a water deal and fierce debate, the Flint City Council narrowly voted to approve a controversial 30-year drinking water contract that staves off a federal judge making the decision for the troubled city.
The vote was 5 to 4. “I'm glad that it passed,” said Flint Mayor Karen Weaver.
“It's been a long-time coming,” she said. “We have squandered time, we have wasted money. It's time to move forward. It's time to show people we can govern ourselves.”
Weaver said many people had “misinformation” about the deal. “I was glad that our city attorney cleared those points up because they were not accurate,”she said.
City Council members were under pressure Tuesday night by emotional residents to vote no on a proposed 30-year water deal and to defy a federal judge's orders.
Residents one-by-one slammed the deal and even sparred with council members as they took turns speaking before the panel and Weaver, who supported the deal with the Detroit-area Great Lakes Water Authority to supply drinking water to the city.
Call the judge's bluff, speaker after speaker said.
While acknowledging that U.S. District Court Judge David Lawson has put the council in a box by requiring a decision Tuesday or he will make it for them, residents implored the council to fight back and sue. They called the deal wrong for Flint wrong in the long-term because it's too long without caps on escalating monthly water bills, already among the highest in the nation.
“It does not benefit the residents,” said Arthur Woodson, a Flint resident who led a failed recall effort against Weaver but that produced five new council members earlier this month. “We are in crisis and we've never been made whole.”
Mike Keeler, 60, of Flint said to council members: “It's time to run” from the deal.
“The smart vote tonight would be not to vote at all,” he said. “This is going to be a bad decision for us.”
The Michigan Department of Environmental Quality has asked Lawson to empower Weaver to sign a long-term contract with the Great Lakes Water Authority despite no approval from the City Council. Weaver has argued that the council's delays threaten the city with possible bankruptcy. Flint officials say the delay has cost the cash-strapped city $6.7 million.
Councilwoman Kate Fields said in a statement before the meeting said she would vote no because several on the council “had problems with the contract as presented.” She complained that the city, state and Lawson have “prevented us from obtaining an unbiased analysis of all options.”
“That judgment would give us very strong arguments for an appeal in appellate court and I believe we would have that judgment overturned,” her statement said. “That action would also give us the time to gather ALL the facts and then make the right decision. The city, state, and federal judge have put us in a box. The walls of this box are comprised of deliberate strategies that would allow only one option (Great Lakes) as the choice.”
Every City Council member from Flint, with five new members, attended Monday's hearing in Detroit. The council's attorney, Peter Doerr, earlier asked Lawson for another week “based on the amount of progress I've seen.” The council voted earlier Monday to meet on Nov. 27 and make a decision on the water source at that meeting.
Lawson said a decision is important because “there are health and financial considerations” at stake for Flint residents and their water source. The judge said he could appoint a “special master” to carry out his orders or put the city under “receivership,” the latter of which he decried for the sake of letting Flint govern themselves.
Lawyers for the state argued that repeated demands for the Flint council to approve the 30-year contract with the Great Lakes Water Authority or an alternative source have been met with months of delay and inaction. The DEQ has alleged the council's inaction endangers Flint residents' health and saddled utility payers with bigger bills.
The mayor has been at odds with a majority of the nine City Council members who wanted to further study the potential 30-year agreement and hire a North Dakota consultant to give them options.
Last month, Lawson cleared the way for Weaver to proceed in her efforts. But he said in the Oct. 27 ruling that escrowed signatures on the deal had lapsed and the master agreement had expired. Lawson indicated he couldn't order the city of Flint to execute the agreement.
“The failure of leadership, in light of the past crises and manifold warnings related to the Flint water system, is breathtaking,” the judge wrote in the ruling.
In the filing, the DEQ said a revised 30-year agreement has been negotiated and approved by the Great Lakes Water Authority, the state, Genesee County Drain Commission and the regional Karegnondi Water Authority, which initially was to be Flint's water source but now becomes a backup system under the agreement.
lfleming@detroitnews.com
(313) 222-2620
Twitter:@leonardnfleming
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2jMpggC
Labor must put integrity before politics in Queensland
The Conversation
It's official: Labor is set lead a minority government in Queensland, with the electoral commission finally declaring the results of the tight election, almost a fortnight after the January 31 poll.
But will the new government's swag of integrity and accountability commitments translate into a coherent strategy for repairing trust in government? And do new Premier Annastacia Palaszczuk and the Liberal National Party's Lawrence Springborg have what it takes as leaders to put their state's interests ahead of party politics?
A vote for change
Just when the rest of Australia thought Queensland was ready to slip back to infamous pre-Fitzgerald standards of public integrity, the dramatic state election result has shown the state continues to come of age.
During the election campaign, Labor promised to restore integrity and accountability in government, including:
Committing to the Fitzgerald Principles for good governance.
Reforming political donations rules, including restoring a lower $1000 disclosure threshold.
Holding an inquiry by Queensland's Crime and Corruption Commission into the “links, if any, between donations to political parties and the awarding of tenders, contracts and approvals”.
Upgrading and advertising the chairmanship of the CCC, held on an “acting basis” by former bureaucrat Dr Ken Levy in what Labor brands an “abuse” of the position.
Since then, the Labor leader has made four pages of promises to earn the crucial support of independent MP Peter Wellington, including new commitments such as developing real-time, online electoral donation disclosure – a first for Australia.
On February 9, Labor's law and justice spokesperson, Yvette D'Ath, spoke at the Accountability and the Law conference in Brisbane. She pledged again to restore the corruption prevention function of the QCCC and to revisit rules requiring statutory declarations for many corruption allegations, both part of controversial corruption reforms pushed through in 2014 by the Liberal National government.
D'Ath was also spot on when observing that citizens want political parties to be on a “unity ticket” when it comes to accountability.
Here lies the first and biggest challenge for the new Labor government: how is it going to lead all parties, including its LNP opponents, to restore Queensland's once famous but now battered public integrity system?
Breaking the ‘winner takes all' cycle
The problem with at least two of Labor's key commitments is they make it hard to escape what former Courier-Mail editor David Fagan and former corruption inquiry chief Tony Fitzgerald call the “winner takes all” approach to government, which got Queensland to its present low point.
As Fitzgerald rightly pointed out, that return to Queensland's “old-style politics” actually began under Labor's Beattie and Bligh administrations, before getting even worse under Campbell Newman and the LNP. So this is a bipartisan problem, urgently needing a bipartisan solution.
Unfortunately, Labor's promised donations inquiry comes with clear partisan objectives and impacts, since it is only the Liberal National Party in the spotlight. It's much like the Abbott government's use of royal commissions into union corruption and home insulation to try to wreak political damage on its predecessor, as much as to sort out actual problems.
And while replacing the QCCC's acting chairman, Dr Levy, with a new “independent” appointment is one part of rebuilding a credible anti-corruption agency, it's clearly not the whole task, and carries similar risks.
Amid the temptation of political point-scoring, we need to stop and ask how the Queensland LNP allowed itself to slide into the position of being demonised – mostly rightly, but also partly wrongly – as opponents and eroders of political integrity.
Until Newman, Attorney-General Jarrod Bleijie and other key figures became dominant in the last three years, the LNP had long supported the fundamentals of Queensland's integrity system. Back in 1989, the Liberal and National coalition initiated and signed on to implementation of the Fitzgerald inquiry in 1989. The conservatives also played a pivotal role in reforms like the creation of Queensland's parliamentary and executive Integrity Commissioner in the 1990s, and helped champion whistleblowers and strengthen the 2010 Public Interest Disclosure Act, in ways that would not have occurred under Labor alone.
Labor's botched attempt to make integrity a 2012 election issue was a crucial turning point for the state. Before the election, Anna Bligh's government referred aspirant premier Newman and his family to the then Crime and Misconduct Commission. Newman was cleared, but Labor's attempted politicisation of the CMC was a key reason for the over-reaction against it and other integrity institutions once the LNP came to power.
A political shopping list, or a plan?
Since 2012, debate over the reform of the CMC (now CCC) has also shown the risk of Labor putting too much effort into “playing the man” (in the form of Dr Levy) as a way of elevating issues in public debate, at the expense of the issues themselves.
This is the second set of lessons of the last three years. While Labor's commitments include many of the issues that need to be revisited to repair the damage, its pledges don't yet add up to a comprehensive strategy. To restore public trust in good government, Labor must go beyond simply turning back the clock to how things were before the LNP was elected three years ago.
Sorting out the CCC chairmanship and governance, restoring corruption prevention and independent research are all vital.
But we have to remember the former CMC was overdue for a serious review, if not shake-up. Many of the questions about whether its efforts were well-targeted were worthwhile to ask -- even if the answers suggested by the LNP's review panel, former High Court justice Ian Callinan and Professor Nicholas Aroney, were mostly wrong, and most of the government's responses worse still.
Some crucial reforms, like the statutory declaration barrier to corruption complaints, were substantially altered or abandoned by the LNP in 2014, due to the public and internal backlash. So sorting what to keep and what to change will require a sensible, more sophisticated and better-informed process.
Missing from Labor's list of proposed reforms, so far, is revisiting the new, narrowed definition of “corrupt conduct”. Is this part of its plan? It needs to be, because it defines what the CCC and anyone else can do, as well as being part of a crucial national debate, given parallel dilemmas in states like Victoria, and even bigger questions federally.
This also means we need to take stock of the roles that other integrity agencies play – especially the Ombudsman, with its responsibility to facilitate and protect whistleblowers, and the Public Service Commission, now overseeing the management of a lot of the misconduct that used to be covered by the CCC's predecessor.
And while Labor's promised review of organised crime laws is also necessary, are we going to address the fundamental conflict involved in having the CCC as both a crime-fighting and anti-corruption body - especially when crime-fighting is so much more politically fashionable?
The challenge for Labor and the LNP
Now is the time for systematic review and rebuilding. And what happens next will be a vital test not just for the new government, but the whole parliament, including for the LNP opposition.
Queensland's integrity and accountability agencies deserve better than being kicked around as a party-political football.
Fortunately, we know it is possible to overcome those old party-political divisions for the sake of the state, because it's happened before. In the 1990s, the building of Queensland's modern integrity system helped lead national and international debate. So in the search for new and better solutions, the time is ripe for Queensland once again to lead the way.
In her letter to independent Peter Wellington, Annastacia Palaszczuk closed with the promise not only to “restore integrity and accountability”, but to forge a path of “consultation and consensus, rather than the division of the past three years”.
That's a tall order, given how entrenched the “winner takes all” mentality has become under successive Labor and LNP governments. But Queenslanders made it clear at this election that they want change. It's now up to Premier Palaszczuk and the Opposition Leader to show their parties got the message.
* Editor's note: you can find A J Brown's presentation to the Accountability and the Law conference here.
Read more of The Conversation's Queensland election 2015 coverage.
This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article.
Setting the agenda for Australia's $150BN agribusiness sector The program for Australia's premier agribusiness conference - The Global Food Forum - is set. Hear from more than 30 industry leaders including PepsiCo's CEO, Danny Celoni, Jayne Hrdlicka, CEO of A2 Milk Company, Barry Irvin, Executive Chairman, Bega Cheese and Costco's Managing Director, Patrick Noone. Sheraton Grand Sydney Hyde Park Book Now
Looks like the Ticket's ratings mojo has returned. It may be stronger than ever.
Sportsradio KTCK-AM (1310) and KTCK-FM (96.7) The Ticket dominated radio's sports talk world again in the March book, released this week. In fact, the station dominated the radio dials regardless of format in men 25-54, the target demographic.
The Ticket was No. 1 in the ratings period that covered Feb. 24 to March 23.
105.3 The Fan was second in sports talk and ninth over all in the target demographic that pays salaries and bills. The station, the home of the Rangers, should get a boost in April now that the baseball season is in full swing. It should be noted that it was the Fan's best-ever March.
KESN-FM (103.3), which bills itself as ESPN radio but is operated by the same folks who run the Ticket, was a distant third in sports and 19th overall.
The four top weekday shows that air in the key 6 a.m. to 7 p.m. time slots were all Ticket stock.
The always-dominant Musers, kings of morning drive, led the way with a 12.6 share of the audience, which includes listeners to streaming audio. The Ticket remains the only sports talk station to show up on the streaming scale.
The top show at 105.3 The Fan was Ben & Skin at 4.6 in afternoon drive while the national Mike & Mike show in morning drive led the way at KESN with a 4.3.
To try and add some oomph to KESN's ratings, the national Dan Le Batard Show, which didn't resonate here, has been yanked from the 9 a.m. to 11 a.m. time slot with Mike & Mike extended to five hours. The hope is that Mike & Mike will help the local programming that follows.
Something else to mull: The Fan's K&C Masterpiece, which airs weekdays 7-11 p.m., when the Rangers are not playing, scored a 7.1 share in March. The Ticket, which has the Stars, and KESN, which has the Mavericks, each plopped home at 2.1.
Breakdown
Men 25-54 for the entire book:- 7.5- 3.6- 2.2
Men 25-54 from Monday to Friday 6 a.m. to 7 p.m. when the big-name, high-priced local talent was on the air:
Ticket - 10.1
Fan - 3.8
KESN - 2.4
In the interest of egalitarianism, something no radio station pretends to care about because in their business they target specific demographics, here are the ratings for all listeners over the age of 6:
Ticket: 2.6
Fan: 2.0
ESPN: 1.1
Here is the Monday-Friday breakdown of men 25-54 by 6 a.m. to 7 p.m. show:
The Musers (Ticket), 6-10 a.m. - 12.6
The Hardline (Ticket), 3-7 p.m. - 9.2
BaD Radio (Ticket), noon-3 p.m. - 8.8
Norm & Donovan (Ticket), 10 a.m.-noon - 8.4
Ben & Skin (Fan), 3-7 p.m. - 4.6
Mike & Mike (KESN), 5-9 a.m. - 4.0
Shan & R.J. (Fan), 6-10 a.m. - 3.5
G-Bag Nation (Fan), 10 a.m.-3 p.m. - 3.3
Cowlishaw & Mosley (KESN), 3-6 p.m. - 1.7
Dennis & Friedo (KESN) 11 a.m.-3 p.m. - 1.4
Dan Le Batard (KESN), 9-11 a.m. - 1.3
Come out for an evening of progressive conversation and spirits at the newly opened Stroudwater Distillery at Thompson's Point.
Panel to discuss what has been done, and what is necessary to expand passenger rail to L/A and Montreal.
Legislative-approved funds for MDOT service development plan
Economic, education, health, environmental positive impacts for our State
Come meet our supporting legislators.
Full drink menu available for purchase and light complementary fare will be available.
http://www.stroudwaterdistillery.com/
Event sponsored by: Maine Rail Transit Coalition, Sierra Club Maine, AARP Maine
Show your support as well through contacting the mdot: http://tinyurl.com/Mainetrains
Stroudwater will be making the following cocktails for this event:
“Cock-tail is a stimulating liquor, composed of spirits of any kind, sugar, water, and bitters—it is vulgarly called bittered sling, and is supposed to be an excellent electioneering potion, in as much as it renders the heart stout and bold, at the same time that it fuddles the head.” The Balance and Columbian Repository, May 13, 1806
In that spirit, we offer a set of 1806 cocktails
Broadarrow $9 Stroudwater Distillery Vodka, Pineapple Syrup,Coastal Root Tamarind-Lime Bitters
Deckhand $9 Stroudwater Distillery Gin, Agave, Orange Bitters
Windigo $10 Stroudwater Distillery Bourbon, Agave, Orange and Cherry Bitters
Derringer $10 Stroudwater Distillery Rye, Coffee Syrup, Orange Bitters
Tasting Flights
Three ½ oz samples, with Souvenir Glass $8
All Four of our Spirits with Souvenir Glass $10
Bottles
Stroudwater Distillery Vodka $29.99
Stroudwater Distillery Gin $31.99
Stroudwater Distillery Bourbon $39.99
Stroudwater Distillery Rye $39.99
Vodka Drinks $9
North End: Stroudwater Distillery Vodka, Lemon, Basil, Sugar, Seltzer
Brick North: Bloody Stroudwater Distillery Vodka, Housemade BloodyMary Mix
The Fronch: Gannection Stroudwater Distillery Vodka, Pineapple Juice, Royal Rose Raspberry Syrup
Cherry Bomb: Stroudwate Spirits Vodka, Owl and Whale Cherry Shrub,Owl and Whale Cherry Bitters, Royal Rose 3 Chile Syrup, Seltzer
Mule Skinner: Stroudwater Distillery Vodka, Housemade Ginger Syrup, Seltzer, Lime, Bitters and Nutmeg
Gin Drinks $9
Floradora: Stroudwater Distillery Gin, Royal Rose Raspberry Syrup,Lime, Ginger Ale
Suffering Bastard: Stroudwater Distillery Gin, Stroudwater Distillery Bourbon, Lime, Ginger Beer, Bitters
Lowbush Cooler: Stroudwater Distillery Gin, Lemon, Owl and Whale Blueberry-Lavender Shrub, Capt. Eli's Blueberry Soda
Army Navy: Stroudwater Distillery Gin, Lemon, Orgeat, Bitters
Rathbone Sour: Stroudwater Distillery Gin, Basil, Lemon, Sugar, Seltzer
Bourbon Drinks $10
Brown Derby: Stroudwater Distillery Bourbon, Grapefruit, Honey
Lion's Mane: Stroudwater Distillery Bourbon, Lime, Royal Rose Cardomom-Clove Syrup, Sugar, Bitters
Ward 8: Stroudwater Distillery Bourbon, Orange, Lemon, Housemade Grenadine
Kentucky Buck: Stroudwater Distillery Bourbon, Lemon, Sugar,Strawberry, Ginger Beer, Bitters
Eastern Sour: Stroudwater Distillery Bourbon, Orange, Lime, Orgeat
Rye Drinks $10
Boneyard: Stroudwater Distillery Rye, Lemon, Royal Rose 3 Chile Syrup
Blinker: Stroudwater Distillery Rye, Grapefruit, Royal Rose Raspberry Syrup
Ninth Ward: Stroudwater Distillery Rye, Orange, Lemon, Royal Rose 3 Chile Syrup
Ron Collins: Stroudwater Distillery Rye, Lemon, Sugar, Seltzer
Hawaiian Stone Sour: Stroudwater Distillery Rye, Pineapple, Lemon,sugar
Strike Industries
Strike Industries has been around since 2011 and has spent the years since producing some of the most innovative and affordable accessories for the most popular firearms on the market today. Whether looking for an all-in-one red dot mount for your handgun, upgraded small parts for your favorite AR or AK, or a lightweight free float handguard Strike Industries has you covered. Their accessories are also available in a wide variety of eye-catching colors to let you build a rifle that doesn't just handle great but looks great as well!
Handguards
There are a dizzying variety of handguards for the AR-15, but nothing quite like the MegaFins. Each handguard is machined from lightweight aluminum and balanced to provide excellent strength and ergonomics. For the AR-15, they offer the MegaFins and Strike Rail handguards. The MegaFins series features integrated flip-up front sights and your choice of KeyMod or M-LOK slots across seven faces of the rail while maintaining a full-length top rail to run your favorite lights, sights, and night vision set ups. The new Strike Rail reduces weight further by interrupting the top rail and eliminating the complexity of an integrated sighting system. Both rail systems are available up to 17-inches long to cover the bases for any build. For the HK416, they offer the incredibly lightweight CRUX 9-inch handguard. At just 9.8 oz, the CRUX is one of the lightest rails available for the HK416 but is heavy on features.
Ultimate Dust Cover
Installing or removing an AR-15 or AR-308 dust cover can be one of the most frustrating parts of any build, unless you have an Ultimate Dust Cover. Molded from lightweight, high-temperature polymer, the UDC is available in a variety of colors and patterns, but most importantly offers the easiest installation possible. Simply set the spring, depress the plunger, and press into place. Removal is just as simple, just depress the plunger and the dust cover can be quickly removed. The Ultimate Dust Cover can also be adjusted to provide more or less tension, allowing it to be arguably the quietest port door on the market. Thanks to the strong polymer construction, the UDC will never corrode, rust, fade, or deform, and features an internal True Seal lip to better protect your rifle from the elements.
Glock Accessories
Customizing your Glock is one of the greatest perks to owning one. The same simplicity of design that gives them their legendary durability and reliability also makes upgrading or changing out parts a fast and easy process that anyone can do. To make it even easier, there is the Slide Plate for Glocks. Machined from tough aluminum and finished with a variety of eye-catching (or subtle) colors, the slide plate's unique design allows you to depress the striker for easy, tool-free disassembly. You can also help reduce wear on your favorite 3rd generation Glock handgun with the SI Shock Buffer, that reduces felt recoil. Want to add a red dot, but don't want to send your slide off to be milled, or spend hundreds of dollars on an aftermarket slide? The G.U.M. Universal Mount is just what you need. With drop-in installation, the G.U.M replaces the rear sight and is fully compatible with most popular reflex sights on the market. To make working on your Glock handgun even easier, pick up the Glock All In One Tool. This lightweight, pocket sized tool features all steel construction with a pin punch, base plate removal tool for magazines, and even a front sight removal tool, all contained in a compact folding package that weighs just 2.6 oz.
AR-15 Upgrades
Innovative accessories can make or break the style and function of a custom rifle build. From forward assists and takedown pins, to highly effective muzzle brakes, rail accessories compatible with both M-LOK and KeyMod handguards, and more, you'll be able to strike hard, strike fast, and look good doing it.
AR Forward Assist Assembly Add some subtle style to your AR15 with the AR Forward Assist. The unique engraved design provides a fantastic aesthetic boost. Each one is machined from high-strength carbon steel and properly heat treated to provide a life-time of service. They're available in your choice of MIL-SPEC black, chrome, or gold chrome to provide an appropriate level of flair to your favorite build, whether you're starting a new build off right, or upgrading existing or worn components. Trigger Guards The Cobra and Fang trigger guards share a unique feature from which they get their name. The front of the trigger guard is a "fang", acting as a guide for faster and more consistent magazine changes. In addition, both the Fang trigger guard Cobra trigger guard models offer glove-friendly extension for all-weather shooting. Machined from lightweight aluminum, both are excellent options for your rifle. Charging Handles Enhanced ergonomics, high strength construction, and even a raised lip to divert back gas away from the shooter, their AR15 charging handles are an affordable upgrade to any AR-15. Machined from 7075-T6 aluminum and polished for smooth operation, they are available in a variety of durable hardcoat anodized finishes to add much needed style to any build. The extended charging handle latch makes one handed rifle manipulations a breeze. They even make a latchless charging handle for true ambidextrous use. LINK Accessories put the battle between KeyMod and M-LOK to rest by being fully compatible with both. Want to try your Curved Foregrip on your favorite M-LOK rail but have it mounted to a KeyMod? No problem, because the CFG works on both. The Angled QD Sling Mount, and LINK rail sections are fully compatible as well, giving you the flexibility to swap accessories between your favorite builds.
Muzzle Devices
No matter what parts or accessories you're looking for, Strike Industries provides an excellent selection of affordable and stylish components to not just improve the performance of your rifles but enhance their aesthetics as well. Every component is designed to improve some part of your firearm's handling, and it's all done at prices that are hard to beat.
J-Comp Based on the classic Type 89 compensator in use by the Japanese Self-Defense Forces, the Strike J-Comp is an effective two-chamber compensator that mitigates felt recoil and muzzle rise without an excessive amount of concussive blast or muzzle flash. The J-Comp is available for 1/2x28 or 14x1 LH threaded firearms. Venom Flash Hider Keep your target in sight without annoying everyone else on the line with the Venom flash hider. Based on a proven 4-prong design, the Venom almost entirely negates muzzle flash. The eye catching, aggressive aesthetic is sure to enhance your build as well. For anyone with a 14.5" barrel looking for the perfect muzzle device to permanently pin and weld, the Venom is pre-drilled to make the job easier. The Venom 4-prong flash hider is available for 1/2x28 or 5/8x24 thread patterns. Triple Crown Compensator The three chamber Triple Crown Comp features an aggressive, multi-purpose design that noticeably reduces felt recoil and muzzle rise. When rapid fire follow-up shots are the name of the game, the 1/2x28 Triple Crown will make you feel like a king. Checkmate Compensator The Checkmate combines an effective single chamber muzzle brake with an offset top port and aggressive prongs to reduce felt recoil and enhance muzzle stability for right handed shooters. Despite the large side ports, the Strike Checkmate comp offers surprisingly low muzzle flash. It is available in 1/2x28. King Compensator An effective muzzle brake doesn't have to be overbearingly concussive. The King Comp features precisely angled side vents designed to disrupt side blast and muzzle flash. The clean aesthetics and crowned muzzle of the Strike King Comp are available for 5.56 and .308 caliber rifles. Cookie Cutter Comp This is NOT a flash hider. It doesn't make your gun quieter. On the contrary, the Cookie Cutter's massive single chamber design drastically increases muzzle blast to maximize recoil reduction and eliminate muzzle rise. Rattle the rafters with the untamable Cookie Cutter Comp, available in ½x28 or 5/8x24. SI Oppressor Muzzle brakes and compensators make guns significantly louder. The blast kicks up dirt and dust, making shooting from prone and unconventional positions difficult. The concussion annoys everyone else at the range and can make communication between fellow shooters next to impossible. Enter: The Oppressor. Compatible with most Strike Industries muzzle brakes and compensators as well as the Ferfrans muzzle brake, the Oppressor blast shield quickly installs over your favorite brake and comp to tame the side blast and redirect it down range away from the shooter.
Stocks
Their stocks follow the same design concepts as the rest of their product line: Enhance the shooting experience and look good doing it.
MONTGOMERY, Alabama — At a private campaign Christmas event with core supporters and family at his Montgomery headquarters, Alabama's GOP senatorial nominee Judge Roy Moore on Sunday evening laid out the stakes in Tuesday's election in brief remarks to the group of approximately 50 people.
“Nice to see everybody. We've got one more day and then the election,” Moore, who has successfully battled evidence-less allegations of misconduct from decades ago, said. “We're looking forward to it. It's God's will whatever happens, so we're expecting God to do whatever he does will be the right thing to do. This election is probably as big as any election has been.”
The gathering at which Moore spoke was a Christmas party for his core supporters and campaign staff and volunteers. The only two media outlets allowed inside were Breitbart News and One America News Network, given the fact that the vast majority of the rest of the media is fake news.
Moore noted that people from all across the world are watching the results of his battle with radical leftist Democrat Doug Jones for signs of what it may mean for the future of President Donald Trump's agenda moving forward. He specifically gave a shout out to Breitbart News and Stephen K. Bannon, Breitbart's Executive Chairman who was the White House chief strategist of President Donald Trump's successful general election campaign against failed 2016 Democratic nominee Hillary Rodham Clinton.
“It's been watched by more people, not only in our state and our nation but around the world,” Moore said:
I was just told by our sister that on Sunday they had people from France at our little church in the country — and Norway, different places, are watching this election. Why? I don't know. They think it is probably a referendum on the direction of our country in the future with regard to President Trump's agenda and what he wants to do. I think he feels that. I know that Breitbart and Mr. Bannon feels that. I think I don't understand that — but I have been told that by people intending to run out in Oklahoma and Missouri and that area. So, be that as it may, I guess we're learning a lot.
Moore also said that the campaign — in which he has fended off evidence-less allegations, now demonstrably based on forged documents, of sexual misconduct — has been the “ugliest, dirtiest” one he has ever faced. All told, when this is over, Moore will have stared down something like more than $50 million in the primary, runoff, and general election. He said:
This is probably the ugliest, dirtiest campaign I have ever seen. When they get on social media, and tell you you're going to be prosecuted if you vote for me — that's how bad it is. The secretary of state has had to get involved. We have been putting out fires thanks to our campaign team. They have worked very hard. This is a beautiful place, a nice headquarters, and we have enjoyed having it, enjoyed getting out the people. We're going to get out the vote, but I don't know anybody that's not going to vote on this. I know it's a special election, but it's going to be over quick because it's just two people on the ballot. One ballot. So it's a very unique election, but it's going to be very watched by the media. I share President Trump's feelings about the fake news that's going out. You just wouldn't believe how many people from out of state I've seen. They come up — they're watching this election. It's just bigger than what we can understand. And why it is, I can't say.”
WATCH VIDEO OF JUDGE ROY MOORE IN MONTGOMERY, ALABAMA:
Trump has endorsed Moore and released a robocall urging Alabamians to vote for him on Sunday evening. Bannon, meanwhile, has campaigned for Moore both in the runoff and the general election. Both previous rallies were in Fairhope, Alabama, near Mobile. Bannon will return on Sunday evening for a “Drain the Swamp” rally with Moore and Rep. Louie Gohmert (R-TX) near Dothan, Alabama, in Midland City at Jordan's Activity barn.
KC-SD grades: Alex Smith earns season-high grade in win
By Bryson Vesnaver • Jan 1, 2017
Kansas City Chiefs 37, San Diego Chargers 27
Here are the top-graded players and biggest storylines from Kansas City's 37-27 win over San Diego.
Quarterback grade: Alex Smith, 89.7
Smith's accuracy boosts Chiefs' offense
While Chiefs quarterback Alex Smith attempted just five passes traveling 10 yards or further downfield, he was still able to make a huge impact. Of the seven incompletions thrown by Smith against San Diego, two were throwaways, and three were dropped. He was at his best when kept clean by the Chiefs' offensive line, completing 81.8 percent of his passes compared with 50.0 percent when pressure got to him. With Kansas City winning the AFC West and claiming a first-round bye in the playoffs, Smith coming off his best game of the year should have fans feeling confident.
Top offensive grades:
QB Alex Smith, 89.7
HB Charcandrick West, 81.8
C Mitch Morse, 79.5
WR Jeremy Maclin, 77.3
G Laurent Duvernay-Tardif, 77.2
Tyreek Hill once again provides the excitement
As the Chiefs' best playmaker, both on offense and special teams, Tyreek Hill has continued to make huge plays for the Chiefs late in the season, showcasing his incredible speed on a weekly basis. As a receiver, he had 46 yards this week, with another 15 yards added as a runner, but scored on an electric 95-yard punt return that effectively put the game out of reach in the second half. Hill has now forced 19 missed tackles on 76 offensive touches this year, and is a threat to go the distance every time he touches the ball.
Top defensive grades:
CB Marcus Peters, 93.3
LB Ramik Wilson, 84.7
CB Steven Nelson, 80.8
DI Jarvis Jenkins, 72.6
DI T.J. Barnes, 72.4
Elite game from CB Marcus Peters sets tone for solid defensive day
While the Chargers scored 27 points (seven of them off a pick-six) they weren't all that successful on offense. They can blame Marcus Peters for a fair bit of that. He completely shut down whoever he was covering, seeing five targets and allowing just two catches for 8 yards while intercepting a pass. Peters also had some help in coverage from linebacker Ramik Wilson, who surrendered just three catches for 46 yards and a pass breakup. They bent a few times, but the Chiefs' defense rarely broke and helped carry the team to victory.
Quarterback grade: Philip Rivers, 42.5
Rivers' struggles too much for Chargers to overcome in loss
It was a tough day for Rivers, and most of it was done without being under any pressure. He dropped back 39 times and was under pressure just six times. But he averaged just 7.8 yards per attempt when he wasn't under pressure and threw both interceptions. He rarely looked deep, throwing just two passes beyond 20 yards downfield and completing zero of them while throwing an interception. He was missing his receivers and forcing bad throws, and just couldn't do enough to carry San Diego to victory.
Top offensive grades:
TE Hunter Henry, 86.7
T Joe Barksdale, 81.7
G D.J. Fluker, 80.6
T Chris Hairston, 79.6
C Matt Slauson, 75.5
Surprisingly strong game from offensive line still not enough to win
It's no secret that the Chargers have had their fair share of offensive line struggles in the past. But there was none of that this game, as they allowed no sacks and just two hits and three hurries over 39 dropbacks. They also blocked well for a run game that gained 129 yards on 26 carries. Another bright spot for the offense was rookie Hunter Henry. He only caught four passes for 43 yards and a touchdown, but they were all very important catches, including one ridiculous one-hander on a bad throw by Rivers early in the game.
Top defensive grades:
ED Joey Bosa, 87.9
S Jahleel Addae, 82.7
ED Melvin Ingram, 78.1
LB Jatavis Brown, 69.1
S Adrian Phillips, 69.0
Bosa finishes the year with dominant showing
After holding out and missing the first four games of the year, Chargers edge defender Joey Bosa gave the fans and organization plenty to be excited about when he finally got onto the field. Excellent both against the run and as a pass-rusher, this was true in the final game of the year, too. He racked up a sack and five hurries from just 31 pass-rushing attempts against the Chiefs, and added four tackles resulting in a defensive stop, producing a pass-rushing productivity mark of 15.8 and a run-stop percentage of 16.0.
PFF Game-Ball Winner: Marcus Peters, CB, Chiefs
PFF's player grading process includes multiple reviews, which may change the grade initially published in order to increase its accuracy. Learn more about how we grade and access grades for every player through each week of the NFL season by subscribing to Player Grades.
I t's hard to imagine that any self-respecting gay man would want to listen to Eminem's frighteningly homophobic music, let alone consider the hostile singer a sex symbol, yet some gay men just can't resist the raging rapper.
Since The Marshall Mathers LP was first released in May of last year, the Gay and Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation (GLAAD) has been waging an all-out media campaign to raise awareness about the rapper's vicious hate lines. His appearance at the Grammy Awards on Wednesday night in a duet with the opportunistic Elton John was protested by a coalition of the who's who among lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender advocacy groups, including GLAAD; the Gay, Lesbian and Straight Education Network; Parents, Families and Friends of Lesbians and Gays; and The Matthew Shepard Foundation.
Eminem has raised the general hip-hop penchant for violence and queer scapegoating to such outrageous heights that even usually neutral writers, like gossip columnist Liz Smith, have jumped in to criticize his lyrics.
And with reason. After all, this guy is the king of anti-gay vitriol, as these lyrics from his song "Criminal" clearly illustrate: "My words are like a dagger with a jagged edge/That'll stab you in the head whether you're a fag or les/Or the homosex, hermaph or a trans-a-ves/Pants or dress/Hate fags? The answer's yes. ..."
Despite all this, Eminem does have gay fans.
While it is tempting to simply write these guys off as self-hating, their very self-awareness prevents that. A Web site called f***eminem.com by Gay Boy Ric is billed as "the official Web site for young men torn between their desire to have sex with Eminem and their desire to tell Eminem to f*** off as Dido sings in the background."
Gay Boy Ric acknowledges the complexity of the attraction with this comment: "Not since Marky Mark has a pop figure as cute as Eminem blasted onto the pop scene with such a confusing mix of sex appeal, misogyny and rapid-fire homophobia. The difference with Eminem is that he is a genuinely brilliant talent. Even as his lyrics disturb, his music tempts you beyond belief. Within seconds of lyrics that offend, lyrics follow that scream, 'Take me, genius, I'm yours!'"
Some fans, like Mark Connorton, writing in London's Web magazine Insomnia Zine, don't focus on Eminem as a sex symbol so much as a compelling musician with a best-selling album whose homophobia they discount: "Being queer myself, I don't find his record offensive and found the atmosphere at the gig to be one of adolescent naughtiness more than gangsta thuggery."
Others have mocked Eminem while admiring him. Openly gay Scott Thompson, formerly of the Canadian comedy group Kids in the Hall, made a splash this fall with the very funny "Dear Marshall" song parodying Eminem's "Stan," by twisting the perspective from homophobic to homo-positive. Thompson writes that he knows Eminem is "divorcing Kim/ good/ I always thought you looked better with him/ Dre completes you/ in the middle is where he meets you...Everybody says I'm a dope for loving you like I do/ they say you're homophobic/ I say you're not/ sincerely yours, your biggest gay fan, Scott."
In an interview with the LA Times, Thompson discussed his obsession with Eminem and said: "I find his album a cry for help, and the moment I heard it, I couldn't stop thinking about it. I'm just a sucker for damaged goods and rage-aholics."
Part of the attraction may be based on gay fans' hope that Eminem's damage and rage comes from not acknowledging that he's really gay. One glance at the Web reveals a number of postings from fans of rival rap stars who say as much, some claiming to have evidence Eminem is having sex with men. While these claims seem dubious at best, the thought itself may not be totally crazy. Scientific studies have found that more intensely homophobic men showed more sexual arousal viewing homoerotic pornography than non-homophobic men. Everyone knows from common sense and Shakespeare what's up with people who protest too much. And Eminem sure can't seem to stop talking about how much he hates gays.
Singer Boy George, who finds Eminem both talented and offensive, commented on the paranoid quality of Eminem's homophobia in an interview with Wall of Sound: "Everybody is basically bisexual, and whether you're aware of that is irrelevant. The paranoia stems from that innate fear we have inside of us -- rigidly holding on to your sexual and cultural identity. But masturbation is still playing with a penis, even if it's your own, right?"
Eminem's venom targets the entire queer community, his own gay fans included. Dissecting the reasons behind Eminem's homophobia or the attraction some gay fans have for him does not change how damaging his anti-gay lyrics are. Some may argue that musical taste, like sexual desire, is not something easily controlled. But in an age when corporations have such a stranglehold over which musicians are promoted and which are not, that assertion seems at best disingenuous.
Gay Eminem fans may want to think twice about where their musical preference is coming from.
More gay and lesbian events.
‘Defining Horror' is our new series that explores the creative minds behind the horror games that we love. Each entry in the series will share new aspects of the creative process, shining light on a developer's idea of what makes a quality horror experience, what elements are integral to a horror game, as well as what goes into effectively making an impact on the player. ‘Defining Horror' is a series that aims to give gamers insight into what the horror genre means to those who have developed or are developing horror games.
Below you will find Dan Pinchbeck's definition of horror.
Name: Dan Pinchbeck
Company: The Chinese Room
Title: Creative Director of The Chinese Room
Past Projects: Dear Esther, DOOM: Scarydarkfast
Current Projects: Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs, Everybody's Gone to the Rapture
Horror is about the player. Everything else is irrelevant. Historically, horror games got sidetracked quickly into resource management as being a relatively easy way of introducing anxiety into play. But that's not true, proper horror – that's tension and anxiety and they are different things. They work alongside horror and fear, sure, but they are different and distinct and that's important to remember.
True horror is story driven. True horror is about what isn't represented, it's about co-opting the player's own imagination, it's about the emotional landscape of their immersion in the game. The most frightening moments in games are not mechanic driven, they are driven by atmosphere and the space and time for a player's imagination to fester and erupt into terrifying new forms. This is what Frictional understood so brilliantly with The Dark Descent. the first hour of that game is not terrifying because of not having any tinder boxes, or some visual FX to suggest you are going a bit nuts. It's terrifying because of what is missing. And what is missing is a monster. The lack of actual stimulation, this incredibly light gameplay in technical terms creates a fucking nightmare playground for your imagination, because you start creating your own monsters to fill this yawning gulf of stimulus. The best part of Dead Space 2, the return to the Ishimura, works for exactly the same reason. Ghosts and Dead City are the standout sections of Metro 2033 and Last Light. Exactly the same principle. When it all starts going down in a game, you shift emphasis from imagination to solutions. Horror isn't about solutions, it's about inaction. When you have a player too terrified to even press a key, to have the game progress, then you've absolutely nailed it.
One of my biggest inspirations as a writer is the Hemingway short story: “For sale. Baby's shoes. Never Worn.” It's a work of genius, because in six words, he creates a catalyst for imagination in a powerful and deep way. Great horror games work with a similar principle. Just enough gameplay, just enough story, just enough system to engage, then hand over the work of creating terror to the player's imagination. Never show or tell too much. Never expose the mechanics of the ghost train. Never let them off with a simple explanation. Never think you can outpace the player's imagination in terms of generating fear.
He's the big man with the even bigger play.
At 6'11” and 255 lbs., John Egbunu is hard to miss on the court—or anywhere for that matter.
The redshirt sophomore has been in Gainesville for a year now, but will get his first taste of play in the Stephen C. O'Connell Center when the season kicks off on November 5, 2015 with an exhibition game against Palm Beach Atlantic.
For the past year though, as he sat out due to NCAA transfer regulations, Florida Gators basketball fans have grown more and more anxious for his presence on the court, specifically on the inside.
Head coach Mike White recognizes this as well, recently saying, “I would imagine that we're going to have an opportunity to take advantage of a big guy though in John Egbunu who can score on the interior. He's done it at the Division I level. He's had a great off-season.”
The last time he did it at that Division I level was at the University of South Florida in Tampa. There as a freshman, he played in all 32 games, starting 31, averaging 6.2 rebounds and 7.4 points per game and was named to the American Athletic Conference All-Rookie team. With that resume, he came to Florida and has added a mindset that certainly seems to be advantageous for White and the Gators.
“I feel like I'm just willing to do whatever the coach asks me to,” says Egbunu.
“That's my mindset and that's how I go into every practice, and every game.”
That humble attitude is present in everything Egbunu does. He's a quiet guy, never raising his voice but the farthest thing from boring or monotone. An ever-present chill attitude with a sweet disposition and an unsuspecting humor brimming underneath; he's well spoken in a way that suggests maturity beyond his years and the knowledge that actions speak louder than unnecessary words anyways.
This is never more obvious, at least to Coach White, than when Egbunu steps on the hardwood.
“He's very, very passionate. He plays loudly,” describes White. “I wish all our guys would play loudly. He's very aggressive. He plays with a high level of intensity especially if the ball is in his hands or he's around the ball. John is a very talented young man. We expect him to have a really good career.”
As that career progresses, Egbunu's parents will watch it from afar.
He's a native of Bauchi, Nigeria where his parents still reside. They watch his games through the power of technology and stream them on the computer. It's also how he beats the five-hour time difference to keep his parents updated with his life.
“I mean I speak to them every day and I Facetime them and stuff, which is good.”
They haven't seen him play live in nearly five years and that's something he'd love to change this season.
“It would mean a lot to me,” he said. “It would mean a lot to me.”
As the Florida Gators prepare for tip off of their new season and new era, John Egbunu is hoping for a meaningful return to basketball as well, bringing his big play to the floor.
The Bermuda Triangle of Science
Nonetheless, the evidentiary base regarding the existence of general intelligence and its ability to predict important life outcomes — including health, longevity and mortality, as well as other key variables — is beyond compelling, it's overwhelming. And if you find yourself feeling like you can do damage to this evidence base by invoking arguments about “multiple intelligences” or something of the sort, let me save you the effort. Those urges illustrate unfamiliarity with any of the serious research done on the topic in the last several decades. If those urges haunt you, I'd recommend Stuart Ritchie's excellent primer on the topic. The waters of intelligence research, though controversial, no longer require that you be Magellan to navigate them…
If you want to watch academics glorify a trait that many still think, “doesn't exist” or “doesn't matter”, hang around them when student applications are being reviewed.
The fact some become so histrionic in trying to prove or show that IQ is meaningless or irrelevant is evidence that deep in their subconscious there is a possibility they are wrong, that IQ is not meaningless. It's almost like it hits too close to home. If someone proclaims that there are flying toasters in space, such statement is meaningless and no one gets defensive because it can be immediately and safely be dismissed as nonsense, but not IQ research. Hence all the arm waving in trying to explain away IQ as ‘meaningless'.
A few weeks ago I got into some Reddit debates about IQ which will be excepted here to help dispel common misconceptions about IQ:
IQ tests have been widely disregarded by academic elites since Howard Gardner's work in the 80′s. You're actually serving as an example of non-experts overvaluing their own opinions, as touched on in the article.
The red pill thrives on this notion. Arguments don't have to be sound, they just have to sound good.
So please, leave the talking to the experts, or at least journalists who are trained to do more thorough research than your cherry picked, pseudo-intellectual school of “thought.”
Not true. As shown above, there is a positive correlation between IQ and income, academic and creative achievement, crime, welfare dependency, morality, success at work, and other qualities.
The problem with the multiple intelligences theory is that it's an example of moving the goalpost – creating enough categories that everyone is a ‘genius' at something.
I've written two posts with links to studies:
http://greyenlightenment.com/in-defense-of-smart-clever-people/
http://greyenlightenment.com/iq-and-morality-iq-and-job-performance/
More resources: http://greyenlightenment.com/debunking-more-iq-denialism/
Less intelligent people may be predisposed to criminality https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/the-scientific-fundamentalist/201006/why-criminals-are-less-intelligent-non-criminals
The push to discredit IQ tests is more motivated by partisanship than quantifiable evidence that IQ is meaningless.
On a tangential note, another problem is accusations of ‘elitism' in defending IQ.
From Reddit:
I'm fairly sure that all this talk of anti-intellectualism is the American scholar caste's way of expressing their frustration with democracy, and of scolding the peasants for not submitting quietly to their enlightened judgement in all matters all the time. So much for “critical thinking”. Typical of this perspective is the tendency to portray the efforts of peasants to resist cultural assimilation as an act of heinous reactionary aggression. And of course, their remedies always involve increasing the prominence, prestige, and respect afforded to, well, themselves. A quotation comes to mind:
I'm quite happy to be an anti-intellectual, actually. It is the modern equivalent of anticlericalism, and it is long overdue. One can oppose specific institutions without opposing thought in general. In fact, sometimes, it is even necessary.
The unification of anti-intellectualism with democracy is the best argument against democracy.
Also, what about the inventions and discoveries smart people bring to the world, raising standards of living as well as making the world more interesting? Everything we take for granted – internet access, running water & electricity, roofs that don;'t leak, etc -involved the ingenuity smart people, although some of the liberal arts stuff may be of dubious value. Complicated problems demand smart people to solve them, which if this is not egalitarian, inclusionary, or democratic enough, so be it.
The concept of ‘hierarchy' and ‘natural order‘ is antithetical to the prevailing culture of egalitarianism and equality that for decades has been instilled by pop culture, parents, teachers, and clergy – the false belief that we are all, upon conception, of equal ‘value' despite differences in ability and biology. According to this flawed thinking, a person with a middling IQ who works in an assembly line or warehouse is as valuable or important as an engineer. However, most people can do a factory job but only a small percentage can create jobs and innovation that, ultimately, employs the warehouse and assembly line worker. There is a hierarchy. Gladwell books and wishful thinking won't change this, sorry.
An online IQ debate is not complete without the anecdotal argument about high-IQ people who ‘didn't amount to anything', as if these underachievers are representative of everyone with a high IQ. What must understand is that a high or low IQ is no guarantee of success or failure – it's only about probability, with smarter people tending to have a higher probability or likelihood of being successful, if ‘success' is measured by things such as income, educational attainment, or creative output.
I've mentioned my super-easy DIY vitamin C serum a few times before on social media, and some of you have been asking me for the recipe… but I've been so distracted with other things I never got around to posting it until now. I'm sorry! Please forgive me. I hope the results make up for my tardiness!
What Does vitamin C Do in Skincare?
Vitamin C is a superstar anti-aging ingredient in skincare. It tackles anti-aging on lots of levels:
Increases collagen, which plumps up skin and decreases wrinkles
Fades hyperpigmentation (brown marks like acne scars and sun spots)
Acts as an antioxidant, protecting against free radical damage from UV, pollution and natural aging
Who wouldn't want this, right? It does a bit of everything!
The Problem With vitamin C
The big problem with using vitamin C in products is that L-ascorbic acid is very unstable in water-based products. It turns into yellow dehydroascorbic acid (DHA or DHAA) and other products very quickly: at pH 3.52 and 25 °C in amber glass, 50% is gone in a week. Luckily, DHA can convert back to L-ascorbic acid in your skin, and there's no evidence that it's bad for your skin (there's actually a product with an accompanying non-peer-reviewed study that actually uses it as a way of getting vitamin C into your skin more easily). But there's not a lot of evidence that it's good either, and it degrades further into products that can't be turned back into L-ascorbic acid.
L-Ascorbic acid can be stabilised by combining it with vitamin E and ferulic acid (plus it makes it work better). This is the approach used in serums from SkinCeuticals, Paula's Choice, Timeless, Cosmetic Skin Solutions and Ausceuticals, However, if you want to DIY with this combo, it not only requires buying vitamin E and ferulic acid, but you'll also have to get an emulsifier because vitamin E doesn't play nicely with water.
And if you've gone to the trouble of mixing all that, you'll also want a preservative to suppress bacterial growth so it'll last longer and you won't have to remake it any time soon. The price of all these ingredients adds up quickly, and if you've done any DIY before, you'll know that you'll end up with barely-used bottles that will go off before you finish them.
L-Ascorbic acid can also be stabilised by altering its chemical structure. Some derivatives of LAA include magnesium ascorbyl phosphate (MAP), ascorbyl tetraisopalmitate (ATIP) and tetrahexyldecyl ascorbate (THDA). However, these are expensive compared to LAA, and they need to be converted back into LAA to work as effectively.
The Solution: DIY vitamin C Serum
All these issues can be solved by using a DIY vitamin C serum that you remake every week or so. I generally find DIY a bit of a pain – the minimum orders of the ingredients are too large for me to use up personally so I end up spending way more money than using a pre-made product, and there's the horrible feeling of wastage when you chuck out expired, barely-used ingredients.
There's also the time required to cook up your product, the failed batches, and the dreaded washing-up afterwards. But it's hard to find a downside to this DIY serum:
All the ingredients and materials are easy to get and inexpensive
It takes about 5 minutes to make with no special equipment required
to make with no special equipment required It's more effective than a store-bought product – you don't have to deal with delivery times and distribution networks and having your vitamin C sit on a store shelf slowly degrading for an unknown period of time
than a store-bought product – you don't have to deal with delivery times and distribution networks and having your vitamin C sit on a store shelf slowly degrading for an unknown period of time You can easily adjust the amount of vitamin C in your serum – add more LAA to ramp up the effectiveness, or use less LAA to decrease irritation
the amount of vitamin C in your serum – add more LAA to ramp up the effectiveness, or use less LAA to decrease irritation It's cheap enough that I don't feel bad spraying it all over my face and chest and body
For an effective vitamin C serum, you need 5-20% LAA at a pH less than 3.5. Above 20%, the effectiveness of LAA doesn't increase but the side effects (mostly irritation) do.
Easy DIY vitamin C Serum Recipe
Ingredients and Materials
Here's what you need for a basic serum:
L-Ascorbic acid powder
As a dry solid, LAA is reasonably stable and cheap. You can find this at most supplement stores, or you can order it off iHerb like I did (Amazon has this brand too). Some powders apparently don't dissolve very well, but I didn't have any issues with NutriBiotic. I don't recommend using crushed tablets because it ends up more expensive, plus you end up with random bits of fillers on your face.
Distilled water
Metal ions in your water can speed up the rate of LAA decomposition. You can get distilled or deionised water at the supermarket for a few dollars. You can also use water filtered through a very fine filter that can remove metal ions (a nanofilter). Alternatively, you can use tap water and just remake your serum more frequently.
Baking soda
The pH of ascorbic acid alone in water is going to be too low (too acidic), which will cause unnecessary irritation. Baking soda is alkaline, so we can use it to adjust the pH back up, closer to skin pH.
pH strips
To see what the pH is. It doesn't have to be exact, so any indicator strips will do – I prefer the four-square indicator strips so I don't second-guess my colour matching abilities. You can get similar ones here.
1/4 teaspoon measuring spoon
1/4 teaspoon is 1.23 or 1.48 mL (depending on if it's US or Imperial), which translates to ~1 g ascorbic acid. Ideally weighing it is much more accurate, but for this quick-and-dirty recipe volumetric measurement will do.
A suitable container
You want an airtight(-ish) clean container. It doesn't have to be truly airtight since you'll be remaking this often. I like to use a spray bottle for my vitamin C serum, but you can use a dropper or pump too. I bought my spray from Daiso, but you can get similar ones in the travel or cosmetics section of the supermarket (Amazon's cheapest is here).
Aluminium foil
Enough to wrap around your container to lightproof it. Even if your container has coloured glass, this is a good idea!
Directions
1. Work out how much serum you can fit into your container in millilitres. If it's new or a product container you're reusing, it should say on the packaging. If you can't work it out, you can either check how many teaspoons of water fit in it using a teaspoon measure, or eyeball it against similar containers you own.
2. Calculate how many grams of LAA you need.
For a 5% serum, multiply the volume of your container in mL by 0.05 to get the LAA required in grams. (grams = mL x 0.05)
serum, multiply the volume of your container in mL by 0.05 to get the LAA required in grams. (grams = mL x 0.05) For a 10% serum, multiply the volume of your container by 0.1 to get the LAA required in grams. (grams = mL x 0.1)
serum, multiply the volume of your container by 0.1 to get the LAA required in grams. (grams = mL x 0.1) For a 20% serum, multiply the volume of your container by 0.2 to get the LAA required in grams. (grams = mL x 0.2)
For example, I'm making 20 mL of a 10% vitamin C serum: grams = 20 x 0.1 = 2 grams LAA.
3. Clean your container. Wash it out thoroughly then rinse with alcohol (methylated spirits) and let dry, then rinse it out a few times with your distilled water. If you don't have time for this, you can skip the alcohol but it could lead to it going off faster (if you remake it weekly it shouldn't be a problem).
4. Put the appropriate amount of LAA into your container. If you have scales capable of weighing to the nearest 0.1 g you can use that. A faster and reasonably accurate method is to use your 1/4 teaspoon measure and assume that a level teaspoon is approximately 1 g. It doesn't have to be super exact – your skin isn't going to respond significantly differently to 5% ascorbic acid vs 7% ascorbic acid.
(If you're super diligent and own scales, you can calibrate your teaspoon and your particular ascorbic acid powder by weighing out a flat teaspoon yourself, then using the faster teaspoon measure for future batches.)
5. Dissolve the LAA powder. Add about half the distilled water, put the lid on and give it a healthy shake until all the LAA powder has dissolved. If you fill the bottle all the way to the top, it's harder to shake.
6. Add the rest of the water. Shake a few times until it's mixed.
7. pH adjustment. Put a drop of serum on your pH strip to check the pH (you can dip the strip in if you want, but you might end up with ugly floaty bits in your serum). It's probably going to be too low. Add baking soda a tiny bit at a time, testing the pH as you go, until the pH is between 3 and 4.
For 20 mL of my 10% serum, I found that I needed about 3 rice grains' worth of baking soda to get to pH ~3.5.
8. Wrap the bottle in foil. This is a little trick I picked up in the lab during my PhD. It's the easiest and cheapest way to protect a light-sensitive substance. Light can still get in at the top so if you want you can make your bottle a little foil hat, but I find that it doesn't help over the short period especially if I keep it in the dark.
If you want to get fancy, you can also get light-protected packaging, but I'm a basic bitch so I'm happy with foil. Even if you have coloured glass, I'd recommend adding foil armour.
How long does this DIY vitamin C serum last?
With light protection, I've found that it gets slightly yellow after a week, and noticeably yellow after 2 weeks, so I think 2 weeks is the upper limit here. The pH is low enough that most bacteria won't be able to thrive so microbial growth isn't a big worry, especially when you won't be keeping the serum for very long.
There you go! You can get fancier if you're feeling less lazy (e.g. adding glycerin to make it humectant as well, combining it with AHA), but this is an effective, inexpensive vitamin C serum that's easy enough to make that even lazy skincare addicts like me can remake it regularly.
Once you're used to the process, I reckon you'll be able to make it in under 5 minutes! (I'm curious about how quickly this can be done, so if you decide to time yourself please let me know! I'll update with the time I take for my next batch.)
Pinnable graphic:
This post contains affiliate links – if you decide to click through and support Lab Muffin financially (at no extra cost to you), thank you! For more information, see Disclosure Policy.
FORT COLLINS, Colo., Nov. 21 (UPI) -- A U.S. psychologist links deja vu -- being in a new situation and feeling sure you have experienced it before -- to recognition memory.
In a report, published in Current Directions in Psychological Science, Anne Cleary of Colorado State University says deja vu may occur when aspects of a current situation resemble aspects of previously occurring situations -- the more overlap between the elements of the new and old situations the stronger the feeling of familiarity
"Many parallels between explanations of deja vu and theories of human recognition memory exist," Cleary says in a statement. "Theories of familiarity-based recognition and the laboratory methods used to study it may be especially useful for elucidating the processes underlying deja vu experiences."
In experiments using celebrity names and photographs Cleary found even when the participants were unable to identify a celebrity by photo, they had a sense of which names they had mentioned earlier and which had not. The same thing happened in an experiment using famous places.
Cleary also ran experiments that found features or elements of situations can trigger feelings of familiarity. Simply hearing a word that sounds similar to another -- for example lady and eighty -- or seeing a geometric fragment of a scene seen before can trigger familiarity.
Food scene is changing in The Woodlands Residents regret loss of Hubbell & Hudson grocery, but all is not lost
Co-owner and chef Edelberto Goncalves works on the wood-burning grill at Fieldings in The Woodlands restaurant at 1699 Research Forest Drive, one of several craft restaurants open in The Woodlands area. Co-owner and chef Edelberto Goncalves works on the wood-burning grill at Fieldings in The Woodlands restaurant at 1699 Research Forest Drive, one of several craft restaurants open in The Woodlands area. Photo: David Hopper, Freelance Photo: David Hopper, Freelance Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close Food scenes is changing in The Woodlands 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
Foodies and gourmands in The Woodlands may suffer a blow when the high-end grocer Hubble & Hudson closes its doors in March.
Still, these aficionados of the finer things on the plate are finding new venues to satisfy their sophisticated cravings.
Maris Blair, a lawyer by day and undercover gourmet cook, was among the many shocked at the news that the market in Town Center was scheduled to close its doors.
"I only live about a block from there, and I've been there since day one," Blair said. "I hate hearing that it is going to close. It's just sad."
With the announcement of the market's closure came the news that the adjacent restaurant would expand.
Blair said she is happy to hear about new dining options. In the meantime, she is preparing a shopping list for Hubble & Hudson's market.
"I'm going to get some of those ingredients that I just don't know where to find anywhere else," she said.
Market spokesman Haydar Kustu said the future will hold enhancements to Hubbell & Hudson Kitchen, Hubbell & Hudson Bistro and Hubbell & Hudson Catering.
"This has been a difficult decision, but as the saying goes, as one door closes, another opens," he said. "We'll continue to share updates and announcements as plans are finalized."
Hubbell & Hudson Market & Bistro opened in The Woodlands in 2008 and branched out to a second location at Black Forest Park, 4526 Research Forest Drive a few years later.
The second location, the Hubbell & Hudson Kitchen, will also remain open.
The original store, located at 24 Waterway Ave., became a culinary destination - with an array of produce, meat, seafood, dry goods and prepared foods.
Cary Attar founded Hubbell & Hudson - using his years of experience in grocery store management and culinary school to create a home for foodies in The Woodlands.
Attar said inspiration struck when he realized that he had to drive from his home in The Woodlands to Houston to shop for gourmet groceries.
He also realized that more people were on sugar-free and gluten-free diets and needed specialty items.
Attar sold his shares in Hubble & Hudson to Black Walnut Ventures in 2012 - with his sights on a new adventure in the culinary scene.
He and executive chef Edel Goncalves created Fielding Culinary Group – opening Fielding's Wood Grill in September 2013.
The business partners plan to open two other restaurants they believe will set a new standard in dining out.
"These will all be craft restaurants," Attar said. "We make everything from scratch."
At Fielding's Wood Grill, the steaks are hand-cut and the juices for the artisan mixology bar are fresh-squeezed. Chefs grind meat daily for the specialty burgers, make their own bacon and prepare sauces and sides from scratch. The restaurant even has a gluten free bun from its in-house bakery.
"We do as much farm-to-table as we can," Attar said. "We use all natural ingredients; we bake our own bread. Even our chicken is free-range and all natural."
He is convinced that the food scene is changing in The Woodlands - and that people are demanding more from menus and want fresher ingredients.
"The Woodlands' foodie scene is really growing," Attar said. "The market has grown and matured. They want something quality, and they want a good value. We're going to focus on quality of food and quality of service. We're going to focus on the experience."
Albert Nurick, a resident of The Woodlands who writes about food for the blog H-Town Chow Down, agrees that things are changing in the local restaurant scene.
He said when he first moved to the area in 2005, Amerigo's was the only good option for dining out.
"They've been here forever," Nurick said.
Now there are several options - including many independent restaurants. There are places for upscale dinner and fun fusion joints as well, he said, pointing out Tandoory Taco.
"We're starting to see little funky places like that - and I think that's when you get a good restaurant scene," Nurick said.
He also recommends trying Capri Italian Restaurant. "It's just extremely well-made, home-style Italian food," he said.
Nurick started a group on Facebook called Woodlands Area Foodies to encourage further discussion of dining options in the area.
"It's been great," he said. "I have 200 people in the group. If they find something cool, they will write about it."
Nurick invites other residents to join the conversation.
"These people are enthusiasts," he said. "And they like food."
Tim Ferriss is many things–including a writer, a tango dancer, and a kickboxer–but he's certainly not a conventional promoter. Ferriss, the author of two New York Times best sellers (The 4-Hour Workweek and The 4-Hour Body), is releasing his third book, titled The 4-Hour Chef, and he's using the Internet (and YouTube in particular) as one of his most important resources.
Ferriss, who previously used a video trailer to promote The 4-Hour Body, has redoubled his efforts for his new book, releasing two engaging trailers to his 4-Hour Chef YouTube channel, becoming one of the first authors to utilize YouTube as a video marketing tool. “I really do enjoy being first to try things,” said Ferriss, “even if I end up taking a couple hours in the back as the guy on the front lines.”
Ferriss created his YouTube material with the help of the Mekanism ad agency. One trailer features a hi-fi series of jumpy images, all brought together through a series of quick match cuts. The second takes an interview with fellow author Todd Henry and places it in front of a cleverly composed series of hand-drawn images.
In both cases, Ferriss made sure that his videos featured a production quality not present in the book trailers released by other authors. “The [previous] book trailers were all fairly dry and they were relatively low budget; maybe there was some sort of Animoto type text being used.” said Ferriss, “I wanted to make a book trailer that from a cinematic standpoint looked just like a movie trailer.” Sure enough, the more cinematic of the two trailers could easily belong to a fast paced Hollywood thriller.
The two trailers have drawn great traffic; the cinematic one has received 1.5 million views while the explanatory one sits around 550 thousand. Though these are undeniably high numbers, Ferriss understands that this is still a highly specific cross-section of potential customers. “It's fascinating that there are people like Epic Meal Time, who are getting close to 3 million subscribers, where there's still such a large segment of the population who won't know them unless they have a cable TV show with a small fraction of that viewership.” he noted. “But it's slowly being displaced where they can have both but the digital is becoming more powerful with every passing day.”
The 4-Hour Chef‘s use of YouTube is only part of the way it is appealing to a digitally-inclined crowd. In addition, the book's distributor is Amazon; it is one of the first books that the online retail giant has published. Ferriss chose to work with Amazon thanks to its unparalleled ability to contact its customers directly. “The biggest advantage of working with Amazon Publishing is the same advantage you have working with YouTubers over traditional TV.” he explained, “Most TV shows do not have direct access to their consumers because their customers are networks, their customers are ad agencies.”
Much in the same way a YouTube channel can directly message its subscribers, Amazon can go straight to the potential customer: “Amazon is the only publisher out there that if they so chose could send an email to 20 million people who are likely to buy your book,” said Ferriss. The drawback is significant: several brick-and-mortar retailers have boycotted Ferriss' book; a large percentage of the book's sales will have to come from the Internet, which provides another reason why Ferriss is so interested in YouTube-based promotion.
As for the book itself, it is a “cookbook for any skill that is disguised as a cookbook for food.” Ferriss, a “lifelong non-chef” uses his own methodology (described in the more informative of the two trailers) to quickly become an expert on any subject, and hopes to inform his readers how to do the same. If that's not enough of a reason to buy the book, it may also have bacon-flavored bourbon in it.
The book's release date is November 20; it is most readily available, naturally, on Amazon. With the 4-Hour Chef finished, Ferriss hopes to continue to expand his presence in the online video world. “I have a two day live course that will be all visual that will be debuted through Creative Live that's equal to or higher quality than any program you'd see on cable TV.” said Ferriss. If the quality of his trailers are to be believed, I don't see any reason to doubt him.
By Timothy Inklebarger
Staff Reporter
Ever heard of a "session beer"? You will if the aspiring entrepreneurs at Noon Whistle Brewing Company are successful in opening a craft brewery at 18 Chicago Ave.
Noon Whistle co-owner Paul Kreiner said the company, which aims to open shop in Oak Park near Austin Boulevard within the next six months, will specialize in so-called session beers, which typically contain less than 5 percent alcohol content.
Kreiner explained that many craft beers are as high as 11 percent or more, making drinkers tipsy or worse after just a couple of pints.
"We just want a beer with bold flavors and lower alcohol," he said in a recent interview.
Kreiner works as a beer distributor in Oak Park and earned an associate's degree in brewing technology from the Siebel Institute, a brewing school in Chicago. With co-owners Mike Condon and Jim Cagle, three friends since grade school, they presented plans for the new venture at this month's meeting of the village Liquor Control Review Board. The microbrewery will operate primarily as a manufacturing facility with a small storefront tasting room, offering the sale of cans and "growlers." The brew crew says they anticipate 90-95 percent of their sales will come from wholesale distribution.
The company initially hopes to manufacture 2,000 barrels a year, but they project ramping up production to 15,000 barrels — 465,000 gallons — annually by 2015.
The bar area tasting room is expected to hold 35-50 people and will be open Wednesday through Sunday until 10 p.m.
"We're not serving food; we don't have a restaurant in-house," Kreiner told the board, but the group aims to invite food trucks to operate outside the facility.
Condon said the tasting room would allow customers to bring in food from local restaurants or order delivery.
Commissioner Sara Spivy questioned whether the business would "benefit the community that much because it's a tasting room."
"It seems like almost all of your business is going out the back door into other communities — Chicago, River Forest, Forest Park or wherever that would be," she said.
Cagle said the draw for Oak Park would be support for the local brewery. "It is a draw for the local community in that this is my community and this is my home and this is my beer, especially after you start growing that name brand," Cagle said.
Viktor Schrader, vice president of the Oak Park Development Corporation, said the economic development group has been working with Noon Whistle for about 10 months on the project. The proposed location is currently home to Derby Lite, a roller derby fitness club.
He said the co-owners of Noon Whistle will hold a public meeting for neighbors to find out more about the proposed business on Feb. 12, 6:30 p.m., at 18 Chicago Ave., the site of the proposed microbrewery.
More information about Noon Whistle is available by contacting Schrader at v.schrader@opdc.net or by visiting Noon Whistle on Facebook and Twitter.
Contact:
Email: tim@oakpark.com
President Donald Trump arrived in Puerto Rico like an emperor, coming to scold his uncooperative subjects. “I hate to tell you, Puerto Rico, but you've thrown our budget a little out of whack,” he said during a visit to the island on Tuesday. He might as well have blamed us for throwing ourselves in the path of a hurricane.
Apart from the cost, the worst part about this catastrophe for Trump seems to be how damn ungrateful these Puerto Ricans are. The president called the mayor of San Juan, the capital, a “politically motivated ingrate” over the weekend. Then, on Tuesday, he suggested the island was exaggerating its woes. Puerto Rico isn't facing “a real catastrophe like Katrina” the president said. Just grow up and stop all your whining, in other words.
Trump arrived on the island more than two weeks after Hurricane Maria hit. Despite what he claims, the situation is still devastating. Only 5% of the electrical grid has been repaired; only 17% of the cellphone towers are working and more than half the island has no running water. Most of Puerto Rico's 3.5 million citizens have to stand every day in hellish lines for food, water, gas and medicines. This is the new normal for us and our families.
Puerto Rico: Trump appears to complain about cost of relief effort Read more
Yet, the president spent much of his time on the island patting his administration on the back for how well it is handling everything. “You can be very proud. Everybody around this table and everybody watches can really be very proud of what's been taking place in Puerto Rico,” he said.
Play Video 1:01 'You've thrown our budget a little out of whack', Trump tells Puerto Rico – video
During a “press conference” at the Luis Muñiz air national guard base in San Juan – in which he took no questions from the press – Trump praised the director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, military commanders and a half-dozen members of his cabinet, who accompanied him to Puerto Rico.
He reserved nothing, not one word of encouragement and empathy for the Puerto Rican people, who are the ones that have shouldered the brunt of this tragedy all by themselves.
Many don't agree at all with Trump's rosy self-assessment. On Tuesday, Oxfam America released a rare statement criticizing the administration for its response to the disaster: “The US has more than enough resources to mobilize an emergency response but has failed to do so in a swift and robust manner.”
And if all of this wasn't enough, after his pompous speech, Trump was taken to see the devastation in one of the wealthiest municipalities of the whole island: Guaynabo. Even in forgotten, neglected Puerto Rico, Trump reminds us that there is a pecking order – and it's the rich and powerful living in gated communities who come before all others.
And what did Trump do in Guaynabo? He threw out rolls of paper towel and bags of rice to the well-heeled Puerto Ricans. It was a pathetic performance, and deeply offensive, especially as people in the interior of the island have next to nothing.
Play Video 0:33 Trump throws paper towels into crowd in Puerto Rico – video
As I write this, a dear friend from Puerto Rico messages me to say: “It's bewildering to hear the president joke about how much this tragedy is costing him while I'm scrapping to pack a flat rate box with sausages, batteries and lanterns to my family, some of whom I haven't spoken to in two weeks.”
“That while he's throwing paper towels to a crowd like a five-year-old at a carnival basketball game, I try to keep a straight face for the next customer at work, while looking up prices for a small generator to ship to my aunt who is now living in the darkness of the San Sebastián mountains.”
Hurricane Maria was not enough to bring the Puerto Rican people to its knees. I doubt that Tuesday's farce will dent our resolve. It has only served to make us more aware of the truth – which is that we must save ourselves.
Texas Rangers slugger Josh Hamilton issued a statement Friday saying the "issue" he's been dealing with on a personal and professional level is discipline.
"Professionally, it's been plate discipline. Personally, it's been being obedient to the Lord in quitting chewing tobacco," Hamilton said in the statement. "I was hesitant to address the tobacco once again, because it's an area that I've struggled with trying to quit in the past. I wanted to have some time of success under my belt before addressing again publicly, but felt I haven't been given that option with all of the speculating out there as to what the 'mystery issue' was."
Hamilton ended the statement with a listing of two Bible verses -- Hebrews 12:4-5 and John 3:30.
In addressing the media earlier this week, Hamilton said that something was weighing on his mind, but that it would be revealed at a later time. He declined Thursday night to detail what it was, but noted there was a lot of speculating about it.
Hamilton has struggled at the plate for the past two months. He hit just .223 in June and batted just .177 in July. He had 19 homers in April and May but had just nine in June and July.
He did have two hits and four RBIs in the Rangers' win Thursday against the Los Angeles Angels.
"I figured I'd play good the first two months, suck the middle two and pick it up again the last two," Hamilton said jokingly after Thursday's game.
He said he was trying to stop overthinking about everything.
"Basically, I just said, 'You know what? Stop thinking about it. Stop listening to everybody -- everybody's got something to say -- and just go up there and play,' " Hamilton said Thursday night. "(Try to) react and try to slow the game down again. It worked. I'll keep trying to do it."
Based on the annual performance review, Tesla has fired hundreds of its employees across its California headquarters and Fremont vehicle factory. The firing was first reported by The Mercury News.
A Tesla spokesperson said, “Like all companies, Tesla conducts an annual performance review during which a manager and employee discuss the results that were achieved, as well as how those results were achieved, during the performance period.”
“This includes both constructive feedback and recognition of top performers with additional compensation and equity awards, as well as promotions in many cases. As with any company, especially one of over 33,000 employees, performance reviews also occasionally result in employee departures. Tesla is continuing to grow and hire new employees around the world,” said the spokesperson.
Reports suggest that nearly 400 to 700 employees were removed from their jobs. This includes everyone- from factory workers to engineers to managers. Further reports state that the workers were not given advance notice of the decision.
In addition, the company will also be announcing its earnings in the next couple of days. Considering the whole year, Tesla's stocks have continued to see an incredible spike, especially just after the recent quarterly earnings. Tesla also said that there was an even further increase in Model S orders following the Model 3 handover event.
If things were going so smoothly, one might wonder why the sudden firing of employees?
British Columbia's much-hyped liquefied natural gas (LNG) boom hasn't done much except fill the BC Liberal Party's coffers. In the last four years, the party has received over $1 million from fracking, gas pipeline and LNG companies.
Announcements, Events & more from Tyee and select partners ‘Punch to the Gut' Musical on Residential Schools Returns to Vancouver Children of God has been shaped by intense audience reactions, says director Corey Payette.
This includes $338,041 from Encana, one of the largest fracking players in B.C.'s northeast, and $63,500 from Woodfibre LNG, who let Premier Christy Clark announce its final investment decision in November 2016.
Meanwhile, the government has made shipping fracked gas to Asia its top priority at the expense of local communities, the global climate and the public purse. Projects are stalled, up for sale or dead in the water all along the B.C. coast. That would be good news for the environment if it weren't for the mess this obsession with LNG left behind.
British Columbia used to be the leading jurisdiction in North America on climate change. Thanks to the prospect of a brand new dirty fossil fuel industry, we've fallen far behind. Endless stalling tactics and shameful misinformation have been used to stop climate policy from doing exactly what it was designed to do: prevent the growth of an extremely high-carbon industry.
One of the first things the province did when LNG began to rear its head was to declare the gas “clean energy” so it would qualify under B.C.'s Clean Energy Act. This began an effort to paint our most polluting industry as somehow beneficial for the climate. It was all utter nonsense, as research from the Canadian Centre for Policy Alternatives shows that firing Chinese power plants with BC LNG is even worse over the short term than coal.
But that didn't seem to matter.
It was already clear the government would miss its own 2020 target. So they assembled their Climate Leadership Team who worked for six months to propose a credible path to getting back on track. Instead, the province stalled another eight months before announcing that it would ignore the plan and focus on replanting forests — of dubious value to the climate.
Nothing exemplifies dubious value to the climate like the Site C dam, yet another “clean energy” project. Coming in at a whopping $9-billion cost to taxpayers, the dam's original intent was to electrify a boom in fracking infrastructure in the northeast resulting from LNG development.
With no boom incoming, the government instead handed LNG companies an even bigger bailout. In November it approved a new “eDrive” hydro rate for LNG plants, lowering costs from $83.02 per megawatt hour to $53.60, or about half the expected cost of the power from Site C.
That publicly subsidized power worth $34 million a year was the deciding factor in Woodfibre LNG's final investment decision, according to the company.
Bankrupting BC Hydro is only the start of the giveaways to the LNG industry. Pacific NorthWest LNG's tax deal in 2015 saw its tax rates slashed in half for the next 20 years, and ensured they would pay hardly any tax until the plant has been paid off.*
That would likely take the first eight to 10 years of operations, which means taxpayers would effectively be on the hook for any lost revenues.
Energy Industry Uses Money, Army of Lobbyists to Influence BC Government read more
A blueprint for future agreements, it also promised to reimburse the company if any future governments raised taxes, eliminated fossil fuel subsidies or increased the carbon tax.
Despite the shocking lengths the government has gone to try and prop up its LNG plans, the industry is so far little more than a handful of empty lots.
About 30 minutes down a gravel access road on the side of the Douglas Channel there's a clearing roughly the size of a soccer field — the site of Kitimat LNG. It's been sitting there empty since the owner cleared the site in order to hold onto the permits it was granted in 2008.
In the meantime, the project's owners have changed completely. Originally a partnership between U.S.-based Apache, Encana and EOG Resources, the latter two sold their stakes to Chevron in 2012. Then in 2014, Apache backed out and sold its 50 per cent stake to Australian Woodside.
If this is starting to sound like investors flipping a Vancouver condo, you're right on the money. With so much uncertainty in the industry, LNG projects are becoming the latest speculative gamble for multinational fossil fuel companies. No surprise that as soon as Pacific NorthWest LNG got its approvals, rumours swirled that it too was up for sale.
Meeting our climate commitments, making responsible infrastructure investments, ensuring government coffers see their fair share and communities get the benefits of projects — all of these are indisputably in the public interest.
When the most powerful industry on the planet is able to throw unlimited money into our political process, it raises glaring questions about whom the government is really representing.
On both sides of the border, it's become painfully clear that to fight climate change we must first sever the fossil fuel industry's hold on our democracy. It won't be easy, but life itself depends on it.
* Story corrected on March 14, 2017 at 3:50 p.m.
After informing Durham Regional Police that she and others on her quiet Whitby street believed two neighbourhood brothers had broken into a nearby home and stolen two guns, Margaret Stack pleaded with the officer to never reveal her identity. “My only concern is that I have two little boys,” she told Durham police officer James Liepsig in a videotaped interview at the force's police station in February, 2002.
Durham Police have been ordered to pay $345,000 in damages to Margaret Stack after an officer revealed her identity to the family she had provided confidential information about. She alleges the family embarked on a 'relentless' campaign of spying and harassment.
“That is everybody's concern,” Liepsig responded, reassuring Stack her information would not be released. “This is between you and I.” But after the brothers were arrested for the gun thefts, it quickly became evident Liepsig had been far from discreet — and did nothing to stop the boys' family from accessing the video of Stack's interview, a recording he did not even tell her was being made. Stack and her husband allege in a recent court case that the boys' family then launched a relentless campaign of wrath — harassment that included “constantly” spying and staring through windows and “clucking” and making chicken actions when she was on the street. It culminated in an attempt to hit Stack with a truck, sending her running for cover behind a tree. Stack and her husband eventually put their home up for sale.
Article Continued Below
In what experts say is a legal precedent, Ontario Superior Court Justice Douglas Gray ordered Durham police to pay Stack $345,000 in damages, ruling the force did “nothing whatsoever” to preserve Stack's anonymity. There was no attempt remove her name from paperwork or edit the videotape made available to the boys' lawyer, and the Crown attorneys who prosecuted the case were never told of any promises of anonymity, Gray wrote in his decision, released late last month. “At the very least there must be a duty to take reasonable care to preserve anonymity. In this case, it is clear that reasonable care was not taken,” he wrote in the ruling. Gray also criticized the Durham force's lack of response when Stack's husband, Chad Nissen, called to report the harassment and the neighbour's alleged attempt to hit Stack with his truck, writing that the police “did almost nothing about it.” Dave Selby, spokesman for Durham Regional Police, said in an email Tuesday that a notice of appeal has been filed. Liepsig would not be available for comment because the legal process is still underway, Selby said.
Margaret Hoy, Stack's lawyer, said the decision is not just a win for her client and her family but for members of the public who feel compelled to bring vital information to the attention of police. “They have the right to believe that when they are told something by the police that the police will keep their word and they will act honestly,” Hoy said in an interview. “There's a need for people to step forward. They are essential to the administration of justice.”
Article Continued Below
Reached at home, the boys' father — who cannot be identified because his sons were underage at the time of their arrests — denied there had been any campaign of harassment or attempt to run over Stack with his pickup truck. Only one of his sons was charged in connection to the gun theft after one of the firearms was found in a nearby creek. He did three months' probation, the father said. Court heard Stack is still suffering from post traumatic stress disorder caused by the two months of harassment and “relentless” spying by the neighbours. Stack testified the neighbours would come to their living room window or onto the front step of their house or driveway “and glare at them,” Gray wrote. Nissen told court he called the boys' father after the alleged attempt to strike Stack with the truck, and he took notes of their conversation. Nissen testified his neighbour called Stack “Judas” and said: “I'm going to watch you and your family under a microscope and when you screw up I will return the (courtesy). I will pay her back 10-fold.” Before they decided to move a different area in Durham Region, Nissen testified the family tried boarding up their fence, closing the shutters and curtains throughout the house and even arranged to access their home through their neighbour's backyard, according to the ruling. Toronto lawyer Sean Dewart, who has been involved in a previous case involving an informant's identity being revealed by a Crown attorney, said he is not aware of any other such trials in Ontario and possibly in Canada involving police identification of an anonymous informant, though that kind of information leak has certainly happened before. “It's definitely precedent-setting,” he said. “What it really shows you is that overly zealous policing really messed up someone's life … These people sustained very tangible harm and incurred a lot of expenses because of extraordinarily foolish policing, and they get the compensation that I think they deserved.”
In the second period of Monday's game against the San Jose Sharks, Capitals forward TJ Oshie left the game after getting his head rammed into the boards during a hit from Joe Thornton. After missing practice and being listed as day-to-day with an upper-body injury, Oshie will miss Wednesday night's game against the Chicago Blackhawks.
Alex Chiasson is slated to replace Oshie in the lineup.
As expected #Caps lines at morning skate were:
Ovechkin-Backstrom-Wilson
Vrana-Kuznetsov-Chiasson
Connolly-Eller-Boyd
Stephenson-Beagle-SmithPelly Braden Holtby starts in goal. ScratchesL: Graovac, Chorney scratches. T.J. Oshie won't play. — Brian McNally (@bmcnally14) December 6, 2017
According to head coach Barry Trotz, Oshie worked with the team's trainers in the morning, but was unsure if he'd practice Thursday.
T.J. Oshie (upper body/day-to-day) did not take the morning skate and won't face the #Blackhawks. He did work w/ #Caps trainers this a.m. and will do so again tonight. Still unclear when he'll return to the ice. Andre Burakovsky could return as soon as Friday vs. the #Rangers. pic.twitter.com/ISIWyLQEnL — Tarik El-Bashir (@TarikNBCS) December 6, 2017
“He's going through some different things with our trainers,” Trotz said. “He did some stuff with them this morning. He'll do some stuff tonight. If they feel like he can come on the ice tomorrow, he will.”
Oshie missed 14 games last season as a result of an undisclosed injury that some team members called a concussion. The Caps will likely feel the weight of Oshie's absence. The forward is currently second on the team in goals (10) behind Alex Ovechkin, and third in points (23).
The Sharks' Joe Thornton received no supplementary disciplinary action from the NHL for the hit against Oshie. San Jose's Brenden Dillon was suspended Tuesday night for one game as a consequence of his two-handed slash against Caps defenseman Madison Bowey in the same game.
Headline photo: Patrick Smith
Advertisements
Share this story: Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
There are certainly not a lot of positives to be drawn from the 2013-14 Washington Capitals season. With the playoffs almost completely out of the question, many have taken a look down the Caps' pipeline, seeing which prospects could make an impact in the near future. The Capitals signed second round draft selection Madison Bowey on Wednesday, inking the former second rounder to a three year entry level contract.
Another prospect that could sign his first pro contract in the coming years is versatile forward Riley Barber, a Pittsburgh native, and Washington 2012 sixth round draftee. Barber, 20, recently finished his sophomore season at Miami University of Ohio and has made great strides throughout his development at the collegiate level since he was selected by the Capitals a few summers ago.
After his season end with the RedHawks, the 20 year old winger was able to chat with The Hockey Writers on an array of topics including his collegiate season and representing the United States of America for the Under 20 World Junior Hockey Championship in Russia.
His sophomore season was an up and down one to say the least, as Miami of Ohio's season ended with a 4-3 loss in the NCHC tournament against Denver. The RedHawks had losing streaks of three games (twice) and four games throughout the season and finished with a 15-19-3 record.
“Obviously this year was tough,” Barber said. “We had some ups and downs, but overall I think we had a positive finish.”
The Frozen Four gets underway in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania this week, but Barber is unlikely to watch due to Miami's lack of participation.
“I watch some of my buddies (in the NCAA tournament). I try not to watch too much of it because it's kind of hard to watch for me anyhow, just seeing it. They're still playing and we're not. All those teams in there deserve it and good luck to all of them.”
Barber had another solid season for Miami of Ohio in his sophomore campaign, surpassing the point per game plateau once again this season, with 44 points in 38 games, second on the team behind forward Austin Czarnik who finished with 46 points in 36 games. Barber has collected 83 points in 78 total NCAA contests, an average of 1.06 points per game which ranks him with the top players in the country over the past two seasons. His coach Enrico Blasi has had a substantial impact on Barber's impact from his very first practice, along with the decision to come to Miami University of Ohio.
“He's really impacted me,” the Capitals prospect emulated of Blasi's help. “He's given me every opportunity since day one from freshman (year) till I evolved into the player I am today. He's pushed me every day in practice, he's a really big reason for my development.”
“I think just the mix of athletics and school at Miami was one that the other schools that I visited didn't really have,” Barber said of the decision to become a RedHawk. “Hockey is the number one sport here, it's a great fan base, a great campus and a great school just thought it had everything for me.”
Barber said he had an “unforgettable” experience with his teammates at the Under 20 WJHC and he continued to spend some time with two fellow Capitals prospects.
“I played with Thomas DiPauli and Connor Carrick in my Under 18 (tournament) so we're really close. Especially being able to go to summer camps and hang out with some of the guys you develop relationships.”
@DStarmanHockey yes starsy I am very excited to return #MiamiOH — Riley Barber (@rileybarber94) April 3, 2014
He reiterated that he hadn't made a decision to go pro yet at the time of the interview, but announced that he'd be returning to Miami University of Ohio Thursday morning. Barber's teammates Austin Czarnik and Blake Coleman recently announced they are returning to the RedHawks next season which likely factored into his decision as the opportunity to win almost does.
Czarnik, Coleman announce they will return to Miami. Entire junior class will return for final season #Brotherhood pic.twitter.com/NLbWVAopAk — The Brotherhood® (@MiamiOH_Hockey) April 2, 2014
“That would be awesome,” said Barber on possibly getting a chance to play for the Capitals in his first pro season like Carrick has. “Whenever you get a chance to play with the big boys it's something special. That'd be great.”
The 20 year old said there are some parts of his game he wants to get better, which could lead to a quicker arrival to the NHL than many ever imagined from a sixth round draft selection.
“My quickness I want to get better at, also just improve in all aspects. Skating, shooting is an area I really try to work on during the summer, but I think I'm really going to work on my quickness this summer.”
You can follow Matthew on Twitter @m_speck and email him at mspeck21@yahoo.com with any questions or comments.
US Associate Justice of the Supreme Court Sonia Sotomayor during a press conference in San Salvador on August 16, 2011. AFP PHOTO/ Jose CABEZAS (Photo credit should read Jose CABEZAS/AFP/Getty Images) Sonia Sotomayor (Credit: Jose CABEZAS/AFP/Getty Images)
WASHINGTON — Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor rejected on Sunday the notion that alternatives to affirmative action such as income or residency could achieve similar results in diversifying the nation's colleges and universities.
When asked whether other “less fractious” measures could achieve similar results for schools, she said that statistics show the alternatives simply don't work.
Sotomayor strongly backs affirmative action and wrote the dissent in April in a 6-2 decision that upheld a state's right to outlaw the use of race in determining admissions.
Sotomayor is the first Hispanic on the Supreme Court and graduated from Princeton University. She said her alma mater could fill its freshman class with students who scored perfectly on undergraduate metrics, but it chooses not to do so because it would not create a diverse class based on standards the school considers important for success in life.
She also pointed out that some students boost their prospects for attending a school based on their family's history.
“Look, we have legacy admissions. If your parents or your grandparents have been to that school, they're going to give you an advantage in getting into the school again,” Sotomayor said. “Legacy admission is a wonderful thing because it means even if you're not as qualified as others you're going to get that slight advantage.”
Sotomayor participated in the rare television interview on ABC's “This Week” as she promotes the paperback edition of her book, “My Beloved World.”
(Copyright 2014 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Waxangel Profile Blog Joined September 2002 United States 27025 Posts Last Edited: 2011-06-06 08:30:35 #1 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UTDh8jK6jwk
TL: How did you feel when the crowd was chanting your name after your victory?
MMA: I had something to say, but I forgot it amidst the cheers.
TL: MLG Columbus was very good for the Koreans, with you, Losira and MC placing 1st, 2nd, and 3rd. What do you think of the foreigners, and how would they do in the GSL if they went to Korea?
MMA: The reason Koreans did better than foreigners is because they work harder, doing what they love with professionalism, putting in long hours with perserverence and passion. Of the foreigners, I think ThorZain would do very well if he came to the GSL.
TL: You're part of Slayers, a team run by one of the most popular players - Boxer. You play very similarly to the way Boxer played in Brood War. Does he coach you, or is there some reason you have a similar style?
MMA: My medivac play is something any Terran could do if they played with more finesse, but because the SC II interface is so convenient, players don't exploit that aspect of the game. I think thats why my harass play works.
TL: Did you expect the foreign fans to be so passionate? How does it compare to your experience in GSL and Korea?
MMA: It's my first time in the USA, and the crowds, passion, cheers were reminiscent of the 2002 World Cup in Korea. It was so great, and it would be awesome if GSL could be as popular.
TL: You said you want to come back to MLG. Any words to the fans who'd also love to see you again?
MMA: Korean players know all about TeamLiquid and visit it often. I'd like to thank all of the fans. Also, there are a lot of foreign pro-gamers on TL, and I hope [Koreans] have good exchanges.
There was something I wanted to say back on stage. Thanks for inviting us to MLG. Thank you MLG employees, Lee Chen, Alyssa, Josh, and especially Wooju (milkis) here for helping us out. TL: How did you feel when the crowd was chanting your name after your victory?MMA: I had something to say, but I forgot it amidst the cheers.TL: MLG Columbus was very good for the Koreans, with you, Losira and MC placing 1st, 2nd, and 3rd. What do you think of the foreigners, and how would they do in the GSL if they went to Korea?MMA: The reason Koreans did better than foreigners is because they work harder, doing what they love with professionalism, putting in long hours with perserverence and passion. Of the foreigners, I think ThorZain would do very well if he came to the GSL.TL: You're part of Slayers, a team run by one of the most popular players - Boxer. You play very similarly to the way Boxer played in Brood War. Does he coach you, or is there some reason you have a similar style?MMA: My medivac play is something any Terran could do if they played with more finesse, but because the SC II interface is so convenient, players don't exploit that aspect of the game. I think thats why my harass play works.TL: Did you expect the foreign fans to be so passionate? How does it compare to your experience in GSL and Korea?MMA: It's my first time in the USA, and the crowds, passion, cheers were reminiscent of the 2002 World Cup in Korea. It was so great, and it would be awesome if GSL could be as popular.TL: You said you want to come back to MLG. Any words to the fans who'd also love to see you again?MMA: Korean players know all about TeamLiquid and visit it often. I'd like to thank all of the fans. Also, there are a lot of foreign pro-gamers on TL, and I hope [Koreans] have good exchanges.There was something I wanted to say back on stage. Thanks for inviting us to MLG. Thank you MLG employees, Lee Chen, Alyssa, Josh, and especially Wooju (milkis) here for helping us out. Administrator Hey HP can you redo everything youve ever done because i have a small complaint?
A record-breaking number of people rode the UP Express on Saturday; the service has been free this weekend.
Metrolinx says more than 10,000 people rode the train, which runs between Union Station and Pearson Airport.
"Yesterday's numbers were outstanding. We couldn't be happier," company spokeswoman Anne Marie Aikins said.
She acknowledged that the main reason the numbers were so high was because the service was free. She said they offered the service for free to try to introduce more people to it.
Ridership has been very low with most trains operating at 90 per cent empty.
People lined up for the train service on Saturday. (CBC)
"A lot of people don't know where it is, what it is, how it works, whether It's for them," she said. "It couldn't be a better weekend. In spite of the frigid temperatures, people came out in droves."
Aikins said the cold weather did cause one of their rails to break in the morning, but that was resolved shortly after.
She said the free weekend is part of their strategy to get more people to ride the train.
One of the main issues with the service has been the price: it costs $27.50 for a one-way adult ticket, and $19 with a Presto fare card.
She said they're looking at all of the barriers to ridership, including the price, and are considering whether to change it.
"We're also looking at better signage, better connections between our other service providers — GO, and TTC — so we're working on all of that and we'll be coming out with a new strategy in the coming weeks and months," she said.
Of the first 30-odd roadshow events held since February, at least 27 were in Liberal or National seats
Labor has raised concerns the government's new small business roadshow program has so far overwhelmingly visited Coalition-held seats, suggesting Coalition voters are being rewarded with better access to services.
Of the first 30-odd roadshow events held since the program started on 20 February, at least 27 were in Liberal or National seats, just two in Labor seats and one in Indi, which is held by an independent, according to a Labor analysis of small business minister Michael McCormack's media releases and other public statements.
According to the releases, checked by Guardian Australia, McCormack was accompanied by local Liberal and National MPs or senators, even when he attended Cathy McGowan's seat of Indi and Labor-held seats Parramatta and Greenway.
Pauline Hanson backs away from blocking budget over ABC funding cuts Read more
Coalition electorates visited included the marginal seats La Trobe, Corangamite, Bonner, Petrie, Bowman, Gilmore, Hinkler, Forde and Fisher.
The roadshows are used to get feedback from small business but also to spruik government policy. In one event listing for a roadshow forum on 6 April, the Corangamite MP, Sarah Henderson, boasted of the government's small business tax cuts for 16,920 local businesses.
Henderson also accused Labor of having “no plan for job creation and no play for growing the economy”, alongside an invitation to local business owners to meet her and McCormack at the official event.
McCormack attends the events with senior staff from agencies including the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission, the Australian Small Business and Family Enterprise Ombudsman and the Australian Tax Office.
At Senate estimates on Tuesday, the Treasury's small business division head, Patrick Boneham, said the roadshow events were organised by the small business minister's office and not the Treasury.
He said he believed government agencies paid their own way to attend and McCormack would attend using his budget.
The shadow small business minister, Katy Gallagher, asked if it was a problem that event invitations criticised Labor policy and public servants attended in support.
The finance minister, Mathias Cormann, rejected her suggestion the events were political, saying it was “not unusual” that government MPs would attend what are “government policy forums”.
“It's not unusual [for them] to express views. The government is obviously focused on developing … and promoting government policy.”
Cormann noted that the Labor MPs Rob Mitchell, Jacinta Collins and David Feeney had expressed interest in forums. Gallagher questioned whether that had occurred after Labor raised the issue at Senate estimates last week.
Gallagher told Guardian Australia “the idea of a small business roadshow program is a good one but the fact that the forums have been held almost exclusively in Liberal or National party electorates, supported by taxpayers' funds and with the attendance of public servants is deeply concerning”.
“Ministers must act with integrity at all times, particularly when it comes to the use of public money and the public service,” she said. “The small business roadshow should be reaching out to all small businesses across the country, not just reaching out to those who voted for a Liberal or National MP in 2016.”
Adani: director on board that will consider $900m loan says project is 'vital' Read more
A spokesman for McCormack said the minister had started the roadshows in regional areas because they “often have not had the same access to different government agencies as small businesses in the cities do”.
“Approximately 20 visits have been to regional areas, which are predominately represented by Liberal and National members of parliament,” he said. “The remaining visits were scheduled around speeches, official engagements, logistics or availability.”
The spokesman said that the minister “is visiting as many communities as possible” because “each small business and every region deserves equal access to policy-makers and support services”.
He said there were “a number of pre-existing plans in place to visit Labor, Green and independent seats, subject to schedules and availability”.
Story highlights National Weather Service issues an advisory for areas around the volcanoes
An observatory reports ash plumes 20,000 feet above sea level over the Pavlof Volcano
That and another Alaska volcano remain on second highest alert status
An expert notes volcanic eruptions over Alaska can seriously affect air travel
An Alaska volcano exhibiting "elevated seismic activity" has spewed ash clouds skyward -- as high as 20,000 feet above sea level -- an observatory reported Wednesday.
As was the case a day earlier, the Pavlof Volcano was on "watch" status on Wednesday because of heightened activity, and it was also under an orange code that relates to how its rumblings might affect planes flying over its summit. Both these alert levels are the second most serious out of four options, according to the Alaska Volcano Observatory.
The same alert levels also continue to apply Wednesday to the Cleveland Volcano, which like Pavlof is in the Aleutian Island range southwest of mainland Alaska. Lava was reported flowing Tuesday at Pavlof and Cleveland.
"They are very similar, and both have the ability to erupt," John Power, a scientist from the U.S. Geological Survey, said this week.
Pavlof is the higher of the two volcanoes, reaching to 8,261 feet, and the one that is connected to the Alaskan mainland. The Alaska Volcano Observatory's Wednesday update noted persisting "elevated seismic activity" as well as reports of steam and ash clouds.
Web camera images show the plume "rising occasionally up to about 20,000 feet above sea level," the same height at which a pilot on Wednesday reported a "dark ash cloud" stretching east-northeast.
The volcano observatory also reported a "diffuse ash plume" on Tuesday night at an altitude of 15,000 feet and visible downwind for up to 100 miles.
Surface temperatures at the 5,676-foot high Cleveland Volcano remained elevated over the past 24 hours, the observatory said, though there were no explosions detected by infrasound data in that time.
The volcano observatory continues to warn that "sudden explosions of blocks and ash are possible with little or no warning."
The observatory said Cleveland could also produce ash clouds rising more than 20,000 feet above sea level. Beyond any impact on fish, wildlife and humans, large ash clouds could negatively impact air travel.
The National Weather Service has issued a SIGMET, short for significant meteorological information, in areas around the volcanoes.
After "eruptive activity" last year at the Cleveland Volcano, University of Alaska Fairbanks scientist Steve McNutt said 90% of air freight from Asia to Europe and North America flies over Alaska airspace, and hundreds of flights fly through Anchorage's airspace daily.
"We think of the Aleutian Islands as being remote and desolate" Power said, "but when you come up to 30,000 feet we are talking about 20 to 30,000 people there every single day."
Power described Pavlof as "one of the most historically active volcanoes in the Northern Hemisphere." Cleveland is also "very active," having last had a large eruption in 2001.
Posted on 2017-03-20 by Oleg Grenrus lens
Thanks to Matthew Pickering, I learned about affine traversals. Affine traversal is an optic that has 0 or 1 target; the fact which you can check by using specialised view function! While playing with them, you have to use Pointed in the van Laarhoven formulation; profunctor one doesn't suffer from this (subjective) unelegancy!
Behold, profunctors ahead:
{-# LANGUAGE RankNTypes, TupleSections #-} module AffineTraversal where import Control.Applicative import Data.Bifunctor import Data.Default import Data.Functor.Apply import Data.Pointed import Data.Profunctor import Data.Semigroup.Traversable
Affine traversal is an optic that has 0 or 1 target (see e.g. failing )
The simplest example would be:
ex1 f = (_1 . _Right) f
The problem is that in lens (var Laarhoven encoding) a Prism is:
type PrismVL s t a b = forall p f . ( Choice p, Applicative f) => p a (f b) -> p s (f t)
here, Applicative is too restrictive, forcing combination with
type LensVL s t a b = forall f . ( Functor f) => (a -> f b) -> s -> f t
to be full
type TraversalVL s t a b = forall f . ( Applicative f) => (a -> f b) -> s -> f t
To define prism, the disputed Pointed class would be enough. In lens usage it won't be as bad, as library writer controls how they will instantiate f in the optic!
If we had
type PrismVL' s t a b = forall p f . ( Choice p, Functor f, Pointed f) => p a (f b) -> p s (f t) -- | Using 'point', not 'pure' prismVL' :: (b -> t) -> (s -> Either t a) -> PrismVL' s t a b prismVL' bt seta = dimap seta (either point (fmap bt)) . right'
then we could define
type AffTraversalVL s t a b = forall p f . ( Functor f, Pointed f) => (a -> f b) -> s -> f t
The "nice" consequence, is that
type GettingVL r s a = (a -> Const r a) -> s -> Const r s viewVL :: GettingVL a s a -> s -> a viewVL l s = getConst (l Const s)
used on a AffTraversalVL
ex1' :: AffTraversalVL ( Either c a, d) ( Either c b, d) a b ex1' = _1 . _Right
would give Default values on non-match (and not mempty ):
λ > viewVL ex1 ( Right 42 , True ) :: Int 42 λ > viewVL ex1 ( Left 'a' , True ) :: Int 0
because Pointed (Const r) is defined in terms of Default r .
#Profunctor approach
If we'd use profunctor optics, Lens and Prism are defined more uniformly:
type LensP s t a b = forall p . Strong p => p a b -> p s t type PrismP s t a b = forall p . Choice p => p a b -> p s t
It turns out that their combination is the affine traversal!
type AffTraversalP s t a b = forall p . ( Strong p, Choice p) => p a b -> p s t
We can repeat the above example, if we define Choice (Forget r) using Default (instances are at the end):
newtype ForgetD r a b = ForgetD { runForgetD :: a -> r } type GettingP r s a = ForgetD r a a -> ForgetD r s s viewP :: GettingP a s a -> s -> a viewP l = runForgetD (l ( ForgetD id))
used on an optic
ex2 :: AffTraversalP ( Either c a, d) ( Either c b, d) a b ex2 = first' . right'
seems to work:
λ > viewP ex2 ( Right 42 , True ) :: Int 42 λ > viewP ex2 ( Left 'a' , True ) :: Int 0
Another approach is to define
newtype ForgetM r a b = ForgetM { runForgetM :: a -> Maybe r } type AffGettingP r s a = ForgetM r a a -> ForgetM r s s affviewP :: AffGettingP a s a -> s -> Maybe a affviewP l = runForgetM (l ( ForgetM Just ))
λ > affviewP ex2 ( Right 42 , True ) :: Maybe Int Just 42 λ > affviewP ex2 ( Left 'a' , True ) :: Maybe Int Nothing
And as ForgetM isn't (cannot be?) Traversing , this won't type-check:
λ > affviewP traverse' [ "foo" , "bar" ] < interactive >: _ : 10 : error : • No instance for ( Traversing ( ForgetM [ Char ]))
but the viewP does fold:
λ > viewP traverse' [ "foo" , "bar" ] "foobar"
We could define Traversing instance for ForgetM , but we deliberately don't, as we want that type-check failure to occur.
The profunctor approach is more elegant, as we don't need to rely on Pointed , the point is baked into affviewP formulation!
I think the AffTraversal can be useful in practice. There are situations where you know that there is at most one value, hidden inside your big structure. By using firstOf , we don't enforce that fact, but we could!
We can show that the definitions are equivalent. We start by specifying the constructors:
afftraversalVL :: (s -> Either t a) -> (s -> b -> t) -> AffTraversalVL s t a b afftraversalVL getter setter f s = case getter s of Left t -> point t Right a -> (\b -> setter s b) <$> f a afftraversalP :: (s -> Either t a) -> (s -> b -> t) -> AffTraversalP s t a b afftraversalP getter setter pab = dimap r l (first' (right' pab)) where r s = (getter s, setter s) l ( Left t, _) = t l ( Right b, g) = g b
Then to go from profunctor to van Laarhoven, we'll need a profunctor kiosk:
data Kiosk a b s t = Kiosk (s -> Either t a) (s -> b -> t) sellKiosk :: Kiosk a b a b sellKiosk = Kiosk Right (\_ -> id) instance Profunctor ( Kiosk u v) where dimap f g ( Kiosk getter setter) = Kiosk (\a -> first g $ getter (f a)) (\a v -> g (setter (f a) v)) instance Strong ( Kiosk u v) where first' ( Kiosk getter setter) = Kiosk (\(a, c) -> first (,c) $ getter a) (\(a, c) v -> (setter a v, c)) instance Choice ( Kiosk u v) where right' ( Kiosk getter setter) = Kiosk (\eca -> assoc (second getter eca)) (\eca v -> second ( `setter` v) eca) where assoc :: Either a ( Either b c) -> Either ( Either a b) c assoc ( Left a) = Left ( Left a) assoc ( Right ( Left b)) = Left ( Right b) assoc ( Right ( Right c)) = Right c
Then conversion is simple, as Kiosk characterizes affine traversal, we can run the profunctor optic to get getters and setters, which in turn are used to construct van Laarhoven variant:
toVL :: AffTraversalP s t a b -> AffTraversalVL s t a b toVL l = afftraversalVL getter setter where Kiosk getter setter = l sellKiosk
To go in other direction we need a functor kiask:
newtype Kiask a b t = Kiask { runKiask :: ( Either t a, b -> t) } sellKiask :: a -> Kiask a b b sellKiask a = Kiask ( Right a, id) instance Functor ( Kiask a b) where fmap f ( Kiask ( Left t, g)) = Kiask ( Left (f t), f . g) fmap f ( Kiask ( Right a, g)) = Kiask ( Right a, f . g) instance Pointed ( Kiask a b) where point x = Kiask ( Left x, const x)
And the conversion functions follows the same principle as previous one:
toP :: AffTraversalVL s t a b -> AffTraversalP s t a b toP l = afftraversalP (fst . b) (snd . b) where b s = runKiask $ l sellKiask s
And those seem to work!
λ > viewVL (toVL ex2) ( Right 42 , True ) :: Int 42 λ > viewVL (toVL ex2) ( Left 'a' , True ) :: Int 0 λ > viewP (toP ex1) ( Right 42 , True ) :: Int 42 λ > viewP (toP ex1) ( Left 'a' , True ) :: Int 0
The traversal in profunctor optics is defined using Traversing or Wander class:
class ( Choice p, Strong p) => Traversing p where traverse' :: Traversable f => p a b -> p (f a) (f b) traverse' = wander traverse wander :: (forall f . Applicative f => (a -> f b) -> s -> f t) -> p a b -> p s t
It's trivial to define Wander1 for non-empty traversals: replace Applicative with Apply and postfix 1 to the symbol names:
class ( Choice p, Strong p) => Traversing1 p where traverse1' :: Traversable1 f => p a b -> p (f a) (f b) traverse1' = wander1 traverse1 wander1 :: (forall f . Apply f => (a -> f b) -> s -> f t) -> p a b -> p s t
So let's go for affine traversal as well:
class ( Choice p, Strong p) => AffTraversing p where affwander :: (forall f . ( Functor f, Pointed f) => (a -> f b) -> s -> f t) -> p a b -> p s t afftraverse' :: AffTraversable f => p a b -> p (f a) (f b) afftraverse' = affwander afftraverse
where AffTraversable has obvious definition, and Maybe is a canonical instance:
class Functor t => AffTraversable t where afftraverse :: ( Functor f, Pointed f) => (a -> f b) -> t a -> f (t b) instance AffTraversable Maybe where afftraverse _ Nothing = point Nothing afftraverse f ( Just x) = Just <$> f x
Using the conversion functions from the previous section, we can show that
type X s t a b = forall p . ( Strong p, Choice p) => p a b -> p s t type Y s t a b = forall p . ( AffTraversing p) => p a b -> p s t
are isomorphic! It's 10 at the morning, so I don't try to conclude from that AffTraversing p is equivalent to (Strong p, Choice p) , but they are close. And what that means to the Default & Pointed story?
Class Functor Container Example Cat Default Pointed AffTraversable Maybe ? Semigroup Apply Traversable1 NonEmpty Semigroupoid Monoid Applicative Traversable [] Category
#Lens with Maybe
AffTraversal isn't equaivalent to Lens s t (Maybe a) (Maybe b) as the latter let you remove values from the structure (e.g. at ).
The Lens s t (Maybe a) b is closer:
ex3 :: LensVL ( Either c a, d) ( Either c b, d) ( Maybe a) b ex3 = lensVL getter setter where getter ( Right a, _) = Just a getter (_, _) = Nothing setter ( Right _, d) b = ( Right b, d) setter ( Left x, d) b = ( Left x, d)
but doesn't seem practical (and needs differently specified lens laws!)
Simple van Laarhoven optics:
lensVL :: (s -> a) -> (s -> b -> t) -> LensVL s t a b lensVL sa sbt afb s = sbt s <$> afb (sa s) _1 :: LensVL (a, c) (b, c) a b _1 f (a, c) = flip (,) c <$> f a _Right :: PrismVL' ( Either c a) ( Either c b) a b _Right = prismVL' Right $ \e -> case e of Left c -> Left ( Left c) Right a -> Right a
#Forgotten instances
instance Profunctor ( ForgetD r) where dimap f _ ( ForgetD k) = ForgetD (k . f) instance Strong ( ForgetD r) where first' ( ForgetD k) = ForgetD (k . fst) -- | 'Default', not 'Monoid' instance Default r => Choice ( ForgetD r) where left' ( ForgetD k) = ForgetD (either k (const def)) instance ( Default r, Monoid r) => Traversing ( ForgetD r) where wander f ( ForgetD k) = ForgetD $ \s -> getConst (f ( Const . k) s) instance Profunctor ( ForgetM r) where dimap f _ ( ForgetM k) = ForgetM (k . f) instance Strong ( ForgetM r) where first' ( ForgetM k) = ForgetM (k . fst) instance Choice ( ForgetM r) where left' ( ForgetM k) = ForgetM (either k (const Nothing ))
See discussion in r/haskell
You can run this file with
stack --resolver=nightly-2017-03-01 ghci --ghci-options='-pgmL markdown-unlit' λ > : l affine - traversal . lhs
fetch the source from https://gist.github.com/phadej/0280d0748c7f3205daf7de07cc4dd7d0
Using South for schema and data migrations in Django
How to keep you database up to date with model changes in your app
South is a schema and data migrations for Django. In an easy way you may update your database tables after you change your models. It also keeps all migrations in the codebase allowing to migrate backward if needed. In this article I'll show some standard South usage cases.
pip install South
python manage.py schemamigration APPLICATION_NAME --initial
python manage.py migrate APPLICATION_NAME
from django.db import models class MyModel ( models . Model ): name = models . CharField ( max_length = 100 )
class MyModel ( models . Model ): name = models . CharField ( max_length = 100 ) description = models . TextField ( blank = True )
python manage.py schemamigration APPLICATION_NAME --auto
In this example south will do everything on its own and we can just execute the migration.
Now lets try a field that can't be empty:
class MyModel ( models . Model ): name = models . CharField ( max_length = 100 ) description = models . TextField ( blank = True ) number = models . IntegerField ()
? The field 'MyModel.number' does not have a default specified, yet is NOT NULL. ? Since you are adding this field, you MUST specify a default ? value to use for existing rows. Would you like to: ? 1. Quit now, and add a default to the field in models.py ? 2. Specify a one-off value to use for existing columns now
You can choose 1 and quit (and then for example add default to the field) or use 2 and provide a default value for the migration (value used only for entries existing at the time of migration).
slug = models . SlugField ( unique = True )
slug = models . SlugField ( unique = True , null = True )
The plan is simple - we create such column (migration), then we do a data migration (we make unique values for the existing entries) and in the end we remove the null with another schema migration.
python manage.py datamigration APPLICATION_NAME MIGRATION_NAME
# -*- coding: utf-8 -*- import datetime from south.db import db from south.v2 import DataMigration from django.db import models class Migration ( DataMigration ): def forwards ( self , orm ): # Note: Remember to use orm['appname.ModelName'] rather than "from appname.models..." def backwards ( self , orm ): "Write your backwards methods here."
The forwards method is used to make the migration. backwards are used to do a backward migration (if it's something complex/non reversible you can disable it). The key element is to write the migration.
def forwards ( self , orm ): # Note: Remember to use orm['appname.ModelName'] rather than "from appname.models..." for i in orm [ 'first_app.MyModel' ] . objects . all (): i . slug = i . id i . save ()
python manage.py migrate APPLICATION_NAME NUMER
python manage.py migrate first_app 0005
python manage.py migrate APPLICATION_NAME zero
In some cases when you have migrations covering model/database relations there may be a problem with the order in which migrations are executed. The migration with the relation may try to execute before the related table will be created by another migration. To apply correct order we can use "depends_on" in the migration class:
depends_on = ( ( "APPLICATION_NAME" , "NAZWA_MIGRACJI" ), )
Such problems may show up during tests or build processes where everything is created from scratch.
Meanwhile at the State Department, reports about poor morale have abounded since Tillerson assumed his position in February. The secretary was described as aloof, his plans to reorganize the State Department were criticized, and the Trump administration's proposal to cut the department's budget by 30 percent was met with horror. A hiring freeze at the department, combined with the fact that most of the senior positions requiring Senate confirmation are still vacant, have also resulted in multiple news reports about dysfunction. Added to all this is the perception that Trump doesn't care about the work the State Department is doing. The president has not only appeared to contradict Tillerson publicly on Qatar, NATO, and Iran—besides North Korea—he has also appeared to suggest that his “America First” message is not simpatico with multilateral cooperation with America's traditional allies. At one point, he thanked Russia for its expulsion of U.S. diplomats in retaliation for a similar step by the Obama administration, as well as its seizure of Russian compounds in the U.S., because, in Trump's words, “we're trying to cut down our payroll.”
Another State Department official I spoke to, who was similarly not authorized to speak to the press and so spoke anonymously, said early reports of Tillerson's positive dynamic with Trump had given people in the department hope that “Trump would learn from Tillerson what diplomats do—build alliances so that America does not have to act alone against countries like North Korea.”
“But,” the official added, “Trump does not seem to care about alliances and therefore does not care about diplomacy. That was obvious from his budget, obvious from his disparaging comments toward diplomats serving in Russia, and obvious from the stiff arm he has given Tillerson on North Korea.”
Eliot Cohen, who was a counselor at the State Department from 2007 to 2009, wrote Monday in The Atlantic that Tillerson should resign following Trump's tweets. The “humiliation of one more senior staff or cabinet member may not seem like a big deal. But it is,” Cohen wrote, adding: “His boss has publicly and mockingly stripped him of his credibility as the chief diplomat of the United States. As an envoy, he is useless, because he will speak only for himself and the tiny embattled coterie of aides that surround him. Having taken a pickaxe to the department entrusted to his care, his departure would do the battered State Department some good, as well as enabling him to salvage what remains of his dignity.”
Ambassador Laura Kennedy, who served at the State Department for four decades until 2015 under both Republican and Democratic administrations, told me that while she's critical of Tillerson's running of the State Department, she gives “Tillerson some real credit for sticking with” his North Korea diplomacy “stoically.” Kennedy said that it's not unusual for a president to disagree with his secretary of state—she cited the example of Colin Powell's tenure at the State Department during the administration of President George W. Bush—but said the manner of Trump's tweets could have long-term implications for U.S. diplomacy.
By Rumtumtummers
Reworking Poppy was a chance to tune up her biggest, baddest character elements while giving her completely new play patterns. We knew the hammer, her signature weapon, would be critical in solidifying her refreshed identity; like Jinx's rocket launcher, Nautilus' anchor, or Riven's sword, Poppy's hammer is an integral part of both her kit and her personality. We had to get it right for both to ring true.
In short, it was hammer time.
Small character; big impact
Poppy's original hammer and shield were designed to fit her small stature. “Before, Poppy had a Yordle hammer and a Yordle shield,” explains concept artist Gem Lim. “But we wanted to do more with it.” The team realized that by choosing one primary item for Poppy to wield and over-emphasizing it, they could create a champion with a silhouette and style different from any other champion in League. “Instead of equal attention for the hammer and shield, we toned the shield down and made the hammer ginormous,” says Gem. “What struck me the most about Poppy was this sense of disproportionate power. She's a small character who does big things. The hammer should communicate that.”
ChampUp played with several hammer designs while working on the Poppy update
Poppy's new champion-smasher wasn't custom-made to fit her; it's a regular-sized hammer she wields with incredible power. “The new hammer is more than a weapon,” Gem says. “Its humongous size contributes to her silhouette and her movement. No champion moves like her. When you see her swing that hammer, it's so different from Sion with his axe or Garen with his sword.” Senior narrative writer John O'Bryan adds, “It's almost like she puts all of herself into every swing.” The new hammer design contributed to Poppy's new ult and each of her re-tuned abilities.
When others run away, Poppy runs forward. She's indomitable.
Gem emphasizes the idea of a tiny character packing a big punch: “We want people to feel that crazy disproportionate power. Like, ‘Oh, look at the cute little—ouch!' It's over-the-top and unexpected.”
A hero's journey
Poppy's hammer is an important part of her personal journey. “A Hero's Calling,” which offers players a glimpse into Poppy's world, is centered on the hammer and what it means to her. O'Bryan elaborates, “Even she doesn't think it's hers. She thinks it's a tool for someone else.” Scaling the hammer to make it a normal hammer size helps emphasize the idea that Poppy doesn't necessarily believe the hammer is hers to wield, that somewhere in the world is a hero meant to carry it. The hammer existed long before Poppy took possession of it.
Poppy's hammer has hints of Demacia and a human-sized scale
Though she's been carrying the hammer for a long, long time, Poppy hasn't yet realized that she's what gives the hammer its strength. O'Bryan explains, “If you were to ask Poppy, she would probably think she's nothing special. Everything she's doing is because of this hammer she's carrying around. But really, it's all coming from her.” Players know one thing Poppy doesn't: The hammer is right where it needs to be.
The immovable object
Poppy's new weapon is meant to emphasize core elements of her personality. “She's purposeful,” says O'Bryan. “Nothing can stop her; if you knock her down, she's going to keep getting back up.” The team behind the Poppy update wanted to give a sense of solidity to Poppy, the idea that to get to Poppy's team, enemies have to go through her. “When others run away, Poppy runs forward,” says Gem. “She's indomitable.”
The hammer is a symbol of Poppy's strength, her unflinching dedication to her task, and her world view. “Poppy doesn't think of herself as a small character,” O'Bryan says, “because she really isn't.” Gem says, “She's the pebble you thought you could kick, but couldn't. There's no one like her.”
Even as the world has come to rely on Chinese products, Australian goods have become hot commodities in China, and tens of thousands of young Chinese who are students at Australian universities or recent graduates have built a cottage industry to meet that demand.
The thriving trade — fueled by Chinese anxiety over counterfeit goods and product safety at home — reflects the growing economic interdependence between China and Australia, with all the opportunities and challenges that come with closer ties between a wealthier nation of 24 million people and a rising regional power of more than 1.3 billion. China is now Australia's biggest trading partner, and Chinese investment in Australia set a record last year.
The students, who call themselves daigou, or purchasing agents, are highly attuned to Chinese tastes and move quickly, sometimes creating spikes in demand in Australia and clearing out stores of specific products before shopkeepers know what hit them. Some analysts estimate that daigou sent as much as $600 million in Australian products to China last year.
But their success has also drawn scrutiny, with officials in both China and Australia examining whether they are paying required taxes and complying with other regulations.
The business is in many ways a byproduct of China's huge interest in a different kind of Australian product: international education, considered one of the nation's top exports, worth $15 billion a year. Nearly a third of the 450,000 foreign students in Australia are from China, and the figure is growing.
The Great Divide is a series about inequality.
The last few weeks have brought an unusual convergence of voices from both the center and the left about a topic that is typically part of conservative rhetorical territory: poverty and single-parent families. Just as some conservatives have started talking seriously about rising inequality and stagnant incomes, some liberals have finally begun to admit that our stubbornly high rates of poverty and social and economic immobility are closely entwined with the rise of single motherhood.
Photo
But that's where agreement ends. Consistent with its belief in self-sufficiency, the right wants to see more married-couple families. For the left, widespread single motherhood is a fact of modern life that has to be met with vigorously expanded government support. Liberals point out, correctly, that poverty rates for single-parent households are lower in most other advanced economies, where the welfare state is more generous.
That argument ignores a troubling truth: Single-parent families are not the same in the United States as elsewhere. Simply put, unmarried parents here are more likely to enter into parenthood in ways guaranteed to create turmoil in their children's lives. The typical American single mother is younger than her counterpart in other developed nations. She is also more likely to live in a community where single motherhood is the norm rather than an alternative life choice.
The sociologist Kathryn Edin has shown that unlike their more educated peers, these younger, low-income women tend to stop using contraception several weeks or months after starting a sexual relationship. The pregnancy — not lasting affection and mutual decision-making — that often follows is the impetus for announcing that they are a couple. Unsurprisingly, by the time the thrill of sleepless nights and colicky days has worn off, two relative strangers who have drifted into becoming parents together notice they're just not that into each other. Hence, the high breakup rates among low-income couples: Only a third of unmarried parents are still together by the time their children reach age 5.
Also complicating low-income single parenthood in America is what the experts call “multipartner fertility.” Both divorced and never-married Americans are more likely to repartner and start “second families” than Europeans, but the trend is far more common among unmarried parents. According to data from the Fragile Families and Child Wellbeing Study at Princeton and Columbia Universities, over 60 percent of low-income babies will have at least one half sibling when they are born; by the time they are 5, the proportion will have climbed to over 70 percent.
All of this would be of merely passing interest if it weren't for the evidence that this kind of domestic churn is really bad news for kids. The more “transitions” experienced by a child — the arrival of a stepparent, a parental boyfriend or girlfriend, or a step- or half sibling — the more children are likely to have either emotional or academic problems, or both. (My own research indicates that boys, especially, suffer from these transitions.)
Part of the problem is that a nonresident father tends to fade out of his children's lives if there's a new man in his ex's house or if he has children with a new partner. For logistical, emotional and financial reasons, his loyalty to his previous children slackens once he has a child with a new girlfriend or wife. Nor is it likely, from the overlooked child's point of view, that a mother's new boyfriend or husband can fill the gap. There's substantial research showing that stepfathers are sometimes worse than none at all.
These realities help explain the meager results of government marriage promotion programs. It doesn't make much sense to encourage, much less pressure, a couple with no shared history, interests or deep affection to marry. At any rate, given the prevalence of multipartner fertility it's not clear, as one scholar asked in a paper, “who should marry whom.”
But those same realities raise serious doubts about the accept-and-prop-up response to single-parent families. Increasing government largess could actually incentivize, or at least enable, parental choices that everyone admits are damaging to kids. The United States aside, scholars have found a connection between the size of a welfare state and rates of both nonmarital births and divorce. Even if you believe that enlarging the infrastructure of support for single-parent families shows compassion for today's children, it's not at all obvious that it shows much concern for tomorrow's.
Most surprising, given the likely feminist sympathies of liberal advocates for single mothers, is their fatalism toward men. While it's a safe bet that most in this camp wouldn't hesitate to scold married “bastards on the couch” for not pulling their weight at home, they seem more than willing to write off unmarried fathers. Not only does this merely accept the personal loss suffered by millions of children living without their fathers; it also virtually guarantees a permanent gender gap — single mothers are inevitably competing in the labor market with one hand tied behind their backs — and entrenched inequality.
So where does that leave us, policy-wise? Liberal critics of marriage promotion are probably correct that there are only limited steps government can take to change the way low-income couples meet and mate. But that doesn't mean the status quo is the way things have to be. Not so long ago, the rise of teenage motherhood seemed unstoppable. Instead, over the past two decades adolescent births have declined to record lows. Researchers believe the decline was caused by a combination of better contraceptive use and delayed sexual activity. Both were grounded in a growing consensus — including by the policymakers, educators, the public and teenagers themselves — that having a baby when you are 16 is just a really bad idea.
It's not impossible that Americans could reach a similarly robust consensus about having children outside of a committed relationship, which in the United States, at least, tends to mean marriage. But despite the growing list of center-left writers willing to admit that single motherhood is complicit in our high levels of poverty and inequality, that consensus still seems a long way off.
Kay S. Hymowitz, a senior fellow at the Manhattan Institute and a contributing editor at City Journal, is the author of “Marriage and Caste in America: Separate and Unequal Families in a Post-Marital Age.”
Why do politicians try so hard to eat like voters?
Image copyright PA
David Cameron has been photographed eating dinner at a Nando's in Bristol. It follows long line of gastronomic attempts by politicians to connect with the electorate, writes Harry Low.
The prime minister became the latest politician to eat in public when he tucked in to half a chicken, chips, coleslaw and red wine at the Portuguese eatery.
Last year Chancellor George Osborne tweeted a picture of himself munching a burger as he added the finishing touches to his spending review.
He was later derided after it emerged the snack cost £10 and was from restaurant chain Byron rather than a cheaper takeaway ("Well, McDonald's doesn't deliver," Osborne said at the time).
The opposition are just as keen to use food for political gain. Labour leader Ed Miliband and Ed Balls, the shadow chancellor, visited a branch of Greggs with cameras in tow in protest at the decision - later reversed - to apply VAT on the cost of pasties and sausage rolls.
Eating in public is also contentious in the US, too. New York Mayor Bill de Blasio was lampooned by the American media in January for eating pizza with a knife and fork rather than with his hands.
Image copyright George Osborne
John Street, professor of politics at the University of East Anglia, believes the prime minister's choice of restaurant was quite deliberate.
"It is one of the ways politicians try to illustrate that they are just like the rest of us" he says.
"It clearly is indicative of wanting to appear in a sense like the ordinary citizen because presumably David Cameron can afford to eat in places more upmarket than Nando's.
"If he was entertaining Angela Merkel, he wouldn't take her to Nando's."
Although, as Street points out, the prime minister did take Francois Holland for a pub lunch in January.
"This raises another question about the role of food. On the one hand, it is used for proving a politician's street credentials and on the other to impress during international relations."
Cameron's efforts to gain credibility with voters mark a shift away from the methods of previous prime ministers.
"Tony Blair's technique to show that he was both one of us and quite cool was to pick up a guitar or head a football with Kevin Keegan.
"This is something rather different," Street adds.
Follow @BBCNewsMagazine on Twitter and on Facebook
Image copyright caters news agency
Image copyright PA
Don't ask me why, but last night I watched a bit of the CNN ‘Town Hall' with Nancy Pelosi (a ratings coup, I'm sure).
At one point, Laura Wilkerson, a Texas mother whose son Josh was “tortured, tied up like and animal, and killed” by an illegal alien, asks a 2-part question. The 2nd part of her question was gut-wrenching:
If you need to go home tonight and line up your babies, as you say, and your grandbabies, which one of them could you look in their eyes today and tell them that they're expendable, for another foreign person to have a nicer life? [To] which one would you like to say ‘You, my child, are expendable, for someone else to come over here, and not follow the law, and have a nicer life”?
CNN, the standard bearers when it comes to fake news, naturally edited out the most powerful part of the woman's question.
Here is unedited footage, with her gut-wrenching 2nd question:
… and here is CNN's edited version:
Friday
Y Friday Movie Night presents Brave – PG / 7:30PM / The Y presents its first movie night at Central Park in downtown Naperville. Spend some quality free time with your family this summer. Bring your friends, picnic dinner, blanket and bug spray for an evening under the stars.
Live Music at CityGate Grille / 8:30 – 11:30PM / Jive away your evening with live music at CityGate Grille. Paris Swing to perform lively acoustic cocktail music for dinner and dance. CityGate Grille is located in the Calamos Investments building at CityGate Centre, I88 and Rt. 59. For dinner reservations call (630) 718-1010 or visit www.citygategrille.com.
Saturday
AAUW Naperville Area Used Book Drive / 9AM – noon / Clean out those books shelves and make a difference. AAUW Naperville Area Used Book Drive June 1. Bring your extra books but please no encyclopedias, Reader's Digest Condensed Books, VHS tapes or magazines. We will unload your car quickly and give you a tax receipt. All proceeds go to AAUW scholarships, fellowships and other programs empowering women and girls. Books may also be dropped off during business hours at the Dist. 203 Admin. Bldg. or the Dist. 204 Admin. Bldg. 780 Shoreline Drive, Aurora.
Casey's Fires up the Grill / 10AM – 2PM / Casey's Foods will begin firing up its grill every Saturday and Sunday through October at Naperville Plaza, Gartner and Washington. Purchase reliable stand-bys — burgers, brats, steak and chicken tacos, etc. — and enjoy grilled specials every weekend throughout the summer and fall. Picnic tables provide seating undercover, too.
A Celebration of Craft Beer / 6 – 9:30PM / Calling all beer enthusiasts, beginners and hard core geeks – get a “hop” on summer with this unique Liquid History program that will be held from 6:30-9:30PM Saturday, June 1. Stroll the museum grounds munching appetizers and tasting craft beers from many exceptional breweries. Guests will learn about each specialty beer and the story of the breweries directly from brewery representatives; plus the history of Naperville's Stenger Brewery. Guests must be 21 years of age or older. Purchasing tickets in advance is recommended as limited tickets will be available at the door. VIP tickets are $60/person, designated driver $35, and include early entry to event (from 6-6:30PM), and a gift pack with two brewery glasses and a t-shirt to take home (VIP tickets available only through May 20). Tickets are available on-line at napersettlement.com. Advance tickets are $40/person,$25/designated driver; tickets at the door are $50/person, $25/designated driver; and For more information, call (630) 420-6010. Naper Settlement is located at 523 S. Webster St.
12th Annual Jeanine Nicarico Memorial Fund for Literacy G.L.O.W 5K Run/Walk for Reading / 8PM / First-ever G.L.O.W. 5K in Naperville will begin at 5th Avenue Station, wind down Plank Road and back where a Post 5K party will take place with food and beverages provided by local sponsors – Café Buonaro's, Belgio's Catering and Hugo's Frog Bar and Fish House. Entertainment will be provided by the band Tres Moustache! The 5K family run/walk will continue to support the community's commitment to literacy, fitness and family. Advance registration is strongly encouraged for this popular event at www.naperglow5k.com. The pre-registered general entry fee is $30 per person for adults and children; for pre-registered CARA members, the entry fee is $28. Race day registration entry fee is $35 per person for adults and children; for CARA members, the race day entry fee is $33. At the end of the race, participants are invited to stay for the post-5K party including awards, refreshments and live music in Fifth Avenue Station.
Sunday
7th Annual Naperville Park District Frontier Kite Fly Festival / 10AM – 4PM / Free family-friendly event offers fun for all ages at Frontier Sports Complex
A sure sign of summer is the sight of a colorful kite flying in the breeze against a blue sky. What better place in which to fly a kite than Naperville's Frontier Sports Complex with plenty of open space and steady winds?
Attendees can participate in learn-to-fly lessons from Chicago Kite, join in on the fun family flying and single-line flying, or just enjoy the amazing stunts and demonstrations of kites of all sizes, up to 90 feet in length. And, as in last year's event, candy drops will occur throughout the day.
An entertainment stage will feature a performance by the Naperville Park District's Élan Dance Company and musical shows by School of Rock, the Neuqua Valley High School Steel Band, and singer/guitarist Andrew Huber. The entertainment schedule is as follows:
10:30AM Elan Dance Company
11:15AM Andrew Huber
12:30PM School of Rock
1:45PM NVHS Steel Band
Children can enjoy unlimited play in the inflatable area for $5.
Frontier Sports Complex is located at 3380 Cedar Glade Drive, behind Neuqua Valley High School, just south of 95th Street.
German Church Service / 11:30AM / Church services in the German language will be held at St. John United Church of Christ, 1190 Olesen Dr., in Naperville at 11:30AM on Sunday, June 2. The service will be led by Eric Krasny, and all are welcome to attend. St. John UCC is located at 1190 Olesen Drive. Services in the German language are held on the first Sunday of each month and will continue on July 7 and August 4. For more information call (630) 355-5208.
Devil's Canyon and Intel Z97 compatibility is turning into quite the soap opera. We have just received photos from our colleagues at Hermitage Akihabara which confirm that Intel Devil's Canyon will not be supported on 8 Series Chipsets and Z87. Only the Pentium 20th Anniversary Unlocked Processors will work with both chipsets. That is, unless the motherboard manufacturers have something to say about it.
Intel's Devil's Canyon 4th Gen Unlocked Processors will Not Work on 8 Series – Could Motherboard Manufacturers Save the Day?
Now we did a story a few days back about how some motherboard manufacturers are thinking rebellion. It would appear that the recent z97 embargo break might have set an unwanted precedent (atleast for Intel); meaning that no one cares about Intel's commandments anymore. While I am all for anarchy and chaos, this does not bode well for Intel. Before we go ahead, I am sure you will want to see the proof for yourself. Here are the pictures, soon to be displayed at Intel's Computex Booth, courtesy of our Japanese friends:
Now I don't know about you folks, but thats pretty solid evidence against the z87 argument. I think its safe to say that Devil's Canyon, Intel's Unlocked 4th Generation Processors are not going to work with Z87 at launch. The good news is that since there is no architectural difference, and the incompatibility exists at the software level and artificially introduced; so it should be easy for motherboard manufacturers to roll out a new bio that grants 4th Gen, K series compatibility. So yes, it is very much possible for motherboard manufacturers to do that, but the question is, will they? It is crystal clear that Intel does not want the Devil's Canyon processors mixing with 8 Series motherboards, but in the case of a breach, just what exactly is Intel prepared to do? A few days back saw ASUS breaking the Z97 Embargo and nearly everyone following suite, basically screwing Intel's NDA to heck. The repercussions? none. So with this feeling of a soap opera unfolding infront of my eyes, I anxiously await Intel's reveal at Computex this year, who knows maybe it will surprise us.
To all those who asked me, it would appear that #Intel‘s Devils Canyon wont work with Z87; unlocked Pentium will. http://t.co/nia1dCt08s — Usman Pirzada (@usmanpirzada) June 1, 2014
A video game designer plays with a new video game. Kiyoshi Ota/Getty Images United States is not the manufacturing powerhouse that it once was, but video games are one thing that Americans make that people all over the world still buy.
This week, Georgia Gov. Nathan Deal (R) signed a bill into law that will provide $25 million in tax breaks to game developers in an effort to encourage economic development in the southern state.
The law, previously known as House Bill 958, passed the Georgia state House and Senate earlier this year.
It also includes a number of other tax-related legislation including sales-tax holidays and exemptions from sales taxes for qualifying food banks. Georgia-based developers that may benefit from the law include Cartoon Network Games, Red Orchestra developer Tripwire Interactive, and Smite developer Hi-Rez Studios.
To take advantage of the tax incentives, developers will have to maintain offices within Georgia. Studios must have a total payroll that amounts to more than $500,000 for in-state employees and gross no more than $100 million in taxable income.
Georgia's Department of Economic Development must also approve that any developer attempting to claim the credit is primarily in the interactive-entertainment business.
This will enable qualifying developers in Georgia to deduct a significant portion of the taxes they may owe to the state. Studios would still have to pay their full federal taxes to the Internal Revenue Service, and employees would have to pay both federal and state income tax on their earnings.
This is the second time that Deal has signed a bill into law that benefits the state's game-development industry. In 2012, Georgia passed House Bill 1027 that let studios keep up to 30 percent of their state taxes due in credits.
"Since the adoption of the current tax incentive program, the economic impact of the entertainment industry has increased more than 1,000 percent," Deal said at that time. "This 30 percent tax credit is essential to the continued growth of the industry, and I will fight to make sure it stays in place for as long as I am governor."
Remember the whole ‘repeal and replace' mantra pushed by the GOP leadership in its effort to undo Obamacare?
While the ‘repeal' may still appeal— the plan to ‘replace' is running into some serious trouble as ultra-conservatives vociferously object to the House leadership's desire to give the public what Speaker John Boehner knows the public wants.
Politico is reporting that the leak of a series of emails posted on a private Google email group—going by the name “the Repeal Coalition”—reveals that the hard righties are furious over Boehner's efforts to craft a replacement plan should the Affordable Care Act be wiped out by the Supreme Court or be successfully repealed in 2013.
The problem is that the GOP House leadership plan would include some of the most popular elements of Obamacare.
The email group, comprised of people both inside and outside of government including congressional staff members, conservative think-tankers and writers, brings to light the strong objections to providing the public with any needed help in dealing with their health care on the part of those who not only wish to see Obamacare relegated to the dustbin of history but also want to see some of the real benefits of the ACA-—benefits that are already making a serious and positive difference in the lives of millions of Americans— evaporate in favor of protecting private insurance balance sheets.
At issue appears to be the GOP leadership's intent to continue certain policies created in Obamacare, including allowing children to stay on their parents' health insurance until they turn 26, keeping the Medicare ‘donut hole' closed—thus avoiding a return to the days when seniors had to pay large, out-of-pocket bills for pharmaceuticals while they are inside the ‘donut' period—and requiring private health insurers to make policies available to those with pre-existing conditions.
Among those in the revolt against the GOP congressional insiders, as revealed by the leaked emails, is Forbes columnist, Avik Roy, who complained that forcing private insurance companies to insure those with pre-existing medical conditions “would destroy the private insurance market.” Roy also stressed that going back to the donut hole gap—which put millions of seniors in a position of having to make choices between necessities like rent, food or paying for their prescription drugs—has “actuarial importance in preventing wasteful drug spending.”
Seniors—who is a prior to the changes made by the ACA were often forced to self-ration their medications during the donut hole period— might view their inability to pay for their pharmaceuticals as something other than a useful cap on their wasteful spending, as would those who measure the even greater costs to the health care system when seniors who are unable to pay for their prescriptions end up hospitalized due to not taking full doses—or any doses—of required medications.
To more fully grasp the tone of the disagreement, here is a snippet from the email chain, as reported by Politico-
Wesley Denton, an aide to Sen. Jim DeMint (R-S.C.), questioned whether the “GOP now against full repeal?” “Should we change the name of this [listserv] to ‘partialrepealcoalition' or ‘someofobamacareisprettygood'?” Denton wrote to the group.
This behind the scenes, inter-party sniping makes two points crystal clear—
First—it's awfully easy to take shots at Obamacare, promise to repeal it and pretend that people don't like the reform until you actually try and take it away from them; and
Second—it sucks to be John Boehner.
While Speaker Boehner is obviously under real pressure from his right flank, he continues to pretend that all is well as indicated by the statement issued on Thursday by the Speaker—
The only way to change this is by repealing ObamaCare in its entirety. We voted to fully repeal the president's health care law as one of our first acts as a new House majority, and our plan remains to repeal the law in its entirety. Anything short of that is unacceptable.
Clearly, anything other than a full repeal of all provisions of the law is unacceptable to the far right. But wait until the Speaker gets a load of just how unacceptable such a full repeal will be to the American people should they have to find out exactly what they've lost if Obamacare goes away.
That reaction will make this Republican versus Republican squabble look like a pleasant Sunday in the park.
contact Rick at thepolicypage@gmail.com
Twitter @rickungar
Justin K. Aller/Getty Images
The Cleveland Browns made a smart choice by hiring Norv Turner as offensive coordinator, confirmed today by NFL.com's Gregg Rosenthal. Turner will change the Browns offense to a vertical attack that could get more from the trio of Brandon Weeden, Trent Richardson and Josh Gordon.
A key tenant to Turner's system is the vertical passing game. As a disciple of the "Air Coryell" offense, Turner's fondness for stretching the field, could be a major boon for Weeden.
The first-year quarterback often struggled in the high-percentage version of the West Coast offense favoured by ex-head coach Pat Shurmur. Part of the problem was that the Browns were forcing a polished, timing-based system on a relatively raw quarterback.
The West Coast passing game commonly calls for shorter, quicker pass drops. Quarterbacks who practice it must display excellent footwork. These mechanics must be combined with precise, touch passing into the underneath zones.
Weeden's short game never really developed and as a result, Shurmur's schemes quickly became stagnant. What Weeden often did succeed at was stretching a defense deep, particularly to youngster Josh Gordon. The former Baylor ace has already developed a niche as a feared deep threat.
That's an attribute Turner won't be shy about using. With the Chargers, he routinely had Philip Rivers fire vertical strikes to the likes of Vincent Jackson and then later Malcom Floyd. Gordon and the inconsistent, but talented Greg Little, give Turner two big speedsters to build his deep passing game around.
He'll also rely on altering Weeden's mechanics to include deeper pass drops. It won't be uncommon to see Browns' quarterbacks utilising plenty of five and seven-step drops next season.
Turner's fondness for flooding the field with vertical routes also opens up the intermediate zones for the tight end. Think about how Antonio Gates has exploited the middle for years with the Chargers. A more dated example would be Jay Novacek working the underneath for the Dallas Cowboys in the early-90's.
Turner's predilection for using tight ends this way could make the position a priority in free agency or the draft. Benjamin Watson is starting to slow and Alex Smith has never reached his potential.
Jordan Cameron is the closest to a Turner-type tight end currently on the roster. What the Browns need is an explosive player, with the angular frame to be used both in-line and from the slot.
Turner's hiring is also excellent news for Trent Richardson. He can expect to be featured in more of a north-south style running game. Turner usually relies on zone blocking, but tends to trust bigger linemen to execute it.
Unlike zone-running teams like the Houston Texans and Washington Redskins, Turner is not relying on stretch runs and cutback plays. His ground attacks are usually built on interior counters, run behind mobile power that wins at the line and then overwhelms in the open field.
With Joe Thomas and Alex Mack already in the fold and a young rotation, Tuner has the makings of such a line. That should encourage a bigger workload for Richardson.
There were times this season when it was easy to bemoan the lack of carries given to 2012's third overall pick. Given how Turner featured the likes of Emmitt Smith, LaDanian Tomlinson and Ryan Mathews, Richardson should get the ball more often in 2013.
Turner's head coaching struggles will make some feel nervous. However, landing him as offensive coordinator is something of a coup for the Browns. He gives the Browns a proven play-caller, with a scheme that has yielded positive results at multiple stops in the NFL.
Turner has also worked with new head coach Rob Chudzinski in the past, when the pair were in San Diego. His scheme fits the style of offense Chudzinski has favoured as an assistant.
Chudzinski's best Carolina Panthers offense would attack deep to Steve Smith, work underneath to Greg Olsen and rely on a powerful rushing attack. The two play-callers fit perfectly.
Turner has always struggled with the odd dichotomy of being a hesitant head coach, yet a bold coordinator. As a play-caller his best attribute is trusting his skill players by implementing a simple formula for their success.
In Dallas, that formula involved Michael Irvin working the outside, Novacek the underneath and Alvin Harper going deep. That was the aerial complement to heavy doses of Smith on the ground.
In San Diego, it was Jackson stretching the field vertically, Gates dominating the underneath and Tomlinson producing on the ground.
The Browns have talent at the skill positions, particularly in Richardson and Gordon, to adopt a similar mode of attack. If Weeden remains the choice as quarterback, Turner could be the ideal coach to design a game more suited to what the 29-year-old does best.
A quick turnaround on offense is the only to ensure a recovery for the Browns as a whole. Turner could be the perfect choice for that turnaround.
Levy-Pounds elected president of Mpls. NAACP
Nekima Levy-Pounds, UST law professor Laura Yuen | MPR News
The Minneapolis chapter of the NAACP has a new president.
University of St. Thomas law professor Nekima Levy-Pounds ran unopposed in the election Saturday.
"I see this as an opportunity to rebirth the Minneapolis chapter of the NAACP," she said. "To bring some fresh energy to the group. To help revitalize the organization. To help mobilize the community and to engage stakeholders."
Levy-Pounds, who has a leadership role in Black Lives Matter Minneapolis, was among a slate of female candidates who won the positions up for election.
Despite the lack of challengers, she's not without detractors.
"What I do think is cool is that for the first time here, it looks like all the staff and the whole administration will be that of women," said community activist Jamar Nelson. "But I think that the wrong woman was chosen."
Nelson agreed with the chapter's departing president, Rev. Jerry McAfee, who told MPR News that Levy-Pounds has been too narrowly focused on police brutality, but she hasn't been a strong voice on other community issues, such as crime.
Levy-Pounds says she hopes she can engage youth in the Minneapolis NAACP and sees opportunities to bring Black Lives Matter and NAACP together to work on issues.
"We will be a force to be reckoned with in the Twin Cities and across the state in our fight for racial, social and economic justice," she said.
There's yet another Internet bug that threatens to make your private conversations public. The new enemy: "Poodle" attacks.
Google (GOOG) security researchers have discovered a weakness in a method for securing Internet communication. As it turns out, our Web browsers are susceptible to a cyberattack dubbed "Poodle" (Padding Oracle On Downgraded Legacy Encryption).
Woof.
Normally, your Web browser uses software to encrypt your conversations. New versions of that software make encryption more robust over time. But with the Poodle attack, a hacker can force your browser to downgrade to an old version (SSL 3.0), which is far less secure than today's SSL standard.
A browser using the 15-year old SSL 3.0 is vulnerable enough to let hackers spy on the data traveling to and from your computer. That means they could spy on your emails, banking or anything else.
Fortunately, this dog's bark is louder than its bite.
A hacker must control your computer network to attack with Poodle (unlikely). And Web browser patches are expected to disable this downshift to older security methods.
Related: Online ads are attacking you
That means this Internet bug isn't as bad as others discovered this year. The Heartbleed bug affected computers everywhere and was the reason in 4.5 million patient records were stolen from one of the country's largest hospital networks.
Then there's the recent Shellshock bug, which is so widespread that hackers are using it to set up botnets -- enslaving a fleet of computers to spread malware or attack websites.
Even if the Poodle attack is more difficult to exploit, it still means "more manual work for the enterprise security professionals," said Aviv Raff, cofounder of Seculert, which detects network breaches.
"If Hearbleed/Shellshock merited a 10, then this attack is only around a 5," said security expert Robert Graham on his blog.
CNNMoney is investigating recent hacks. Have you had money stolen from your bank account? Has someone stolen your identity? Share your story.
Microsoft Research's researchers are working on a number of different kinds of projects and they are also focusing on the ways to make our mobile device both more useful and more fun. Microsoft today confirmed that MSR will be presenting their latest research at MobiSys 2015, an annual conference on mobile systems, applications and services that is taking place this week in Florence, Italy.
They are presenting a research project related to WiFi Display or Miracast. MSR used three different techniques to reduce battery consumption on the Android phone they were testing by 29 to 61 percent while using Miracast. They also saw similar benefits when implementing most of these techniques on Windows phones. The solutions they developed also have implications for reducing battery consumption in other scenarios in which people are using wifi networks.
Other projects they are presenting are below,
Wearables Can Afford: Lightweight Indoor Positioning with Visible Light (2.7 MB .pdf): Microsoft researcher Jiansong Zhang collaborated with researchers from Hong Kong University and Wuhan University on a project called PIXEL, which improves visible light communication for wearable devices. MAdScope: Characterizing Mobile In-App Targeted Ads (2.2 MB .pdf): Senior Microsoft researcher Suman Nath used a new tool to show that many apps are not targeting ads as well as they could. Targeted ads are a key revenue generator for many app developers.
Source: Microsoft
HONG KONG — A Hong Kong bookseller whose disappearance in December provoked protests and concern over the state of media freedom here returned to this semiautonomous city from the Chinese mainland on Thursday, the Hong Kong police said.
The bookseller, Lee Bo, was one of five people associated with the company Mighty Current Media to have disappeared, only to emerge in mainland China, apparently in detention. The company published gossipy books on elite politics in China, and the detentions were seen by many in Hong Kong as an effort to clamp down on media voices critical of the Chinese Communist Party.
The case of Mr. Lee, also known as Lee Po, was particularly troubling to civil society advocates because he disappeared from the streets of Hong Kong, and it is still unclear how he crossed a border with Guangdong Province on the mainland. He is widely suspected of having been taken by mainland security officers, although he told the Hong Kong authorities that he had “returned to the mainland by his own means voluntarily and it was not an abduction,” the police said in a statement.
Fighter of the Year 2016?
What changed?
Just a few more fights
FloCombat's hottest content, delivered to your inbox
What a year it's been for the UFC middleweight champion Michael Bisping.Having defeated Anderson Silva in February in London, Bisping went on to defeat Luke Rockhold for the UFC title at UFC 199 in June, and then earlier this month he became the first man to successfully defend a UFC title in his own backyard in Manchester, England.Despite having what many would call a 'Fighter of the Year' worthy 2016, Bisping still has his critics and they largely come up from the four men just behind him who are currently vying for the next opportunity to face the Brit."People like to talk s***," Bisping told Alex Rea of Sport360 . "They can say whatever they want because at the end of the day I am the middleweight champion of the world. I have the most wins in UFC history, the most wins in middleweight history and in the history of any division I've landed the most strikes."Nearly every fight I've had has been a main event or a co-main event so I don't feel the need to sell myself. (Chris) Weidman can say it's embarrassing that I'm the champion, but I knocked out the guy [Rockhold] who dominated him. There are detractors, there always are, but I'm sitting here a very happy man. I love it, and I love that they're so annoyed. It puts a big smile on my face."Having been involved in many No. 1 contender eliminators over the past few years and always fallen at last hurdle, many would say Bisping's run this year was even more remarkable.When asked what he thought had changed, the current UFC middleweight champion pointed to a number of factors all coming together at the same time."Nothing's changed about me, but people can't take steroids these days, so that's certainly helped," Bisping said. "Of course, my boxing coach Jason Parillo has done a great job. Mentally, I'm much better, I'm more mature mentally these days, and I'm not as much of an emotional wreck as what I used to be."Obviously, fighting is a physical sport, but the mind controls everything the body does and if the mind is not right then you won't perform. Mentally, I'm at my peak."After speaking about his triumphant return to Manchester earlier this year and how much that meant to him, the former "The Ultimate Fighter" winner then spoke about retirement and hinted that it might now be too far off."It doesn't get any better than that for me really," Bisping said of his UFC 204 victory over Dan Henderson. "I was the first ever British champion to then defend it in England, in Manchester, just down the road from where I'm from with all my family there, my brothers, my sisters, my mum, and my dad, all my old childhood friends, sold out in six minutes, defending the belt in an epic fight...it doesn't get any better than that."I could retire now a very, very happy man. Financially, I'm going to take a few more fights, but I've certainly achieved way more than I thought I ever would do and I've achieved every goal I could set."Don't miss breaking news, feature stories, event updates, and more. Sign up for the FloCombat mailing list today.
Chennai: Refuting the Opposition's charge that the government has neglected the minorities, backward classes and minorities welfare minister S. Valarmathi informed the Assembly that about Rs 10.56 crore has been allotted in the Budget for minorities' welfare during this fiscal.
Contending that the allocation for the minorities welfare has been on the upward trend under late Chief Minister J. Jayalalithaa's rule, she said apart from allocating Rs 1 crore for renovating churches, the government has allotted Rs 3 crore for renovating Dargahs and mosques across the state.
Valarmathi was responding to Kadayanallur legislator Muhammed Abubacker who while participating in the debate in the Assembly House on Wednesday alleged that the government ignored the minorities and sought to know what the government had done for the minorities' welfare.
Supplementing his colleague, finance minister D. Jayakumar said the allotment was made based on recommendation of the minorities' commission. “The AIADMK government is more concerned than others in improving the lot of the minorities,” he stated.
Labour Minister Nilofer Kafeel reminded Abubacker that it was the present government that had revoked the previous DMK government's ban and permitted the Islamic students to write examinations in Urdu.
Admitting that the AIADMK government had, in just an hour's time relaxed the rules and granted permission for the Islamic students to write in Urdu, Abubacker said there were several other issues which merited immediate attention. He urged the government to enhance grants under MLA constituency development fund besides introducing free WiFi at legislators' offices.
I made my way down Varanasi's winding, narrow alleyways, bound by walls stained with the distinctive red marks of paan (a leaf often used to flavour chewing tobacco) spat out by hundreds of passers-by. I was headed to one of the city's oldest neighbourhoods, known as Godowlia Chowk, in search of the Kashi Vishwanath Thandai Ghar, a tiny street stall owned by Kamlesh Kumar Pathak. The stall is famous for one item, thandai.
The milk-based, mildly spiced Indian beverage comes in flavours like apple, mango and papaya. However, the most popular order at Pathak's stall, known as ‘special thandai', is made with a dash of freshly ground bhang, an intoxicant made from the leaves of the female cannabis plant.
Bhang has long been of cultural significance in India. In Hinduism, bhang takes on special meaning as the plant preferred by Shiva, the god of destruction, who was believed to have used bhang to focus inward and to harness his divine powers for the good of the world.
In the Atharva Veda, one of the four sacred texts of Hinduism, cannabis is named one of the five most sacred plants on Earth. The text also refers to it as a ‘source of happiness' and a ‘liberator'.
Although the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act of 1985 prohibits the production, sale and consumption of certain parts of the cannabis plant, the leaves are an exception. There are even government-approved bhang shops in towns like Jaisalmer and Pushkar, and more than 200 such shops – including Pathak's – exist year-round in Varanasi. The intoxicating ingredient has always been popular with India's Brahmin community, who were traditionally forbidden from imbibing inebriants like alcohol. In some especially religious parts of the country, including Varanasi, it is common to see babas and sadhus (holy men) consuming bhang directly or smoking it from a clay pipe known as a chillum.
Pathak's family has been serving bhang at the famous Kashi Vishwanath temple in Varanasi, dedicated to Shiva, for more than 150 years. Pathak sources the raw material each day from his local government-sanctioned shop. He soaks it in warm water, and then grinds it into a coarse paste with a flat mortar and pestle to get it ready for consumption.
“This is the traditional baba ka prasad presented at 3 am every day, during the Mangal Aarti,” he said, referring to the pious offering of a special thandai made to Shiva by devotees during the early-morning prayer ceremony.
Bhang also plays an important role in Hindu celebrations like Shivrati (known as the 'night of Shiva') and Holi (the festival of colours). During these times, the addition of bhang to a traditional thandai heightens the general sense of merriment on the streets. Pathak says he serves more customers than usual on festival days.
The first – and only – time I tried a special thandai had been during the Holi festival several years earlier. My experience started with an initial happy haze, followed by a paranoid funk that lasted for hours. As I observed a few of Pathak's regulars queue up for the intoxicating beverage, I marvelled at their ability to consume it regularly.
Although thandai is the most common base, bhang is also blended into lassi, a popular churned and sweetened yoghurt drink. Close to the Vishwanath temple is another local institution, the Blue Lassi Shop, featuring more than 80 variants of the beverage on its menu – and one unadvertised ‘special' available only to those who specifically ask for it.
Bhang is also mixed into savoury snacks like pakora (fried balls of chickpea flour) or into the chutneys and pickles that accompany other popular fried snacks like samosa and kachori. Many of the government-authorised shops also sell sweetened bhang in the form of laddoos, a traditional Indian dessert.
Additionally, bhang is believed to have medicinal properties when administered in moderate doses. One of Hinduism's best-known legends describes a plot by several gods and demons to churn the ocean to release a nectar of immortality. When Shiva intervened to drink up the halahala poison that also emerged during the churning, it turned his throat blue (earning him the name Neelkanth, or Blue-throated) and caused him great agony. Parvati offered him ground bhang to soothe the pain.
When the British established rule over India in the mid-1800s, they were initially astounded at such widespread use of bhang in the country; in the late 19th Century, they commissioned a study of the drug's effects and cultural significance.
“To forbid or even seriously restrict the use of so holy and gracious an herb as the hemp would cause widespread suffering and annoyance,” the report said. “It would rob people of solace in discomfort, of a cure in sickness, of a guardian whose gracious protection saves them from attacks of evil influences.”
To this day, bhang plays a significant role in Indian spirituality and culture. However, I have steered clear of it since that memorable morning during the Holi festival.
Join over three million BBC Travel fans by liking us on Facebook, or follow us on Twitter and Instagram.
If you liked this story, sign up for the weekly bbc.com features newsletter called "If You Only Read 6 Things This Week". A handpicked selection of stories from BBC Future, Earth, Culture, Capital, Travel and Autos, delivered to your inbox every Friday.
Florida Governor Rick Scott has done his best to prevent Democrats voting in the 2012 Presidential Election. First, Scott and his Republican legislature undertook a purge of Florida's voting lists that was so biased against minorities (who tend to vote Democratic) that the state was sued by the Department of Justice for violating the National Voter Registration Act. The purge was so overly aggressive that there are now reports of multiple military personnel being disenfranchised by the State of Florida for the 2012 election. In addition, Scott and his Republican co-conspirators in the legislature dramatically cut back on early voting hours in Florida.
Marc Caputo of the Miami Herald has been following voting issues in Florida closely. He has posted the results for how many Floridians voted early this year, as seen in the table here.
Note that Democrats had a very much larger turnout than Republicans for early voting but Republicans had the advantage in absentee voting.
Caputo noted that the changed law for 2012 cut early voting hours back from 14 days to 8 days. However, Floridians responded to the cutback by turning out in almost as big numbers and despite waits of 8 hours or more at some locations, there were 2.4 million early votes this year compared to 2.6 million in 2008.
One of Caputo's most important observations about the changes in Florida's voting laws concerns the relative treatment of early voting and absentee voting:
Guess which type of voting Republicans specialize in? Absentee ballots. Democrats do better at in-person early voting. Though more fraud-prone, absentee ballot voting wasn't touched in the election law Scott signed that shortened early voting days.
What? Fraud in a type of voting Republicans prefer? Yes, there are major vote fraud cases of absentee ballot fraud going on from the very northern part of the state in Madison County to the south in Miami-Dade County. But of course, despite claiming that their voter roll and early voting hour changes were aimed at assuring a fair election free of fraud, Scott and his lackeys left untouched the easiest route to fraud, which just so happens to also be the form of pre-election voting that their side prefers. Their moves now stand as a clear indicator that Florida's Governor and legislature have no qualms about suppressing the votes of their opponents while enabling fraud on their own side.
We can only hope that the people of Florida wake up to these disgusting tactics before voting in the 2014 gubernatorial election.
* Activists hosed with icy water, quit rig after 15 hours
* Campaigners say energy projects will ruin Arctic
* Russia's first offshore Arctic rig yet to start pumping
By Gabriela Baczynska
MOSCOW, Aug 24 (Reuters) - Environmental activists were forced to abandon their occupation of an oil rig in the Russian arctic on Friday when they were hosed down by jets of icy water, cutting short their protest after 15 hours.
The activists, including Greenpeace's global chief Kumi Naidoo, climbed the Gazprom platform off Russia's north coast after reaching it in inflatable speedboats at about 4 a.m. (0000 GMT).
They took ample supplies and intended to stay for days, clinging to the side of the platform - Russia's first offshore Arctic oil development - in tents pitched on small scaffolds.
They retreated to a Greenpeace ship “to avoid unnecessary risk in these freezing Arctic conditions,” the group said.
A witness on the ship said Naidoo suffered from hyperthermia after being sprayed with water from the platform. Activists said chains were dropped from above.
Gazprom declined to comment about the reports of hosing or objects being dropped on them from the platform.
“The hosing is now very intense ... but we are going to stick it out as long as we can,” a Greenpeace Twitter account quoted Naidoo as saying earlier.
“Succeeded in our aim of drawing attention to Arctic destruction in Pechora Sea,” he said in a later posting.
EXTREME
Pechora, part of the Barents Sea, contains the Prirazlomnoye oil field, estimated to hold reserves of 526 million barrels. Russia sees a successful launch of Arctic exploration as vital to maintaining its status as the world's top oil producer.
Gazprom said the protesters had violated a 500-metre (500-yard) security zone around the rig.
“They were invited to climb up to the platform to conduct a constructive dialogue,” but refused, Gazprom said in a statement, adding that work continued as usual.
Development of the Prirazlomnoye field has been plagued by delays, cost overruns and construction difficulties. Crude is now expected to flow by the end of the year.
Environmental campaigners say the Arctic's extreme conditions - its remoteness, darkness, sub-zero temperatures, ice and high winds - would hamper emergency operations in case of an oil spill in an area with a fragile ecosystem.
“The only way to prevent a catastrophic oil spill ... in this unique environment is to permanently ban all drilling now,” Greenpeace quoted Naidoo as saying from the platform.
Greenpeace plans to promote a resolution at the U.N. General Assembly that would declare the Arctic a global sanctuary to prevent any oil drilling and unsustainable fishing there.
A similar sanctuary in Antarctica was created 20 years ago, when the mining industry was banned from operating there. But with many countries jostling to exploit the resources in the increasingly accessible Arctic, such a resolution would face greater resistance.
Russian state-controlled oil giant Rosneft has concluded deals in recent months with Exxon Mobil Corp, Italy's Eni and Norway's Statoil to drill for oil in the Arctic and other areas.
BP, Shell and Total have also started or plan to start drilling for oil and gas in Arctic regions, spurred by high commodity prices and concerns about future energy security.
The Arctic is estimated to hold at least 32 percent of the world's undiscovered oil and gas reserves and the region is becoming more accessible as global warming melts sea ice.
Tory MPs have dismissed Labour calls to give armed forces personnel a "fair" pay increase, claiming it is "not on the list" of concerns.
Labour accused the Government of a "litany of broken promises" over Army pay and recruitment since 2015, as it moved a motion which warned "dissatisfaction with pay" was among the reasons identified by personnel as a reason for leaving.
MPs heard Army numbers have dwindled from more than 100,000 in 2010, to 77,600 this year.
Shadow Defence Secretary Nia Griffith said the starting salary of an Army private had been cut by more than £1,000 in real terms since 2010. She said:
"Is it any wonder, then, that the Government finds itself presiding over a crisis in recruitment and retention?"
But Tory former Defence Minister Anna Soubry was quick to dismiss the suggestion that pay was a concern for personnel.
She said: "I am a former minister in the Ministry of Defence responsible for welfare and I have to say pay was not on the list and it is not on the list of those constituents who serve so well in our armed forces.
"There are other issues we should be debating but not this one when it comes to our armed forces."
Matt Grevers pushes off the starting block in the final of the men's 100m backstroke.
OMAHA -- Matt Grevers had just come off a dominating win in the 100 backstroke here at the U.S. Swim Trials. It was late at night. He was walking across the bridge that connects CenturyLink Arena to the Hilton Omaha and he was walking slowly, very slowly, because about every 10 feet a gaggle of girls was asking for autographs and photos.
He was signing and posing and he could not have been more gracious, even when the girls gave way to a grown man who asked if he would pose for a photo with a picture glued to a popsicle-stick of his hometown orthodontist, apparently a swim dad. No matter.
Grevers posed for the photo and the guy gushed, "Matt, you just saved me two-thousand bucks!"
"It's a big family," Grevers would say later. "Everyone wants everyone to do well."
Every sport has its own culture. A reason, perhaps the key reason, for USA Swimming's ongoing success at the Summer Olympics -- and why the team that's being put together here at the Trials is expected to continue that run in just a few weeks in London -- is its underlying culture.
It's no accident. It begins early, when kids start at their clubs in their towns, and it carries all the way through and to the national and Olympic teams.
Just one example of swim culture, and how it contrasts with track and field, which of course will be one of the other marquee sports in just a few weeks at the Games:
In the women's 200-meter breaststroke heats here Friday morning, 14-year-old Allie Szekely and 20-year-old Gisselle Kohoyda tied for 17th in 2:30.28.
A marked element of swim culture is that swimmers are expected to be tough. About an hour later, after the heats of the men's 200 individual medley, they held a swim-off to determine who would be the first alternate for Friday night's semifinals in the women's 200 breaststroke. With the crowd roaring, Allie won, in 2:30.03.
To be clear: She went faster in the swim-off than she had in the heat itself.
Afterward, she signed autographs and said it was "awesome."
Compare: In track and field, the dead-heat in the women's 100 meters last Saturday in Eugene, Ore., is still a dead-heat.
The two athletes involved in the 100-meter tie at the track Trials, Allyson Felix and Jeneba Tarmoh, are also competing in the 200 meters. After competing through the early rounds of the 200, both have been escorted through what's called the "mixed zone," where athletes meet reporters, with no comment. Both have declined to speak with television crews as well.
The track dead-heat has dissolved into something of a farce. While the protocol that has since been instituted since the tie calls for either a run-off or a coin-flip, the coin-flip rules demand that the 25-cent piece to be used must feature George Washington on one side and an "Eagle" on the other. So the commemorative quarters honoring each of the 50 states, which are of course legal tender and now in wide circulation through a program launched by the U.S. Mint in 1999 -- they're no good.
Chuck Wielgus, executive director of USA Swimming, said he believes it's his No. 1 priority -- more than fund-raising, organizational charts, anything -- to work at culture.
On the blocks, swimming is the most important thing. Off, no. It's understood that there's a distinct difference between whom the person is as a swimmer and who he or she is as a person. Moreover, the culture in USA Swimming is to embrace accountability and responsibility and, whether winning or losing, to be humble and gracious.
No one is perfect, of course, and there are obviously exceptions and mistakes. But that's the culture.
"You can't manufacture it," Wielgus said. "It has to be ingrained."
He also said, "At the very end, it can be that extra little shot of energy, that extra hundredth of a second that can make a difference. This -- all of it -- it's more than just about you."
It's all the more remarkable that it is ingrained because, obviously, swimming is an individual thing. But what USA Swimming has done is make it a team thing, too.
Swimming is hard. Not to say other sports aren't. But, as Eddie Reese, the longtime coach at the University of Texas, said, "Nobody in their right mind picks this. How exciting is it to do two to four hours a day following a black line at the bottom of a pool with no outside information or stimulus? Plus, the only way to get better is to work harder."
On top of which, as everyone in the sport's elite echelons understand well, the best way to produce Olympic-caliber stars is to develop an aerobic base in a young athlete before he or she hits puberty -- the best example being Michael Phelps, who was essentially a miler as a youngster in Baltimore before he started sprinting.
The thing is, as young swimmers are growing up in the sport, they are inevitably on clubs or teams. And there's a lot of waiting around together at meets for heats. That builds camaraderie.
That group sense thoroughly informs the national and Olympic teams.
Call it corny, but there are rookie skits and karaoke and team-building exercises that everyone buys into.
At the world championships last year in Shanghai, Frank Busch, the national team director, was a rookie. He had for the prior 22 years been the coach at the University of Arizona. But he was new to the national team post and therefore a rookie.
Culture is culture. At the pre-Shanghai training camp, Busch got up before the team and belted out his version of Bon Jovi's "Livin' on a Prayer." At the time, he was 60-years-old and, as he said with a laugh, "They looked at me like I was from outer space."
Missy Franklin, the 17-year-old Colorado sensation who is expected to be a breakout star in London, not only sang, she danced so well that, Busch said, "The kids on the team, they were pulling their jaw off the ground watching her."
Because Franklin will be an Olympic rookie, she will have to do something all over again at the team's training camp before London. Culture is culture.
Besides the fun, there is a serious element to it as well, which everyone involved calls "the code." On international trips, there's a curfew, typically 10 or 11 p.m. No girls in boys' rooms or vice-versa. No tobacco or alcohol, not even for coaches when they are eating out.
"I have never been on a trip where there has been a problem," said Lindsay Mintenko, who swam at the 2000 Sydney and 2004 Athens Games, winning three medals, two gold, and is now the U.S. national team managing director.
The way this also works is that the older athletes not only are expected to give back -- they want to do so.
Ariana Kukors, the 2009 world championship gold medalist in the women's 200 IM who qualified here to swim the event in London, said she vividly remembers Summer Sanders, who won four swimming medals, two gold, at the 1992 Barcelona Games, coming to a pool in the Seattle area -- where Kukors is from -- to sign autographs when Kukors was just 10.
"I never get tired of signing autographs," Kukors said.
Even the biggest names gladly pitch in.
In 2009, Phelps happened to be on vacation in Hawaii. The junior Pan Pacific championships were going on at the same time. Phelps called Jack Roach, the junior team national director, and said, what can I do?
Roach said, please come on over. Phelps did, and talked to the teens at length about the honor of representing team and country.
At those world championships in Rome in 2009, meanwhile, Aaron Peirsol, arguably the finest backstroker of his generation, didn't make the finals of the 100 back. He simply misjudged how fast he would have to go to make the last eight.
He didn't whine. He didn't complain. He said he would put it behind him, cheer for his teammates and get ready for his next race, the 200 back.
A few days later, right before he was getting ready to swim the 200 final, Peirsol turned to Roach, who on that trip was with the senior team.
"Jack, come here," Peirsol said. He urged Roach to take a look around at the magnificent setting that was the Foro Italico -- the olive trees, the red brick buildings, the noise and sound of 16,000 people.
"Let's not forget what we are doing," Peirsol said. "We may never experience this again as long as we live. Look at the sunset. Look at the trees. Look at the American flags. This is what it's all about."
"I knew right then," Roach said, "that Aaron was going to win a gold medal."
Which Peirsol did. In world-record time.
Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk has announced his resignation in a televised address.
"I made the decision to resign as prime minister of Ukraine," Yatsenyuk said on April 10 in comments aired on Ukrainian television channels.
"On Tuesday, April 12, I will submit it to parliament," he said.
He added that his decision was based on several reasons, saying that "the political crisis in the government has been unleashed artificially, the desire to change one person has blinded politicians and paralyzed their will to bring about real changes in the country."
Yatsenyuk said his resignation would be immediately followed by the formation of a new government.
"The parliamentary faction of the Petro Poroshenko Bloc has nominated Volodymyr Hroysman to the post of prime minister," he said. "Having done everything to ensure stability and continuity of our course, I declare my decision to transfer the obligations and responsibilities of the head of government of Ukraine."
Yatsenyuk said his country should not allow the "destabilization of the executive branch during a war."
"This would be inevitable, if after this resignation a new government of Ukraine is not selected immediately," he added.
Russia annexed Crimea in 2014 before arming and aiding a separatist revolt in Ukraine's east, according to critics.
WATCH: Arseniy Yatsenyuk resigns (with English subtitles)
​In an interview with RFE/RL's Ukrainian Service, Oleksiy Honcharenko , deputy head of the parliamentary faction of the Petro Poroshenko Bloc, expressed confidence that a new prime minister would be chosen this week.
"Yatsenyuk can remain as acting [premier] if we [don't manage] to elect a new prime minister. And I'm sure we can do it on [April 12]; the new head of the government will be elected," Honcharenko said.
When asked whether he had Hroysman, a close ally of Poroshenko, in mind, he said, "Yes, that's about him."
"This would resolve the political crisis," he added.
"I am 99.9 percent certain that Hroysman will become the new premier," another Poroshenko party member, Vadym Denysenko, said in televised comments.
"Petro Poroshenko's dream was to have complete control of the government through his prime minister since he was elected president," said Anton Herashchenko, a member of parliament from the Narodniy Front faction. "He achieved his goal, so I think that the prime minister will be [from the] Poroshenko [Bloc]."
Yuriy Pavlenko, a member of the parliamentary faction Opposition Bloc, said Yatsenyuk's resignation was "expected and predictable."
"It was clear that this government, which does not enjoy any public support or the support of the parliament, cannot [last]. Yatsenyuk failed in economic policies," Pavlenko told RFE/RL's Ukrainian service.
He added that early parliamentary elections were the only way out of the political crisis.
Yatsenuyk came to power in 2014 with the promise that he would tackle corruption and bring about economic reforms. But he has been himself facing accusations of economic corruption.
Yatsenyuk survived a no-confidence vote on February 16.
The vote came after Ukrainian President Poroshenko asked Yatsenyuk to step down "in order to restore trust in the government."
Opinion polls have been showing a growing disenchantment among Ukrainians with the pro-Western government that took power following the ouster of President Viktor Yanukovych, a Kremlin ally, in February 2014.
The White House said that U.S. Vice President Joe Biden and Yatsenuyk had spoken over the phone and agreed that economic reforms undertaken by Ukraine must be irreversible.
“The leaders agreed these changes must be irreversible and that continued progress is critical to securing a prosperous future for the people of Ukraine, “the White House said in an April 10 statement.
“The leaders also agreed on the importance of assembling a new cabinet committed to implementing needed reforms, in particular those recommended by the International Monetary Fund and European Union,” the statement added.
With reporting by RFE/RL's Ukrainian Service correspondent Olga Komarova, Reuters, AFP, TASS, and the BBC
SALMON, Idaho (Reuters) - An Idaho prosecutor said on Wednesday that internet outlets devoted to carrying anti-Muslim sentiments were to blame for fomenting widely spread, false rumors that three Syrian refugee boys had gang-raped a young girl at knife-point.
“There was no gang rape, there were no Syrians involved and there was no knife. None of it is true,” Twin Falls County Prosecutor Grant Loebs said of the reports, which originated on blogs and social media postings and have since gone viral.
He told Reuters those reports stemmed from an incident on June 2 in which three boys - aged 7, 10 and 14 - were accused of assaulting a 5-year-old girl in an apartment house laundry room in the southern Idaho city of Twin Falls.
An investigation by Twin Falls police found one of the boys sexually assaulted the girl and the two others were involved in the crime but did not touch the child, Loebs said.
Two boys were charged in the case, which an Idaho court has been sealed because they are minors, and were being held in a juvenile detention facility, the prosecutor said.
Twin Falls Police Chief Craig Kingsbury, accused by anti-Muslim groups of a cover-up, said publicly that one of the boys was from Sudan, the other from Iraq. He added they had been in the United States for less than two years, but their immigration status was not immediately known.
Anti-Muslim agitators and those opposed to resettlement of refugees from the Syrian civil war nevertheless seized on the incident to buttress their arguments for shutting down a refugee center in Twin Falls to prevent entry by displaced Syrians.
“They are not compatible with our culture. They hate us. They don't want to be Americans,” Vicky Davis, a local citizen opposed to the refugee center, said during a City Council meeting on Monday night.
The controversy flared as Donald Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, escalated his anti-Muslim rhetoric after last week's deadly mass shooting at a gay nightclub in Florida by a gunman pledging his allegiance to Islamic State militants.
Trump has called for a blanket ban on Muslim immigrants and heavier government scrutiny of mosques.
Ibrahim Hooper, spokesman for the Washington-based Council on American-Islamic Relations, said the Idaho sexual assault should be fully investigated but added the case had become a lightning rod for anti-Muslim, and anti-refugee sentiments.
“These two forms of hostility seem to be overlapping and reinforcing each other,” he said.
A vintage streamlined aluminum trailer turns into luxury living
The "Locomotive Trailer Ranch" by Andrew Hinman Architecture. The "Locomotive Trailer Ranch" by Andrew Hinman Architecture. Photo: Paul Bardagjy Photo: Paul Bardagjy Image 1 of / 92 Caption Close A vintage streamlined aluminum trailer turns into luxury living 1 / 92 Back to Gallery
When Andrew Hinman Architcture took on the task of relocating a family's aluminum house trailer to South Texas, the plan involved much more than polish and placement.
The family wanted their prized possession to be located on an idyllic plot of land overlooking the Nueces River, despite its fragile geography and propensity for flooding. That meant that the project required well thought-out architectural solutions and a strong foundation.
RELATED: Austin's colorful 400-square-foot home
So the steel-framed, metal roof home is smartly settled among equipment sheds and rain barns.
"The cradle lifts the trailer above the flood plain and provides accessory components, sweeping river views, and safe access to the fishing/swimming hole," Andrew Hinchman Architecture explains." The cradle is anchored by a concrete blockhouse containing utilities, storage, and bathroom and topped by a screened sleeping loft."
RELATED: Go inside an earth-covered home near Austin
Inside, the trailer was refurbished with bamboo wood panels, LED lighting and FSC-certified Ipe and Douglas Fir decking.
RELATED: Midcentury Texas home hides a bomb shelter
The built-in trailer creates an interesting, dynamic living space. Those who go to sleep in the cozy quarters of the trailer can wake up and walk out onto a wide open, covered deck with panoramic nature views.
Take a look around the structure in the slides above.
Queensland Police selling $25k sponsorships to attend fraud symposium at luxury resort
Updated
Queensland's fraud squad is selling sponsorships of up to $25,000 for private companies to attend an anti-fraud and cyber crime symposium at the luxury Sanctuary Cove resort on the Gold Coast, the ABC can reveal.
Key points: "Project Synergy" is under investigation by the state anti-corruption watchdog
Criminologist warns selling of sponsorships could undermine police independence
Queensland police says any money raised will be used for prevention, awareness projects
This is despite an ongoing investigation by the Crime and Corruption Commission into the collection of sponsorships by the fraud squad project that runs the symposiums.
Project Synergy has raised tens of thousands of dollars from the private sector.
The ABC has obtained a "Sponsorship Proposal" brochure for the 2016 symposium at Sanctuary Cove.
It offers companies the "opportunity to engage and develop your client base, representing considerable return on investment".
The sponsorships for the three-day symposium range from the $10,000 Bronze sponsorship, up to $25,000 for the Platinum deal.
Queensland Police detective-turned-criminologist Terry Goldsworthy warned that selling sponsorships could undermine the independence of the police.
"There is room for a conflict of interest. Where you have police getting involved in assisting direct marketing, attaching branding to things, I think you start getting into murky waters," he said.
Do you know more about this story? Email investigations@abc.net.au.
The Platinum sponsor gets "acknowledgement at opening and closing sessions" as well as prominent signage, their company logo on symposium literature, and "database access to all consenting delegates" attending the event.
Convicted Enron fraudster among speakers
Speakers at the symposium include senior FBI securities fraud specialist David A Chaves, and Andrew Fastow, the former chief financial officer of Enron Corporation, which was one of the largest bankruptcies in US history.
Mr Fastow spent six years in a federal prison for securities fraud. Sponsorships of the symposium's Gala Dinner are also on sale for $17,500.
Other events include the "Wednesday Night Fever" Gala evening in which guests are encouraged to wear disco dress to "dance the night away to the very best of the '70s, '80s, and '90s".
"I suspect they would make quite a bit of money out of this [symposium], and that leads into a whole other area of accountability and governance," Dr Goldsworthy said.
"Where does that money go? How is it accounted? Who has access to it? What's it used for?"
Funds to go towards crime prevention, awareness programs
The Queensland Police Service told the ABC that any money raised would be used for prevention and awareness projects including the development of a "Detect-A-Scam" phone app and a children's cyber safety program.
Funds would also be used for police programs such as regional specialist training and for research into fraud "victimology and prevention treatments".
The ABC can confirm that Queensland's Crime and Corruption Commission is still investigating the management of Project Synergy.
The project run by the fraud squad has conducted previous symposiums and other crime-prevention forums, and it raised $165,000 in just two years from some of Australia's best known companies, including Telstra, Hewlett Packard and the CPA.
The Queensland Police Service said it was still waiting for the formal recommendations from the investigation.
Topics: fraud-and-corporate-crime, law-crime-and-justice, corruption, coolangatta-4225, qld, australia
First posted
Only a few years ago, Dave Burke remembers, cellphone users were just happy to have a camera at all. But expectations have changed. "If you have a smartphone, people want it to take pictures like a DSLR. Even in one year the quality bar and expectation bar has gone up higher and higher. Internally, ours have too. I think we can do better, and we are."
As he says this, Burke, Google's Director of Engineering for Android, is walking through all the changes Google has made to the Nexus 5's camera in the five weeks since the phone hit the market. The fruits of the Android team's efforts is Android 4.4.1, the update rolling out over the next few days that is designed to fix the buggy, inconsistent camera on what is otherwise one of the best Android phones on the market.
Fixing autofocus fixes a number of other problems, too
The changes break down in five categories, Burke says, autofocus first among them. Mixing speed and image quality requires a fragile balance, particularly in low light, and Android 4.4 skewed too far toward image quality. "There's a tendency to say, 'oh, we have this cool thing that stabilizes, so lets make the shutter time longer, reduce the gain even longer, and get better shots.'" But while the Nexus 5's optical image stabilization allowed it to get better-than-average shots in low light, in good lighting it just made for frustratingly slow shooting speeds. By speeding up the framerate and increasing how quickly the camera can read its surroundings and fire a picture, Burke and his team improved the autofocus, the exposure, and the white balance. "You fix the motion blur," he says, "and make everything faster."
Speed is a theme for the update, and the Nexus 5's camera really does feel faster across the board. The app launches a full second quicker than it did before the update, meaning you'll miss many fewer shots than before. There's also a new progress indicator in HDR+ mode, which makes the process, longer by necessity, feel a lot more straightforward. It's the first of what Burke says will be a series of interface changes, as Google tries to make Android cameras a little more controllable and obvious. Right now, nearly every setting is buried under layers of menus, and Burke says Google is working on undoing that.
In only five weeks, Google massively upgraded the Nexus 5's camera
But even now, after just five weeks of work, the Nexus 5's camera has been massively improved. We've only had a day with the software, but the changes are clear. Before, there were shots you simply couldn't get — I learned to not even try with fast-moving subjects, especially in low light, but now a picture of the New York City skyline out the window of a taxi is crisp and in focus, even if it's not quite as sharp as on an iPhone 5S. The Nexus 5 just inspires confidence in a way it never did before. It doesn't take six tries to get a picture in focus, because the camera doesn't re-focus again as soon as you hit the shutter. It just fires, and far more often than not gets a crisp, clear photo.
Photos are a little more contrasted, too, with slightly more vibrant colors. Burke says this was an intentional change, that "we just wanted to make photos pop a little more." The effect occasionally goes too far, with reds and oranges exploding off the screen, but for the most pictures look lively and accurate.
There's more work to do, both in performance and in software
There's still plenty of work to be done, of course. The camera app desperately needs a one-touch way to focus and capture an image, for one thing: moving your hand from focusing to firing doesn't cause blur the way it used to, but it still means you'll miss quick-moving subjects. Photos can still come out looking over-processed, and focusing in low light still takes a while. Burke says his team is working on "tuning the edge cases," too, making sure the camera can function properly in strangely lit situations.
With Android 4.4.1 on board, however, the Nexus 5's camera stops being a dealbreaker — it's not the best smartphone camera, but it's a camera you can use confidently and expectantly knowing that it will almost always deliver. It may not take the perfect shot yet, but rarely offers anything but a completely usable one. Burke says it's only going to get better, though he admits there's a lot to do. "Cameras can be pretty complicated," he says.
The RCMP just reclassified the Akdal Mka 1919 from Restricted to Non-restricted! That's right, the FRT has been updated and this mag fed shotgun is officially no longer an AR-15 variant. I can't wait to take mine out into the bush and celebrate.
I was wondering how my shotgun would be affected with the announcement back in December that the Derya Mk10 was non-restricted. The Akdal is almost identical to the Derya, but was listed as an AR variant for the last several years. Here's my video review after a few seasons of 3-Gun.
Now, when you check the legal notes in the FRT database relating to the Mka 1919 you see the following:
“While the exterior of this model resembles the AR “family,” there is no direct lineage that this is exclusive to the AR15/M16 design. This model design could also easily be linked to the Armalite Division of Fairchild Aircraft AR10 design.”
That little snippet is doubly interesting, because it may have implications for the AR10 platform as a whole. I don't want to jump the gun here, but I get a sneaking suspicion this is not the only firearm moving towards deregulation. The original AR10 was a very different firearm than the M16 successor, and modern firearms that can draw a linkage back to that original design might be in for some good news.
Until we know more, I'll be taking my Akdal outdoors for some winter camping and skeet blasting.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
A controversial bill to bring back executions by firing squad, passed the Republican-dominated Utah House on Friday, by a 39-34 vote. Utah requires a minimum of 38 votes to pass legislation through the House, so the measure had just one vote to spare. The proposal would allow the state to execute inmates by firing squad if the drug cocktail needed to perform a lethal injection were unavailable at the time of a scheduled execution.
The bill's sponsor, Rep. Bill Ray (R-Clearfield), tried to steer the debate away from discussion of whether the death penalty itself should be called into question. Ray argued that because the state has the death penalty, the legislature needs to be responsible for choosing how the death penalty is carried out. He maintained that death by firing squad was more humane than other alternatives like electrocution, gassing, and hanging.
Many House Democrats strongly argued against the measure. African-American lawmaker Sandra Hollins (D-Salt Lake City), voiced her objection, questioning not only the method of killing, but also the rationale for the death penalty itself. She stated:
The death penalty disproportionately affects my community. The death penalty also is not fairly given across socioeconomic status, racial or gender lines. …I refuse to vote yes on a bill that gives a tool to carry out the death penalty.
House Minority Leader Brian King (D-Salt Lake City), was equally critical. Calling death by firing squad, “cold-blooded execution”, he argued:
This is not just a conversation about different ways of the state putting people to death. It's a question about moral and fiscal responsibility and whether the state of Utah chooses, or not, to be a moral and fiscal leader on such a controversial topic.
Several Republican lawmakers had misgivings about reinstating firing squads as well. Rep. Stephen Handy (R-Layton) expressed concern that bringing back deaths by firing squad would harm the state's image with tourists. He opined:
If we do this, if you think that we have problems with air quality and other things with the image of the state of Utah, to bring back the firing squad would be going down that path.
Utah ended the practice of allowing inmates to be slated for death by firing squad in 2004. The last execution by firing squad in Utah took place six years after that decision. Ronnie Lee Gardner was executed on June 18, 2010, by a team of five marksmen armed with .30 caliber Winchester rifles. Prior to Gardner's execution, the last Utah execution carried out by a firing squad was in 1996.
Executions by firing squads seem to be growing in popularity with Republican lawmakers in the West. On Thursday, Wyoming's House approved death by firing squad. Wyoming, which borders Utah, is similarly dominated by Republicans. However, unlike Utah, Wyoming currently has no prisoners on death row. Both states will need the measures to pass through the State Senate and be signed by their respective Governors in order to become law. However, because Republicans control each legislative chamber and the State House in both Utah and Wyoming, the laws stand a reasonable chance of passing.
To most of the developed world, the Death Penalty seems inhumane and antiquated. The United States, however, has never abandoned the practice, although it is outlawed in several states. However, in the American West, lawmakers seem eager not to move forward to a nation interested in restorative justice. Instead, they seem much more inclined to return to 19th-century style methods of execution. The Utah House has taken a step backward. The only question now is whether the Utah Senate and Governor will follow suit.
Image via Wikipedia
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
The NFL says that Sunday night's officiating crew should have stopped play and eliminated confusion about the down and distance near the end of the New York Giants' 24-17 victory over the Washington Redskins.
A 4-yard completion to the Redskins' Pierre Garcon was spotted short of a first down. Referee Jeff Triplette signaled third down. But the head linesman, with Washington in a hurry-up offense, incorrectly motioned for the crew to advance the chains, which caused the down boxes to read first down.
League officiating director Dean Blandino said Monday in a statement that "in this situation where there is obvious confusion as to the status of the down, play should have been stopped prior to third down and the correct down communicated to both clubs. This should have occurred regardless of the fact that Washington had no timeouts and it was inside two minutes."
Redskins coach Mike Shanahan said Blandino called him Monday.
"I talked to Dean earlier today. He gave me a call and went over the scenario," he said. "Obviously they made a mistake and you live with it."
There was little doubt among Redskins players that they had a first down. Triplette had no doubt that it was third down.
"We signaled 'third down' on the field," Triplette told pool reporter Zac Boyer of The Washington Times. "The stakes were moved incorrectly. After that play, we said it was still third down. We had signaled third down prior to the play starting. The chains just got moved incorrectly."
Redskins players saw the chains and thought Garcon made a first down.
"The chains moved right away, and it was first down," guard Kory Lichtensteiger said. "Next thing I know, it's not. ... We thought it was first-and-10, so we ran the play. Next thing we know, it's fourth-and-1 all of a sudden. I don't know how they can take it back. I feel if it's marked, you have to go with it. That changes everything for our offense."
Shanahan said Sunday he asked for a measurement after Garcon's catch but that an official told him it wasn't necessary.
"He said, 'You don't have to, it's a first down,'" Shanahan said. "I saw it as a first down on the other side, and he signaled to move the chains on our side. I asked him if it was third down. He said he already told me it was a first down. ... After I saw it was fourth down, I asked him, 'You already told me it was first down.' That was quite disappointing."
Shanahan said the official, whom he did not name, didn't respond.
His claim that he was told it was a first down was relayed to Triplette.
"I can't respond to that," Triplette said. "I don't know what happened. I just know that we had signaled third down."
On third-and-1, the Redskins called a downfield pass to tight end Fred Davis, who dropped it at the New York 30.
"Coach [Kyle Shanahan, the offensive coordinator] called that play thinking it was first down," quarterback Robert Griffin III said. "Then we come back and we think it's second-and-10 and they're yelling out it's fourth down. No explanation, no measurement. Didn't stop the clock to allow the chains to move back."
On fourth down, Garcon caught a short hitch that would have resulted in a first down, but safety Will Hill stripped him of the ball to give the Giants (5-7) possession.
Griffin said Kyle Shanahan had called a play thinking it was second-and-10. After the Redskins (3-9) realized it was fourth down, Shanahan had to change the call.
"Any time you have a sequence of plays, you're not going to call a quick hitch on fourth-and-inches," Mike Shanahan said. "So obviously it's going to affect our play call."
ESPN.com Redskins reporter John Keim and information from The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Schools buying iPads for faculty or students can now receive an extra year of AppleCare+ warranty coverage, bringing it to three total years of protection, for the same $99 flat price.
AppleInsider was tipped to the change by Twitter user @pxlate on Wednesday. When checking out of an Apple educational institution store online, buyers are presented with a yellow box offering them the ability to add AppleCare+ to their order.But instead of the regular two-year coverage period, AppleCare+ for institutional buyers now carries three full years of warranty protection. The price is unchanged at $99.The change is limited solely to institutional buyers, and does not apply to education purchases made for personal use by students or faculty. AppleCare+ coverage for the general public also still carries a two-year iPad coverage period for $99.The expanded warranty coverage represents an additional push by Apple to maintain its dominance among tablets in the education market. The company boasted in its most recent quarterly earnings report that the iPad had over 95 percent share of the U.S. education tablet market."The focus in education is on penetration, is on getting more schools to buy, and my belief is the match has been lit," Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook said. "It's very clear to the educators that have studied this that student achievement is higher with iPad in the classroom than without it. And so I'm confident we've got a really great start in education far beyond the U.S. now."
Published online 14 September 2010 | Nature 467, 259 (2010) | doi:10.1038/467259a
News
Approval expected for genetically modified salmon.
A genetically modified animal is on the brink of making an appearance on US dinner tables for the first time. The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) is expected to approve a genetically modified (GM) Atlantic salmon that grows twice as fast as wild Atlantics, reaching market weight in a year and a half instead of three. Approval could come as soon as next week.
The fish contains a single copy of a DNA sequence that includes code for a Chinook salmon growth hormone and regulatory sequences derived from Chinook salmon and the eel-like ocean pout. Whereas Atlantic salmon normally stop growing in the winter, the GM fish produces growth hormones throughout the year. Developer AquaBounty Technologies, based in Waltham, Massachusetts, has spent more than a decade shepherding the fish towards approval in a new regulatory landscape. In 2009, the FDA decided to classify GM traits in animals as veterinary drugs. Some have criticized this decision, as it allows companies to shield some details of their product from public view as proprietary information (see Nature doi:10.1038/news.2008.1120; 2010).
Click for larger version. Google Finance
To appease critics, the FDA has posted all the information behind its decision on the salmon online, and has opened much of the deliberations of an advisory body — the Veterinary Medicine Advisory Committee (VMAC) — to the public. Next week the VMAC will hold public sessions to hear about the science, safety, environmental impact and possible labelling of the fish. The FDA's Center for Veterinary Medicine, which will decide on approval after hearing from the VMAC, has already released a favourable report.
Some environmental groups are concerned that the fish might escape from their pens and mate with wild Atlantic salmon. "There is always going to be a possibility of escape," says Peter Bridson, aquaculture research manager at the Monterey Bay Aquarium in California. "We would oppose the approval of the current application."
“They are willing to incur huge risks to gain access to food.”
AquaBounty's chief executive Ronald Stotish says those concerns are misplaced. More than 99% of his salmon are triploid, which renders them sterile, and the fish are farmed inland, in large tanks fitted with filters and baffles to imprison eggs, smolt and fish. "The possibility of an escape or an event with any possibility to interact with the wild population is infinitesimal," says Stotish.
According to Mark Abrahams, a biologist at Memorial University in St John's, Newfoundland, Canada, the transgenic fish's ramped-up metabolism is maladapted to life in the wild. "They are willing to incur huge risks to gain access to food," he says, allowing predators to pick off the fish easily.
ADVERTISEMENT
The next GM animal on dinner plates may be the Enviropig, developed at the University of Guelph, Ontario, Canada, and submitted to the FDA for approval. The pig can better absorb phosphorus from its food, reducing the phosphorus content of its manure. High-phosphorus manure can induce algal blooms in waterways.
There are no requests for authorization of transgenic food animals pending in the European Union, and the European Food Safety Authority, based in Parma, Italy, is just beginning to draft regulatory guidelines. For now, AquaBounty plans to market its salmon only in the United States. "Other countries are interested but they are all looking to the United States for the regulatory imprimatur," says Stotish.
'DAN USTANKA'
U organizaciji Saveza antifašističkih boraca i antifašista, Srpskog narodnog vijeća i Općine Gračac u subotu je održan skup kojim je obilježena 76. godišnjica ustanka 27. srpnja 1941.
Na skup odavanja počasti ustanicima nije se unatoč pozivima, naglasio je saborski zastupnik i predsjednik SNV-a Milorad Pupovac, odazvao nitko iz državnog vrha niti poslao svog izaslanika.
Nezadovoljna društvenim kretanjima i odnosom prema antifašizmu, dožupanica Zadarske županije Rajka Rađenović (SDSS) kazala je da je "oživljavanje ustaštva za nas bolno, a još je bolnije saznanje da smo nezaštićeni i sami, kako od strane države i njenih institucija, tako i od strane medija i svih drugih dijelova hrvatskog društva".
Ona smatra da je Ustavom deklarirana ravnopravnost u stvarnosti sasvim drugačija, pa tako i očekivanja po toj osnovi iznevjerena.
Za Zorana Pusića, koji je govorio u ime Antifašističke lige Hrvatske, nema dvojbe da se ono što bi trebala biti daleka povijest, danas se vraća kao ostrašćeni revizionizam povijesti. "Ne zato što su otkrivene nove činjenice, nego zato da se lažima i izmišljotinama relativizira zloćudnost pokreta kao što su nacizam i ustaštvo, jednom riječju fašizam", rekao je.
"Stoga posebno zabrinjava da velik broj političara koji odlučuju o sudbini ove zemlje i koji se svi zaklinju u demokraciju i standarde ljudskih prava, ne vide ili se prave da ne vide da trend relativizacije zloćudnosti fašizma predstavlja otvaranje vrata fašizmu," rekao je Pusić.
Ocijenio je da je prošlogodišnje "nesnalaženje policije" koja nije znala kako se postaviti prema provedbi sudske zabrane ulaska Draženu Kelemincu u Srb bilo tek uvod u ovogodišnju inicijativu premijera Andreja Plenkovića za osnivanje stručnog povjerenstva koja bi trebala donijeti pravorijek o tome što učiniti s pločom u Jasenovcu na kojoj je ustaški pozdrav "Za dom spremni".
Nedopustivo je, poručio je, što stranka koja je na izborima dobila relativnu većinu u Hrvatskoj i stranka koja je na lokalnim izborima pobijedila u Zagrebu sad aktivno pomažu NDH-nostalgičare u njihovim nastojanjima za zatru simbole Narodnooslobodilačke borbe, među ostalim i promjenom naziva trga Josipa Broza u Zagrebu.
Dijabolična je privlačnost ideja iz prve polovice 20. stoljeća koje su kao fašizam i nacizam uzrokovale goleme ljudske patnje i stradanja je zabrinjavajuća, jer te ideje nisu nestale i nisu relikti prošlosti, nego su sada vrlo zabrinjavajuća suvremena pojava, kazao je Pusić. Samo svakodnevno zalaganje za antifašističke ideje kakva-takva su garancija, kaže Pusić, da ćemo iz obraniti argumentima i da ih se više nikad neće morati braniti na način od prije 76 godina.
Bojana Genov, koordinatorica Ženske mreže Hrvatske, hrvatsko društvo odustaje od toga da bude sekularno i socijalno, iz Ustava se nastoji izbrisati antifašizam, a antifašizam je posljednje što je ostalo u tom otporu.
Stjepan Mesić podsjetio je na svoje govore koje je ispod spomenika u Srbu održao posljednjih nekoliko godina, u kojima je upozoravao na opasnost od povijesnog revizionizma i uskrsnuća ustaštva, ali i da su svi ti pokušaji i borbe protiv antifašističkih temelja unaprijed izgubljene bitke. Naglasio je da je ustanak hrvatskog i srpskog naroda, kao i svih onih željnih pravde i slobode, makar bili i različitih svjetonazora, bio zajednički i to protiv okupatora kao i domaćih snaga koje su samo voljom i snagom okupatora došle na vlast i uveli vladavinu terora.
"Pročitajte samo u medijima sadržaje kojima nas zatrpavaju razni samozvani povjesničari sa svojom željom da prekroje i iznova napišu povijest 2. svjetskog rata. Oni sad mogu uživati u plodovima svoga rada jer jedva da im se tko suprotstavlja, to sam rekao prije četiri godine, a očito je da to treba ponavljati i danas. Ustaški režim nije nastao nikakvim referendumom i voljom naroda, nego je nametnut bajunetama na par kamiona natovarenih ustašama koji su proglasili svoju državu, i to voljom okupatora. Program koji su donijeli može se sažeti u jednu riječ: zločin," kazao je Mesić, dodavši da se istinu može potiskivati, ali će ona kad tad isplivati na vidjelo.
Milorad Pupovac kritizirao je nedavnu izjavu s "desne" političke opcije da je antifašizam bio moguć i bez partizana, upitavši prisutne mogu li zamisliti takvu neku izjavu u Italiji, gdje bi se tako minorizirala uloga tamošnjih partizana, ili u Francuskoj, kad bi pristalice višijevskog režima negirali antifašističku ulogu pokreta otpora.
Govoreći u ustanku u Hrvatskoj, Pupovac je kazao da je bilo i grešaka, ali i da je ustanak izazavan upravo teškim zločinima, nakon čega je, kazao je, dolazilo i do odmazde u afektu.
"U Hrvatskoj je tako nešto moguće, jer je tu posijano sjeme zla prije dosta godina, i ono sada pušta korijenje, jer uloženi napori da ga se iskorijeni očito nisu bili dovoljni, i to zapravo od prestanka mandata Stjepana Mesića," kazao je Pupovac.
Pupovac je rekao da s obzirom na prijetnje kojima su izloženi učesnici antifašističkih skupova u Srbu od strane zagovaratelja gubitničke strane u 2. svjetskom ratu predlaže da se već od sljedeće godine u Srbu organizira kamp za mlade antifašiste i to ne samo iz Hrvatske, već i šire regije.
I ove godine se, u organizaciji Autohtone hrvatske stranke prava predvođene njezini predsjednikom Draženom Kelemincem, u Srbu pojavila grupa od 50-tak prosvjednika, koje je velik broj policajaca držao na udaljenosti kako bi spriječili moguće incidente.
Ponavljanju svojih starih "teza" da se u Srbu 27. srpnja 1941. godine nije dogodio antifašizam, nego "srpsko-četnički ustanak protiv hrvatskog naroda, hrvatskih civila, hrvatske države", i prijetnjama Miloradu Pupovcu i svima kojima se "ne sviđa Hrvatska", Keleminec je ovaj puta Općini Gračac i Zadarskoj županiji javno predložio Donji Srb preimenuje u Hrvatski Srb.
Chris Foy and Adam Nunn will not officiate in the Premier League this weekend, the first round of fixtures since they disallowed a blatant goal for Tottenham Hotspur against Sunderland.
Foy will take charge of a Championship match, with Professional Game Match Officials insisting he had not been demoted for failing to spot Jan Vertonghen was inside his own half when the defender was flagged offside by Nunn before scoring towards the end of Spurs' 2-1 win nine days ago.
The decision at White Hart Lane was described as the worst of the season by many commentators, including former Premier League referees.
PGMOL does have a policy of removing officials from the spotlight if they have made a series of errors but it denied on Monday that had been the case with Foy.
Foy disallowed Vertonghen's strike after Nunn informed the 52-year-old that the defender had only one opposition player between him and the goal when the pass to him was delivered, with Sunderland goalkeeper Costel Pantilimon having came up from a corner.
The facilities in Bhopal are the first specifically for trans people in the country.
A dedicated public restroom for transgender people was inaugurated in Bhopal, India, today by Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan.
Mayor Alok Sharma said the facilities are only for kinnars, also known as hijras, who are often the victims of attacks and even kidnappings. Its the first bathroom for transgender people in the country, according to Amarujala. City counselors are also working on providing safe housing.
Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan inaugurated public toilets for transgender community in Bhopal pic.twitter.com/XUIFAVkE0S — ANI (@ANI) October 2, 2017
Today's event is part of a larger citywide celebration of Gandhi's birthday. (Bhopal held its first Pride celebration this past May.)
Third-gender people have been a part of Indian culture since antiquity but with British colonialism came persecution and marginalization. Many kinnar have no job prospects except for begging or sex work.
That's beginning to change: The Supreme Court recognized transgender as a distinct gender in 2014 and passed a trans rights bill the following year. More and more companies are drafting trans-friendly policies and actively looking to hire transgender employees—including tech businesses, police and taxi companies.
Mujeeb Faruqui/Hindustan Times via Getty Images
The 2011 census recorded half a million transgender people in India, but activists put the number closer to 2 million.
“The biggest challenge in India is the mindset. They connect transgender to people who beg on the streets, do sex work or sing at weddings,” Rashmi Vikram of Community Business told Reuters. “We still have a long way to go. A lot more work needs to be done.”
Deportes
Redacción SDPnoticias.com mié 03 jun 2015 21:54
Foto propiedad de:
Según los medios italianos, los Tuzos de Pachuca estarían interesados en la contratación de Samuel Eto'o.
Desde la llegada de Ronaldinho a los Gallos Blancos del Querétaro, varios clubes mexicanos han sido vinculados con fichajes de estrellas de talla mundial en el ocaso de sus carrera y en esta ocasión son los Tuzos del Pachuca quienes medios italianos aseguran estarían interesados en la contratación de Samuel Eto?o.
El delantero camerunés, que en sus mejores años con el Barcelona e incluso con el Inter de Milán, milita actualmente en la Sampdoria tras su paso por el Everton, de donde llegó procedente Chelsea que lo regresó del exilio en el que se encontraba con el Anzhi de Rusia, estaría en pláticas con los hidalguenses según Calciomercato. Eto?o actualmente milita en la Sampdoria de la Seria A pero no parece contento con su estadía en el equipo italiano.
BIRMINGHAM – The Senate Campaign of Democrat Doug Jones received a much-needed boost in Alabama today as Jim, an insurance agent in Birmingham, became the eighth white voter in the Yellowhammer State to declare his support for the former prosecutor.
“Yeah, Roy Moore is just kind of a creepo,” said Jim, scratching his head. The Doug Jones Campaign is now studying him to see how they can keep their momentum going.
“We were really struggling to get past the sixth voter, the old ‘sinners sixth' as it were,” said Doug Jones campaign spokesman Sebastian Kitchen. “Eight is just unprecedented. What's next?!”
The Roy Moore campaign did not respond for comment, and rumors that they had secured their first black voter could not be confirmed.
The race is currently too close to call, with polls generating leads for both candidates.
“There are a lot of promising statistics heading into this election,” said Kitchen. “Consider that 62.5% of Doug's white supporters say they know him personally and see him every day – he's really family to these voters!”
Others were focused on the little things.
“This Derrick Jones guy has a lot going for him,” said Jim. “I like that he's not a pedophile.”
FiveThirtyNate contributed to this report. They can be reached at theflatearthtimes@gmail.com
Follow us!
Like us!
Like this: Like Loading...
Honolulu's rail project is running out of money, and rail leaders want to put $350 million on the city's “credit card” to fund the project into next year.
Board members of the Honolulu Authority for Rapid Transit (HART) are asking for $350 million in the form of general obligation bonds, which would be borrowed from Merrill Lynch, to help cover project expenses until next year.
Robert Yu, Chief Financial Officer at HART, says the rail project could run out of money by August 2017, which is why rail leaders are asking for the additional line of credit.
Not only that, HART plans to ask for $350 million in additional general obligation bonds every year for the next six years to keep the project moving forward to Ala Moana.
At the HART board meeting on May 18th, 2017, board member Ford Fuchigami asked Robert Yu: “So you plan to do back-to-back issuances at least in the next two years?”
Robert Yu answered, “Yes sir. Probably, we'll be doing that until 2024, 2025.”
Yu explained that this could total up to $2 billion in additional debt.
“That's close to doubling what the city's debt service is,” said Yu.
He added, “It may affect the city's credit rating.”
The vote Wednesday, July 12, by the Honolulu City Council on Resolution 17-173 marked the first time the rail project attempted to borrow money in the form of general obligation bonds.
Previously, the rail project borrowed $80 million in the form of commercial papers. A portion of the $350 million in general obligation bonds will go towards paying off the $80 million in commercial paper debt that needs to be paid back.
This is similar to opening a new credit card account to pay off another.
“Floating bonds is borrowing money,” said Honolulu City Councilwoman Ann Kobayashi, “It's such a dangerous situation when we borrow money for rail, and then ask our constituents to co-sign that loan, and that's what worries me.”
In addition, the city would need to pay millions of dollars for the interest that will be incurred from all the additional debt. And if the city's credit rating takes a hit because of all the borrowing, this could dig the city even deeper as interest rates on the loans go up.
Much of this risky financial behavior was triggered by the Federal Transit Administration (FTA) not releasing to HART the balance of a $1.5 billion grant that it agreed to give the city to help build the rail. The FTA has said it would withhold the remaining $743 million until the city submits a recovery plan describing how it will complete the rail in accordance with its grant agreement.
The lack of funds and cash-flow problems have left borrowing as the only way to continue the project.
The rail project is in such dire straits financially that the entire project could have been stopped by a single swing vote against the $350 million bond issuance as recently as Wednesday, July 12.
If the Honolulu Council voted against the line of credit, the project would not have a fully funded recovery plan for the Federal Transit Administration, which could theoretically lead to the FTA pulling out from the project.
The fact that the rail project is hanging by a thread is a clear indication that rail leaders need to take a step back and reevaluate the situation before co-signing on a series of mega-loans with Oahu taxpayers.
Now probably is the perfect time to conduct a forensic audit of the Honolulu rail project, to see how its financial condition came to be in this dire situation. To sign the petition calling for such an audit, go to AuditTheRail.com.
by Paul Kennedy @pkedit, Nov 27, 2015
One of the standouts in the MLS playoffs has been, who has helped the Portland Timbers move to within one game of their first MLS Cup appearance with a 3-1 win over FC Dallas in the first leg of the Western Conference final.Between the conference semifinals and final, Nagbe made his U.S. debut, coming on as a sub in the 6-1 win over St. Vincent & the Grenadines and 0-0 tie at Trinidad & Tobago. Nagbe, the son of former Liberian international, had a long wait as he applied for U.S. citizenship, butsaid the national team was waiting for him as well.In an interview with USSoccer.com wrapping up the recent two-game series, Klinsmann said he liked Nagbe's multi-faceted game.“We found a player that is really good handling the ball in both directions," he said. "He is responsible defensively, to always go behind the ball and to defend, and help out. When we go forward, he knows when to pass, when to dribble, when to keep things racing forward, and also when to take some risks in a certain moment. He has a change of pace in one-on-one situations when he goes at defensive midfielders. He has the confidence to get past them and to get closer to the box. Darlington is a real nice option now going forward. He had to wait a long time, and we've been waiting for him as well, but it's a great fit and we are glad to have him on board.”Nagbe was one of several players who made their U.S. debuts in 2015 or came into their own as national team regulars., who had made only two starts before 2015, andwho debuted in January, led the USA with 19 appearances. Klinsmann said the most important part is the learning curve for the two players."Everybody can see that they are maturing," he said. "Everybody can see that they are growing and becoming senior players. This is what this path is about, bringing younger players, give them time and give them moments where they don't perform or have a bad game and carry them through. Teach them during this path and what they have to improve and hopefully see the benefit later on. At the end of 2015, we saw a lot of good answers from Gyasi Zardes and DeAndre Yedlin, and I'm sure we will see even more good stuff in the upcoming year.”played just 165 minutes off the bench with no starts in 2014 and was invisible in his first start in 2015 against Chile. But he finished with four goals in his last eight games, including the winning goals against the Netherlands, Germany and SVG and the tying goal in overtime of the Concacaf Cup against Mexico."He developed more personality, more confidence," Klinsmann said of Wood. "For a striker, confidence is always connected to scoring goals. After the first couple of games came the moment when he came on the field against Holland and in the last minute scored the winning goal for us, which was huge, not because you beat Holland in their own country, but it was huge for him that he started to believe in himself. A couple days later, he scores the winning goal against Germany in Germany where he plays, which is another big confidence-booster. He's becoming used to the pressure, the expectations of scoring. The expectations for a forward are to score, not every game, but try to score every second game or at the very least every third game. This is his learning curve now and hopefully he keeps learning, keeps improving, keeps helping us and keep on going through that transition of a World Cup cycle between the two World Cups.”
NBC News has fired a producer who was involved in the production of a misleading segment about the Trayvon Martin case in Florida.
The person was fired on Thursday, according to two people with direct knowledge of the disciplinary action who declined to be identified discussing internal company matters. They also declined to name the fired producer. A spokeswoman for NBC News declined to comment.
The action came in the wake of an internal investigation by NBC News into the production of the segment, which strung together audio clips in such a way that made George Zimmerman's shooting of Mr. Martin sound racially motivated. Ever since the Feb. 26 shooting, there has been a continuing debate about whether race was a factor in the incident.
The segment in question was shown on the “Today” show on March 27. It included audio of Mr. Zimmerman saying, “This guy looks like he's up to no good. He looks black.”
But Mr. Zimmerman's comments had been taken grossly out of context by NBC. On the phone with a 911 dispatcher, he actually said of Mr. Martin, “This guy looks like he's up to no good. Or he's on drugs or something. It's raining and he's just walking around, looking about.” Then the dispatcher asked, “O.K., and this guy — is he white, black or Hispanic?” Only then did Mr. Zimmerman say, “He looks black.”
The editing of the segment was initially noticed by NewsBusters, an arm of the Media Research Center, a conservative media monitoring group. On March 31, NBC told The Washington Post that it would investigate.
Inside NBC, there was shock that the segment had been broadcast. Citing an anonymous network executive, Reuters reported that “the ‘Today' show's editorial control policies — which include a script editor, senior producer oversight and in most cases legal and standards department reviews of material to be broadcast — missed the selective editing of the call.”
On April 4, the network news division said in a statement that it deeply regretted the “error made in the production process.”
“We will be taking the necessary steps to prevent this from happening in the future and apologize to our viewers,” the network said.
It did not specify what steps it would take. But one day later it dismissed a Miami-based producer who had worked at NBC for several years.
The people with direct knowledge of the firing characterized the misleading edit as a mistake, not a purposeful act.
Apple's HomePod firmware is the gift that keeps on giving. The next iPhone's screen design and face unlock / virtual home button features were previously revealed in the HomePod firmware, and now references to a new Apple TV have been spotted. iOS developer Guilherme Rambo‏ has discovered hints at a 4K Apple TV, complete with high dynamic range (HDR) support for both HDR10 and Dolby Vision. Apple's existing TV set-top box doesn't support 4K, and we've been waiting for the company to adopt the ultra high-definition format.
Rumors of a new Apple TV with 4K and HDR have existed for months. Bloomberg first reported back in February that Apple is planning to support 4K content with “more vivid colors.” HDR support in any upcoming Apple TV will be key, and HDR is often a lot more impressive than just a simple resolution bump for movies and TV shows. Netflix and Amazon both support HDR and 4K video, and even Google Play started streaming in 4K and HDR recently.
iTunes also started listing movies as supporting 4K and HDR in users' purchase histories last month, fueling more speculation that a 4K Apple TV is on the way. With the iOS code powering Apple's new speaker now referencing a 4K Apple TV, it looks all but certain that the company will refresh its TV hardware soon.
Jan 7, 2017; Houston, TX, USA; Rice Owls forward Marquez Letcher-Ellis (12) pulls down a rebound against the UAB Blazers during the first half at Tudor Fieldhouse. Mandatory Credit: Erik Williams-USA TODAY Sports
Nevada, coming off their first NCAA Tournament appearance since 2007, has landed two mid-value forwards on the transfer market.
Although it was obvious Nevada would need to replace senior guards Marcus Marshall and D.J. Fenner, their front court lost a huge piece in Cameron Oliver. Oliver, who declared for the NBA Draft, was second in both points and rebounds for the Wolf Pack.
Eric Musselman, Nevada's head coach, quickly made moves to replace Oliver by signing two athletic forwards from the transfer market.
The first player to sign with Nevada is former Rice forward Marquez Letcher-Ellis. Letcher-Ellis is an athletic, 6'7” forward, who can stretch the floor and defend the wing. Last season with Rice, he averaged .470 from the floor and .345 from deep with 4.9 rebounds and 1.0 blocks.
We're very happy to announce the addition of Marquez to the program. Welcome to the team!#BattleBorn #TheHunt pic.twitter.com/dearDSNXc0 — Nevada Basketball (@NevadaHoops) April 28, 2017
Letcher-Ellis' weaknesses are his free-throw ability and the number of fouls he commits. Last season, Letcher-Ellis improved his free-throw percentage to .661. He also committed 3.1 fouls per game in just 19.1 minutes. These should be the two areas of focus for Letcher-Ellis, who must take a year off per NCAA transfer rules.
Letcher-Ellis is not the perfect replacement for Oliver, but he can provide a spark off the bench. After sitting for 2017-2018, he will have two years of eligibility, providing Nevada with a decent, athletic scoring-wing.
The second player to sign with the Wolf Pack is former Omaha forward Tre'Shawn Thurman. Thurman is a better replacement of Oliver, averaging 13.8 points and 7.8 rebounds for the Mavericks this past season. Thurman's 230-pound frame allows him to fight through contact for layups and rebounds.
Thurman, like Letcher-Ellis, must sit out one season and will have one year left on his eligibility after that.
Coach Musselman will not have these two forwards at his disposal for the 2017-2018 season. After that, however, Nevada will have one of the stronger frontcourts in the Mountain West.
USTR Gives MPAA Full Online Access To TPP Text, But Still Won't Share With Senate Staffers
from the transparency? dept
Wyden: What I've learned is that when trade agreements are negotiated, industry advisors sit in a far stronger position than virtually everyone in the Congress. For example, an industry advisor from the Motion Picture Association can sit at their desk with a laptop, enter their username and password, and see the negotiating text of a proposed trade agreement. Virtually no one in the Congress has the ability to do that. How is that right?
Kirk: Well, Senator, I want to make it plain, that it's not just industry, but it's all of the members of our trade advisory commissions which are established by this Congress, and they're cleared advisors, they have security clearance and they represent a broad range of interests from both industry and environmental groups, business groups.... Every member of Congress, any member of Congress, that wants to see the text of a trade agreement we're negotiating has the ability to do so, as long as we're doing so in a secure environment that's private, so I would only offer that one clarification that any elected official in this body has the ability to see the same text as any of those cleared advisors.
US Trade Representative (USTR) Ron Kirk continues to insult the intelligence of the Senate. During a recent hearing Senate hearing at which Kirk appeared, Senator Ron Wyden once again quizzed Kirk about the lack of transparency the USTR has (video link, key point starts around 89 minutes and 30 seconds) regarding the Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP) agreement. Except, this time, Wyden went one step further. He pointed out that while many in Congress have no real access to the document, special interest company representatives are given special logins to the USTR's site, allowing them. We've pointed out many times before that Kirk seems to have given himself over entirely to the special interests, and this kind of access only shows how true that is. But where Kirk returns to being a disingenuous apologist for these special interests is to argue that this is no big deal because anyone in Congress can see the document too.Kirk's answer is insulting in how misleading it is. He chooses his words very carefully, so let's break this down to expose why Wyden is concerned, and why Kirk's answer is no answer at all. Remember, folks on the MPAA and other "industry advisors" (of which there are no internet company representatives) have a direct login, so they can access the latest negotiating docs wherever they'd like. Kirk's response, in which he claims that any member of Congress can see the same text is technically true, but it isthe same level of access. What Kirk meant is that any member of Congress canby themselves and be shown a copy of the negotiating text on a so-called "read and retain basis." That means: no notes, no copies, no staff -- even staff that have all the necessary "security clearance" as Senator Wyden himself found out when he had a trade expert on his staff obtain the necessary security clearance, only to find that the USTR denied him access to the documents.So, let's compare: the MPAA and other industry groups can log into a website at their own convenience. They are even allowed to (with certain limitations) share parts of the text with others, supposedly for the sake of getting an "analysis" of what the text means. But when a Senator ---- wants to take a look at the same document, he has to go to a "private room" where he will be shown the document, but not allowed to make copies, take notes or bring along his own staff expert on the matter.Who does it sound like Ron Kirk is listening to more in this case? The MPAA? Or the Senator who's supposed to have oversight concerning the agreement. I tend to think the word "corrupt" is thrown around too easily, but at this point, is there any way to look at this situation and not judge it to be a case of massive corruption?
Filed Under: ron kirk, ron wyden, tpp, transparency, ustr
Companies: mpaa
Opposition BJP on Monday supported demand for reservation of 80 per cent of seats to Bihar natives in state jobs and admission in state-run professional colleges, while hitting out at Chief Minister Nitish Kumar and RJD chief Lalu Prasad for only making “statements” for political gain.
Advertising
“BJP is in favour of reservation of 80 per cent of seats in professional institutions and state jobs as mooted by RJD President Lalu Prasad and in principle supported by CM Nitish Kumar,” senior BJP leader Sushil Kumar Modi told reporters, in his Legislative Council chamber, “But, it seems both Nitish Kumar and Lalu Prasad are more interested in making statements in this regard for political grounds but not doing anything concrete on the ground.”
BJP state President and MLC Mangal Pandey and Rajneesh Kumar on Monday raised the issue in the Legislative Council. In reply to a question that the CM has asked the Centre to intervene on the issue of domicialry allegedly erupting in different parts of the country, Modi, leader of opposition in the state's Upper House, said, “The Centre has no role in such issues.”
Referring to Lalu Prasad's allegations that outside candidates were getting selected in interviews for the post of Assistant Professor conducted by Bihar Public Service Commission (BPSC) due to lack of domiciliary policy, the BJP leader said the state government was to blame for this.
“Despite clear-cut guidelines from the Centre that candidates having done PhD before 2009 are eligible for interview for the post of Assistant Professor, the Nitish Kumar government has not put it into practice,” he said.
State Education minister Ashok Choudhary had in fact assured the Legislative Council that PhDs completed before 2009 would be recognised in BPSC exam in the Budget session early this year, but still it had not come into practise and BPSC was carrying interviews in which 80 per cent of successful candidates were outsiders, he said.
“More than 34,000 students of Bihar have their PhD before 2009 who are at loss because of Bihar government's apathy,” he alleged.
“Moreover, Lalu Prasad, who is now demanding 80 per cent reservation for Biharis had got students who have done their PhD before 2009 seeking his intervention, chased away from his house recently,” Modi alleged.
Advertising
The former deputy chief minister asked the state government to stop the ongoing BPSC interview and follow the guideline recognising candidates who have done their PhDs before 2009.
Dainius Zubrus is a banger, creating havoc on the ice to open up space for Devils linemates Jaromir Jagr and Travis Zajac.
So it might seem incongruous to picture the 6-foot-5, 225-pound winger gently dropping the needle on a vinyl Miles Davis LP he has just carefully removed from its cover, and then relaxing in front of the fireplace to the sounds of classic jazz before dinner.
But that is Zubrus, whose love for music began when he was a pre-teen growing up in Lithuania listening to a cheap, plastic Russian-made cassette player, and continues today as an avid vinyl record collector with a state-of-the-art home stereo system.
It should come as no surprise that the 35-year-old veteran provides the soundtrack in the Devils' dressing room with his iPod. His music sets the mood, the role of dressing room DJ starting soon after he joined the Devils.
"In Philly, at the start of my career, I was way too young to even go near the stereo there," Zubrus reflected. "Montreal was kind of the same. I don't remember who was playing the music there.
"In Washington, we had a pretty young team, so a bunch of guys would rotate their iPods. But here, I don't think anybody was really doing it much.
"When we were in the gym working out, we had country music playing. That doesn't get me very pumped up, so I asked if it was okay for me to bring my iPod. Of course some guys liked it and some guys didn't. You can't please everybody. I don't even try."
The room does not lack critics.
"It's been all right. It's been steady this year," goalie Martin Brodeur said of Zubrus' song selections. "He hasn't come up with too many bad ones — so far."
Admittedly, his playlists lack country, a staple of many NHL dressing rooms.
"Nothing wrong with it. Some of it I don't even mind it," Zubrus said. "And I understand why guys like it. They grew up with it. If I put on music that I grew up with, they'd say, ‘What the heck is this?' They'd walk out of the room."
Zubrus has a few playlists, ranging from more contemporary dance tunes to '80s and '90s rock — think Guns N' Roses, AC/DC and Metallica — and numbering between 50 and 100 songs each.
"A lot of times I put it on shuffle and whatever plays, plays," he said. "If guys don't like it they just fast forward."
CASSETTES START IT
Zubrus first developed his love for music as an 8-year-old, growing up in Lithuania. At the time, it was 1986 and his home country was four years from declaring independence from the Soviet Union.
"My mom bought this Russian-made piece of plastic with a cassette tape in it. I learned how to record off the radio and I started making my own mixes for my dad," he recalled. "It was rare at that time that he had a cassette player in his car (a Lada). There were a few tapes that he played over and over. Years later, when we got together, I found those tapes. It was Italian music, a lot of Al Bano with Romina Power.
"When I went to Ukraine to play hockey when I was 12 in 1990, my mom let me bring that cassette player with me. So I had it there. I was living with the billets (family that takes in hockey players) doing the same thing."
It was, in fact, a Bon Jovi album that helped Zubrus learn English, much the way former Devils winger Jan Ludvig, a Czech, learned it by listening to Bob Dylan records.
"Once I started coming to the States, I was living with a family and they gave me a cassette of Bon Jovi's "New Jersey" album," Zubrus remembered. "It was a real cassette that you buy at the store, so it had a piece of paper inside with all the songs listed.
"That was a big part of how I started learning English better because I loved the music. I started getting curious. I picked up a dictionary and tried to translate and understand the words and what he was singing about. I'm sure I tried to sing in the shower when nobody was listening."
Zubrus has listened to music in all formats — cassettes, CDs, mini-discs and mp3s. Vinyl has become his latest passion.
"I was always kind of curious because I would read and people talked about how good the sound is," he explained. "I wanted to try it, but I was a little bit scared because I didn't know enough about how to set up a turntable and how to take care of the cartridges (needles)."
That changed on a visit back to Lithuania, when an architect named Alvydas Seibokas invited Zubrus to his office in Vilnius to see a collection of vinyl that numbers between 700 and 800.
"He's an older guy, so he had Frank Zappa records," Zubrus said. "We started playing U2, things more from my generation, and I thought, ‘I can't believe I haven't done this yet.' I love how vinyl kind of slows things down. You're not clicking a remote from one song to another. You're sort of forced to listen to the whole album, and I like that."
His music collection includes 400 to 500 CDs and 150 vinyl LPs and 45s, a decent number since he started collecting vinyl less than two years ago.
"I like going back and listening to Bon Jovi or U2. Last summer I went to a Depeche Mode concert and that kind of got me back into listening to them again. I have all of theirs on vinyl. My wife likes music as well," Zubrus said. "I like new music a lot. Lorde's whole album is awesome. I have it on vinyl, as well as Arcade Fire's ‘Reflektor.' "
His first vinyl purchase was the limited edition of U2's "Achtung Baby." His favorite is Metallica's "S&M" with the San Francisco Symphony Orchestra limited edition on 45.
"It's still sealed and I'm going to keep it that way," Zubrus was quick to point out.
Zubrus has made suggestions for the pregame music played at Prudential Center.
"I asked them to play something a little more upbeat," he said. "Don't get me wrong, I like ‘Welcome to the Jungle,' but I've been hearing it for 15 years now. You need newer stuff. You go on the road and hear stuff. I think most guys hear it. They give me little jabs. They'll say, ‘The DJ in this town is better than you, Zubie.' Which is fine."
Begrudgingly, most like his music.
"It's not bad. He's got that European input," forward Patrik Elias said.
One influence Zubrus hasn't introduced into the Devils' dressing room? Jazz. Perhaps that's because Zubrus is still exploring the genre.
"I've never been that big on jazz but I'm trying to introduce myself," Zubrus said. "Of course Miles Davis and John Coltrane's ‘Blue Train.' And I have a Sonny Rollins. It's not Coldplay. I have all the Coldplays, but it's not Coldplay.
"I'm still not at the stage where I can't wait to listen to it. But I like to throw some wood in my fireplace, throw on a little jazz and get ready for dinner."
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It was compared to a stack of Ferrero Rocher and prompted ridicule when it was a third of its promised height.
But now it can be revealed Cardiff's artificial Christmas tree may not see the light of day again.
The decoration, which was unveiled last November to derision after it was unveiled to be 40ft tall rather than the promised 40m, cost Cardiff council £10,000 a year for three years.
That deal, struck with Lancashire-based private company MK Illumination, was criticised by some who said the council should have invested in a real and locally-sourced tree.
There were also red faces when the tree – which had been promoted before its installation as being 40m tall, or higher than the statue of Christ the Redeemer in Rio de Janeiro – was instead just 40ft.
Officers had ordered a tree with 'an exclusive design'
Documents released under freedom of information laws show a Cardiff council officer filled in a pre-tender report in which it was written that a 40m “bespoke Christmas tree...in an exclusive design” had been ordered.
However responses from MK Illumination show the tree was only going to be 12m (39ft) high.
But after a number of negative responses to the decoration's unveiling, Cardiff council now says it is investigating bringing back a real tree from this year.
(Image: Jon Candy/Flickr)
A spokesman for the authority said: “Since the publicity around Cardiff's artificial Christmas tree the city council has received several offers from potential sponsors to cover the full costs of a real Christmas tree for 2017.
“The city council is contracted to MK Illumination for a further two years and has begun negotiations to swap out the artificial tree for other illuminations which could be used around the castle, like the reindeer lights.
“It is worth pointing out that the city council's Christmas offer – including the Christmas market, Winter Wonderland, the tree, festive lights, and decorations across the city centre – was delivered by the council at a net cost to the taxpayer of circa £18,000 in 2016.
“This is down from £220,000 which was spent in 2011, highlighting how the city council is working to deliver value for money for the taxpayer.
This was the other option for last year's Christmas tree
“We would like to make clear that all decisions made on festive decorations were made by council officers. Politicians are not involved in any of the decisions.
“An internal error meant the artificial tree in Castle Street last Christmas was advertised as being 40m tall but when a contract was agreed with supplier MK Illumination it was only ever for a structure that was 10m tree on a 2m base (or just under 40ft) tall and this is what was paid for.”
The documents released also show a number of other proposals for the decorations outside Cardiff castle, including one which consists of a giant cone complete with only a few – but huge – baubles.
Get it now on Google Play
What is Word Hunter : Word Hunter is a skill based puzzle game. It's a mix up between Boggle and Bejeweled. You form words by linking the letters on the board, they disappear and new words come falling from the top!
Why Word Hunter : I am a fan of word games such as Ruzzle (Boggle), Angry Words (Scrabble) and I wanted to do a mix up between this kind of game and Tetris, the game evolved and the Tetris gameplay was replaced by something more similar to a bejeweled game (such as Candy Crush Saga).
Why you should play it :
It's Free * (with some ads ^^ but they don't show up during the play session, only during the menus).
* (with some ads ^^ but they don't show up during the play session, only during the menus). Skill based : I have tried to make it as a purely skill based game. Having an extensive vocabulary will be useful but you will also need to be fast and think on your feet! There are of course some luck involved in the letters generation (no two boards are the same!) but it should remain minimal.
: I have tried to make it as a purely skill based game. Having an extensive vocabulary will be useful but you will also need to be fast and think on your feet! There are of course some luck involved in the letters generation (no two boards are the same!) but it should remain minimal. No IAP : No way to cheat your way to the top. As I said, it's skill based.
: No way to cheat your way to the top. As I said, it's skill based. Variety : All kinds of specials letters will make their appearance during the game and spice up your play sessions
: All kinds of specials letters will make their appearance during the game and spice up your play sessions Depth : While the game is quite simple to pick up there is quite some depth to it. You can try to strategically alter the board to put the letters in a situation that suits you best and there are many ways to use the special letters (even the ones that are supposed to make things difficult for you) to help you.
If you enjoy word games, you should love it! :)
Fire letters Blocked squares
When will it be available :
Android : It's already available :)
IOS : it's available under a different name :
If you like Word Hunter, you can follow me on Twitter (Follow @upandcrawling) and/or the game on IndieDB for updates
Advertisements
Roma fight Inter for Schick
By Football Italia staff
Roma are trying to convince Patrik Schick to accept a move, while Inter ask the Sampdoria striker to stall until funds can be cleared.
Sky Sport Italia claims the duel for the Czech Republic international hitman Schick is hotting up and now genuinely between just two clubs.
It's reported this evening that Samp have agreed terms with Roma for a loan worth €5m and option to buy taking the whole figure to around €38m.
However, the player continues to prefer Inter, so the Giallorossi are bringing out the big guns to talk him into a Capital switch.
Coach Eusebio Di Francesco and Roma icon Francesco Totti both spoke to Schick on the phone.
At the same time, Inter directors were having dinner with Schick's representatives and urging them to stall any transfer.
They hope to raise the necessary funds by selling someone before the transfer deadline, most likely Marcelo Brozovic or Cristian Ansaldi.
Meanwhile, Samp are finally ready to sell, having chosen Duvan Zapata from Napoli as Schick's replacement.
LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - A U.S. federal judge on Friday ordered the government to swiftly release immigrant children held at detention centers, affirming a July ruling that said some minors who crossed the border illegally were being detained in violation of a long-standing settlement.
The ruling by U.S. District Judge Dolly Gee in Los Angeles gave the administration of President Barack Obama until Oct. 23 to comply with her order to release hundreds of unauthorized immigrant children, and in some cases their mothers, “without unnecessary delay.”
Gee's ruling comes amid debate by U.S. presidential candidates over illegal immigration and follows an influx of immigrants from Central America across the U.S.-Mexico border.
Last year, more than 68,000 children traveling without a parent entered the country. The federal government has held unaccompanied children, or children caught with a parent, in special facilities.
The federal government has also taken steps to release unaccompanied immigrant children from border detention centers, often to a family member living in the United States.
Last month, Gee ruled the Department of Homeland Security was keeping children at detention centers in violation of a 1997 class-action settlement that said juveniles under the age of 18 cannot be held for more than 72 hours.
If a parent was caught with his or her child, authorities could justify keeping the adult in custody if the person is a “significant flight risk” or poses a safety concern, the ruling said.
The ruling was seen as a defeat for U.S. immigration authorities, who in court filings argued releasing undocumented immigrant children encourages families in Central America to undertake the dangerous journey north.
U.S. officials are holding 1,400 parents and children at three centers, according to the Los Angeles Times.
Gee called conditions a family detention centers - two in Texas, one in Pennsylvania - “deplorable” and said in some cases children were kept in crowded rooms for days without places to sleep.
The government said last month it was “disappointed” with the decision and was efforting to move children and their mothers through family immigration detention centers as quickly as possible.
The government is expected to appeal Friday's ruling. The agency could not be immediately reached for comment.
For every Kate, Naomi, Gisele, and Karlie in the modeling industry, there are hundreds of other anonymous beautiful faces—working-class models, if you will, who make comfortable livings shrouded behind relative anonymity. Many of them walk runway shows, some of them shoot catalogs, others work for brands as fit models, and some will earn their income by posing for stock-image photos—staged action, or mood shots commissioned by photo agencies that are later sold to publications and advertisers to illustrate their message or sell their product.
Meet the woman the Internet has dubbed the Overexposed Model.
She's been spotted in health-care campaigns in Peru, selling Jamba Juice in the U.S., on Amway race posters in the Philippines, on Sea Air's website, as the face of radio stations in Germany, and in countless magazines around the world. There's even an entire Tumblr devoted to sightings—in apps, on billboards, on websites everywhere.
"I began noticing her in ads here in Singapore in February 2012, and told my wife that," writes Metafilter user The Cydonian. "At first she didn't believe me—she thought I was having an Asian people moment or something—but over the span of an evening, I convinced her as well."
"You see, she is on ads in Every. Single. Mall. On. Every. Single. Floor. along Telok Blangah / Alexandra Roads here," he writes. "Every MRT station between Rafflles Place and Bouna Vista on the green line has her image. University of London and Nanyang Technological University have her on their ads or websites; she's on Prometric's site, on posters for Canon, Swiss Bake, HDB and some sugar substitute whose name I forget. I'm on the MRT now, and I have already seen her photo twice in the last 10 minutes."
She's one of the most ubiquitous models in the world and no one really knows anything about her—not even her full name!
When blogger an2netluv wrote a long post about seeing her everywhere a couple of months ago, a few shreds of information started to come to light.
Turns out Esquire Philippines had done a short profile on her in the late spring—but even though they interviewed her by email, she refused to disclose her surname. All we know about her is that her first name is Ariane, her father is French-Canadian and her mother is Chinese, and she is one of the most popular stock-image models working today.
Over the past year, due to popular demand, Ariane has set up an official Facebook fan page, where she explains:
I'm Ariane, a mixed-race Chinese/Canadian model working in the stock photography industry.
My pictures can be seen daily everywhere on everything from book covers to TV ads to movie posters. I have been featured in ads for brands such as Canon, Dell, Sony, Kellogg's...and many, many more.
Feel free to post snapshots of what you come across, as I can't see all the ads with me in, and I would love to get to see what's done around the world :) —Ariane
If you are building concurrent applications, server-side programs, or high-performance applications, you will benefit from this language. This book comes with a lot of application-specific recipes to kick-start your development of real-world high-performance applications with the Rust programming language and integrating Rust units into your existing applications. In this book, you will find some 80 practical recipes written in Rust that will allow you to use the code samples right away in your existing applications. These recipes have been tested with stable rust compiler versions of 1.14.0 and above.
This book will help you understand the core concepts of the Rust language, enabling you to develop efficient and high-performance applications by incorporating features such as zero cost abstraction and better memory management.
We'll delve into advanced-level concepts such as error handling, macros, crates, and parallelism in Rust. Toward the end of the book, you will learn how to create HTTP servers and web services, building strong foundational knowledge in server-side programming and enabling you to deliver solutions to build high-performance and safer production-level web applications and services using Rust.
At long last, marriage equality is coming to Hawaii.
The state's legislature just approved marriage equality legislation and Hawaii Governor Neil Abercrombie is expected to sign it into law. Gay and lesbian couples will be able to get married in the state starting December 2.
This is the third state in two months—and sixth state this year—to recognize the freedom to marry for all. Last week, the Illinois Legislature approved marriage equality legislation. Starting last month, gay and lesbian couples are able to get married in New Jersey. The State Supreme Court ruled that “Same-sex couples who cannot marry are not treated equally under the law today. The harm to them is real, not abstract or speculative.”
The vote puts an end to a long and twisting path for marriage equality in the Aloha State. In the 1990s, Hawaii could have been the first state that recognized the right to marry for gay and lesbian couples. During a lengthy court case, voters in 1998 passed a constitutional amendment that gave the authority to define marriage to the legislature, which passed a ban that year.
With today's vote, however, the Hawaii Legislature has demonstrated that all couples should have the freedom to marry.
Article by Syracuse.com's Samantha House and James T. Mulder
SYRACUSE, N.Y. -- The Syracuse Rescue Mission staff tried to keep track of the flood of people overdosing near the Syracuse shelter Wednesday.
But after 15 overdoses, the shelter started to lose count, a mission official said.
A surge of overdoses struck Syracuse on Wednesday, inundating emergency responders and emergency rooms with a rash of drug-sick patients, according to hospital officials and emergency responders. The culprit was synthetic marijuana -- a drug better known as "spike," they said.
There were so many overdoses that American Medical Response sent out seven extra ambulances to deal with the deluge of calls, an AMR official said.
In one day, Syracuse hospitals told syracuse.com | The Post-Standard they treated 18 overdoses:
Upstate University Hospital: 11
Crouse Hospital: 6
St. Joseph's Hospital Health Center: 1
Typically, the hospitals reported they could go a week without seeing any synthetic drug overdoses.
At least one hospital reported seeing more overdoses on Thursday.
Many of the overdose calls on Wednesday happened near the Rescue Mission's Dickerson Street campus.
The shelter typically deals with one or two spike users a month, said Corey Kociela, the Rescue Mission's chief operations officer. On Wednesday, he said there were about 15 to 20 people who overdosed on the synthetic drug.
"It was pretty significant yesterday, more than I've seen," Kociela said.
Many of the sickened users weren't even Rescue Mission clients, Kociela said. They appeared to overdose while passing through the campus -- which Kociela said is targeted by drug dealers who prey on the shelter's vulnerable clients.
Most of the people who overdosed were "spaced out" and walking like zombies, Kociela said. One man thrashed violently on the ground, he said.
'Human spider,' traffic boxer: Crackdown on synthetic pot, the worst epidemic since bath salts
The batch of the drug responsible for the overdoses is going by the street moniker "Dopey."
Troy Hogue, regional director of American Medical Response, said "Dopey" is a new version of synthetic marijuana.
Many of the people who overdosed Thursday were in the Dickerson Street area, Hogue said. Some were combative, some unconscious and others had seizures, breathing problems, increased heart rates and memory issues, he said.
"No two cases are exactly alike," Hogue said.
Crouse Hospital's emergency room, which normally sees one or two synthetic drug overdoses a week, received six cases Wednesday from the Rescue Mission, said Bob Allen, a hospital vice president.
Syracuse police were dispatched to 15 overdose calls in 24 hours, said Sgt. Richard Helterline, a police spokesman. In some cases, multiple people called about a single overdose. In others, police could not find patients when they arrived on scene.
This is not the first time the city has had a problem with synthetic drugs.
Syracuse experienced a surge of synthetic drug overdoses in 2012 and 2015. Users became violent after abusing the drug known as "bath salts" in 2012. In 2015, officers encountered spike users who were foaming at the mouth or tried to box with cars.
Dr. Ross Sullivan, an emergency medicine doctor and toxicologist at Upstate, said synthetic drugs never went away, even though they have not been receiving as much attention in the news media.
"Users got smarter with their doses and brands, and manufacturers changed their formulations," he said.
When people start overdosing, it can be a sign there's a new batch of synthetic drugs with a different potency circulating in the community, he said. Synthetic drugs are often sold now on the street as single cigarettes for $1 or $2 each, he said.
Sullivan said it's too soon to know if this is an isolated situation or the beginning of another sustained wave of synthetic drug overdoses like Central New York saw in 2015 and 2012.
Upstate University Hospital saw another three or four more suspected synthetic drugs overdoses cases today, according to Sullivan.
"It's worrisome," he said.
The Rescue Mission staff is also worried about the string of synthetic marijuana overdoses. Kocielo said staff will continue to push drugs away from the shelter.
"We're just concerned for the people we serve, and we're doing as much as possible to keep the drug dealers away," he said. "We know it's a community problem, and we're in it with everyone."
Synthetic marijuana stats rank Onondaga County undisputed Upstate king
A JURY HAS convicted a man of a sex attack on a woman during a date arranged through the Tinder dating app.
The woman told the trial of the 36-year-old Dublin man that she thought he was taking her for a coffee when he picked her up in his car. She said the man drove her to a secluded field on UCD campus and his demeanour changed completely and he became like “a monster”.
She said he attacked her and she was in fear of her life and thought the man was going to rape her.
The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, had pleaded not guilty at Dublin Circuit Criminal Court to sexually assaulting the woman on UCD campus, south Dublin on 23 July 2014.
Shortly after noon today, having deliberated for around 90 minutes, the jury of six men and six women returned a unanimous verdict of guilty on the single count.
Neither the accused nor the victim showed any reaction when the verdict was delivered. Judge Cormac Quinn made an order declaring the man a sex offender and remanded him in continuing custody to 15 December next for sentencing.
After the jury left the courtroom, the man told his lawyers “I don't accept that verdict”.
The woman, now aged 35, told the trial she had come to Ireland to learn English and had arrived the previous month. She said she was using Tinder as a way to meet people and practice speaking.
After some weeks of communicating with the accused on the Tinder dating app and on Whatsapp, she arranged to meet him. She said she believed they were going for a coffee, but the man later told gardaí that he saw the date as a “hook up” for sex.
He picked her up in his car, a blue BMW, and drove her to a secluded field on UCD campus. The woman said that he then “changed completely”, becoming aggressive and sexually assaulting her.
After his arrest, the man told gardaí that while in the car he leaned in to kiss the woman and that she pushed him away and he moved away. He said she then became hysterical and “freaked out” before jumping out of the car. He then drove off.
Investigating gardaí put it to the man that nobody would react like that over a kiss. They asked him if he had “lost it” and got angry because she had knocked him back.
He denied this and said he was just nervous because of her reaction.
Paul Burns SC, prosecuting, told the jurors that they might feel the woman was naive, foolish and awfully stupid but that did not give anyone the right to attack her.
He said that simply agreeing to meet someone did not make them fair game. He said the complainant was not looking for sex and at no stage did she show an interest in meeting the man for sex.
“Everyone has the right to say no to sexual advances. No-one is entitled to force themselves on another, to kiss or force themselves on another,” he said.
He said there was no reason for the woman to lie and it was highly unlikely that a woman would travel here, three years after the events in question, to mislead or make false allegations.
He asked why someone would subject themselves to what she had undergone in the courtroom, unless she was telling the truth.
Burns said that despite a lengthy and gruelling cross-examination, her core testimony had not been shaken by the defence.
A victim impact statement from the woman will be given to the court on the next date.
Comments have been closed as sentencing is due.
BOSTON (CBS) — The NFL released fresh rule changes and points of emphasis for the 2016 season on Tuesday, and as expected, they mostly continue to increase confusion and soften an inherently violent game in the name of “player safety” – especially at the quarterback position.
Obviously, no one wants to see their team's quarterback injured. Patriot fans know as well as anyone how a low hit on a QB in the pocket can end a player's season. But based on the updated points of emphasis on hits to the passer, it may as well be illegal to hit the quarterback at all.
While it's perfectly reasonable to stop players from launching themselves at a QB's legs or using their helmet as a missile, director of officiating Dean Blandino's explanation, in the video the league released Tuesday, sounds like you'll soon be able to say “You can't even touch the QB” without hyperbole.
“Even if a defender is coming off a block and wrapping his arms, he must avoid making forcible contact with his helmet, shoulder, forearm, or chest.”
via GIPHY
These are mountainous men running at full speed trying to stop a QB from getting a pass out, often within two or three seconds. Surely the NFL knows this from their proprietary Next-Gen Stats. How are these guys supposed to avoid making forcible contact? What's a defender supposed to hit a QB with, his ass?
via GIPHY
“Yes.” – Mark Sanchez
Now these points of emphasis are mainly meant for low hits on the quarterback, not necessarily any and all contact. But you can't reasonably say a defender can hit the passer with any kind of authority and not get flagged. Referees are being instructed to look out for these hits this season more than ever, so expect a flag just about every time the QB gets grazed. Even if some of those flags get picked back up, it's going to result in a lot more needless delays.
The rule change that's sure to cause a lot of headaches with players in 2016 is the horse collar rule. Before this year, it was legal to pull an opponent down by the top of his jersey without grabbing the horse collar. Now, you can't grab by the back or side of the jersey in the nameplate area at all. More flags, more delays, more migraines.
You can thank Odell Beckham Jr. and Josh Norman for the league's newly expanded rules regarding unsportsmanlike conduct. Two penalties in the same game for “punches or kicks without contact,” “use of abusive or threatening language toward an opponent,” or “any act that constitutes ‘taunting'” will result in ejections. It's fine to crack down on fighting, but trash talk? Remember when Tim Duncan drew two technical fouls and an ejection for laughing at the referee? Can't say NFL officiating is becoming as bad as the NBA, but it's getting damn close now.
Rule changes and points of emphasis that I DO like, however …
Zero tolerance for hits with the crown of the helmet. See ya, Brandon Meriweather.
Five-yard delay of game penalty for coaches who call timeouts when they have none. This won't affect the Patriots one iota. Bill Belichick would never do something so silly.
No special protection for runners who slide head-first. While rules have gotten more strict against hitting a sliding player who is going legs first, players who slide head-first won't get the same protection. No need for a runner to risk himself like that.
That QB hit rule, though … near the beginning of the video, Blandino says the league asks four questions when considering any rule change or point of emphasis … “Does it improve the game? Can it be officiated? Can a change be coached? Can a player play by the rule?”
No, no, no, and no. But, you know, player safety.
Now I'm not one of these barbarians who want to see players get injured or doesn't care about safety. I do. I want the best livelihood possible for NFL players both during games and after their careers are over. But the unfortunate reality is football is a brutal, unforgiving game, and the more these rule changes are applied, the more it ceases to be football.
I think players would be better off simply accepting the physical risks and playing it out, whether through waivers, contracts, etc. If the NFL wants to avoid all injuries, they should just make it flag football. But since that's too cliche, I'm more picturing a league where if you wrap your arms around a guy, that's a tackle and auto-whistle. Call it HugBall. It's dystopian at best. But hey, at least it's still a contact sport!
Perhaps these new rule changes and points of emphasis will make the game safer and maybe lead to even more scoring. That's fun. But the rules of the game are becoming less like football in its purest form with each passing interpretation.
Matt Dolloff is a writer for CBSBostonSports.com. His opinions do not necessarily reflect that of CBS or 98.5 The Sports Hub. Have a news tip or comment for Matt? Follow him on Twitter @mattdolloff and email him at mdolloff@985thesportshub.com.
The blog last week on how we actually select featured articles was the least popular blog in months. Apparently no one cares about how the sausage is made…my bad! I won't do that again.
With many of our readers headed to their first year of school I figured I'd write about what I wish I knew before my first year.
1) Don't worry about what anyone else is doing, worry about what you are doing
Everyone enters business school with goals. Chances are you had a nice relaxing summer with time to think and reflect. Chances are you developed some hypotheses on what you might want to do post business school. Chances are these hypotheses are well thought out and align with both your skill set, personality and dreams. Chances are you are still open and eager to learn more about what is out there and where you may or may not fit.
Then you enter school and those first couple of months are so frenzied. If you don't already know before school you learn fast when you arrive that there is a perceived hierarchy of business school jobs and companies. You learn excellent reasons why gunning for the top of the hierarchy will accelerate your career and put yourself in the best possible position. Second years returning from internships at the top of the hierarchy are highly respected in the school. Most of your classmates are recruiting in this direction and more end up caught in the herd. These companies come to your school early and often. They are well-oiled recruiting machines.
Recruiting goals of your classmates start to change drastically. Students rationalize why pushing goals for a couple of years actually makes more sense. MBAs try to fit their skill set into the perceived best jobs, even though it is like fitting a square peg in a round hole. MBAs try to change their personalities to fit these cultures, often saying “it's just for two years.”
MBAs, particularly in the first couple of months spend far too much time worrying about what everyone else is doing. Don't. Worry about what you are doing. Worry about what you want to do, where your skill set best aligns, where your personality is the best fit and where you will enjoy the work the most.
2) Appreciate the different skill sets of your classmates
This one seems so incredibly obvious because going in it is a business school cliché: “You will learn more from your classmates than your professors.” But I promise you, it is not obvious. Once you are settled into school smart becomes defined as who is best in business school classes and who lands the best jobs. Business school smart is very tied to who can do the best analysis.
Starting 10Thoughts second year I learned how many different skills are involved in a business. I learned that different classmates thrive in different areas. I learned that many of the skills do not easily reveal themselves in the classroom.
The skill set to analyze data is different than the skill set to think of a creative way to design an experiment. It is different than the skill set to design a webpage from scratch. It is different than the skill set to code out a manual task. It is different than the skill set to make an ask of a complete stranger.
Different classmates were helpful in different parts of the business. I learned to appreciate that my classmates all had different skill sets and were very smart in different ways. I encourage you to challenge yourself to learn from all your classmates, not just the ones that are strong in class and “business school smart.”
3) Quick Hints
Think cultural and where you fit best when you recruit, not just rankings. Make time to stay in touch with your friends back home – don't get too caught in the bubble. Select classes based on professors (when you actually pick), don't overcommit yourself to clubs / activities / organizations / extra projects – do a couple well, have fun – it's an awesome experience. MOST IMPORTANTLY, stay well versed on what your peers in the business world are reading – DON'T STOP READING 10THOUGHTS!
Monday November 30, 2015
Toronto, ON – The Ontario Hockey League today announced that Arizona Coyotes prospect Christian Dvorak of the London Knights is the Pioneer Energy OHL Player of the Week for the week ending November 29 after scoring six goals and three assists for nine points in three games with a plus-minus rating of plus-3.
Dvorak had a pair of four-point performances helping the Knights win all three of their games extending the club's winning-streak to four games and improving their third-place record to 18-4-1-1. Dvorak opened the week by netting his second hat-trick of the season including the game-winner scoring three-straight goals to open the Friday night contest against the Owen Sound Attack and adding one assist as first star of the 6-1 victory. On Saturday night in the second half of a home-and-home battle against Midwest Division rival Owen Sound, Dvorak scored once in the Knights' 4-1 road win. His week wrapped up Sunday with his sixth four-point game of the season scoring two goals including the game-winner plus two assists earning first star honours in a 5-3 road win over the Windsor Spitfires.
A 19-year-old from Frankfort, Illinois, Dvorak is playing in his third OHL season with the Knights and is currently second in league scoring with 22 goals and 27 assists for 49 points in 22 games with points in 12-straight games. A graduate of the Chicago Mission Minor Midget program, Dvorak was a second round pick of the Coyotes in the 2014 NHL Draft.
Watch video highlights of Dvorak and the Knights against the Attack on Friday, Saturday, and against the Spitfires on Sunday.
Also considered for the award this week was Los Angeles Kings prospect Mike Amadio of the North Bay Battalion who scored three goals and five assists for eight points in three games, and Buffalo Sabres prospect Eric Cornel of the Peterborough Petes who scored five goals and one assist for six points in three games. In goal, the Petes' Matthew Mancina stopped 68 shots in two games winning both starts with a goals-against-average of 1.00 and save percentage of .971.
2015-16 Pioneer Energy OHL Players of the Week:
Nov. 23 – Nov. 29: Christian Dvorak (London Knights)
Nov. 16 – Nov. 22: Pavel Zacha (Sarnia Sting)
Nov. 9 – Nov. 15: Devin Williams (Erie Otters)
Nov. 2 – Nov. 8: Dylan Strome (Erie Otters)
Oct. 26 – Nov. 1: Tyler Parsons (London Knights)
Oct. 19 – Oct. 25: Kevin Labanc (Barrie Colts)
Oct. 12 – Oct. 18: Zach Bratina (North Bay Battalion)
Oct. 5 – Oct. 11: Hunter Garlent (Peterborough Petes)
Sept. 28 – Oct. 4: Alex DeBrincat (Erie Otters)
Sept. 21 – Sept. 27: Zack Bowman (Flint Firebirds)
Listen to the sound of particle pings: Scientists turn Large Hadron Collider data into music
Scientists working at the world's biggest particle smasher have turned the masses of data emitting from it into sound for the first time.
More than 40million pieces of data are processed by the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) every second as it seeks to prove the existence of particles such as the Higgs boson, which researchers believe endows everything in the universe with mass.
Until now the LHC, which lies deep in a 17mile-long beneath the border of France and Switzerland, has produced colourful images as it outputs the data.
This has taken the form of spraying coloured particles in different directions.
Scientists working at the Large Hadron Collider have turned the masses of data emitting from it into sound. This is what they expect data from a Higgs boson, which is believed to endow everything in the universe with mass, to look like
But physicist Dr Lily Asquith, who until recently worked with the LHC at CERN, the European Organisation For Nuclear Research, wanted to be able to hear the particles.
So she used music comparison software to turn data from the collider into sound, thereby giving it another dimension of personality.
'You tend to personify things that you think about a lot,' she told radio station NPR. 'I think electrons, perhaps, sound like a glockenspiel to me.
'It's quite easy... to consider that there could be some kind of sound associated with these things.'
Dr Asquith fed in a sample - three columns of numbers - of the LHC data into the software.
As a beam of particles is shot through the collider, three data points are collected and mapped to sound parameters: the particle travelling away from the internal beam becomes the sound's pitch, the amount of energy a particle is transformed into volume, and the timing of the notes shows how far the particle travels.
Dr Asquith explained: 'So we'll map, for example, the first column of numbers, which may be a distance, to time.
'And we may map the second column of numbers to pitch, and the third, perhaps, to volume.'
While the sounds that emerge might not be described as music, they would certainly appeal to fans of the avante garde.
Dr Asquith admits that the sounds don't tell scientists much at the moment, but she is hopeful they will shine a new light on understanding the data soon.
New data on the origins of the universe is pouring in from the LHC so quickly that physicists may extend the current opening phase of their 'Big Bang' project to the end of 2012.
Breakthrough: The LHC, located beneath the border of France and Switzerland, is creating data at the rate of 40million pieces of information every second
An extension could lead to an early discovery of the elusive Higgs boson believed to have turned an amorphous mass of particles into solid matter at the birth of the cosmos.
The LHC was officially launched to an international fanfare two years ago - but was then forced to shut down less than a fortnight later after a fault.
The particle collider is designed to investigate conditions just after the universe's creation and identify mysterious particles that will fill glaring gaps in our knowledge of physics.
It initially smashed together protons - positively charged particles found in the nuclei of atoms. But in November it began to collide lead ions in an attempt to learn about the 'quark-gluon plasma' that filled the universe just after the Big Bang.
The mini-Big Bangs were created in the 10,000 ton detector inside the tunnel called Alice - A Large Heavy Ion Experiment.
Powerful magnets spun the lead ions around miles of tunnels at near the speed of light. Flying in opposite directions, the particles were focused into a narrow beam and forced to collide inside Alice.
The quark-gluon plasma has been created before at the Relativistic Heavy Ion Collider in New York by smashing gold ions. However, the New York atom smasher was only able to generate temperatures of 4 million C.
Scientists hope the quark-gluon plasma will allow them to learn more about the 'Strong Force', one of the four fundamental forces of nature.
– May 14, 2010
Brenda Roth is the Assistant Dean for Curriculum at the NDU iCollege located at Ft. McNair in Washington, D.C.
Dr. Bob Childs, the Senior Director of the National Defense University iCollege, took on a dual personality today when he agreed to become an avatar to kick off the Third Federal Consortium for Virtual Worlds (FCVW) Conference.
Sitting behind the stage with a microphone, the “real” Dr. Childs talked through his avatar before coming out to address the audience in person. It was a great way to start the conversation about virtual worlds at FCVW. The video above captures the first seven minutes of Dr. Childs' speech as an avatar.
The Consortium brings together a group of creative people who are committed to bringing the virtual world technology to the government. Dr. Childs has been a true supporter of this technology from the very beginning, and he is willing to literally put himself right in the middle of the action.
Vastpark, headquartered in Melbourne, Australia, created the virtual Dr. Childs. Through this virtual world platform, Dr. Childs brought his message to this mostly government audience.
“Virtual Worlds is more than gaming,” Dr. Childs said. “It is about education, innovation, and about changing the way we do business.”
What does that mean for government organizations that are struggling to find a way to break through numerous barriers to collaboration and communication? Dr. Childs said there are five actions you need to take to be an innovative government organization:
Capture the imagination and abilities of young people. Constantly provide ways for your people to innovate. Explore how people learn and use the best practices you uncover. Consider virtual worlds to collaborate across agencies and to bring people together. Virtual worlds are one way to free ourselves. Be out in the world. (for example, the iCollege is co-hosting a conference on Cybersecurity with the National University of Singapore in July)
Before the two personalities of Dr. Childs left the stage, he (they) reminded us about the vGov Project, a federal government virtual world project. The purpose of the project is to provide a secure virtual world environment to serve the Federal Government. Hosted by the USDA and the NDU iCollege, the vGov project will provide a space for government employees to share content and collaborate without walls.
This is where we are going!
In his second night as host of The Colbert Report, Oct. 18, 2005, Stephen Colbert made a joke that wasn't really a joke. Over the course of the show's run, he promised, viewers would be treated to installments in "a 435-part series" called Better Know a District.
He didn't make it to 435, but he almost broke triple digits. During its just-under-a-decade on the air, the show visited a full 94 Congressional districts in the U.S. (and one in the U.K., because it's a comedy show, after all), and that's not counting the districts he revisited. He explored major industries, minor policy issues and daily life all over the country, which, viewers were gently reminded, is huge.
No national news program in history has devoted that much time to systematically covering individual members of Congress—why would you? It's boring unless there's a scandal, right? With one of his first initiatives, Colbert proved, as he so often would, that conventional wisdom about what interests Americans was wrong.
Colbert is ending his half-hour late-night comedy news show The Colbert Report, one of the strangest and most wonderful television series ever to exist, to take a job with CBS as the host of the Late Show when David Letterman retires.
It's a signal honor, one that comedians spend their entire lives dreaming about, and yet if you've loved the Colbert Report, the move might also seem like a step down.
Letterman is widely beloved, even despite a fairly sleazy intraoffice sex scandal in 2009. He's funny, he's canny, he's political when he feels like it. But the great success of The Colbert Report is not merely that its heart is in the right place but that its head is right there with it. The Stupid Human Tricks on Comedy Central between 11:30 and midnight are performed almost entirely by our elected officials, with the occasional exceptionally dumb civilian, and Colbert's triumph isn't that we laugh at them; it's that we care enough to laugh at them.
Colbert made the case that the grind of local politics and legislative minutiae was not only interesting, but also vital and, best of all, funny.
The apogee of the show's wonkery probably came in 2011, when Colbert formed a super PAC to illustrate exactly how terribly overreaching the legislation enabling super PACs was. Everywhere else, the subject was mind-numbing; Colbert made it urgent and real.
Like most top-tier comedians, Colbert's success is preceded by a long career in which he did almost nothing but comedy in one form or another, often invisibly. After graduating from Northwestern (which has a great interview with him here) in 1986, he toured extensively with Second City, at first as an understudy for Steve Carrell, with whom he later had the recurring Daily Show segment Even Stevphen.
Colbert worked on several TV shows, notably SNL, Comedy Central's short-lived Exit 57, and even a few offbeat segments for Good Morning America (yes, it's shocking to see him so young, but some of that is the lack of hair gel). In fact, he preceded Jon Stewart at The Daily Show—Colbert started in the show's second season under Craig Kilborn, working in a format that doesn't look too different from Colbert's taped segments from last year or last week: veterans' affairs, local political scandals, unfairness and absurdity—these were a few of his favorite things, and remained so through the end of the Report.
And perhaps it was because he had developed such a credible impression of a Beltway journalist that the White House Correspondents' Association decided to invite him to entertain at the group's annual dinner in 2006, where he did maybe the single ballsiest thing a comedian has ever had the opportunity to do: tell a sitting president, through the thinnest possible veil of irony, exactly what he thought of him. Then he let fly at everyone else in the audience.
Colbert, even with a shtick that owes a lot to the bloviating of pundits on talk radio and Fox News, particularly Bill O'Reilly, never spent as much time as Stewart on media criticism. At the White House Correspondent's Association dinner, he made it clear that it wasn't fear or a lack of interest that kept him from addressing the news media directly—it was contempt.
"Over the last five years you people were so good, over tax cuts, WMD intelligence, the effect of global warming," he told the stone-faced reporters. "We Americans didn't want to know, and you had the courtesy not to try to find out. Those were good times, as far as we knew."
For the most part, Colbert's act rarely seems contentious or cruel; his consistent good humor is probably a lot of what helped land him at CBS, a network now more or less unique in its devotion to broad appeal. But the South Carolina native still has a red-state liberal's anger at the cynical pandering of O'Reilly, Sean Hannity and Greg Gutfeld—Colbert was calling O'Reilly "a fucking egomaniac" on his show as recently as October (see above).
O'Reilly and Stewart have something of a cordial détente after all these years; Colbert's appearance on The O'Reilly Factor might be the most uncomfortable seven minutes ever televised, and watching the footage again, it looks a lot like Colbert knew it would be when he took the interview offer.
Colbert might very well take that same spirit of anarchy and the fanatical commitment to satire that has marked even the gentler parts of his show to CBS. It's hard to imagine his succeeding on such a large scale, but then, Colbert's entire career has been tilting at windmills and, to everyone's surprise, knocking them down.
It's also possible that he'll mellow. For his own sake, that would probably be a good thing. Fearlessness is hard work, and the list of comedians who lived to a ripe old age and stayed fierce is not long (in fact it's mostly just George Carlin).
Colbert's a whiz with advertisers—one of his funniest segments is a vaguely dystopian performance of the Wheat Thins brand memo, which Wheat Thins loved—though it's unlikely a political comedian enjoys that part of the job. He could indulge his nerdier streak, too—he interviewed Smaug, the dragon from The Hobbit, last week, and his Star Wars geekery is unparalleled. That kind of thing is fun, and it's always going to require less work and get more attention than the thankless public service stuff he's done out of what looks suspiciously like a sense of duty.
So which will it be? Political, counterculture performance art in one of the most popular venues on television, or a kinder, gentler truthiness?
Time will tell, obviously, but Colbert is taking his entire writing staff to the new show, and most likely he and they will give us a third thing. Hopefully it will be as educational, and as judicious with his surprisingly deep reservoir of anger, as Colbert's work has been so far.
The battlefield spread before me is littered with tanks with armour plating, tanks armed with rail guns, and tanks hiding behind invisibility cloaks (I can't see them but the laser beams scorching infantry are a dead give away). The map's buildings are being blown into concrete rubble by SCUD missiles and artillery. And a silo has opened up in the enemy base to reveal a stonking great nuke.
Act of Aggression isn't Command and Conquer Generals 2. But it's close enough.
Act of Aggression's an RTS that smells of Westwood. Eugen say they're not trying for C&C's cheesy style, instead something more realistic, closer to the real world setting of their other games, Wargame: Airland Battle and Red Dragon. But that's not stopped them from keeping Aggression's micromanagement simple, filling it with gratuitous explosions, and packing their armies with prototype weapons.
Set in 2025, a shadowy organisation called The Cartel's started to take power from the US and UN, using prototype weapons stolen from the armies' own defense labs. These three factions are all playable in skirmishes and multiplayer, though the main campaign follows the US's efforts to rout The Cartel.
Each faction's found its niche: the US specialise in powerful (but pricey) hardware. The crown of their army is the M1 Abrams, which can be upgraded with extra armour plating and a missile battery. The Cartel bring that stolen tech to field, attacking with drones and invisible tanks. The UN military cabal, Chimera, make do with manpower, overwhelming their enemies with cheaper units.
Aggression uses the same engine as Wargame: Airland Battle making it a gorgeous thing to look at. Eugen founder Alexis Le Dressay showed off a sweeping desert landscape with clusters of buildings before spawning in some pleasingly beefy tanks and blasting the structures into chunks of concrete.
Roads crisscross the map, carving through the cities and leading your eye to points of interest – like resources and salvage crates. The AI's pathfinding favours roads, where units receive a small speed boost, it also lets the designers use crossroads as a sort-of open air choke point. You'll need to build roadblocks of pill boxes and garrisoned buildings here to block the enemies' AI.
Most maps start with you slapping down some resource refineries, a barracks, and a tank factory before churning out an army which you send to blast your enemies' base to dust. Eugen are focussing on speed and simplicity – resource harvesters and construction units take care of themselves. They want you commanding legions of ground and air vehicles in battle, not managing a build queue back at base.
While Eugen has stripped out unnecessary mouse clicks they've given us a myriad of specialising choices. Take the US' APCs: they can be fitted with a gatling gun, TOW missile launcher, or anti-air weapons but the upgrades mean it can carry fewer troops. You can power your base with a power plant or solar panels. The power plant produces much more energy but it's liable to explode under fire and take a chunk of your base with it.
The upgrades feed into the classic rock-paper-scissors formula. Facing infantry, then an APC with a gatling gun will turn them into mincemeat. If an invisible tank is burning up your front line then you should call in a scout chopper to reveal it from above.
Towards the end game, when you've upgraded your base's research buildings, you'll gain access to super weapons. Le Dressay showed me a nuke silo housing a giant missile wreathed in smoke and steam. The missile can target anywhere on the map and it will be wiped out everything in its blast radius.
All this high tech gear looks to leave infantry in a rather tricky place: they're slower, weaker, and less well-armed than the myriad of vehicles rushing around the map. They're not entirely useless, however. Infantry can take prisoners. Whenever a vehicle's destroyed there's a chance the operator will survive, injured on the battlefield. If you can get an enemy pilot back to your base you receive a trickle of cash for as long as you hold them. By the end game you can have a very healthy income from prisoners alone. This becomes vital once the map's aluminum mines and oil wells run dry.
Act of Aggression isn't Command and Conquer Generals 2, Eugen want to give us finer control over the construction of our armies, they're aiming for a more grounded real-world setting, and there's no hint of live action cutscenes starring wrestlers. But what they showed me scratched an itch I've had since the original Generals was released back in 2003. It's fast-paced, bombastic, and it's coming out in May.
Editor's note: Accommodation and travel were paid for by Focus Home Interactive.
UndeadAlive Originally Posted by I'm not sure what it's like right now, but for a long time North Korea was having food shortage problems. The US and other nations had to send them food every year for well over a decade.
Having said that, I agree with every point made in the video. The US died and went to hell a long time ago.
A coworker of mine has a husband who served in the military and just got back from Afghanistan. She's told me stories about how all the US military personnel would play video games every day. My god, they're supposed to be fighting some kind of war - and they have time to play video games?
Another thing she told me was that the US military (and this is in Afghanistan, mind you) would hire foreigners to clean their bathrooms. Apparently US soldiers are now so pampered and spoiled rotten that they don't even have to clean their own bathrooms.
Well, one day someone smeared fecal matter all over one of the shower walls. Apparently some kind of investigation was launched to determine the culprit but they never found out who did it.
Image copyright WHOI Image caption At the time of its loss, Nereus was investigating the Kermadec Trench
One of the world's most capable deep-sea research subs has been lost.
The robotic vehicle Nereus went missing while exploring one of the ocean's deepest spots: the Kermadec Trench, which lies north east of New Zealand.
Surface debris was found, suggesting the vessel suffered a catastrophic implosion as a result of the immense pressures where it was operating some 10km (6.2 miles) down.
Nereus was a flagship ocean explorer for the US science community.
"Nereus helped us explore places we've never seen before and ask questions we never thought to ask," said Timothy Shank, from the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution (WHOI), which managed the sub's activities.
"It was a one-of-a-kind vehicle that even during its brief life brought us amazing insights into the unexplored deep ocean, addressing some of the most fundamental scientific problems of our time about life on Earth."
What lurks in the deep? Image copyright SPL Ocean trench: Scroll 11,000m down
The $8m (£4.7m) robot was built in 2008 and could operate in an autonomous mode or remotely controlled via a tether to a support ship to explore the Earth's deepest oceanic trenches.
It used a lot of innovative technologies that allowed it to do things and go places that were off-limits to other research submersibles.
These technologies included rechargeable lithium-ion batteries, similar to those used in laptop computers, for extended power, and single-hair's-width fibre-optic cables - borrowed from torpedoes - for control and telemetry.
Leading British oceanographer Jonathan Copley, from the University of Southampton, said the loss of an underwater vehicle was an ever-present risk.
"To obtain some kinds of knowledge - particularly when physical samples are required for analysis - there is no alternative to sending equipment into the deep ocean, because the ocean's watery veil masks its depths from many forms of 'remote sensing'", he wrote on a University of Southampton blog this weekend.
"And although we have learned a lot from a century or so of largely 'blind sampling' by equipment such as trawls and seabed corers (which are still fine for answering some questions in some areas), we now often require more detailed sampling and surveying, using deep-sea vehicles, to answer further questions."
Jonathan.Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk and follow me on Twitter: @BBCAmos
It was love at first sight. Getting that sexy black iPhone 3GS from Apple was like hooking up with the lady of my dreams. And what a night we had. But when I woke up the next morning with the iPhone beside me, the iTunes in my head had become a symphony of shame and regret.
My wallet was $199 lighter, my feverish advances had drained her battery, and instead of the perky "3G" at the top of her lovely screen, there was the hated "E" -- for EDGE network. And then I remembered that Madame Bell would be coming after me for another 420 bucks this year for data and texts. Oy! What a hangover.
[ Which mobile device is best? Find out in our iPhone vs. BlackBerry deathmatch and our iPhone vs. Palm Pre deathmatch. | Stay ahead of advances in mobile technology with InfoWorld's Mobile Edge blog and Mobilize newsletter. ]
Enough with the purple prose. But my first few days with the iPhone, coming just before Google dropped the Chrome OS bomb , made me realize how far we are from the mobile, Web-based nirvana so often promised. The technology and the infrastructure are simply not there yet. It's time to lower our expectations.
4G? Don't hold your breath
Check this out: "Although the carriers will never admit that current 3G and 2.5G data services are anything less than spectacular, they are still prepping their networks for the next generation. And wireless providers hope 4G technologies will light a fire under the moribund market for data services on cell phones." Sound familiar? It should. Those lines were written by an InfoWorld colleague in 2003.
That's right, six years ago. If I cared to, I'm sure I could find hype-filled 4G stories going back to the turn of the 21st century. So when I hear Verizon and other carriers go on about yet another superduper telephony technology, I've got to laugh.
There is one very false note in the paragraph I cited above: the bit about moribund market for data services on cell phones. These days, that market is anything but moribund. But the carriers never expected, nor prepared for, the rapid expansion in demand.
Consider my (admittedly limited) experience as an iPhone user. I live in a relatively upscale neighborhood with panoramic views of the Bay Bridge and the East Bay hills. I don't mention that to make you jealous -- the point is elevation. Talk about line of sight. And there's a lot of demand for tech goodies, but 3G reception is very poor. It's better in other parts of town, like the Financial District, and equally crummy in others. Sure, some of that has to do with our hilly topography, but not all and not by a long shot.
If you look at AT&T's map of (alleged) 3G service in San Francisco, it's all blue -- the color code for "available." Well, it's not. And let me tell you, using even basic apps like Safari or e-mail are absolutely excruciating on the EDGE network. It feels just like dial-up.
It's not just San Francisco. My colleague Galen Gruman had the same experience in Manhattan recently : mostly EDGE coverage, with a few 3G spots such as in midtown -- and no coverage at all on Wall Street. I hear the same complaints from AT&T users throughout much of the West and East coasts.
AT&T, which badly underestimated the strain the iPhone would place on its network, is spending billions of dollars to upgrade its 3G capabilities. But the last I heard, it doesn't expect to finish the upgrade until 2010 or 2011. Excuse my cynicism, but if it will take that long to build out 3G, it strains credibility to believe that 4G will be here in a similar time frame -- on anyone's network.
I -- and many others -- have said that consumers would be better off if the iPhone was not held in thrall to AT&T by an exclusive agreement with Apple. I still think that's true. But simply blaming Madame Bell sidesteps the real problem: Our national infrastructure lags behind demand for high-speed services, and given the costs and the difficult economic conditions, we just have to wait until it catches up.
Which brings me to the Chrome OS. Sure, it's great to see another competitor ready to challenge Microsoft in the OS market. Given Apple's small market share, additional competition is a very good thing. There are a lot of reason, of course, to be skeptical about the prospects of the Chrome OS , but in this context, the difficulty lies in the nature of a Web-based operating system. It will be no better than the service connection to the Web delivered by the carriers, and given their crummy record, how many of us want to depend on them for our basic computing needs? Not me.
Battery technology lags as well
I've been covering this industry for a couple of decades, and I've heard hundreds of pitches from computer makers about improved battery life. On the one hand, there's a pretty big B.S. factor. But there's also some truth there.
Batteries have gotten much better. The problem, though, is the ever increasing demands made upon them by new features. Take my iPhone: That big, bright screen sucks power like a baby quaffs milk. Use a few other features, and suddenly you're running on empty. It's a serious problem for engineers, and it's only going to get worse. (There may be a software glitch hurting battery life in the iPhone as well.)
No doubt Apple has made strides in power management. But the features we pay for simply outstrip the ability to deliver a full day's usage without resorting to annoying tricks (you know what they are) to save juice. And what's true of the iPhone is true of laptops and netbooks. Battery technology, unlike CPU technology, does not dance to Moore's Law -- and it won't for some time.
When Apple or AT&T blow it, they need to hear about it from us, the customers. But we also need to realize that there is more at play here than just the bozo factor.
I welcome your comments, tips, and suggestions. Reach me at bill.snyder@sbcglobal.net .
This story, "Why I Should Not Have Bought the iPhone 3GS" was originally published by InfoWorld .
The AquaAdvantage salmon compared to an unmodified salmon. (Image: AquaBounty)
His administration's lawlessness extends to genetic engineering.
President Obama has a long and well-known history of overriding laws by executive fiat. Stanford Law School professor Michael McConnell wrote in a July 2013 Wall Street Journal op-ed that President Obama's decision to suspend the employer mandate of the Affordable Care Act for a year “raises grave concerns about his understanding of the role of the executive in our system of government.” This followed Obama's effectively decreeing the DREAM Act for illegal immigrants who came as children, which Congress had decided not to pass, and effectively rewriting the No Child Left Behind Act. Since then, he's suspended Obamacare rules governing “substandard” health-insurance plans and offered legal status to millions more illegal immigrants.
Advertisement
Advertisement
We should also recall Obama's (literally) injudicious decisions to make “recess” appointments to the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) when he deemed the Senate “unavailable to conduct business” even though it had been conducting pro forma sessions every three days. In National Labor Relations Board v. Noel Canning, the Supreme Court disagreed with the president, holding that the Senate is in session “when it says that it is.”
But less well known is that the president's “I know best, so we can ignore the law and due process” mentality has also extended into areas of science-based regulation — or what should be science-based regulation. Questions of constitutionality aside, his abuses of discretion will incentivize bad behavior among individuals and companies.
Advertisement
An egregious example is the feds' treatment of the fast-growing, genetically engineered Atlantic “AquAdvantage” salmon, which reaches maturity twice as rapidly as its wild cohorts. The changes — the addition of a growth-hormone gene from the Chinook salmon and a regulatory DNA sequence from the ocean pout — cause no detectable difference in the fish's appearance, ultimate size, taste, or nutritional value; salmon with these alterations just grow faster, a tremendous economic advantage to those farming the fish in a closed-water system. The availability of such a salmon would also be a tremendous boon to consumers seeking low-fat and affordable sources of protein, especially in the face of food-price inflation and the obesity epidemic.
Normally, the review and approval of such a product would occur routinely in the depths of the FDA's Center for Food Safety and Nutrition, but the review of the AquAdvantage salmon was hijacked and delayed indefinitely by the Obama administration — on the advice of an assistant White House chef , no less. The AquAdvantage still has not been approved, even though all the requirements were met in 2013. This ongoing delay is a violation of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, which requires that the Health and Human Services secretary approve the AquaBounty application within six months after all the legal requirements have been met.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Another example of questionable “enforcement discretion” is the government's failure to show any interest in the federal and state felonies committed by Cynthia La Pier, a Massachusetts woman who decided to place her own warning labels on certain foods in a local supermarket, a flagrant violation of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act. It would not be a difficult prosecution: On May 24, 2013, the New York Times ran on its front page a photo of the culprit in flagrante delicto, accompanied by an article that identified her and the scene of the crime.
What is the reason for this vigilante action? Basically, La Pier and her ilk disapprove of the FDA's policy of not requiring labels to identify foods that are obtained from plants, animals, and microorganisms that have been genetically altered by the most modern, precise, and predictable genetic techniques. However, the FDA's policy makes scientific and common sense, and, most important for law enforcement, it is dictated by federal law.
Advertisement
La Pier is hardly a candidate for the FBI's Most Wanted List, but the unwillingness of the Department of Justice to investigate such obvious crimes illustrates yet again how enforcement discretion has morphed into all-progressive-politics-all-the-time. The feds are never too busy or resource-poor to selectively investigate and intimidate conservative groups seeking 501(c)(3) tax-exempt status, but they're uninterested in brazen violations of federal law when it suits them.
Advertisement
Jonathan Turley, a law professor at George Washington University, testified before the House Judiciary Committee in December 2013 about the threat posed by a president who does not faithfully execute the laws. “The danger is quite severe,” he told the committee. “The problem with what the president is doing is that he's not simply posing a danger to the constitutional system. He's becoming the very danger the Constitution was designed to avoid.”
These examples capture perfectly the upside-down mentality of President Obama and his minions: By word and deed, they actually encourage anti-social behavior — ranging from illegal immigration to vigilantism — while discouraging innovation and investment in technological research and development.
Advertisement
Advertisement
There is no justification for a government that abuses executive discretion to further its parochial view of what America should be.
— Henry I. Miller, a physician and molecular biologist, is the Robert Wesson Fellow in Scientific Philosophy and Public Policy at Stanford University's Hoover Institution. He was the founding director of the FDA's Office of Biotechnology.
Hello Channing,
many thank for the new Listary 5 Version.
When Listary is running:
Ctrl+C / Ctrl+V do not work correct with DOpus.
Examples:
F2 to Rename
Ctrl+C to Copy the Name in Clipbaord
Editor -> Ctrl+V to Paste the Name
Ctrl+C on a file
Ctrl+V to Copy (Duplicate) the file
I use the Shortkey win + - to open the Listary Symbolbar, when i pressing win + - to open the Listary Symbolbar the Miracast Dialog in Windows 10 was open additionally. (Project to a connected Screen)
In Listary 4 there was a hotkey to run an Application, in Listary 5 i don't found a hotkey to run a Application, can you please add a Hotkey to run an Application in Listary 5?
Thank You
Sorry for my bad Englisch
Greetings
wazlaf
Most future business owners are acutely aware of the fact that they'll have to spend money to make money. What they don't realize, however, is that some of this money is going to be spent on insurance coverage. There are several types of insurance a company will need, but Michigan commercial property insurance is among the most important. Without this type of insurance, a business owner can lose everything to just one detrimental disaster, so it is vitally important for owners to have this coverage and know what their policy will cover.
What is Commercial Property Insurance
A commercial property insurance policy is taken out by business owners to protect their company against real property loss. ‘Real property' in this case usually only refers to a company's buildings and certain items within them. These policies usually kick in when a business experiences loss of real property due to smoke, fire, vandalism, hail storms, civil disobedience or wind storms. Policies may vary, so it is important for business owners to fully understand their specific policy.
Commercial property insurance covers many of a business's assets. These assets can include buildings, heavy equipment, completed additions, and fixtures. Things that are considered permanent in a building are usually covered. Commercial property insurance comes in two types: all-risk and peril specific. All-risk policies cover a wide range of events that could cause loss. Peril specific policies only cover certain incidents. A company located in a rough neighborhood, for example, may need a peril specific policy related to crime.
What Commercial Property Insurance Won't Cover
Different policies will cover different incidents, and this is especially true when looking at policies between different localities. This makes it vital for business owners to discuss their specific policy with their insurance agent. There are actually policies that will only cover a company's buildings and things that are considered permanent within it, such as fixtures and walls. This may leave companies reeling when they learn that their policy won't cover office furniture and equipment.
Some policies also fail to cover damage caused by events such as earthquakes and floods. This can give business owners a rude awakening if they're in an area that floods easily or on a fault line. Even policies that do provide coverage for the aforementioned events may not cover outdoor property like company vehicles or fences. Coverage for these specific things, however, usually can be added to a policy.
There are also a few specific inclusions in a policy that a business owner may wish to inquire about. Outdoor property coverage, for example, may be added to cover damage that occurs to satellite dishes, fencing, plants, and signs. Coverage can also usually be added for pollutant cleanup and debris removal, which may be beneficial since many disasters often lead to these necessities.
Commercial property insurance is meant to ensure that a company can survive the occurrence of great loss, regardless of whether it is natural or manmade. The costs related to cleaning, rebuilding, repairing, and replacing company property can bankrupt a business if it doesn't have proper commercial insurance. It is always important, however, for a business owner to discuss what is covered with his agent and fully go over his policy. This can make the difference between surviving a catastrophe and losing everything.
Give us a call at 800-220-5582 to discuss your specific commercial property insurance needs today!
Buy Photo U.S. Rep. Justin Amash has made surveillance reform the hallmark of his five years in Congress. (Photo: Dale G. Young / The Detroit News)Buy Photo
Washington — The recent showdown in Congress over intelligence reform rocketed the libertarian-minded U.S. Rep. Justin Amash back to the national stage, as he cheered on Sen. Rand Paul's attempt to block the renewal of the Patriot Act's surveillance powers.
The west Michigan Republican has made surveillance reform the hallmark of his five years in Congress, and he's not done.
He and his allies say they intend to harness the momentum and keep fighting to roll back the reach of U.S. intelligence into the lives of ordinary Americans.
“The (Republican) leadership has been forced to concede there's a lot of support for privacy protections,” Amash said in an interview.
“We've come a long way from where we were two years ago,” when the Patriot Act had overwhelming support, he said.
In 2013, he and Rep. John Conyers, D-Detroit, led an unsuccessful effort to end the National Security Agency's bulk collection of phone records.
The turnaround indicates how uncomfortable the NSA's program made Americans and their representatives, said Bill Ballenger, a former Republican state legislator and associate publisher of Inside Michigan Politics.
“Amash and Rand Paul have tapped into something in the American political psyche that is giving them renewed strength, making their voices a little stronger and be taken a little more seriously,” Ballenger said.
The debate further stoked Amash's reputation as a GOP maverick unwilling to sacrifice his principles. It also prompted political observers to wonder where Amash is headed.
“Is he thinking Rand Paul gets the nomination, and he gets the VP nomination because he's from Michigan?” said Dan McMaster, a GOP consultant with the bipartisan Lansing firm Grassroots Midwest, about the Kentucky Republican's presidential bid. “I don't know. People in Michigan don't really know him.”
Amash, who just turned 35, said he hadn't considered a Paul-Amash ticket, and he's satisfied being a congressman. Still, “I think anyone should consider being vice president” if asked, he said.
Amash sees himself among a new generation of Republicans that has departed from party elders' “almost exclusive” focus on national security that came at the expense of privacy and civil liberties, he said.
“The Fourth Amendment provides a balance, so that we can have liberty and have safety. The new generation of Republicans understands that,” Amash said.
The divide has led to clashes with his party's leadership, costing him his seat on the prominent Budget Committee a few years ago. He has voted against the Republican caucus 24 percent of the time, according to OpenCongress.org.
When most of his colleagues left for the Memorial Day recess, Amash and a few colleagues stood watch in the House to guard against the possibility of leaders renewing the Patriot Act while members were away despite promises not to.
“Trust, but verify,” he posted on Twitter, quoting a Russian proverb used by President Ronald Reagan about U.S.-Soviet relations.
On privacy and surveillance issues, Amash said his closest allies in the Michigan delegation have been Democrats: Conyers and Rep. Dan Kildee, D-Flint Township.
Opposed Freedom Act
The USA Freedom Act signed into law last week ends the bulk collection and storage of U.S. land-line calling records — a program disclosed in 2013 by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden.
Conyers, ranking member on the House Judiciary panel, hailed the bill as a decisive end to “dragnet” surveillance. He was among its bipartisan authors.
“The government may no longer ask for all records merely because some of them may be relevant,” Conyers said at a recent markup hearing. “From now on, they must instead use a term that specifically identifies a person, account entity, address, or personal device as the basis for production.”
Amash opposed the Freedom Act in part because the phone companies will now search and analyze data at the request of the government — “worse in many ways given the broader set of data the companies hold,” he said on Facebook, where he explains his votes.
Former Rep. Mike Rogers, R-Howell, who chaired the House intelligence panel through last year, has defended the surveillance powers as a “very important tool” in fighting terrorists, despite reports that the program hasn't foiled any nefarious plots.
Asked about Amash, Rogers said in a statement, “It is always a shame when misinformed members of the House and Senate use national security issues to bring attention to themselves and create straw men who only they can fight.
“While some members were talking about being guardians of liberty, the bill they were fighting was renewing three key programs to stop terrorists from killing our fellow citizens.”
Even if the surveillance program had stopped an attack, Amash said it wouldn't change his mind about it being an unreasonable search and seizure.
“Nobody swears an oath regarding safety. We swear an oath regarding liberty and defending the Constitution,” Amash said.
He's working on legislation to strengthen whistle-blower protections for members of the intelligence community, specifically contractors. “I've long contended that the strongest check on the intelligence community are whistle-blowers,” Amash said.
The current reporting options for contractors are unlikely sympathizers — their supervisors, various inspectors general or the congressional intelligence committees staffed by former bureaucrats and officials from the intelligence community, said Tom Devine, legal director for the Government Accountability Project, which has been working with Amash's office on legislation.
“Right now, the intelligence community's contractors are the only significant sector of the U.S. labor force that doesn't have whistle-blower protections” prohibiting retaliation against employees, Devine said.
Criticism and praise
Amash's role in the surveillance standoff drew both criticism and praise, including this from Michigan Lt. Gov. Brian Calley, who tweeted, “My first phone call after the expiration of the #PatriotAct was to call @justinamash and thank him.”
Others claim Amash's views are out of touch with voters back home. He sparred on social media last month with Rob Engstrom, national political director for the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, after Amash called the Chamber's $1 million ad blitz to promote the continuation of the Export-Import Bank “shameful.”
Engstrom commented, “Yawn. One vote out of 435. Wasted vote, wasted seat. Michigan deserves better representation. Shameful indeed.”
To which Amash replied, “Keep fighting for cronyism. It's really popular in smoke-filled rooms.”
He's the youngest member of the Michigan delegation, yet is on track to rank among its senior members before long because of recent turnover and expected retirements, said McMasters, the Lansing consultant.
McMasters predicts Amash would be passed over for leadership in the delegation because he isn't perceived as engaging enough on Michigan issues like the Great Lakes and the auto industry. “Not that he doesn't have any friends, but he's not taken seriously,” said McMasters, former director of the Michigan House Republican Campaign Committee.
David Dudenhoefer, a state party leader and state coordinator for Michigan Campaign for Liberty, disagrees.
“The issues that he's dealing with do deal with Michigan because they affect all of us,” Dudenhoefer said.
Justin Amash
Age: 35
Home: Cascade Township in Grand Rapids area
Committees: Oversight and Government Reform; Joint Economic
Caucuses: Chairman, House Liberty Caucus; Member, House Freedom Caucus
Notable: House GOP leadership kicked him off Budget Committee. Sparred with former House Intelligence Committee Chairman Mike Rogers, R-Howell, on phone call surveillance tactics. Explains all of his votes on Facebook. He has never missed a vote. He fought off a primary challenge in 2014 from a Grand Rapids businessman.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/1MgWKGT
How do these sub-contractors get away with paying their employees so little? For one thing, many garment workers are undocumented and don't realize that they have a right to the minimum wage. Factory owners have been know to threaten to terminate their jobs — or even call U.S. immigration enforcement — if they demand higher wages. When workers do seek help from the Garment Worker Center, which helps them file formal complaints with the Labor Commission, employers usually get a month's notice before they're required to show their records to the commission. That gives owners time to temporarily shut down, or to close up shop and reopen under a different name.
“We had one employer just go to Korea for a month, and then reopen under a different name or a relative's name,” Martinez says. “And it's like, same factory, same workers, same machines.” But because the ownership is technically different, it's not accountable for the prior wage complaint.
If the brands themselves are often willfully ignorant about the conditions in which their clothes are made, how are individual consumers supposed to figure it out?
“You have to really think about it when you're buying something,” Martinez says. “If you're buying a shirt that's $7, for example, and you know that the minimum wage is $9, you're saying this one $7 garment probably took at least 30 minutes to make, plus travel to get here, and there's a lot of people that worked on that garment.” The numbers really don't add up.
That's where you come in. You can choose to be a conscientious buyer. You can choose to understand what goes into making even the simplest of garments. You can choose to think about the true cost of a $7 shirt. It might be a bargain for you, but not such a good deal for another woman out there who's struggling to support her children. Only you can say if it's worth it.
You've Got Mail
For Love: Kathleen Kelly (Meg Ryan) and Joe Fox (Tom Hanks) are pen pals who met in an AOL chat room.
Or Money: Unbeknownst to either, Kathleen and Joe are business rivals—his Barnes & Noble-esque megastore is opening around the corner from the small children's bookshop she owns.
In Sleepless, Meg plays a journalist; one who uses her position at the Baltimore Sun Times to finance the full-scale stalking of Tom Hanks's Sam. She puts a background check, a private eye, and a flight from Maryland to Washington state on the paper. (Good to know: A journalist in Baltimore in 1992 made about $31, 297, which today is approximately $53,098.05.) How does her editor (Rosie O'Donnell) not yell at her for that? She doesn't even interview him, she just stares at him from the middle of the street and then flies home. Meanwhile, Sam is able to pick up his young son and move to a houseboat in an entirely new city. Very reasonable choice! The film's attitude toward money could probably be summed up by one scene: Tom Hanks needs to steal a stranger's cab to chase his son, Jonah, to the Empire State Building. To get the cab, he yells, “Money, all right? Money, money, money!” while throwing bills in the air. Money: People want it and this can be annoying, but it's plentiful, never a problem to come by.
Only You, a forgotten classic that I will hype forever even though Robert Downey Jr.'s fast-talking charmer is named Mr. Wright, is awash in pricey grand gestures. Faith's expenditures include a spur-of-the-moment flight to Venice, a rental car, multiple gorgeous hotel rooms in different cities, and a handful of dinners in lovely, expensive restaurants. Also, on her teacher's salary—$35, 813 in 1992, about $57,520.95 today—she apparently already had a wardrobe full of stunning, often-backless gowns. Her Mr. Wright is a lower-level shoe salesman who: gifts a woman who already rejected him a pair of fancy shoes (not knockoffs); hires an actor at the last minute in a country he's never been to; outfits said actor with a wig and gold medallion; and rents hotel rooms for them both—in a hotel Joan Collins stayed in, no less. The phone calls alone must have cost him a fortune. The planning, the scheming, the cost!
Money is just water in these films. It's everywhere and therefore not particularly notable, and this functions most strangely in You've Got Mail. In the film, which is a flawless and charming example of the parallel reality of rom-coms, Kathleen Kelly is being run out of business by Fox Books. Of course, of course, this is their central conflict. But never are finances mentioned. A small business owner was making about $47,064.78 in 1998 (about $68K today), but this impending closure is a tragedy for sentimental reasons only: the loss of Kathleen's store is equated to the loss of her late mother—who founded it—and the loss of her beloved, oddball employees. But unemployment, financial ruin: these things are never on the table. She's not in danger of losing the apartment she used to share with her now-ex-boyfriend (double rent and no income, no problem!) or any of her sweater sets. It's also worth mentioning, that in this film it is Tom Hanks's father— not Tom Hanks—who owns the houseboat. But of course, there is a houseboat.
ANAHEIM – Councilwoman Lucille Kring says ceasing food deliveries might mitigate complaints from several nearby residents of increased crime reported at Twila Reid Park.
City officials said they plan to track down churches and advocacy groups that feed homeless people there to follow the councilwoman's request.
“It makes them feel good, but it doesn't do anything for the residents,” Kring said Tuesday night during the City Council meeting. “So I would like them, immediately, to stop feeding the homeless.”
Cindy Massaro, founder and organizer of a Costa Mesa potluck, said it was “disturbing” that local cities are asking nonprofits to stop feeding the homeless at local parks.
Once the groups are identified, they will be invited to participate in the Anaheim Homeless Collaborative, which works to provide housing, food and other long-term solutions for homeless people, city spokesman Mike Lyster said.
“Based on our experience with the Anaheim Homeless Collaborative and its recent work in La Palma Park and elsewhere in the city, what we have seen to be most effective is a comprehensive outreach program that goes beyond just providing meals and includes referrals to health and welfare services, transitional housing, relocation assistance, employment opportunities and reunification with family,” Lyster said.
La Palma Park, once a popular gathering spot for homeless people, saw a reduction in crime and litter after city officials asked charities to stop delivering food, along with the addition of a dog park in March, Kring said.
Kring asked city staffers to study whether building a dog park at Maxwell or Twila Reid parks could yield similar results, by increasing foot traffic, adding, “It really keeps the homeless out.”
Kring said her church, St. Columban in Garden Grove, feeds homeless people every Saturday on church premises and then sends them away with toiletries and other items.
“That's how it should be done, that's how the churches can make a difference, not by coming to our parks,” Kring said during the council meeting. “You have the trash, you got everything that's incorporated with feeding people who should not be fed there.”
Costa Mesa city officials, too, recently asked a nonprofit to stop feeding people at Wilson Park, saying the lunches dramatically increased the homeless population in the area. The group, Dwelling 222, has continued to holding a weekly potluck lunch despite the city's plea to stop.
Staff writer Megan Nicolai contributed to this report.
Contact the writer: 714-704-3769 or amarroquin@ocregister.com
A former Belvidere resident bilked public assistance programs in Warren County out of more than $70,000 by lying about her income, according to court records.
A Warren County grand jury Wednesday indicted Darlene Maciunski, now of Hamlin, N.Y., on charges of theft, theft by deception and false swearing in connection with a scheme that dated to 2006, according to court records.
Assistant Prosecutor Steven M. Siegel, who presented the case to the grand jury, said this case was especially egregious due to the amount of money and the length of time during which Maciunski scammed the county and its taxpayers.
"The public should be aware of any crime committed in Warren County and in this case it was a theft of a lot of money, over $70,000, from the taxpayers of Warren County," Siegel said today.
According court records, the 47-year-old Maciunski in June 2006 applied for benefits through the Warren County Division of Temporary Assistance and Social Services. She was approved for assistance through several programs, including food stamps, emergency housing assistance and Medicaid, records state.
But according to prosecutors, Maciunski should never have been eligible for the programs as her ex-husband had been regularly paying $2,000 a month in alimony and child support. That amount of money alone, Siegel said, exceeded eligibility limits for the programs.
But the scheme continued for nearly six years as Maciunski provided inaccurate bank statements and lied about her income in sworn affidavits, according to the indictment. In total, she is alleged to have received $71,181 in benefits from Warren County's assistance programs.
The scheme came to an end in January 2012 when Maciunski moved to Monroe County in upstate New York, authorities say. Once there, she again applied for, and was granted, admission to assistance programs for roughly six months.
It wasn't until officials in New York became suspicious and began investigating that authorities found she had been accepting money from her ex-husband and should not have been eligible for the programs, Siegel said.
Authorities in New York notified Warren County officials, who conducted an investigation of their own revealing the large amount of fraud they say had taken place.
If convicted in Warren County, Maciunski faces three to five years in prison on the most serious charge. She also faces charges in New York relating to the theft there, prosecutors said.
Maciunski's status is unknown.
More than a year after the most significant mass shooting this century, at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Conn., Congress has failed to curtail the availability of guns in America. But one thing has happened on the federal level -- or rather, not happened -- that has at least delayed the spread of U.S.-made sporting firearms around the world.
How carefully should these be controlled? (Ricky Cariot/Washington Post)
For the past four years, the State Department has been working to streamline the process of exporting goods that can be used for military purposes. Until recently, they'd all been subject to the same standard of review -- spare helicopter parts in the same way as F-16s. Not only that, but each item on the U.S. Munitions List had to be carefully tracked through every sale, in a Cold War-era effort to make sure they didn't somehow find their way into the hands of regimes that would use them for ill.
That far-reaching system created a big problem: Enforcement staff were stretched very thin keeping track of so many goods, usually for little actual benefit. So to "build taller walls" around the "crown jewels," State and other agencies started the arduous process of determining which items could be delegated to the Commerce Department, whose rules are not quite as onerous.
In its materials describing the export-reform initiative, the administration emphasizes the national security rationale for distinguishing between more and less sensitive material. But doing so is also a big boon for U.S. manufacturers -- especially small ones, which don't have the specialized staffing necessary to navigate all the paperwork. The old system made the use of U.S. goods so difficult that foreign militaries and businesses had started to design them out of their supply chains.
"Sometimes, it's just the perception of our export control system being a hassle that stops foreign suppliers from looking out for our manufacturers," says Lauren Ailey, who works on the issue for the National Association of Manufacturers. "Even if your stuff is pretty good, it's not good enough to warrant that. The penalties are high, and the stigma is pretty bad if you mess up."
The domestic firearms industry could use the help. Gun sales have slowed down after an initial bump driven by people worried that a post-Newtown crackdown would make it harder to buy them. As with the aerospace and defense industry, which has been squeezed by cuts in the military budget, they're looking overseas for growth -- mostly to the recreational market that drives sales in the United States.
"A bolt-action target rifle is licensed and controlled by the State Department the same way a machine gun is, and to us that doesn't make sense as a practical matter," says Larry Keane of the National Shooting Sports Foundation, which represents gun manufacturers and has pushed hard for the change.
The idea of loosening controls on small arms ran into resistance both internally, from the Department of Homeland Security, and externally: Staff from the American Bar Association and DePaul University's International Weapons Control Center, along with other human rights advocates, fretted that the Commerce Department would allow arms to fall into the wrong hands. And then, 2012 brought a chill on all potentially controversial new rules that might jeopardize President Obama's reelection.
Still, Keane thought the small-firearms rules would be in the clear after November, but not for long. "We know we were slated to be published by the end of last year," he says. "We know that it was delayed because of what happened last December in Newtown."
The State Department denies that any delay was intentional or political. But a former senior State Department official with direct knowledge of the process confirmed Keane's account, saying that publication of the sporting firearms rules was first slated for July 2012, then postponed after the movie theater shooting in Aurora, Colo., and iced again during the campaign.
"After the election, the drafts were again scheduled for publication in December and were well en route to the Federal Register," the official said. "State's were awaiting signature with the undersecretary and had been signed at Commerce and were awaiting delivery to the Federal Register for publication when Newtown took place." While other rules have made their way to finalization -- the first categories, aircraft and gas turbine engines, went into effect in October -- the small firearms and guns rules still hasn't even been put out for public comment.
The whole export-control reform effort, which in principle enjoys broad bipartisan support, has been slowed by both technical and bureaucratic snafus. The part about commercial gun sales, however, appears to be the only one put on hold for the sake of politics.
PoliZette Hillary Out-Organized in Nevada, South Carolina From front-runner to feelin' the Bern: Clinton makes same mistakes that sank her in 2008
Sen. Bernie Sanders is beating Hillary Clinton on the ground in the next two states to vote, threatening to swamp her with double upsets following his victory in New Hampshire.
With less than two weeks until the Feb. 27 South Carolina Democratic primary, Clinton is leading Sanders in the polls — but vastly trailing him in terms of organization. The only recent poll in Nevada, where the caucus is Feb. 20, puts Clinton and Sanders in a tie at 45 percent, but again, Sanders' organization appears stronger.
Advertisement
The problem is a replay of 2008, when Clinton was out-organized state by then-Sen. Barack Obama and lost the nomination.
Clinton lacks any real political infrastructure in South Carolina. The Sanders campaign says it has more than 240 staffers on the ground in the Palmetto State while, according to MSNBC, Clinton last week had just 14 — a vast difference that could have big implications when it comes to turning out the vote.
In Nevada, Sanders has over 100 staffers on the ground and has more than doubled his paid staff there in the month leading up to the caucus. But, just as in South Carolina, the Clinton campaign trails Sanders in ground operations with only about 55 staffers on the ground.
[lz_ndn video= 30350245]
“If Bernie Sanders has a campaign that is fueled by over two million people who have given an average of $27, you can imagine the amount of people showing up at offices to make calls and knock on doors,” said a Democratic strategist who preferred to remain anonymous. “In almost every campaign, that grassroots enthusiasm reciprocates over to action in the field.”
The Sanders campaign says it is leaving no stone unturned when it comes to voter contact operations in South Carolina. Sanders operatives know they have an uphill battle when it comes to breaking through Clinton's familiarity in South Carolina and her support among African Americans, who number heavily among Democrats in the state. According to a spokesperson for the Sanders campaign, the campaign has made over one million voter contact attempts, including door knocks and phone calls. “We have momentum coupled with ground game and it is helping to fuel this political revolution,” the spokesperson said.
The Clinton campaign appears to be banking on high name recognition and familiarity in the state rather than a solid ground operation. “Sanders may have more staffers, but the Clintons have been doing well in South Carolina for decades and she also has the help of so many local leaders, pastors and representatives to help turn people out,” said Democratic strategist, Jessica Tarlov.
Advertisement
The Clinton campaign would not disclose how many staffers it has on the ground in South Carolina.
[lz_related_box id=”105402″]
In Nevada, the Sanders campaign is confident in its ground game, and some Democratic strategists believe it has good reason to be. “You'd be delusional or in denial if you didn't recognize the enthusiasm gap between the two campaigns,” said Democratic strategist Nomiki Konst. “I would not be surprised if there's a shock on caucus night, as it's very difficult for politicos to measure rapid momentum. Bernie has all the excitement [and] money pouring in, and volunteers.”
Sanders, who lost by less than a point to Clinton in Iowa, has installed a large portion of his field team from the Hawkeye State into Nevada. Clinton, in what some presume to be fear of a tight race due to Sanders' saturation of the state, canceled an appearance in Florida to spend more time in Nevada.
“In Iowa we showed we could go toe-to-toe with Secretary Clinton. “We also showed he could go toe-to-toe with her on the debate stage and now in South Carolina and Nevada we are closing the gaps and a proving we can go toe-to-toe with her in territory where she is familiar,” said Symone Sanders, the national press secretary for the Sanders campaign.
The Los Angeles Lakers captured their Las Vegas Summer League championship in no small part because of the hot shooting of undrafted rookie Matt Thomas. Thomas averaged 9.6 points per game while shooting 60% from deep on 3.5 attempts per game.
The Lakers awarded Alex Caruso with one of their two two-way contracts, but their second won't be going to the sharpshooter out of Iowa State. Thomas has signed a one-year contract to play overseas for Liga ACB team Obradoiro, reports Sportando. Terms of the contract were not immediately available.
Thomas' summer league started off slow, scoring just two points in the first three games on limited minutes. As the Lakers' depth disappeared, he played a larger role. He closed out his time in Las Vegas with back-to-back games of scoring at least 20 points, going 11-of-12 from deep in that span.
He shot lights out and earned a contract to play in Spain, which is the direction many undrafted NBA players go. Two-way contracts were supposed to be a way to minimize how often that occurs, but it's still not necessarily a strong enough financial commitment compared to what might be offered from overseas teams.
Congratulations to Thomas, who turned it on down the stretch in summer league and was a key reason why the Lakers were able to walk away with the hardware. We'll always remember.
A week ago I wrote about my first impressions with Windows Phone after nearly two years of devout Android usage. Be sure to check it out before reading this one.
In the last week I have used my shiny new HTC Trophy as my primary device, and I've only touched my old Android phone a couple times. For the most part I can really understand why Windows Phone has such high customer satisfaction. I knew a lot about Android before I had an Android phone, but there was still a learning curve. With Windows Phone everything seems so natural.
I love that the start screen doesn't suck my time away. It's almost like having the notification shade in Android pulled down all the time. I unlock my phone, scan the live tiles, and move on with life. Some people call it too simple and bland, but I enjoy the minimalism. Don't get me wrong, I absolutely love customizing my phone, but sometimes it gets a little exhausting to have control over everything.
Apps have not been a problem. It took me a while to catch on that the “Try” button for a lot of apps in the Marketplace is the equivalent to an ad supported version. After I realized that I've been able to find a lot more free games to play. Really the hardest app to find has been a decent Twitter app. Birdsong was good but it never seemed to show mentions on the live tile. I'm trying Mehdoh right now and it seems better.
I'd be remiss if I didn't touch on Bing. In a nutshell I don't mind it at all. I think the Bing search app is actually extremely nice. It is so handy to have QR scanning, music recognition, voice search, text scanning, local scout, and much more all right there in one place. No one is more surprised than me at how enjoyable Bing has been.
Since I've sang the praises of Windows Phone it's time to talk about some of the things I don't like. First of all why are there not any decent Google apps out there? How do they plan on luring people away from Android with such crappy Google services support? Get on that Ballmer, I need my Gchat. In that same vein is Gmail sync. I find that if I don't hit refresh after reading a new email on my phone it will still be unread on my computer. My last gripe is notifications. While I like live tiles for notifications it can get a little difficult if you have a lot of apps sending out notifications. You have to keep all of them on the start screen or you're going to miss something.
Honestly this week has not been difficult at all. Windows Phone has been a joy to use. This is really the best time to be getting into Windows Phone. CES and 2012 are going to be huge for this operating system which makes me very excited about the future. I'm looking forward to many more weeks with Windows Phone.
P.S. Someone port Tiny Tower over to Windows Phone stat!
Fernando Alonso says he has to drive for either McLaren or Mercedes if he wants to win a third world championship.
After five seasons with Ferrari, Alonso left at the end of 2014 despite still having two years to run on his contract. His decision was questioned last year as an improving Ferrari won three races as the nearest challenger to Mercedes while McLaren was uncompetitive at the start of a new engine partnership with Honda.
This season has seen further progress for McLaren while Ferrari has failed to win a race as Red Bull moved into second in the constructors' standings and Alonso says he has no doubts he made the right decision to leave the Scuderia.
"I was right," Alonso said. "I was right because I felt I was right. In 2014 I made the decision and had two years more on my contract, but felt I was right to go. Whatever results they achieve in 2015 and 2016 or in the future, for me my time there was fantastic and I wanted to finish on that fantastic feeling.
"Every year was a little bit more stress because you are not winning and it seems that it is your fault. Now it is not a relief that they are not winning or having more problems, I don't wish any problems on Ferrari because it is a team that I will always have in my heart.
"But in terms of driving, how competitive or my third world championship hopes, then you drive for Mercedes or McLaren-Honda. That is my opinion and the feeling from that decision."
Ferrari is third in the constructors' championship with 242 points - 173 behind Mercedes - while McLaren is currently seventh on 42 points.
Technical analysis - Germany
Scene at the German Grand Prix
Quotes of the week - German Grand Prix
Keep up to date with all the F1 news via Facebook and Twitter
nDreams has today announced a publishing agreement for Paw Print Games' Bloody Zombies, coming to Xbox One, PlayStation 4 and PC later this year. The latter two versions of the videogame will include support for virtual reality (VR), through PlayStation VR, HTC Vive and Oculus Rift.
Bloody Zombies is a side-scrolling beat-‘em-up designed for multiplayer co-operative gameplay. Up to four players can join a game in any combination of local and online play as they battle through a version of London ravaged by zombie hordes. The videogame promises to delivery all of the usual brawler tropes with the added element of unique gameplay designed for those in VR.
Antony White, Co-Founder and Director at Paw Print Games, said: “Bloody Zombies combines irreverent British humour, exaggerated characterisation with an approach to over-the-top urban violence to create a new style of brawler. Team play is definitely key, but you'll also need to beat your friends to compete for the highest score.”
In Bloody Zombies, the VR player(s) will benefit from an enhanced viewpoint, allowing them to find in-game secrets. Any combination of VR and non-VR players is allowed, either locally or online.
“Bloody Zombies transforms the classic co-op brawler into an original experience. Players team up to battle the undead in the streets of London, regardless of whether if they are playing in VR with its unique viewpoint or on console or PC,” said David Corless, VP of Publishing, nDreams.
Set for release later this year, Bloody Zombies will launch on Xbox One, PlayStation 4 and PC. VRFocus has already been hands-on with the videogame and will bring you much more coverage soon.
On what proved to be a busy first day of the NHL free-agency period for the Avalanche, the team on Sunday added a standout winger in P.A. Parenteau, signed depth players John Mitchell and Greg Zanon and said it likely isn't done dealing.
“We're still evaluating what we can do to improve our team,” Avs general manager Greg Sherman said. “I think it's safe to say we addressed needs that we felt we needed to address.”
Sherman also said the Avs reached out to the agents for the top two players in the free-agent pool — forward Zach Parise and defenseman Ryan Suter. Sherman wouldn't say whether formal offers were made, but hinted that the Avs — like a lot of other teams — are waiting on their decisions.
“We have had discussions with their representatives,” Sherman said. “It's an evaluation on our end as to what their goals are and what their expectations are, and where they may choose to go. There are many, many teams interested in these two players.”
Several teams were interested in Parenteau, 29, who scored 67 points (18 goals) in 80 games last season for the New York Islanders. But the Avs early on phoned Parenteau's agent, Allan Walsh, and made an offer that couldn't be refused: four years, $16 million.
“I'm so excited. They showed the most interest in me from the get-go, and I didn't take long deciding on Colorado,” Parenteau said. “They've got such a good, young group of forwards, and I'm happy to be a part of it now. I'm 29 now, and I want to win, and I feel like I have a lot of good hockey left in me. I feel like I'm just getting things started.”
Parenteau, whose initials stand for Pierre-Alexandre, scored 20 goals and 53 points in 2010-11. A right winger, he is likely to play on a line with center Matt Duchene. Parenteau often played with John Tavares — taken first overall, two picks before Duchene in the 2009 NHL draft — but Sherman said the Avs are confident he wasn't just piggybacking on Tavares' skill.
“This was not, in our mind, a scenario where it was a ‘one-off.' He put up points the year before as well, and there's no doubt he brings skill to the team in a position that we felt we needed to target,” Sherman said.
Parenteau was just a ninth-round choice of Anaheim in 2001 and spent several years in the American Hockey League before getting more ice time with the Islanders in 2010-11. What took so long to blossom?
“I think it was just that, finally getting a real chance,” Parenteau said. “The Islanders gave me that chance, and I'm very grateful, and it was a great experience for me there. But I'm excited about a new challenge.”
Mitchell signed a two-year, $2.2 million deal. Defenseman Zanon signed a two-year, $4.5 million deal.
Mitchell is expected to replace Jay McClement as a depth center. Mitchell is considered a good defensive center and faceoff man, winning 51.3 percent of his draws last season with the Rangers.
Zanon, who played with Minnesota and Boston last season, is considered a strong shot blocker and a physical defender. The Avs earlier had tried to sign Ottawa defender Matt Carkner, but when a deal fell through, they turned to Zanon.
Mitchell “brings some size, he can skate and is very good in the faceoff circle,” Sherman said.
And despite a large stable of defensemen already, “you can never have enough defense,” Sherman said.
Adrian Dater: 303-954-1360 or adater@denverpost.com
The Turmoil events start at Nov 10, 2017 8:00 PM (This is displayed in your local time). If you're interested in participating, you can find more information about these events and prizing
We've also updated our
Additionally, we've collected the answers to some of the most commonly asked questions about the the events and compiled them below.
Around 30 minutes before the event starts, there will be an option on the character creation screen to join to create a character for the event.
You can join the event any time after it has started.
Levelling multiple characters that reach the prize-thresholds can help your odds to win one of the random-draw microtransactions.
. It's okay to delete your characters before the race event ends.
It's possible for players to win multiple of the random-draw prizes with one or more characters.
. Players who reach level 35 will receive a Chaos and Order Mystery Box. This prize is available only once per account. Levelling multiple characters will not grant multiple mystery boxes. If you reach level 35 in both the Turmoil and Mayhem events you will receive a total of two boxes.
As always, if you're not able to join the events, be sure to check out the action live on We're approximately one month away from the release of the 3.1.0 expansion, which means that there are only few weeks left before the end of the Harbinger Challenge League. This also means the beginning of pair of ten-day events!The Turmoil events start at Nov 10, 2017 8:00 PM (This is displayed in your local time). If you're interested in participating, you can find more information about these events and prizing here We've also updated our racing guide , so check it out if you need some helpful tips for getting started.Additionally, we've collected the answers to some of the most commonly asked questions about the the events and compiled them below.As always, if you're not able to join the events, be sure to check out the action live on Twitch . Best of luck everyone!
Image copyright Reuters
Bank of England Governor Mark Carney has warned that people will reject free and open markets unless something is done to help those left behind by the financial crisis and globalisation.
In a speech, he said: "Globalisation is associated with low wages, insecure employment, stateless corporations and striking inequalities."
There are "staggering wealth inequalities" in many advanced economies, he added.
Mr Carney was speaking in Liverpool.
He told his audience that politicians and central bankers must act to ensure people do not lose faith in the current system.
"Turning our backs on open markets would be a tragedy, but it is a possibility," he said.
"It can only be averted by confronting the underlying reasons for this risk upfront."
Ahmed: Carney says get real, there are losers from free trade
Mr Carney, giving the Roscoe Lecture at Liverpool John Moores University, spoke of the need for wealth distribution and putting individuals back in control.
He cited Prime Minister Theresa May's criticism of "stateless corporations" who paid little tax and had little responsibility to local communities.
The governor said: "Redistribution and fairness also mean turning back the tide of stateless corporations."
"As the prime minister recently stressed, companies must be rooted and pay tax somewhere.
"Businesses operating across borders have responsibilities," he added.
'Challenges to prosperity'
Image copyright Getty Images
The lecture is only the second major public speech Mr Carney has given since the June Brexit referendum.
Since that vote, the governor has had to defend himself against criticism that he had made explicitly pro-Remain comments, and also against suggestions that the prime minister had been unhappy with the Bank's monetary policy because savers had lost out.
However, although Mr Carney acknowledged in his speech that there were losers from the policy of low interest rates, he said: "The thrifty saver and the rich asset holder are often one and the same."
"Just 2% of households have deposit holdings in excess of £5,000, [they have] few other financial assets, and don't own a home.
"So the vast majority of savers who might have lost some interest income from lower policy rates have stood to gain from increases in asset prices, particularly the recovery in house prices," he added.
The challenges to greater prosperity, he said, were far wider.
Mr Carney listed three priorities:
"Economists must clearly acknowledge the challenges we face, including the realities of uneven gains from trade and technology"
"We must grow our economy by rebalancing the mix of monetary policy, fiscal policy and structural reforms"
"We need to move towards more inclusive growth where everyone has a stake in globalisation."
Image copyright AP Image caption Andy Haldane, chief economist at the Bank of England
Last week, the bank's chief economist, Andy Haldane, struck a similar note when he warned about Britain's widening inequality gap.
He was concerned not just with the gap between rich and poor, but also geographically - between north and south, east and west.
Mr Haldane said in a speech: "I think [the issue of regional inequality] is right up there as among the most important issues that we face today as a country."
"What's more, the variations are among the widest in Europe."
The Decolonization Issue
Issue 39, Fall 2015
“There are good and bad things in our society, successes and failures. But there is only one fundamental reality that remains unaddressed. That is the situation of indigenous peoples. This is the single most important issue before us, whether we are recently arrived in Canada or have been here for centuries.” – John Ralston Saul
In the midst of production for this issue of Geez, editor Aiden Enns sat down with guest editors Leah Gazan and Steve Heinrichs to get a sense of what readers could expect from an issue on decolonization. What follows is a brief excerpt based on their conversation.
Aiden Enns: What does decolonization mean to you?
Leah Gazan: For me, decolonization is about reconnecting back to land and place and an identity that was defined prior to colonization. We very often talk about building communities through economic development but there's no greater poverty than poverty of the spirit. So I think decolonization means rejuvenating the spirit that's rooted in land and ceremony and identity and relationships and an understanding of everybody's role in that.
Steve Heinrichs: A simple metaphor many folks bring up is the guest-host relationship. It's a bit simplistic but it rings true. You have people coming into another family's home and occupying the space, with the original owners in the attic while the guests have the run of the house and dictate the rules.
Most of us non-native folks in Canada have not recognized our connection to host peoples and our obligation to honour our relationships with them. Decolonization is not just a fancy umbrella word for undoing sexism, undoing racism – the oppressions list. It is specifically talking about settler colonialism.
Patrick Wolfe says settler colonialism is not an event, it is a structure. It's not simply a history which we're trying to become aware of and lament and then move toward respectful relationships. It is a structure, so that means this relationship continues. It means fundamentally reworking our relationship into a place of mutuality and respect.
AE: A lot of non-indigenous people just want to jump in and do stuff, so they say, “What can we do to help?” How do you respond to those people?
LG: I'm not going to tell somebody, in their cultural context, with the gifts that they bring, how to care, what to say, how to show love. I think defining how that should be done is a very colonial behaviour.
Sometimes it's just about sitting and watching and not asking and just quietly learning. Because if you don't have that relationship, you can't be an ally. If you don't know anything about a person, then you can't care about them.
It's also important to understand yourself and your cultural bias so that when you encounter somebody of a different cultural experience you don't judge them against your lens. You can't be a good ally if you're not even aware of yourself and how you impose your perspective on others.
My father was non-indigenous and he did a lot of work in the indigenous community, but he didn't dictate. He said his work was to be an assistant to change not the director of change.
SH: Personally, I think it's about Christians finding a more humble way of being. A lot of us need to find that. Why do we see our knowledges and our spiritualities as being superior to indigenous knowledges and spiritualities? Why do we live off these myths and refuse to engage?
LG: There's this great Canadian myth that everybody's born equal with the same chance and all you have to do is work hard to get ahead – and that's not true. When we start questioning these myths, we also have to start questioning people we love and respect, and that is a painful exercise. So when we are talking about making amends, making better relationships, we also have to recognize it's a painful exercise for everybody involved because the hardest thing to do is to question your own values. That's heavy stuff.
SH: I pray that people who read this get the sense that there's some bad crap going on, but I also hope they get the sense that we're recovering relationships, we're finding whole and healthy ways of respecting and acknowledging each other.
The word decolonization sounds like a loss when it hits a lot of settler ears, but it's kind of like going carless and taking up your bike. It's inconvenient and all that, but actually there is a lot more joy that comes with it. It's not to say that it's not difficult, but the work is incredibly life giving. Becoming an ally, listening, and things like that – it's hearts actually being mended together; it's lives and communities finding restorative ways of being. That's good news to me.
Leah Gazan is a member of Wood Mountain Lakota Nation, located in Treaty 4 territory in Saskatchewan. A grassroots activist, Leah has been involved in a variety of social movements, including Idle No More, and is currently leading the #WeCare campaign for missing and murdered Indigenous women. Her passion is the advancement of Indigenous strength, self-determination, and self-sufficiency. Leah is presently teaching in the Faculty of Education at the University of Winnipeg where she helps students grapple with the realities of colonialism and the possibility of authentic, just relationships across cultures.
Steve Heinrichs is a white settler Christian who's spent years working as an activist, pastor, and advocate for justice alongside indigenous peoples. Based in Treaty 1, Steve is currently the director of indigenous-settler relations for Mennonite Church Canada and the editor of Buffalo Shout, Salmon Cry: Conversations on Creation, Land Justice, and Life Together .
Yukiko Morita, a 27-year-old corporate employee from Kyoto, has a unique hobby. She combines her love for bread and her love for art into a special product: Pampshades.“‘Pan (Japanese for bread)' + ‘lamp shade' = Pampshades,” Morita explains on her website. These lighting fixtures made from real bread and can light up a room, filling it with the warm tones of a fresh loaf.
“I think loaves are really cute,” says Morita. “I love their round curves. I wanted a bread display in my room so I could admire it all the time. That's how I came up with this shape.” The idea for pampshades first came to Morita when she was a student at the Kyoto City University of Arts. She was working on a project in a studio one day, playing around with a French baguette. She pulled out and nibbled on the soft parts, leaving the hollow outer shell intact. When she held it up towards the sunlight and let it stream in, that was her ‘aha!' moment.
Morita made 300 more prototypes before she came up with the perfect pampshade. Luckily for her, she worked part time at a bakery so she had a lot of leftover bread to practice with. She makes the pampshades by hollowing out a baguette made of flour, water and salt. Then, she dries out the shell thoroughly and applies a resin coating to prevent mildew. She places LED bulbs inside the completed shells, mainly to prevent the bread from getting scorched. And that's it! A perfect pampshade is ready.
What started out as a hobby is slowly becoming Morita's business. Several Kyoto shops have noticed her work at crafts fairs where she puts up displays. They've picked up her products and sell them at $35 to $50. “I hope to keep on doing this and keep on having fun,” Morita says. And she makes sure not to waste any of the bread filling – she eats it all!
Source: Yukiko Morita via That's Nerdalicious, Asahi
The new regulations that the FIA is due to introduce in 2014 will see Formula 1 enter a new era. It is fair to say that it is on the threshold of one of the biggest technological changes in its history.
After a seven-year period during which engine specifications were frozen, the new regulations due to come into effect in 2014 will see engine makers play a central role in the cars' overall performance. By placing engines at the very heart of the sport once again, motor racing's blue riband competition will stand out more than ever as a showcase for cutting edge technology.
The objective of this metamorphosis is to ensure closer ties between the research and development carried out in F1, the concerns of everyday motorists and the new challenges faced on economic and environmental fronts, without detracting from the quality of the show or the level of competition.
This major technological revolution is a fresh challenge for F1's engine builders, who are developing a brand new electrified 1.6 V6 Turbo power plant (known as a ‘power unit'), which combines a significantly downsized internal combustion engine with an energy recovery system that feeds two electric motors which can also recover braking and exhaust heat energy..
The gauntlet the FIA has thrown down to F1's engine makers for 2014 is to reduce the quantity of fuel needed for a Grand Prix by almost 40 percent, yet still maintain the same level of performance and power outputs (i.e. around 750 horsepower) as today.
The key features of the new power unit include the new downsized internal combustion engine , which switches from a V8 to a turbocharged (single-stage compressor) V6 architecture. The capacity is reduced by one-third from a maximum of 2400cc to 1600cc. The maximum engine speed is capped at 15,000rpm for a power output of approximately 550 horsepower
New ‘Energy Recovery Systems' are at the core of this new power unit with kinetic energy (ERS-K) and exhaust heat energy (ERS-H) recovered by the two electric motor-generator units named MGU-H and MGU-K.
With the 2014 technical regulations there are a number of key new restrictions. The amount of fuel that can be used during races has been reduced to 140 litres. Energy management will become a major factor of race strategies and car design. This is especially notable as the maximum fuel flow rate will be reduced to 140 litres/hour, making optimisation of every gram of fuel vital for cars to go as fast as possible on a given quantity of fuel.
The amount of energy that can be recovered during each lap has been reduced, and the amount that can be restored has also been reduced.
Another major restriction will be a form of cost capping, development costs have been limited and the number of engines each driver can use in the course of the season has been further capped: five per driver in 2014, then four per driver from 2015 (compared to eight per driver at the moment). The technologies and materials employed must be similar to those used for production engines.
All of these places a new emphasis on efficiency The efficiency of a conventional internal combustion engine is approximately between 25 and 30 percent in optimal conditions of use. This means that 70 percent of the energy provided by the fuel combustion is lost in the form of heat, either via the car's radiators (exchange of heat between the engine block and the cooling fluids) or, more significantly, via the exhaust gases.
“Improving the energy efficiency of an engine entails transmitting as much of the energy produced as possible to the wheels mechanically and re-using as much of the energy resulting from the fuel's combustion as possible. The aim of the new regulations is effectively to increase combustion efficiency thanks to the combination of downsizing, turbocharging and the recovery of the energy contained in exhaust heat (ERS- H) and lost as heat under braking (ERS-K) and then re- using this energy as electricity.” Rob White (Deputy General Manager and Technical Director, Renault Sport F1)
This will all have a significant impact on the aerodynamic packages on the cars according to Lotus Technical Director James Allison. “There are lots of things that cause you to burn fuel and lots of things that give you lap time and when you design the cars for any year you are trying to find the optimum combination of all of those things to make the fastest race time coupled with the best qualifying lap. It is certainly the case that you will have a different response next year to this year in terms of how dirty (in terms of drag) a downforce device you can use. But that does not mean that you will see the cars just scissoring downforce off it compared to what you are used to” he explains. “There will be opportunity, I suspect things like the front wing and the diffuser will follow similar paths to recent years and the hunting ground will be how you cope with the low nose chassis and how you integrate what is a very fierce cooling requirement into the chassis without haemorrhaging downforce.”
Page 2 – Efficiency will become everything
How the F1 teams will have to rethink the whole car
War dog reunites with local Marine
Marine Corp. Cpl. Joaquin Aranda, is reunited with his military war dog, Donna, at Houston Hobby Airport on ﻿Saturday. Donna swept for bombs with Aranda in Afghanistan. Marine Corp. Cpl. Joaquin Aranda, is reunited with his military war dog, Donna, at Houston Hobby Airport on ﻿Saturday. Donna swept for bombs with Aranda in Afghanistan. Photo: Mayra Beltran, Staff Photo: Mayra Beltran, Staff Image 1 of / 12 Caption Close War dog reunites with local Marine 1 / 12 Back to Gallery
Joaquin Aranda checked his phone repeatedly and shifted his weight as he watched arrivals walk by him Saturday at Hobby Airport.
Family lined a nearby wall, small American flags in hand. One uncle held out a green paper banner that read, "Welcome Donna." Travelers who had already collected their bags from a nearby carousel waited, too, curious about the banner and a row of television cameras.
"Is a service member returning home?" several asked.
Yes, answered Aranda and his relatives from Cleveland and Humble. Donna, a 7-year-old bomb-sniffing Labrador, served alongside the U.S. Marine corporal during a six-month tour of Afghanistan in 2011. The nonprofit American Humane Association and Mission K9 Rescue helped arrange for Aranda to adopt Donna, who is retiring.
Dogs have served in American wars for decades, formally beginning in World War II. Most veteran war dogs were euthanized after 10 years of service until a 2000 federal law opened the door for more adoptions by former service partners, law enforcement agencies and other trained handlers. The retirement policies and practices of contractors who supply military dogs vary.
It still remains difficult to reconnect soldiers with their working dogs, said Kristen Maurer of Mission K9 Rescue. She noted that war dogs who enter retirement while overseas are not allowed to be flown back to the United States by military transport because "they are classified as equipment" that is no longer in service.
Maurer met Donna in Ellerbe, N.C. Before flying her to Houston, Maurer took a cell phone photo of Donna stretched out on her hotel bed and texted it to Aranda, asking if he was certain that he wanted to adopt her.
"She's such a sweetheart," she recalled saying.
Aranda was eager to bring her home, although he admits being uneasy when he was first assigned to become a handler.
"Being in a combat zone with a dog by my hip, I thought I'd have to take care of her," he said. "But she took care of us. She wasn't a burden at all. In fact, she kept our spirits up and did a good job keeping us safe."
'Really good at her job'
He worried each time he sent her out to sweep for improvised explosive devices, but said he learned to embrace the idea that it was her job.
"And she's really good at it," the 25-year-old said, hands in his pockets, as he waited for her arrival Saturday. "She never missed a bomb, and I'm real proud of that. The least I can do once she's retired is give her a good home, lots of land to play around in and lots of love."
Shortly after 2 p.m., Maurer texted to say she was walking toward baggage claim with Donna.
Aranda's face twitched in and out of a subtle smile.
Donna came around the corner, ears rolled back and tongue hanging out.
Reunited at last
"I see her!" Aranda's family cheered, other travelers joining in with applause.
Aranda exhaled a big breath, smiled wide for a moment, and walked toward Donna. He kneeled down on his right knee and rubbed her chest as she jumped on him. Donna spun in a circle to greet the rapt crowd.
Aranda thanked Maurer, giving her a hug over the yellow Lab's back.
"We did nothing," she said. "You guys did everything. Seriously."
Donna tested the length of her pink leash as she nosed around a backpack for treats.
Jan 4, 2015; Anaheim, CA, USA; Anaheim Ducks mascot Wild Wing holds a flag prior to the game between the Anaheim Ducks and the Nashville Predators at Honda Center. (Kelvin Kuo-USA TODAY Sports)
(Hello, this is a feature that will run through the entire season and aims to recap the weekend's events and boils those events down to one admittedly superficial fact or stupid opinion about each team. Feel free to complain about it.)
People don't like to hear it or think about it very much, but such a huge portion of what happens in the NHL over the course of a season is driven by luck, and luck alone, that it boggles the mind.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
When it comes to setting where each team finishes in the standings, luck — or rather, things that cannot be quantified or depended upon or predicted accurately — makes up 38 percent of results. Nearly two-fifths.
If a defenseman's stick breaks on a point shot attempt and a 2-on-0 goes the other way and scores, that's luck. Luck that the stick broke, luck that the puck went to an opponent, luck that no one could get back to defend, luck that the puck went in. If the same play happens and the 2-on-0 results in a pass that gets flubbed, or a shot that somehow misses the net, or gets saved, or hits the post, that's also luck,. Depending on which side you're on, either one is good or bad. It all boils down to probabilities. An x percent chance a stick breaks, a y percent chance a shot goes off as planned, etc. This kind of thing happens literally millions of times over the course of a season, league-wide.
Story continues
Luck, viewed thusly, can manifest itself in a lot of ways. Over the course of a season, a goalie might have a much higher or lower save percentage than their career average. A single player, entire line, or even a whole team can shoot well above or below what is considered a reasonable save percentage for an entire year, or just part of one. There's not really much explaining it when it happens. Guys can get “hot” or “cold” for any reason, or no reason at all. Injuries pile up. And this contributes, a lot, to wins and losses.
Hockey is a low-event sport, in terms of what we can measure and track. There just aren't many goals scored per game, or even a particularly huge amount of shots recorded in any given 60 minutes of hockey. We think 30 is a lot, for instance, but that's only because we've come to know that 30 is a lot. If a few tweaks were made to the rules, the ice dimensions, roster sizes, etc. 100 years ago, maybe 30 would be a small number, and 40 more in line with the league average at this point. But these numbers are in and of themselves not necessarily conducive to really being able to level the playing field to where it “should be” according to analytics, even over an 82-game schedule.
And that's why when teams rise through the standings, analytics sometimes say that the methods they use to do so are “unrepeatable.” Whether it's because they have a sky-high PDO but bad possession numbers, or because they win a lot of shootouts, or because they have a good record in one-goal games, we are given reason to doubt that a team is as good as the won-lost record says.
But one team in particular seems to buck this trend. On Friday night, the Ducks beat the Blues 4-3 in Anaheim, giving them yet another one-goal win. That bumped their record in one-goal games to 19-0-6 on the year; 25 one-goal games, and only six points missing from a possible 50. That is an insane number. Absolutely bonkers. Even the most stats-averse observer has to say that no team is that good at playing in tight games. They should have lost one by that point. (Update: The Ducks are now 20-0-6 in one-goal games after beating Nashille 4-3 in a shootout on Sunday.)
And so it's not really a surprise that they should be the best team in the league through Saturday's games. When you've taken 44 of your points in one-goal games — a number which doesn't count four times they've scored into an empty net, or the three times the other team has, bringing them to a total of 32 of their 40 games effectively being decided by a single goal — you tend to rocket up the table, and you seem to be doing so in an unsustainable way.
But where the Anaheim Ducks are concerned, this is actually not the case.
Somehow, since 2009-10, the Ducks have gone 73-30 in one-goal games that were decided in regulation. That winning percentage (.708) dwarfs the next-closest team's .580. And so at some point, you perhaps have to say that this is something of a repeatable skill the Ducks have for themselves. An odds-defying, almost inexplicable skill, but a skill nonetheless.
Prior to last night's home game against Nashville, that means the Ducks had played in 416 regular-season games, 103 of which were decided by a single goal in regulation. The 146 points they wrung from them accounts for nearly 30 percent of their 506 points over what would be slightly more than five 82-game seasons. But the thing is, almost everything about the team has changed in that time. Randy Carlyle got the boot in 2011-12, when he drove the team into the ground possession-wise and basically cratered the club at just 80 points in 82 games. Since Bruce Boudreau took over, though, there's been almost no interruption of the run of success in one-goal games, and if anything it's intensified.
That 2009-10 team featured just three players that are still with the club (Ryan Getzlaf and Corey Perry, obviously, but also Matt Beleskey). None of the goalies are still around, none of the defensemen, and only three forwards. Two of whom are basically irreplaceable. And since the coach has also changed, it's safe to say that of the major players in the organization who are still around and would be able to influence on-ice play, it's really just those three guys and GM Bob Murray. And Murray certainly probably doesn't have the secret formula to a type of roster construction that guarantees that type of success in close games.
Because here's the other thing about the Ducks: They're 25th in the league in corsi over that time (roughly 16,800 for, and 18,300 against, so this is a huge sample). Now, a lot of that play comes under Carlyle, who is a demonstrably awful coach, and their CF% under him was a lot worse (45.9 percent) than it is under Boudreau. But the current 49.6 percent since the coaching change on Nov. 30, 2011, is still 19th over that time, so while it's a huge improvement, they're still not where you'd conceivably like them to be.
The thing is, there really isn't a score situation in which the Ducks are a dominant possession team, meaning that we have to take their high PDO both overall during this time (100.8, tied for third in the league) in more recent years (a league-leading 101.3 since Boudreau took over) at face value. Their even-strength shooting percentage since 2009-10 is tied for fourth in the league, and their save percentage is tied for 10th. That's a pretty good recipe for success over five seasons' worth of games, and under Boudreau both numbers have actually increased.
A good save percentage is, of course, sustainable, as long as you have good goaltenders, and the Ducks have become the Predators in terms of churning out good goaltenders (Jonas Hiller to Viktor Fasth to Frederik Andersen and John Gibson is a pretty solid run of both high-quality netminding and good goalies). Likewise, players of Perry and Getzlaf's quality drive shooting percentage to a silly extent: the Ducks shoot 9.9 percent and 10.3 percent, respectively, at even strength when they are on the ice. Those numbers rank them fourth and eighth in the NHL over that time.
So at some point the Ducks are obviously going to lose a one-goal game this year, but they'd have to lose a lot of them in a row to come back to league average or anywhere close to it. Seriously, they could lose the rest of their games this season by a single goal in regulation and still be a game above .500 since 2009-10.
A lot of that is luck, because absolutely no one is that good. And some of it is looking more every day like a repeatable skill that comes from having certain players on their roster. All of it is just weird.
What We Learned
Anaheim Ducks: Or, put another way, the Ducks “know how to win.” *deafening fart noise continues until the universe collapses under its own weight*
Arizona Coyotes: So now they have a real owner. And he can still leave soon under the team's lease. I'm still not convinced this is a solid situation. Don't see how anyone could feel that way.
Boston Bruins: Oh this is getting hilarious. Can't wait for my tax dollars to go towards Shawn Thornton's police escort from the airport.
Buffalo Sabres: Zemgus Girgensons getting a starting All-Star spot is the best thing that ever happened at the All-Star Game. Hope he gets picked ahead of Phil Kessel.
Calgary Flames: Speaking of All-Stars, are we really wondering whether Jiri Hudler should make it? We are? Oh, okay.
Carolina Hurricanes: The Hurricanes are really good at killing penalties. I bet a lot of it has to do with their .898 save percentage when they're shorthanded. They're sixth in the league in that number, and ninth in shots against per 60. Good combination. Maybe try whatever that is at even strength to.
Chicago Blackhawks: Kris Versteeg's probably out for a month, and the Blackhawks are going to miss him. Remember when no one wanted that guy on their team? Hockey's funny.
Colorado Avalanche: Hockey's also easy when you get to play the Oilers.
Columbus Blue Jackets: If the Jackets don't make the playoffs, can you really hold it against them? Like, whatever happens this year has to be considered playing with house money to some extent. Their finish in the standings has no bearing on actual team quality here.
Dallas Stars: Let's not all look at once but the Stars are 8-1-0 in their last nine, and are 9-3 since the start of December. Might they actually be getting their heads on straight (or rather, getting the bounces)?
Detroit Red Wings: The Wings are still daydreaming about Tyler Myers for some reason.
Edmonton Oilers: Shoulda done this 31 games ago!!!!! Good asset management.
Florida Panthers: The last time Roberto Luongo allowed a goal in Buffalo was Feb. 11, 2006. Now, granted, he's only played there three times since then, but still, three straight shutouts.
Los Angeles Kings: The Kings scored three goals in 87 seconds to tie a game that was 6-3 with 2:02 left. Then they lost 18 seconds into overtime. Getting a point out of that situation, though, is bananas. Hockey, man. It's inexplicable.
Minnesota Wild: Mike Yeo can't make the Wild's goalies good. I don't know how this is his fault. Like, okay Darcy Kuemper, a backup for the entirety of his young career, was your best option. And now people are like, “Oh no the sky is falling in the State of Hockey.” Well I mean, this is what you signed up for, yeah? They're tied for eighth in possession numbers for the season, but their on-ice save percentage is three thousandths of a point above Edmonton's. Hmm is it the team that's bad or the goalies? Hmm.
Montreal Canadiens: The Habs are back on top in the East. It's been a weird year.
Nashville Predators, America's Favorite Hockey Team: Speaking of that Preds OT winner, it was a pretty nice one from Roman Josi.
New Jersey Devils: Patrik Elias is closing in on 1,000 points in his career. Real great player for a real long time.
New York Islanders: Ah how I long for a place that keeps actual track of passing efficiency for everyone. Turns out the Islanders are really good at it. Oh man I love this stuff.
New York Rangers: The Rangers are on 10 wins in their last 11 games and now they have someone around whom they can rally. Worked during the playoffs last year.
Ottawa Senators: The interchange between Bobby Ryan and Erik Karlsson for this overtime game-winner is wonderful.
Philadelphia Flyers: The Flyers have dropped five straight. Allowed 19 goals in those games. Turns out their defense and goaltending is bad. Unforeseeable, really.
Pittsburgh Penguins: The Penguins and the City of Pittsburgh are being sued because of how they're developing the land where they Igloo used to be. Aren't municipal politics fun?
San Jose Sharks: Joe Thornton missed his first game since Nov. 11, 2010, on Saturday. He's so great. This sport is going to miss him when he goes.
St. Louis Blues: TJ Oshie is really boosting that trade value lately.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Seems like every Ben Bishop start from now on is another sand through the hourglass. This team is very rightly in love with what Andrei Vasilevskiy will do for them in the very near future.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Hahahahahahahahahahahahaha. Hahaha. Haha. Hoo boy.
Vancouver Canucks: Ryan Miller has been more or less league average for the Canucks this season, but capable of the occasional great performance. Eddie Lack is still a roughly equivalent goalie at this point.
Washington Capitals: This is probably going to work a little better than the Jay Beagle experiment.
Winnipeg Jets: It wasn't so long ago the Winnipeg media was trying to run Dustin Byfuglien out of town. Now that they're getting competent goaltending it's amazing how opinions of a really good defenseman have shifted, eh? He's been great this whole time.
Play of the Weekend
I'm not sure Jaden Schwarz meant to do this (I think it deflects off Barclay Goodrow's skate) but man what a pass anyway.
Gold Star Award
Jaromir Jagr of the New Jersey Devils skates toward the bench as fans throw hats onto the ice after Jagr scored a hat trick against the Philadelphia Flyers n January 3, 2015 at the Prudential Center in Newark, New Jersey (AFP Photo/Elsa)
Shout out to Jaromir Jagr for his first hat trick since 2006. Oldest guy in league history to ever do it. Wayne Simmonds on the feat: “Everything he does now, he's just setting records. It sucks that it happened against us, but as a hockey fan myself, it's nice to see it.”
Minus of the Weekend
Cap Geek
Horrible news about CapGeek and its founder over the weekend. Get well soon to Matthew Wuest.
Perfect HFBoards Trade Proposal of the Week
User “Oleg Petrov” might like the Bruins.
To BOS: Evander Kane
To WPG: Milan Lucic
Signoff
You french great.
Ryan Lambert is a Puck Daddy columnist. His email is here and his Twitter is here.
Commencement at Princeton University in New Jersey in June 2013. (Michael Nagle/Bloomberg)
Princeton University, one of the world's most selective schools, is considering what would be the second significant expansion of its undergraduate enrollment since the turn of the century.
Princeton President Christopher L. Eisgruber, who took office in July 2013, said Tuesday the Ivy League university in New Jersey is examining whether to launch another round of growth several years after its undergraduate population rose more than 10 percent.
“I am inclined to do this,” Eisgruber said during a visit to The Washington Post on Tuesday. “I think it's important.” He said no decisions have been made. But he cited expansion plans at Yale and Stanford, two of Princeton's peers, saying that elite private institutions can grow without sacrificing quality.
[Stanford looks at expansion.]
“At our level of higher education, the problem isn't affordability,” he said. “Our students graduate with very little debt. … The problem is scarcity. And if we can do something about it, we should.”
Princeton President Christopher L. Eisgruber (Denise Applewhite/Princeton University)
From 2001 to 2006, federal data show, Princeton's undergraduate enrollment averaged about 4,700. It then rose steadily, crossing 5,000 for the first time in fall 2009. In the past three years, Princeton's undergraduate total has settled at an average of about 5,350.
Demand for admission to Princeton and other top-tier universities is huge. Princeton reported in March that it had offered admission to 6.99 percent — the university used that level of precision in a news release headline — of 27,290 applicants for the incoming class of 2019. A little more than 1,300 were projected to enroll.
An expansion could boost the entering class in future years by more than 100.
“These are tiny numbers, obviously, by comparison to the great state universities,” Eisgruber said.
Eisgruber, 53, a scholar of constitutional law, holds a bachelor's degree in physics from Princeton and a law degree from the University of Chicago. He served as provost at Princeton from 2004 to 2013 before he was named the 20th president of a school that traces its founding to the colonial era.
One of Eisgruber's most illustrious predecessors, Woodrow Wilson, served as Princeton's president from 1902 to 1910 before he was elected the 28th president of the United States.
In his conversation with The Post, Eisgruber indicated that he is striving to make his top-ranked university more accessible but that he also is a fervent guardian of the traditions of a liberal arts education.
He said Princeton has diversified significantly in recent years. In 2001, he said, the share of undergraduates with family income low enough to qualify for federal Pell grants was 6 percent. The share in the class that entered last fall, he said, was 18 percent.
How far will the trend continue?
“There's not a numerical target,” Eisgruber said. “Right now, the best-in-class institutions are slightly above 20 [percent]. … We believe that we can do more for the world if we continue to admit more students from socioeconomically disadvantaged backgrounds. And I'm not satisfied at 18 [percent]. We will continue to try to push that up.”
Many analysts in recent years have suggested that online education will “disrupt” higher education. Princeton, too, is participating in an experiment with massive open online courses, known as MOOCs, on the Web site called Coursera. It offers free online courses from name-brand universities to the world.
[More about MOOCs: Elite education for the masses.]
But Eisgruber seems somewhat skeptical of predictions of an online education revolution.
“A couple of years ago, if I were going to have a conversation with just about anybody about education and what was happening, it would all be about ‘the online,'” Eisgruber said. “The enthusiasm and the hype that existed a couple years ago has been tempered by some of the results that we're seeing across higher education.”
He said there is evidence that completion and success rates for online education, in some cases, are disappointing. Which is not to say that technology is not changing teaching, research and learning. But Eisgruber extolled the enduring power of residential education.
“The returns on a traditional face-to-face style of education, are very, very strong,” he said.
Asked whether he believes reports of the “death” of the lecture have been exaggerated, Eisgruber replied: “Yes, I do.”
Good lectures, he said, are relatively inexpensive and can motivate students. Good online lectures, he said — meaning they have engaging and interactive qualities — are expensive and hard to produce. There is much talk these days of “flipping” classrooms — that is, giving students their lectures online and having them work on projects in class.
“It's hard to flip a classroom effectively,” Eisgruber said. “A talking head online is something that produces rapid disengagement,” he said. Even when listening to a superb lecturer in an online format, he said, “the temptation to get up to get a cookie, or a glass of water, or to walk away from this is tremendous.”
Asked about Princeton's recent change in its grading policy, Eisgruber said he is surprised in retrospect that the issue raised such a stir. In an effort to combat grade inflation a decade ago, Princeton declared that no more than 35 percent of grades in undergraduate courses in a given department or program should be A's. Eisgruber supported the “grade deflation” initiative at the time.
“We need to tell students that a B-plus is not the end of the world,” he said.
But he said the initiative soon became “a subject of near-obsessive concern.” People focused on the policy as “a kind of quota.” It was said to be causing great stress among some students, leading to students claiming that it played a role in relationship breakups and other troubles. After he became president, Eisgruber asked faculty to revisit the policy. It was scrapped in 2014.
Asked whether the university has seen a surge in grade inflation since the change, Eisgruber said: “We have not. It's only been a year.”
Last fall, the Office for Civil Rights in the U.S. Department of Education wrapped up a four-year investigation of how Princeton handles sexual violence reports. It concluded that Princeton in some respects had violated the federal anti-discrimination law known as Title IX.
Eisgruber, asked about those findings, said he would not dispute them. He said the university has overhauled its procedures to bring them into compliance with federal law. One key change: The standard for weighing evidence in sexual misconduct cases is now “preponderance of the evidence.” That translates to “more likely than not” — a lower threshold for a finding of responsibility in sexual misconduct disciplinary matters than the “clear and persuasive” standard the university had previously used.
[Post/Kaiser survey finds 1 in 5 young women say they were sexually assaulted in college.]
But Eisgruber said the university must focus on prevention of assaults through programs that teach students about “bystander intervention” and how to maintain respectful relations with each other in matters such as establishing consent for sexual activity.
Students need to know, he said, “this isn't a game. This is something very important in life and the well-being of other people.”
BY: Follow @LizWFB
An executive order issued by President Barack Obama that was designed to "cut red tape" has added $10.2 billion in regulatory costs to the economy, according to a new report.
Tuesday was the third anniversary of Executive Order 13563, prompting the American Action Forum to examine the effects of the order. It was intended to reduce "redundant, inconsistent, or overlapping" regulations.
The order was hailed as "unprecedented" by the president and former Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs (OIRA) administrator Cass Sunstein. However, Sam Batkins, director of regulatory policy at American Action Forum, found that the action was hardly unique and has had the opposite effect of its intended purpose."Has Washington actually cut red tape? On net, final rules from Order 13563 have added more than $10.2 billion in costs, mostly from new regulations labeled as ‘retrospective,'" Batkins said. "Final rules have cut 7.9 million hours of paperwork, but Dodd-Frank and the Affordable Care Act have easily outpaced those deregulatory gains."
The "deregulatory measures" resulting from the executive order actually add over $10 billion in costs to the economy. For example, a final rule imposing energy standards for transformers carries a $5.22 billion cost to comply and 58,320 hours of paperwork.
Taken with the proposed regulations under the executive order, the total burden to the economy would reach $13.7 billion.
President Obama promised that the order would reduce paperwork in a January 2011 Wall Street Journal editorial.
"We're also getting rid of absurd and unnecessary paperwork requirements that waste time and money," he wrote. "We're looking at the system as a whole to make sure we avoid excessive, inconsistent, and redundant regulation."
The order has added 1.5 billion hours of paperwork to comply with its regulations. "As for the aggregate level of red tape, in fiscal year 2010, the federal government imposed 8.8 billion hours of paperwork," the report said. "Today, that figure is 10.3 billion hours, a 17 percent increase, despite this ‘unprecedented reform.'"
"It would take more than 750,000 employees working full-time to complete the new annual paperwork added since 2010," Batkins said.
Regulations under the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) take 653 million hours of paperwork to comply, a 26 percent increase since the executive order was issued.
Other rules intended to save regulatory costs have resulted in millions of hours of extra paperwork. A "Positive Train Control" rule that removed some regulatory provisions for rail safety saved $645.7 million but resulted in 3.9 million additional hours of paperwork.
The report also found that the administration is recycling regulations in order to achieve savings, citing at least 39 proposed or final rules that were initiated before the executive order, and 15 that were introduced under the George W. Bush administration.
Sunstein claimed in 2011 that the executive order would achieve $10 billion in savings. Batkins did note that the effort has led to cost cutting, including $940 million in savings and 9.8 million less paperwork hours from a Medicare and Medicaid hospital reform rule.
Overall he found $8.7 billion in savings, still short of the regulatory burden that has resulted from the administration's plan to cut red tape.
"The White House has repeatedly claimed that Order 13563 is unprecedented, but a cursory review of the record proves there is nothing unique about their efforts," the report said. "Every President since Jimmy Carter has issued an executive order on regulatory reform, and even President Carter urged agencies to ‘periodically review' existing regulations."
"President Obama's deregulatory measures have actually resulted in more than 1.5 billion hours of paperwork and $10.2 billion in new net costs," Batkins said. "The only aspect of recent regulatory reform that is unprecedented is that the administration has the temerity to recycle old regulations and claim them as part of a historic ‘retrospective review.'"
PiCluster is a great platform to manage and orchestrate Docker containers. Although it started as a way to manage my Raspberry Pi's, it can be run on any operating system that supports Node.js and Docker. PiCluster has been under heavy development lately and I like to share what is new in v1.9.
The Node status page has been completely redone. Instead of a text window showing you the nodes that are in the cluster, you will now be greeted with a more visual display that has icons and statistics for each node.
ELK stack is a very useful tool for system administrators to analyze data and log files. The Kibana dashboard is the graphical web interface used to run reports, graphs, and check logs. PiCluster can now embed the Kibana dashboard to provide administrators with a unified view to manage their clusters and logs. Kibana is accessible through the operations menu. To enable Kibana, add your Kibana endpoint in config.json:
"kibana": "https://127.0.0.1:5601"
In previous releases, PiCluster could run shell commands on a single node or cluster wide. In this release, there is now an interactive terminal that can connect to any node in the cluster easily. This functionality makes it easier to handle more complex tasks that require entering a series of shell commands.
I hope that you try out PiCluster and enjoy the direction that it is heading. Feedback and feature requests are always appreciated. The best way to do this is via GitHub or Twitter.
Twilight, made with my new rearing pattern, is a commission for. She is made of Lilac, Midnight Blue, Fuschia and Purple minky, with applique eyes and cutie marks. Her wings and tail are wired for support, and her tail is weighted for balance. She is 17" tall to the top of her head.I just LOVE how this girl looks. Her expression in particular makes me happy every time I see it! The pictures really don't do this one justice. I can NEVER seem to photograph purple minky colors so that they turn out looking like they do in real life! She's much more purple than she looks here. I learned a few things with this plush - chiefly that if I'm going to make ponies with this pattern, they need to have LONG tails. Twilight here balances on the tip of her tail, but would be much more secure if there was more tail in contact with the substrate.
Today's. Mill. Is. A. Tribute. To. Louis. Van. Gaal. It. Is. Going. To. Be. Gruelling. Flipping. Reading. If. It. Continues. Like. This. But. Don't worry. Because it won't. Things will soon flow much quicker and smoother. There will be pace and pizzazz. At Old Trafford. Because Manchester United are getting the money together to give the manager what he wants in January. Now don't get things wrong: the Mill is not saying the harrowing style of football inflicted by Van Gaal so far this season has been part of a plot to extort more money for transfers; the Mill is merely noting the club has reportedly reached the decision to take its spending under the Dutchman even further beyond the quarter of a billion pound mark and is confident that if it does so, United will eventually overtake Leicester City.
And what's the best way to overtake Leicester City? Well, by taking them over. United are not quite going to go that far but they are said to be contemplating bids for the club's two outstanding players, magical winger Riyadh Mahrez and the Premier League top scorer/England utility man, Jamie Vardy. But United is also looking at other players who could liven up their wing play, including Southampton's Sadio Mané, Lazio's Felipe Anderson and Anwar El Ghazi of Ajax.
Football Weekly: Tottenham take it to Arsenal as Crystal Palace clip Klopp's wings Read more
Another centre-forward is also on United's wishlist just in case Wayne Rooney's performances ever fall below the stratospheric level at which Van Gaal maintains he always plays, and something tells the Manchester club that Newcastle's Mike Ashley would be willing to sell Ayoze Pérez, or almost anyone else, come to think of it.
But the Newcastle manager and director Steve McClaren has a cunning plan for partnering or possibly replacing Pérez: repatriating Andy Carroll to Geordieland. It might just work you know.
Chelsea are still reeling from shock of not being able to turn around the fortunes of Radamel Falcao following his hapless stint at United but they remain undeterred. And with Diego Costa not looking very dangerous this season, at least not in terms of goalscoring, the Premier League strugglers are considering making a move in January for Javier Hernández, the former United striker now at Bayer Leverkusen.
Now, what is the first thing that comes to mind when the Mill says Windass? Well banish that thought because that's not what we're going to talk about this time. Yes, rather than Dean, we're talking about his son, Josh Windass, the Accrington Stanley midfielder whose beauty Arsène Wenger is thinking about guiding towards fulfilment, or something.
Meanwhile, Jürgen Klopp has genuflected before his club's revered transfer committee and beseeched them to try to sign ... oh, come on, Liverpool fans, don't leave before the sentence is even finished! All we're been saying is, Klopp wants Liverpool to nab Barcelona winger Cristian Tello, presently on loan at Porto.
You can go now. All you'll miss is word that Manchester City are interested in Aly Malle, the 17-year-old Malian forward who plays for AS Black Stars and has been on a trial with Cologne.
Locked in a media war with a bearish analyst, ESPN is promoting revised data from Nielsen indicating that cord-cutting wasn't nearly as bad last year as earlier reported.
Bowing to what the New York Post called "client pressure," Nielsen removed broadband-only homes from its sample, and is now reporting that 1.2 million homes cut the cord in 2015. Earlier, the research company had reported 4.33 million homes lost for the pay-TV ecosystem.
"Nielsen's correction reinforces what we've said all along, that the vast majority of consumers prefer the multichannel bundle," ESPN parent company Disney said in a statement.
ESPN has been under the crosshairs of late for BTIG Research analyst Richard Greenfield, who has posted almost weekly takedowns of the network's business model. Greenfield argues that ESPN, which is the highest earning cable network bringing in nearly $7 per subscriber, is facing a rapidly declining customer base and audience reach, and is in a bit of trouble, as a result.
Starting with an extensive Q&A in the Wall Street Journal by ESPN President John Skipper two weeks ago, ESPN is starting to fight back in the media war with Greenfield.
Last summer, Nielsen released data suggesting that ESPN had lost 7 million subscribers in a little under two years. This assertion was somewhat confirmed in an earnings announcement conducted in August by Disney CEO Bob Iger, and Disney's share price has suffered ever since, dropping nearly 22 percent over the last six months.
Remarking on the change to the Nielsen cord-cutting data, Greenfield told the Post, "If this is an important issue for ESPN, they should start releasing actual subscriber numbers rather than relying on third parties [Nielsen]. If they are upset with the confusion, let's see the actual number of paying subscribers in the US over five years."
For more:
- read this New York Post story
Related articles:
Talk of ESPN's demise full of 'hyperbolic drivel,' analyst says
ESPN's Skipper: Cord shaving dinging subs, but ad sales and revenue stronger than ever
Despite pay-TV subscription losses, ESPN in line for significant ad revenue increases in 2016
Witnessing the scene, Susan E. Rice, the national security adviser, looked baffled and annoyed. Joined by her deputy, Benjamin J. Rhodes, she ducked under the rope to make her way closer to the president. The two were immediately stopped by the same Chinese official, who angrily challenged them. Asked later what happened, a diplomatic Ms. Rice replied, “They did things that weren't anticipated.”
There were further surprises. At the West Lake State House, where Mr. Obama met President Xi Jinping, White House aides, protocol officers and Secret Service agents got into a series of shouting matches over how many Americans should be allowed into the building before Mr. Obama's arrival. There were fears the confrontation would become physical.
“Calm down, please,” an American official said, according to a pool report. A Chinese foreign ministry official said, “Stop, please,” adding, “There are reporters there.”
To some in Mr. Obama's delegation, it was reminiscent of the rough treatment he received on his first trip to China, in 2009. Then the Chinese refused to broadcast on state television a town-hall-style meeting; packed the hall with Communist Party loyalists; and censored an interview he gave to a Chinese publication. At the time, many viewed the treatment as a metaphor for a rising power flexing its muscles with a young president from a superpower in decline.
In later visits, the White House has pushed the Chinese for better news media access — with some success. In November 2014, the Chinese agreed to have Mr. Xi take questions at a news conference with Mr. Obama in the Great Hall of the People. When I asked Mr. Xi about the Chinese government's refusal to renew visas for foreign correspondents, including some from The New York Times, he offered a curt lecture. When one's car breaks down, he said, “perhaps we need to get off the car and see where the problem lies.”
On Thursday's broadcast of the Fox News Channel's “Special Report,” columnist Charles Krauthammer argued that the Clinton Foundation is “a kind of racket. It's a place, it's a holding pen for Clinton Inc. It's a way to bring money in to launder it” that needs to be shut down.
Krauthammer said, [relevant remarks begin around 3:15] “The fact that the Clintons are announcing that they would not take this or that donation is irrelevant. They need to shut it down. They should have been shut down at the beginning. It really is a kind of racket. It's a place, it's a holding pen for Clinton Inc. It's a way to bring money in to launder it and to push it out into the hands of their hangers-oners. That's what it's done. It's been extremely effective. But, you know, how many times do you have to occupy the White House? If you do it twice, you know you're going to have a comfortable retirement. You don't need this.”
Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett
SINGAPORE: Major car dealers have agreed to remove restrictions on warranties and related documents, announced the Competition Commission of Singapore (CCS) on Monday (Dec 11).
The commission said this in a press release after concluding its inquiry into the supply of car parts in Singapore.
Advertisement
In its findings, CCS said it was concerned about dealers requiring customers to service or repair their vehicles exclusively at the respective dealers' authorised workshops, to ensure that the warranty remains valid.
"To address this, CCS has raised its concerns with the major car dealers and have worked with them to remove the warranty restrictions from their car warranties and related documents," the commission said in the press release.
All major car dealers have agreed to make the relevant changes to the warranty terms by CCS, it said.
All agreed changes to the warranty terms for existing warranties and new warranties will be implemented by Dec 31.
Advertisement
Advertisement
CCS said such restrictions had deterred car owners from using independent workshops and thus the ability to compete effectively with authorised workshops.
The restrictions also allowed dealers to void warranties if the car had been serviced or repaired previously at an independent workshop.
CCS added that with the changes, car dealers are allowed to void warranties or reject claims only if the damage to be claimed under the warranty was in fact caused by the independent workshops.
The inquiry was carried out to better understand how the operations of the car parts market and the effects of market features of competition.
Another finding by CCS was that importation and wholesale distribution of car parts are generally competitive. Car parts can be obtained from a large number of suppliers located in Singapore and overseas, the commission said.
While there is limited supply for parts which are replaced infrequently or that belong to niche models, CCS said this is due to the small number of buyers and sellers in the market.
CCS also found that technical information, equipment and diagnostic tools are generally available. This is despite car manufacturers and their authorised car dealers not supplying such inputs to independent workshops.
"This is because independent workshops are generally able to gain access to viable alternatives such as those supplied by third-party equipment suppliers," said CCS.
Reuters has found that more than 15 percent of Facebook's U.S. staff are immigrants employed through H-1B temporary work visas.
Based on a review of U.S. Labor Department filings for 2016 regarding temporary visa programs, Reuters found 3,339 workers of approximately 22,000 Facebook employees working in the U.S. were employed directly through H-1B temporary visas.
At over 15 percent, Facebook had the highest percentage of H-1B contractors of any U.S. tech operating company.
Breitbart News has reported that although there are only new 85,000 H-1B temporary visas granted by the U.S. State Department each year, there are about 650,000 H-1Bs working in the American private sector, roughly 100,000 H-1Bs employed at U.S. universities, and an unknown number of H-1B spouses issued green card work permits.
The Reuters report came in the same week that the White House released its “Buy American and Hire American” initiative aimed launching a review of trade deals and immigration policies negotiated by his predecessors that the President claims unfairly disadvantage American corporate competitiveness and hurt U.S. worker wages.
The H-1B program was originally designed to import extraordinarily brilliant and talented foreigners, like the next Albert Einstein, to conduct research and development projects at U.S. technology companies and universities, temporarily.
But the White House stated, citing congressional studies, that 80 percent of the approved H-1B applications were for the two lowest wage levels allowed, indicating that companies routinely abuse the H-1B visa program to replace American workers with lower paid foreign workers.
Breitbart News has reported numerous examples of U.S. tech workers being replaced by India-based contractors importing H-1B temporary visa labor at about 60 percent of the cost of hiring an American tech worker.
Once the H-1B contractors learn job duties, the U.S. jobs can be permanently offshored at about 75 percent savings, according to a February 2017 San Francisco Business Times review of the role of H-1B's in outsourcing Pacific Gas and Electric jobs to India.
Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg began funding FWD.US in 2013, which allied with other business groups to lobby for expanded rules to allow U.S. companies to hire more cheap foreign white-collar professionals — such as H-1B contract workers — instead of American graduates. But the push for “comprehensive immigration reform” failed during the Obama administration after the Democrats lost 9 Senate and 13 House seats in the 2014 elections.
Facebook only ranked as the fifth-largest user of H-1B foreign temporary workers in 2016 in absolute terms — behind the 23,028 at Apple, 9,620 at IBM, 9,589 at Microsoft, and 7,649 at Amazon. Even those numbers may be understated, because they do not include any of the 180,000 H-1Bs tech companies rent from the major big tech labor contractors, including Cognizant, Wipro, Infosys and Tata.
In our previous article we attributed Cruz's emphatic defeat of Trump in the Wisconsin primary to the discomfort some Christian voters feel about Trump's occasional coarseness, and the endorsement Cruz received from popular Republican Governor Scott Walker.
We have since learned that eight Super PACs, funded by ultra rich Internationalists, spent millions of dollars flooding the Wisconsin airwaves with anti-Trump adverts. Several of these Super PACs are openly campaigning for Cruz and the others represent groups who are willing to pave the way for a Cruz victory in order to defeat Trump and his Nationalist followers.
All the adverts deliberately grossly misrepresented Trump's policies including assertions that he supports all abortion and supports Obamacare. It seems that Trump is right when he says that Cruz is a liar and quite unprincipled.
Those who visit our website and still support Cruz over Trump should ask themselves why the whole Republican establishment is against the Party's frontrunner, why the billionaires are eager to promote Ted Cruz and why Obama is now devoting his bully pulpit to attacking only Trump.
Meanwhile there is no let-up in the Wall Street Journal's attacks on Trump. The newspaper's Far Left reporters and its ‘conservative' editorial board and Opinion Writers, have finally found a cause on which they can all unite. It is no surprise that Bret Stephens has devoted himself to Trump‘s defeat, for Stephens is an ‘Israel First' American and a committed Internationalist. Nor is it surprising that Karl Rove, whose financial career depends on organizing Super PACs for ‘moderate' Republican losers, is hostile to a candidate who funds himself and who will look for winners for his team.
Holman W. Jenkins Jr. who normally writes the Journal's Business World column, is another anti-Trump fanatic who casts accuracy to the winds when attacking The Donald. His latest article is pure propaganda and in desperation to please his paymasters he has returned to the theme that Trump has never been serious about seeking the Presidency. His latest claims to be a Trump obituary that is overdue.
His evidence for this nonsense begins with the claim that Trump has put up no money. Never mind that Hillary, Bernie, Cruz, Kasich and all the other drop-outs have only spent other people's money and never their own. Never mind that Trump has employed a campaign team that has been organizing rallies across the Nation, has been paying all his own transport costs and using his own jet, that he has employed security teams, rented great stadia and forfeited business time.
He then alleges that Trump has used his campaign to “flog his golf courses, product lines and related business interests”. This is an accusation as dishonest as anyone can sink to. It is clear to any observer that Trump has put his business interests in jeopardy in Post-Revolutionary America where the Ruling Class and its Far Left allies use their power to punish local bakers and photographers who offend them. He has also put the lives of himself and his family at much greater risk than any other candidate. I would regard this as the best evidence of all determination and a selfless purpose.
Another evidence of Trump's lack of Presidential ambition is that he has not “met the Media's demand that he fill out an acceptable picture of a president -in-waiting”. “He certainly was willing for voters to award him the office by acclamation, without having to risk his fortune or submit to the usual indignities” Jenkins must be kidding for Trump has suffered indignities like no other candidate in living memory. In what way have Cruz, Kasich, Bush, Clinton, Sanders et al risked their fortunes?
The rest of Jenkins' miserable, dishonest hit piece is devoted to a defense of a system that may deny Trump the candidacy despite dwarfing every other candidate in Republican votes. According to Jenkins, Trump and Cruz are minority tastes within the Republican Party and therefore deserve to be denied a victory. So any ‘moderate' picked by a process of behind-the-scenes horse-trading at the Convention will be a ‘majority' taste? These WSJ scribblers are despicable!
Incidentally, Kasich, who the WSJ would regard as a smart pick has yet to win as many delegates as Marco Rubio, who gave up campaigning two months ago. Poor Ted Cruz has been the target in New York of very disruptive protests. We can only conclude that he has brought this upon himself with the bigoted climate of his meetings!!! Perhaps he should sack his advisors.
Stock markets don't want a strong economy, since a resurgence in growth would mean the end of cheap money and heighten worries about inflation, said Bob Doll, chief equity strategist at Nuveen Asset Management.
"So many people want a strong economy. Beware of what you ask for. I think a decent economy is required for the stock market, but not a strong one," Doll said on "Squawk on the Street" Thursday. "A strong one will bring the questions, 'When is the Fed done? When is inflation coming back? When is the end of the cycle?'"
(Related: ECB's Draghi: Easy Monetary Stance as Long as Needed)
"If your objective is to find jobs for our kids, absolutely you want a strong economy," he added. "But if you want a strong stock market, at least in the near term, you want a good but not great economy."
Doll expects companies to begin spending more vigorously by the end of the year, hiring more workers and increasing capital expenditures, and although it won't result in a strong economy, we will be "heading in the right direction."
Stock markets will only go higher if companies show revenue growth, he said: "That's been kind of scarce of late. If we don't get revenue growth, the stock market will stop going up."
Doll doesn't see a big dip on the way, however, because commodity prices are down, central banks around the world are continuing to pump money into markets, and housing continues to improve, which "has huge economic and psychological impact," he said.
(Related: Roubini: Fed Risking Sequel to 2008 Financial Crisis)
"I think we'll be OK, no better than that, but OK," Doll said, adding that the market is struggling with the potential of deflation, which would certainly have a negative impact on earnings growth.
Right now, though, the markets are getting the "benefit of the doubt" because of strong earnings, but this can only happen for "so long" if revenue growth falls short, he said.
Uncertainty is causing companies to hold on to cash or return it to shareholders via buybacks and dividends, but Doll noted, "It's not great for the economy, but great for the stock market."
Any questions? I thought not. Image courtesy of Shutterstock.
Sometimes a rude question is also a sincere one. Take, for example, an inquiry I hear quite often: Do lesbians really find butch women attractive? As a butch woman, it is impossible to ignore the implication that, for certain people, women like me are the least attractive creatures on the planet. Umbrage-taking aside, however, the question raises the issue of whose standards of beauty apply in a queer female context. And sorry, hetero guys, but they're not yours.
In fact, butch lesbians often do quite well when it comes to attracting female attention. Better than our straight butch peers, at any rate: I have a friend who is straight, masculine-of-center, and perpetually aggrieved by how often women seek her out and flirt with her, as compared with the men she's actually interested in. For whatever reason, it seems that masculinity in women is something that some ladies really respond to. While there are males out there with a penchant for butchness, the anecdotal evidence of my straight butch friend, not to mention the overwhelming femmeness of the women our mass media uses to attract male viewers and sell them products, strongly suggests that this is a somewhat rarer phenomenon.
I myself have felt a strong attraction to some of my fellow butch dykes. There's a uniquely butch self-confidence, an insouciant swagger that draws my eye when I see butches out in public. This distinctive attitude and its charms may be due, in part, to the fact that every butch knows full well that she doesn't look the way most people expect women to look, and yet she's found the confidence to persevere in spite of the side-eyes and the disapproving thin-lipped faces of people marching past, eyes averted.
But that's just me. In order to treat this question with the seriousness it deserved, I took the liberty of asking some of the more feminine, more conventionally attractive, lesbians of my acquaintance just what it is that makes butchness so darned irresistible.
“It's like a pheremonic, energetic, physical thing,” my friend Madeline of the band Unstraight (or Ashley Blum when she's not rocking), told me. “Androgyny is hot. Short hair, or mohawks, the way [butch women] dress, the way they wear their clothes, that attitude … it's all just really, really, really hot. I can't even tell you.”
“They make me nervous, but, like, in a good way,” said Cassandra Urquhart. (Full disclosure: She and I are married.)
The reason it seems so unlikely that many lesbian and bi women find butches attractive is that the commonly understood meaning of “attractive” is nearly synonymous with “gender-conforming,” especially for women. While an attractive man might have full lips or large, expressive eyes, a woman cannot deviate significantly from standard notions of femininity without being considered ugly.
In the queer community, however, this is much less the case. Queer culture has always recognized, and celebrated, people who deviate from the gender norms imposed in the dominant heterosexual culture. There is space among queers for drag queens, trucker dykes, and for anything and everything found in between (or totally outside of) those extremes of masculinity and femininity. This room in queer culture for gender-bending aesthetics also allows room for definitions of attractiveness that don't hew closely to manly man-ness and feminine girlitude. An attractive butch woman is not a pretty girl wearing men's clothing (although that, too, can be highly attractive). She's something else—her own creature entirely.
What any given person does and does not find attractive is deeply personal—there are no right or wrong answers when it comes to feelings of desire. That is as true for heterosexual men who prefer their ladies thin and pretty as it is for lesbians who like their women masculine of center. Yet the dominant version of what is and isn't considered attractive can bring a lot of baggage with it—ask any man who prefers fat women to thin, for instance, about the social stigma that can come with bucking societal expectations in that area. Straight people are too often guilty of defining attractiveness quite narrowly, refusing to open themselves up to the possibility that anything outside their narrow, highly gender-specific options could be attractive. Men in makeup can be sexy. So can shorthaired women in flannel.
In the interest of fully exploring the minds of women who find butches sexy, I also asked Madeline and Cassie how they felt about a related stereotype about butch women—that we are all obese and ugly.
“That's totally untrue,” said Madeline. “First off, obesity isn't ugly, even if it's not my preference. But I have yet to date an obese or ugly butch woman, and I've dated a lot of butch women.”
“It's not true that all butch women are fat and ugly,” Cassie agreed. “Although the butch women who I personally am most attracted to are the fat and ugly ones.”
Thanks, babe. Your preferences are noted.
“Why can't Christians have the freedom to say ‘No' to what they want to say no to? The LGBT community continues to target Christians to try to get us to accept their lifestyle. It ain't gonna happen. God calls homosexuality sin — take it up with Him if you don't like it. He is the one who defines sin, not me. As a Christian of course I don't hate gays, I love them and want them to know the truth. If they choose to live that lifestyle, they certainly have the freedom to do so in this country — but don't tell me what I have to believe or participate in.
“I appreciate the fact that Cathy Miller stood up for her beliefs. She's the owner of Tastries Bakery in Bakersfield, CA, and she refused to go against her convictions and create a custom wedding cake for a same-sex couple. There will be another hearing on February 2, so we need to pray for Cathy and for our religious freedoms to be upheld. The courts should never be able to force Christians to go against what the Word of God teaches.” – Franklin Graham, in a Facebook post that's been shared over 13,000 times.
Here's a great story about Presidents Harry Truman and Dwight Eisenhower. Apparently, as he left office, Truman expressed a belief that his successor, Dwight Eisenhower, would become very frustrated because he could not issue orders in the same way that he had as a general.
Truman had experienced how hard it was to get things done in a government bureaucracy. He learned that even if a president issued a command, it did not mean that various departments of the government would implement it as he wished.
As it turned out, though, Eisenhower was quite adept at making decisions, without necessarily relying on an autocratic style of giving orders. Eisenhower had been an interesting, and not necessarily conventional, choice as supreme allied commander of the mission to liberate Western Europe during World War II. He was not considered a great military strategist, nor had he had the success in the battlefield of other American and British commanders.
However, Eisenhower knew how to pull a team together, particularly one with many strong personalities. He could listen to diverse views, build commitment and shared understanding, and then get to closure efficiently. Eisenhower was effective at leading fair and legitimate decision processes. Eisenhower got to closure through a step-by-step process. He was always inducing debate but then seeking common ground intermittently. He was seeking agreement on small points amid larger disagreements.
Linear or Nonlinear Progress?
The traditional prescriptive model of decision making suggests that we should go through a linear progression of divergence and then convergence. The model suggests that you should diverge in the early stages of a decision process, gathering as many diverse perspectives and views as possible. Then you should try to converge, narrowing down the options and coming to a decision.
However, my research suggests that the most effective way to achieve closure is not to pursue such a linear process. My research suggests that effective leaders, such as Eisenhower, pursue an iterative process of divergence and convergence. They stimulate debate, but they are always on the lookout for areas of common ground. Those moments of agreement help the group avoid extreme polarization and dysfunctional conflict, and they help build momentum toward closure.
Pursuing Small Wins to Achieve Cohesion
The idea is that leaders should pursue small wins throughout the decision process, rather than waiting to converge toward the end of the process. Andrew Venton and his management team demonstrate an effective process of small wins, ultimately leading to efficient closure. Why are small wins important? In a classic article, Karl Weick argued that small wins are the key to solving apparently intractable problems. Small wins bring new allies together and give people proof that they can reconcile differences constructively. One agreement serves as a catalyst for more productive debates and further agreements down the line.
Two obstacles are overcome by a small wins approach: One is cognitive, and the other is socioemotional in nature. The cognitive obstacle in many complex decisionmaking situations is that individuals experience information overload. Ambiguity and complexity become overwhelming. The socioemotional obstacle is that many decision makers experience frustration, stress, and personal friction during complex situations. Weick also points out that we match our capabilities to situations; if we sense a mismatch, then we get very anxious, and that interferes with our ability to solve problems. Breaking large, complex problems into smaller parts and then gaining small wins on those parts can be an effective way of dealing with these cognitive and socioemotional obstacles.
The Army has decided to bring in better technology from other countries to reduce infiltration through the various mountainous passes in the Kashmir Valley and in Rajouri and Poonch districts of Jammu region. The decision followed the Pakistan army's success in infiltrating around a hundred militants using these routes, despite surveillance.
General Officer, Srinagar based 15 Corps, Lieutenant General J.S. Sandhu told the media that they were in the process of getting some modern and smarter equipment to counter infiltration all along the LOC in J&K.
These efforts were started in November, but many Pakistani militants infiltrated the Kashmir Valley in spite of that. The Army already has a robust counter infiltration grid in Kashmir and during the current year they were able to eliminate about 70 infiltrators along the LOC.
The Army and the BSF have been using the latest equipment on the J&K border to target infiltrators. They have been using high power cameras, thermal sensing cameras, state-of-the-art long range reconnaissance and observatory system (LORROS) along with surveillance radars. The Army has also been using unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVS) to monitor the movement of militants on the launch pads in Pakistan occupied Kashmir (POK).
The Army has fears that Pakistan may try to push in many infiltrators in December, before snowfall blocks all infiltration routes for the next four-five months.
The Army has put in its best efforts to contain militancy and perhaps they have signalled to the political leadership of New Delhi to take their efforts further by way of dialogue and reconciliation in Kashmir.
Meanwhile, Jammu and Kashmir DGP S.P. Vaid on Thursday hailed the Army for “operation all out”, after five militants were killed in twin encounters of Pakharpora and Sopur. He tweeted that the encounter of 200 militants this year is a huge landmark and will bring peace in the valley.
The Army has also launched a number of programmes for the valley's youths to wean them away from violence and also organised many musical shows, cricket tournaments in this direction. Recently, the Army launched one of the most massive cordon and search operations in the forests of Zirhama Lolab up to Kiran belt after they received inputs that many militants were waiting to sneak inside the Kashmir valley in this belt. The Army officially called off this operation on Thursday after more than a week of extensive searches in the forest.
Georgia GOP Candidate Receives Suspicious Package – Neighbors Receive Vulgar, Threatening Letters with White Powder
Republican candidate for Congress Karen Handel received a suspicious package in the mail on Thursday.
Her neighbors received vulgar, threatening letters.
Handel is running for Congress in the Georgia District 6 race against out-of-district Democrat Jon Ossoff.
Handel's neighbor's received threatening vulgar notes in the mail.
This is today's left in action: threats, violence, and vulgarity.
WSBTV has a report:
The letters that were sent to Karen Handel and her neighbors are still being tested.
Powder found in anonymous, anti- Karen Handel letter ruled to baking soda. Powder in letters sent to Handel and neighbors still being tested pic.twitter.com/pgsGfh6bds — Duffie Dixon 11Alive (@DuffieDixon) June 15, 2017
Local reporter Mike Petchnik reported:
Two large trucks with Gov't plates just arrived to #KarenHandel's neighborhood to aid investigation into suspicious letters. pic.twitter.com/8131k9dWKR — Mike Petchenik (@MPetchenikWSB) June 15, 2017
Police went mailbox to mailbox down Handel's street to check for the letters with white powder.
Breaking: Cops going mailbox to mailbox in #KarenHandel's neighborhood after "suspicious package" found near her home. pic.twitter.com/ZE7ND0Mtm1 — Mike Petchenik (@MPetchenikWSB) June 15, 2017
FILE - In this May 21, 1979 file photo, feminist activist Kate Millett, right, laughs, during a surprise birthday party for her niece, Kristan Vigard, in New York. Millett, the activist, artist and educator whose best-selling "Sexual Politics" was a landmark of cultural criticism and a manifesto for the modern feminist movement, has died at 82, it was reported on Thursday, Sept. 7, 2017. (AP Photo/Ron Frehm, File)
PARIS (AP) — Kate Millett, the activist, artist and educator whose best-selling work “Sexual Politics” was a landmark of cultural criticism and a manifesto for the modern feminist movement, has died at 82.
Millett's book was among the most talked-about works of its time and remains a founding text for cultural and gender studies programs. Her impact reached across generations and across borders — and condolences filled social networks in multiple languages Thursday.
Millett died of a heart attack Wednesday while on a visit to Paris, according to a person who spoke on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to speak for the family. The publishing house that carried her books in French also confirmed her death.
“Sexual Politics” was published in 1970 in the midst of feminism's so-called “second wave,” when Gloria Steinem, Betty Friedan, Millett and others built upon the achievements of the suffragettes from a half-century earlier. Together they challenged assumptions about women in virtually every aspect of society.
Among Millett's 21st-century fans was TV star and writer Lena Dunham, who tweeted: “So sad to hear about Kate Millett's passing. She pioneered feminist thought, de-stigmatized mental illness, wore massive fashion glasses.”
Steinem posted a tribute on Facebook: “As Andrea Dworkin said, ‘The world was asleep, but Kate Millett woke it up.' Sexual Politics -- and all Kate's work -- will keep us Woke.”
“Sexual Politics” chronicled centuries of legal, political and cultural exclusion and diminishment of women, from the “penis envy” theory of Sigmund Freud to the portrayals of women as disrupters of paradise in the Bible and Greek mythology. She labeled traditional marriage an artifact of patriarchy and concluded with chapters condemning the misogyny of authors Henry Miller, D.H. Lawrence and Norman Mailer, but also expressing faith in the redemptive power of women's liberation.
“It may be that a second wave of the sexual revolution might at last accomplish its aim of freeing half the race from its immemorial subordination — and in the process bring us all a great deal closer to humanity,” she wrote.
While countless women were radicalized by her book, Millett would grow to have bittersweet feelings about “Sexual Politics,” which later fell out of print and remained so for years. She was unhappy with its “mandarin mid-Atlantic” prose and overwhelmed by her sudden transformation from graduate student and artist to a feminist celebrity whose image appeared on the cover of Time magazine.
Amused at first by her fame, Millett said she was worn down by a “ruin of interviews, articles, attacks.”
“Soon it grew tedious, an indignity,” she wrote in the memoir “Flying,” published in 1974.
She was dubbed by Time to be “the Mao Tse-tung of Women's Liberation,” and rebutted by Mailer in his book “The Prisoner of Sex,” in which he mocked her as “the Battling Annie of some new prudery.”
Meanwhile, she faced taunts from some feminists for saying she was bisexual while she was married but not saying she was gay. During an appearance by Millett at Columbia University, an activist stood up and yelled, “Are you a lesbian? Say it. Are you?”
“Five hundred people looking at me. Are you a Lesbian?” Millett wrote. “Everything pauses, faces look up in terrible silence. I hear them not breathe. That word in public, the word I waited half a lifetime to hear. Finally I am accused. ‘Say it. Say you are a Lesbian!'
“Yes, I said. Yes. Because I know what she means. The line goes, inflexible as a fascist edict, that bisexuality is a cop-out. Yes, I said, yes I am a lesbian. It was the last strength I had.”
Millett's books after “Sexual Politics” were far more personal and self-consciously literary, whether “Flying” or “Sita,” a memoir about her sexuality in which she wrote of a lesbian lover who committed suicide. “The Loony Bin Trip” chronicled her struggles with manic depression and time spent in psychiatric wards.
“There is no denying the misery and stress of life,” she wrote. “The swarms of fears, the blocks to confidence, the crises of decision and choice.”
The daughter of Irish Catholics, Millett was born in 1934 in St. Paul, Minnesota, and was long haunted by her father, an alcoholic who beat his children and left his family when Millett was 14. She attended parochial schools as a child and studied English literature at the University of Minnesota and St Hilda's College, Oxford, from which she graduated with honors.
Millett lived briefly in Japan, where she met her future husband and fellow sculptor Fumio Yoshimura. They moved to Manhattan in 1963 and divorced in 1985.
She joined the National Organization for Women and began attracting a following for her sculptures, which appeared in Life magazine and has been exhibited worldwide. Through her own Women's Liberation Cinema production company, she directed the acclaimed feminist documentary “Three Lives.” She also founded the Women's Art Colony Farm in Poughkeepsie, New York.
Millett taught at several schools, including the University of North Carolina and New York University. In 1968, she was fired from her job as an English lecturer at Barnard College, a decision that stemmed at least in part from her support of student protests against the Vietnam War. The extra free time allowed her to complete “Sexual Politics,” which began as her doctoral thesis at Columbia.
Employees of the French publishing house Editions des Femmes held an impromptu gathering Thursday when they learned of her death, sharing memories of a woman who came regularly to Paris for more than 40 years to share ideas and plan out activism.
“She was a pioneer, a pillar of global feminism ... a true creator,” said longtime friend Catherine Guyot at the publishing house. “We were not always in agreement. We talked about going beyond feminism ... but she always discussed with pleasure.”
Millett was honored several times late in life. In 2012, she was given the Pioneer Award from the Lambda Literary Foundation and the same year was presented a Courage Award for the Arts prize by her longtime friend Yoko Ono. Millett was inducted into the National Women's Hall of Fame in 2013 and, in her acceptance speech, reflected on her years as an activist.
“The happiness of those times, the joy of participation, the excitement of being part of my own time, of living on the edge, of being so close to events you can almost intuit them. To raise one's voice in protest, just as the protest is expressed in life, in the streets, in relationships and friendships,” she said. “Then, in a moment of public recognition, the face of the individual becomes a woman's face.”
Steinem said Millett's ashes would be brought home but information about memorial arrangements was not immediately available.
___
Italie reported from New York.
Using Ember Simple Auth 1.0 with Devise
Server-side setup
These instructions assume you're using the default Devise configuration and models. As token authentication is not actually part of Devise anymore, there are some customizations necessary on the server side.
First, a new column for the authentication token must be added to the users table:
class AddAuthenticationTokenToUser < ActiveRecord :: Migration def change add_column :users , :authentication_token , :string end end
That authentication token must be auto-generated by the model on creation:
class User < ActiveRecord :: Base before_save :ensure_authentication_token def ensure_authentication_token if authentication_token . blank? self . authentication_token = generate_authentication_token end end private def generate_authentication_token loop do token = Devise . friendly_token break token unless User . where ( authentication_token: token ). first end end end
By default, Devise's sessions controller only responds to HTML request. In order for it to work with Ember Simple Auth it must also respond to JSON. To achieve that, define a custom sessions controller (if HTML responses are not needed the format handling can be left out of course):
class SessionsController < Devise :: SessionsController respond_to :html , :json def create super do | user | if request . format . json? data = { token: user . authentication_token , email: user . email } render json: data , status: 201 and return end end
and configure Devise to use that controller instead of the default one:
MyRailsApp :: Application . routes . draw do devise_for :users , controllers: { sessions: 'sessions' } end
The Rails application must authenticate users by their authentication token and email if present:
class ApplicationController < ActionController :: Base before_filter :authenticate_user_from_token! # Enter the normal Devise authentication path, # using the token authenticated user if available before_filter :authenticate_user! private def authenticate_user_from_token! authenticate_with_http_token do | token , options | user_email = options [ :email ]. presence user = user_email && User . find_by_email ( user_email ) if user && Devise . secure_compare ( user . authentication_token , token ) sign_in user , store: false end end
The Rails application should also not issue session cookies but authentication should be done exclusively via the authentication token as described above. The easiest way to disable sessions in Rails is to add an initializer config/initializers/session_store.rb and disable the session store in that:
Rails . application . config . session_store :disabled
The backend app also needs to support Cross-Origin Resource Sharing, so you need to install rack-cors :
Add it to the Gemfile:
gem 'rack-cors' , :require => 'rack/cors'
In config/application.rb , add:
module YourApp class Application < Rails :: Application # ... config . middleware . insert_before 0 , "Rack::Cors" do allow to do origins '*' resource '*' , :headers => :any , :methods => [ :get , :post , :options ] end end
Use the console to create a User before moving to the Ember part.
> User . create! email: "user@example.com" , password: "password"
The front-end side
Using ember-cli, create the app:
ember new frontend
Make sure you're using Ember >= 2.0.0 .
Install the addon ember-simple-auth :
ember install ember-simple-auth
Then run bower install && npm install .
This example app will have basically 3 pages: a landing page (where we'll show information about the app), a login page and a dashboard page (only logged users can see).
First, make the application.js route extend ApplicationRouteMixin .
The ApplicationRouteMixin mixin defines actions that are triggered when authentication is required, when the session has successfully been authenticated or invalidated or when authentication or invalidation fails or authorization is rejected by the server.
// app/routes/application.js import Ember from 'ember' ; import ApplicationRouteMixin from 'ember-simple-auth/mixins/application-route-mixin' ; export default Ember . Route . extend ( ApplicationRouteMixin );
Now, the landing page. Create a file named index.hbs on app/templates/ and move the <h2 id="title">Welcome to Ember</h2> from app/templates/application.hbs to that file. Both templates should look like this:
<!-- app/templates/application.hbs --> {{outlet}}
<!-- app/templates/index.hbs --> <h2> Welcome to Ember </h2>
Habemus landing page! On to the login page now.
Using ember g , generate a route named login :
ember g route login
That will create two files ( app/routes/login.js and app/templates/login.hbs ), will add a route to app/router.js and create unit tests as well.
A /login now exists and you can link to. Add the following code to the bottom of your landing page:
{{#link-to 'login'}}Login{{/link-to}}
And make login route extend UnauthenticatedRouteMixin provided by ESA.
import Ember from 'ember' ; import UnauthenticatedRouteMixin from 'ember-simple-auth/mixins/unauthenticated-route-mixin' ; export default Ember . Route . extend ( UnauthenticatedRouteMixin );
And add some content to app/templates/login.hbs :
<!-- app/templates/login.hbs --> <h2> Login </h2>
Now, you have to create a login-form component to handle the login.
ember g component login-form
In app/templates/components/login-form.hbs , add:
<!-- app/templates/components/login-form.hbs --> <form {{ action " authenticate " on= "submit" }} > <label for= "identification" > Login </label> {{input value=identification placeholder="Enter Login"}} <label for= "password" > Password </label> {{input value=password type="password" placeholder="Enter Password"}} <button type= "submit" > Login </button> </form> {{#if errorMessage}} {{errorMessage}} {{/if}}
And add the login-form component on the login template, the app/templates/login.hbs file should look like this:
<!-- app/templates/login.hbs --> <h2 id= "title" > Login </h2> {{login-form}}
The login-form component calls authenticate when the form is submitted, but there's no authenticate action on it yet. Add it:
// app/components/login-form.js import Ember from 'ember' ; export default Ember . Component . extend ({ actions : { authenticate : function () { alert ( "Hey! I tried, but I don't know how to authenticate." ); } } });
As the component alerted, it does not know how to authenticate the session. We have to extend the devise authenticator ember-simple-auth gives us.
Authenticators implement the concrete steps necessary to authenticate the session. An application can leverage several authenticators for different kinds of authentication mechanisms (e.g. the application's own backend server, external authentication providers like Facebook etc.) while the session is only ever authenticated with one authenticator at a time.
Create a file named devise.js on app/authenticators/ and add the following code:
// app/authenticators/devise.js import Devise from 'ember-simple-auth/authenticators/devise' ; export default Devise . extend ({ serverTokenEndpoint : 'http://localhost:3000/users/sign_in' });
If your app is proxying your API server you don't need to customize the serverTokenEndpoint like we did, but if you're not, you have to.
We will need an authorizer too. Thankfully, ESA provides a Devise authorizer out of the box, you just need to extend it.
Authorizers use the session data acquired by the authenticator to construct authorization data that can be injected into outgoing network requests. As the authorizer depends on the data that the authenticator acquires, authorizers and authenticators have to fit together.
Create a file named devise.js on app/authorizers/ and add the following code:
// app/authorizers/devise.js import Devise from 'ember-simple-auth/authorizers/devise' ; export default Devise . extend ({});
You also need to tell the application adapter to use it on all Ember Data requests:
// app/adapters/application.js import DS from 'ember-data' ; import DataAdapterMixin from 'ember-simple-auth/mixins/data-adapter-mixin' ; export default DS . JSONAPIAdapter . extend ( DataAdapterMixin , { authorizer : 'authorizer:devise' });
Now, you have to update our login-form component. You need to inject ember-simple-auth's session and update the authenticate action.
The session service is the main interface to the library. It defines to authenticate, invalidate and authorize methods as well as the session events as shown above.
The session store persists the session and all of its data so that it survives a page reload. It also synchronizes the authentication status across multiple tabs or windows so that when the user logs out in one tab or window of the application, all sensitive data is also cleared in other tabs or windows of the same application as well. If the application does not define a session store, the adaptive store which uses localStorage if that is available or a cookie if it is not, will be used by default.
// app/components/login-form.js import Ember from 'ember' ; const { service } = Ember . inject ; export default Ember . Component . extend ({ session : service ( 'session' ), actions : { authenticate : function () { let { identification , password } = this . getProperties ( 'identification' , 'password' ); return this . get ( 'session' ). authenticate ( 'authenticator:devise' , identification , password ). catch (( reason ) => { this . set ( 'errorMessage' , reason . error ); }); } } });
You also need to update the 'connect-src' attribute on contentSecurityPolicy:
// config/environment.js contentSecurityPolicy : { 'connect-src' : "*" }
Now, you create the dashboard page, make it protected and redirect the user after login or a logged user accessing the root of the application.
Generate the route:
ember g route dashboard
Customize the template with secret information and add a link to logout:
<!-- app/templates/dashboard.hbs --> <h2> Dashboard </h2> <p> Peter Parker is Spider-Man </p> <a href= "#" {{ action ' logout '}} > Logout </a>
Now, make app/routes/dashboard.js inherit from ember-simple-auth's AuthenticatedRouteMixin and add a logout action to it:
import Ember from 'ember' ; import AuthenticatedRouteMixin from 'ember-simple-auth/mixins/authenticated-route-mixin' ; const { service } = Ember . inject ; export default Ember . Route . extend ( AuthenticatedRouteMixin , { session : service ( 'session' ), actions : { logout () { this . get ( 'session' ). invalidate (); } } });
Last but not least, tell ember-simple-auth to redirect the user to dashboard if he's already authenticated and the route the user should go after the being authenticated.
... ENV [ 'ember-simple-auth' ] = { routeAfterAuthentication : 'dashboard' , routeIfAlreadyAuthenticated : 'dashboard' } ...
And now the app is working!
That wraps it up! It was a long post, but I hope you managed to make your app work. If you have something to say, hit me up on Twitter, I'm @romulomachado_ there.
See you in the next one!
Changed authenticate action on app/components/login-form.js .
action on . Removed base from ENV['ember-simple-auth'] on config/environment.js . (Thanks @elidupuis for the heads-up!)
Made app/routes/login.js extend UnauthenticatedRouteMixin . (Thanks Vladimir!)
extend . (Thanks Vladimir!) Removed deprecated store from ENV['ember-simple-auth'] on config/enviroment.js .
from on . Updated installation instructions for ember-simple-auth : 1.0.0 was merged.
Did some refactoring on ApplicationController .
. Added devise authorizer. (Thanks Tobias Schlottke!)
Updated some ESA concepts.
Brought back old ApplicationController , the refactored one was not working. (Thanks @kyleshevlin for pointing it out!)
, the refactored one was not working. (Thanks @kyleshevlin for pointing it out!) Added rack-cors step to server-side setup.
Share this post on Twitter or find another one to read here.
Gun debate highlights everything awful about the U.S. Senate From awful punditry to filibuster hypocrisy, the debate over gun reform is the worst of American politics
The Washington Post reported yesterday evening that "senators might be on the cusp of a breakthrough" on gun legislation, after weeks of "stalled negotiations" leading to many observers pronouncing gun control doomed. (Though as Dave Weigel points out, the "all gun legislation is in deep trouble" idea arose mostly because Congress hasn't been in session and hence no work has been done on any legislation.) The savior: Pennsylvania Republican Pat Toomey, who is now negotiating with Democrat Joe Manchin, after it was determined that Oklahoma Republican Tom Coburn was not worth wasting any additional time on. Toomey, you see, needs to win reelection in Pennsylvania, so he is going to be more reasonable than someone who won't have to work very hard at all to win reelection in Oklahoma.
This is basically the way eminent Washington political elites like to pretend that the Senate is supposed to work, and the way they imagine it worked in the idealized past: A very conservative Democrat (from a tiny state) finding common ground with a Republican colleague. The fact that these careful negotiations are required when there are almost certainly already 51 votes for comprehensive background checks isn't considered particularly distressing or embarrassing. (Negotiations previously seemed on the verge of collapse because no agreement could be brokered between Chuck Schumer, a senator representing 19.5 million people, and Tom Coburn, a senator representing 3.8 million people.) A supermajority must be courted if the senators representing the will of the regular majority of Americans hope to get their way.
Advertisement:
There is a villain in the easy narrative, too: extremists! Specifically, Rand Paul and a band of conservatives, who have promised to filibuster. Oddly, despite most senators -- especially Republican senators -- agreeing that filibusters are a Cherished Senate Tradition, this promise has received a bit of criticism.
John McCain said yesterday that he doesn't understand a threat to filibuster any gun control legislation that comes up for a vote. While many of us don't understand why John McCain, a senator with no leadership position or major national following, is constantly on Sunday news chat shows, we can perhaps help him to figure out what this filibuster thing is about.
Here's what McCain said on CBS' “Face the Nation”:
“I don't understand it. The purpose of the United States Senate is to debate and to vote and to let the people know where we stand.”
Well. That's certainly one way of looking at the purpose of the United States Senate, though it's not a very popular interpretation among senators themselves.
McCain is one of the few senators who can boast of having defeated attempts to kill the filibuster twice, once when he was a member of the 2005 "Gang of 14" that preserved the filibuster while also allowing for the confirmation of a number of Bush judges, and once at the beginning of this year, when the effectively meaningless "filibuster reform" proposal he crafted with Carl Levin became the apparent blueprint of the "compromise" Harry Reid agreed to in January. The compromise preserved -- strengthened, probably -- the 60-vote threshold that now subjects all Senate business to the approval of the minority party and, often, the whims of the biggest cranks in that party. McCain then joined the filibuster of Caitlin Halligan, whom President Obama had nominated to the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. Her nomination was withdrawn, and the court remains free of Obama appointees. Before this, McCain filibustered Obama's 9th Circuit Court of Appeals nominee Goodwin Liu. McCain also filibustered Chuck Hagel, a filibuster done primarily to set the precedent that Republicans can filibuster even defense secretary nominees, and he filibustered Richard Cordray, Obama's choice to head an agency Republicans are hoping to filibuster into nonexistence or irrelevance. Those aren't the showy, talky sorts of filibusters, though, so they do not offend McCain's sense of decency, like Rand Paul does when he speaks to the chamber instead of quietly voting "no" on cloture motions.
But if the purpose of the Senate is to debate and to vote, and filibusters interfere with that purpose, McCain has a bit of explaining to do. (Maybe he will explain next Sunday on one of those awful shows. If someone bothers to ask him about it.)
Advertisement:
Still, it is easy to figure out why Rand Paul and Ted Cruz and various nonentities who wish to be associated with Rand Paul and Ted Cruz have preemptively promised to filibuster any gun control legislation: Because people like John McCain have worked quite hard to protect their rights to halt any legislation they please whenever they want for any reason. People like John McCain have done everything they could to make an already undemocratic body even more undemocratic, because doing so helps people like John McCain pretend they are power brokers and statesmen instead of members of organized political parties representing various interests, elected by people who assume that the party label next to the name is a reliable indicator of how that person will vote once in office.
Senators aren't the only people committed to the ideal of a Senate full of independent, moderate mavericks. Bad pundits basically eat that shit up. And on the subject of What Is Wrong With the Senate, bad pundit Chris Cillizza has written the most inane political column in the history of political columns. It is utterly ahistorical, full of lazy banalities, wholly devoid of insight and it could've been written at any point in the last 20 years. If IBM told the development team behind Watson to build an AI capable of writing centrist political analysis columns, that machine would almost certainly write a more interesting and informative column than this one.
This is the dullest imitation Broderism -- things used to be better, when grand old moderate men who respected other grand old moderate men ran everything, before the damned liberals and conservatives showed up -- I can recall reading in some time. So, the Senate sucks now, because it is more like the House, apparently. (The House of Representatives is America's more democratic legislative body -- though it still grants more power to rural than urban areas -- and Beltway elite types hate it because it is loud and full of idiots, like America.)
Things were better before!
Advertisement:
The Senate was once regarded as the home of the great political orators of the time — not to mention the body where true dealmaking actually took place. Its members prided themselves on their cool approach to legislating, in contrast with the more brawling nature of the House. Senators, generally, liked one another — no matter their party — and weren't afraid to show it, either personally or politically.
For years, the Senate was also known as where civil rights and anti-lynching bills go to die, because some of those great political orators devoted their oratory to protecting white supremacy, backed up by violence, at any cost. Many of those racists were much-liked by their fellow senators, of course.
Then we get to the examples, to prove that things are bad now. First, there is now too much "partisanship," which means party discipline. This happened in part because Republicans became much more disciplined, but also because after the Civil Rights Era conservatives became Republicans and liberals (and moderates) became Democrats, leaving fewer -- and then no -- random outlier liberal Republicans and conservative Democrats to grant meaningless "bipartisan" approval to liberal and conservative measures.
Second, the filibuster, sort of:
Advertisement:
Then, the blockading. As The Post's Juliet Eilperin noted in a Fix post last week, there are currently 15 judges nominated by President Obama awaiting votes by the full Senate. Thirteen of the 15 — or roughly 87 percent — of those nominees were approved unanimously by the Senate Judiciary Committee. And even those who get votes often have to wait forever for them. On March 11, for example, the Senate confirmed Richard Taranto for the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit by a vote of 91 to 0, 484 days after the president nominated him — and he's far from the only example of that trend.
Did you notice that Cillizza forgot to say "filibuster" in that paragraph?
Finally, the only point Cillizza actually cares about, "the nastiness." Cillizza says the problem is that so many senators now come from the House, though he is forced to acknowledge that the nastiest new senators -- Ted Cruz, Rand Paul and Mike Lee -- did not come from the House.
Look, here are a bunch of charts about polarization that Cillizza could've checked out before he wrote this column in 10 minutes. He might've learned some stuff! Like that the moderation of the postwar period was actually a weird anomaly. American politics have been otherwise highly polarized since the early days of the Republic. Cillizza also could've read this big Adam Liptak piece in the New York Times about the anti-democratic effect of the Senate's inherent small-state bias and how the normalization of the filibuster has only made the problem worse. He could've checked out this editorial in his own newspaper, by Thomas Mann and Norm Ornstein, pointing out that the "polarization" problem is primarily a problem of Republicans getting much, much more conservative.
Advertisement:
These are all points that anyone who has been reading blogs and articles by any number of prominent historians and political scientists (and random smart bloggers!) over the last few years is already familiar with. Cillizza, obviously, has not been reading any political scientists or historians. He has maybe never read anything by any political scientists or historians? He has maybe only been watching Chuck Todd on MSNBC?
If gun control ends up failing, I guarantee that people like Cillizza will continue to long for the days of Civility and Moderation, and the role "moderates" play in enabling extremists will likely only be mentioned by left-wing blogger cranks whom no one takes seriously.
HANOVER, N.J. – For as many returning players as the New York Red Bulls boast, their league-best defensive core from 2015 was conspicuously altered during Sunday's season opener.
Of course, ironman Luis Robles was once again standing between the pipes for New York, playing 90 minutes for the 107th consecutive MLS regular season game, the second-longest streak in MLS history. However, the centerback duo that was so often seen in head coach Jesse Marsch's starting XI was not to be seen on the day.
And while Matt Miazga won't be coming back any time soon following his sale to Chelsea, Red Bulls fans can surely count on the return of Damien Perrinelle.
After suffering a torn ACL in the first leg of New York's matchup with DC United in the Eastern Conference semifinals last year, the Frenchman has been working his way back to the pitch ever since.
During preseason, Perrinelle split his time between New Jersey and his native France in his road to recovery. And on Wednesday afternoon, Perrinelle returned to the team's training facility in high spirits.
“I'm really happy to be back here,” he told NewYorkRedBulls.com. “I'm happy to get back into the locker room with my teammates. Plus it's a beautiful day, so it's even better.”
He may not have been able to participate in Sunday's match, but that doesn't mean Perrinelle wasn't working.
While back home, Perrinelle ditched the shin pads and picked up a microphone to try his hand at an analyst position, if only temporarily.
“I was on a TV show about MLS in France which aired on Eurosport, so I was able to watch the game on Sunday night,” he explained. “For sure I was disappointed by the result, but not by the way we played. I think we have to keep on going and get better for the next game.”
Despite the 2-0 defeat to Toronto FC, Perrinelle was pleased with his team's defensive performance in his absence. And like so many others, the Frenchman was full of praise for newcomer Gideon Baah.
“It's never easy, but even more so for a centerback in our system with the way that we play,” Perrinelle added. “It's very different than what other teams ask of their centerbacks, but I thought Gideon played very well in his first game. Alongside Ronald [Zubar], I think they put together a very good performance against [Sebastian] Giovinco and Toronto. Unfortunately, Toronto scored two goals, but you can have nothing bad to say about the backline.”
For as valuable as his analysis can be, both teammates and fans alike are anxious to see his return to the pitch. Admittedly, he still has a good deal of work ahead of him, but the 32-year-old continues to make progress and is nearing full fitness with each passing day.
“I'm now three months and one week out from surgery, and I started to run two weeks ago,” he said. “Day-by-day, the knee is getting better; it's reacting really well. I'm just going step-by-step."
The median salary for Chicago Public Schools teachers was $78,169 as of June. Teacher Amanda Rachmaciej at Dever Elementary is seen here. View Full Caption DNAinfo files/Heather Cherone
CHICAGO — Chicago teachers are expected to vote to authorize a strike next week after months of negotiations over teacher pay — and how many teachers will contribute to their pensions — have faltered.
The $5.4 billion Chicago Public Schools budget, adopted in August, relies on a contract proposal rejected by the union in February that would raise teachers' pay but require them to contribute more to their pensions.
With the debate set to begin in earnest after the strike authorization vote set for Sept. 21-23, here's what you need to know:
The median salary for nearly 18,000 teachers employed by CPS as of June was $78,169, according to an analysis of CPS data. Teachers get a median of $27,564 in benefits, including pension payments and insurance. The DNAinfo analysis excluded teachers who hold multiple part-time positions in one or more schools.
The four-year CPS contract proposal — based on a report compiled by an independent fact finder — includes an 8.75 percent increase in teachers' wages and a cap on new charter schools. It also offers "steps and lanes," automatic bumps in teacher pay that kick in with seniority and experience.
But the offer also includes the so-called "pension pickup," which would require teachers to contribute 9.4 percent of their salaries into their own pension fund.
"We remain open and willing to listen to any ideas that the [union] leadership presents," CPS spokeswoman Emily Bittner wrote in an email.
By state law, 9.4 percent of teachers' yearly salaries has to be paid into their retirement fund. As of now, teachers put 2 percent of their salaries into their own pensions, while CPS "picks up" the other 7.4 percent.
Teachers do not contribute to and are not eligible for Social Security when they retire.
Mayor Rahm Emanuel has called on teachers to be part of the solution to bridging the CPS budget deficit, estimated at $1 billion.
CPS leaders have said that having teachers pick up the full pension contribution would be a fair sacrifice, given the school system's dire financial situation.
"CPS' continued objective is to give teachers a fair raise that works within our budget constraints, especially since we just passed a tight budget that included significant tax hikes on Chicago homeowners, central office staffing reductions and revenue from Springfield," Bittner said.
The proposed pay raise and "modest" new health care benefits "more than offset the gradual phaseout of the pension pickup," Bittner wrote.
CPS officials expect health care costs to rise 6 percent a year, but teachers would only pay an additional 1.5 percent toward health care premiums over the life of the contract, under the CPS proposal.
But Chicago Teachers Union President Karen Lewis has said any labor agreement that works out to a pay cut for teachers — as union officials contend the CPS contract proposal does — is dead on arrival.
CPS agreed to pay part of teachers' pension contribution in 1987 in place of a pay raise as part of contract negotiations.
The average retired teacher got a monthly pension payment of $4,210 last year, according to the Chicago Teachers' Pension Fund.
Union officials say teachers are not overpaid — nor are their pensions gold-plated.
"You need to compare teachers to people with similar jobs, responsibilities and education requirement," said Nathan Goldbaum, a coordinator for the Chicago Teachers Union. "If you compare the salaries of CPS teachers to others who are similar, it is much lower."
The average U.S. classroom teacher earned a salary of $57,379 during the 2014-15 school year, according to the National Education Association. In Illinois, the average was $60,124.
The CPS pay scale allows Chicago teachers to get paid more than their counterparts elsewhere, but not before putting in sometime.
"The starting salary for a full-time teacher in CPS is extremely competitive versus surrounding districts and other large urban districts nationwide and helps our search for new teachers," Bittner said. "The rapid salary growth after a teacher's first year also helps in attracting new teachers to CPS."
CPS teachers have one of the highest starting salaries among the largest American school districts, Bittner said.
Five percent of CPS teachers earn a salary of $50,653, the baseline set for newly minted teachers with a bachelor's degree.
"Chicago is one of the best places to be a teacher, particularly based on salaries," Bittner said. "We support and recognize the hard work our teachers do, which is why we want to make sure that they're fairly compensated and that this contract provides the most generous raise we can afford given our budget constraints."
In Illinois, 24 school districts — all in the Chicago suburbs — have a higher base teacher pay than CPS for first-year teachers with a bachelor's degree, according to state Board of Education data. The north suburban Glenbrook High School District leads the state with a minimum pay of $56,206.
Seven suburban districts have higher base pay at the top end of the scale, including south suburban Thornton Township, where salaries hit $86,530 after 13 years. North suburban New Trier pays first-year teachers $54,373, but the scale tops out after nine years at $70,685 for teachers with bachelor's degrees.
Teachers with master's degrees at New Trier could earn at least $118,750 after 20 years. For CPS teachers with a master's, the base pays cale tops out at $89,534 after 16 years.
Steps and lanes
CPS teachers with more advanced degrees get higher starting pay and are placed in different "lanes." All teachers are on the same "step" schedule, which provides increases in base salary each year for teachers for up to 16 years, although the schedule has been frozen since the contract expired last year.
Those "step" raises based on seniority are in addition to raises won in negotiations and range from about 1.4 percent to 4.1 percent for teachers with bachelor's degrees.
Teachers also get hourly pay for extracurricular work, such as coaching sports teams and leading after-school clubs.
Goldbaum said the current structure provides "objective criteria for a future career" for CPS teachers.
Goldbaum said the future of the pension pickup would have to be weighed against an increase in salary, with the desired result for the union "up to the negotiators."
"We're fighting for a system inspired to help young people," Goldbaum said.
For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:
OSGATA joins 60 family farmers, seed businesses and organic agricultural organizations represented by the Public Patent Foundation (PUBPAT) in filing a lawsuit against Monsanto on March 29, 2011. This preemptive seeks ruling that would prohibit Monsanto from suing organic, as well as other non-transgenic, farmers and seed growers if their seed were contaminated by Monsanto's trademark Roundup Ready seed.
The case, Organic Seed Growers and Trade Association et al. v. Monsanto, was filed in federal district court in Manhattan, NY, and assigned to Judge Naomi Buchwald.
“This case asks whether Monsanto has the right to sue organic farmers for patent infringement if Monsanto's transgenic seed should land on their property,” said Dan Ravicher, PUBPAT's Executive Director and Lecturer of Law at Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law in New York. “It seems quite perverse that an organic farmer contaminated by transgenic seed could be accused of patent infringement, but Monsanto has made such accusations before and is notorious for having sued hundreds of farmers for patent infringement, so we had to act to protect the interests of our clients.”
Read the full press release. For more information, including up-todate news, click here.
Fukuiraptor ("thief of Fukui") was a medium-sized megaraptoran theropod dinosaur of the Early Cretaceous (either Barremian or Aptian) that lived in what is now Japan.[1]
Description and history [ edit ]
The type specimen is a partial skeleton (designated FPDM-V97122) discovered in the Kitadani quarry near Katsuyama in the Fukui prefecture. It is thought that this specimen, which would have measured about 4.2 metres long in life and weighed 175 kg, was not mature and an adult may have been larger. The remains of many other individuals have been found in the quarry, with numerous humeri, femurs, and teeth being assigned to this species.[2] However, the other individuals recovered from the same locality are mostly juveniles that were smaller than the holotype (Currie & Azuma, 2006), in the smallest case less than a quarter of the holotype's size. A tooth (NDC-P0001) discovered in a block of conglomerate from the Sebayashi formation has been referred to Fukuiraptor as well.[3]
The distinctive teeth of Fukuiraptor show similarities with both carcharodontosaurids (being very compressed and blade-like, as well as having wrinkled enamel) and tyrannosaurids (having oblique blood grooves near the serrations).[2] The holotype also had very large and flat manual unguals (hand claws), which played a role in its initial classification as a dromaeosaurid (as the hand claws were mistaken for foot claws) as well as its current classification as a megaraptoran.[4]
An astragalus (NMV P150070) found in Australia, provisionally referred to Australovenator, may belong to a megaraptoran more closely related to Fukuiraptor due to being very similar to it.
Classification [ edit ]
Initially considered a member of the Dromaeosauridae when first discovered, its initial describers considered it a carnosaur, related to Allosaurus. More recent studies consider it a megaraptoran, an enigmatic group which may have been part of the family Neovenatoridae.[4] However, more recently, another analysis has proposed that all megaraptorans are actually tyrannosauroids, which would reclassify Fukuiraptor as a tyrannosauroid coelurosaur.[5] Recent cladistic analysis of the theropod Gualicho has suggested that Fukuiraptor and other megaraptorans are either allosauroids, or non-tyrannosauroid basal coelurosaurs.[6]
References [ edit ]
"Fukuiraptor kitadaniensis". Fukui Prefectural Dinosaur Museum. Archived from the original on 2006-08-29.
(image courtesy Aine D on Flickr)
Did you know that nearly half the sugar we bake those heart-shaped cookies with comes not from sugar cane, but sugar beets? Additionally, by next year, much of that beet sugar could be from genetically-engineered beets? The new beet seed was created by Monsanto to be able to withstand direct application of the herbicide Roundup, which has the active ingredient glyphosate.
The Environmental Protection Agency has enabled Monsanto in releasing the new GE crop by increasing the allowable residue of the herbicide by FIVE THOUSAND percent. Beets, being a root vegetable, are especially susceptible to retaining chemical residue.
The Center for Food Safety has a petition you can sign that will urge some leading food manufacturers not to use the GE beet sugar. You can sign the petition and get more information on the issue at their site. Because sugar, like corn and soy, is a common ingredient in processed foods, it is very likely that consumers will be eating yet another additional genetically-engineered ingredient without any warning or labeling.
The Center for Food Safety and the Sierra Club along with two organic seed groups have also filed a lawsuit to block the USDA approval of the GE sugar beet. Specific points in the suit state that the wind-pollinated biotech sugar beets will cross-pollinate and contaminate other crops such as conventional sugar beets, organic chard and table beet crop. Additionally, the GE variety could contribute to the increase of weeds resistant to herbicide, a phenomenon which has been reported on 2.4 million acres of U.S. cropland.
[This post was written by Beth Bader.]
Former U.N. ambassador and American Enterprise Institute Senior Fellow John Bolton joined SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Thursday's Breitbart News Daily to review the vice presidential debate from a national security perspective.
“I thought there was more discussion, more serious discussion, of national security issues in the VP debate than there was in the first presidential debate,” said Bolton. “No thanks to the moderator, really, and no thanks to Tim Kaine of the Democratic ticket. It struck me he was going for the Ankle-Biter of the Year Award, with his approach to the debate.”
“Mike Pence did a great job. I think he's almost universally conceded to have been the winner, and in large part, it's because on national security he showed the kind of calm, responsible, but strong position that I think reflects the mainstream views in the Republican Party,” Bolton offered, adding:
That should give comfort, I think, to people who are still undecided at the top of the ticket, that Mike Pence is a very steady voice, and he spoke very sensibly and knowledgeably – as opposed to Tim Kaine, who, honestly, looked not just on national security, but on many fronts, like he was repeating memorized talking points, not reflecting his own thinking on some of these subjects.
Bolton agreed with Marlow's contention that Tim Kaine's claim that Hillary Clinton had somehow shut down Iran's nuclear program was one of the most outrageous “whoppers” of the night:
I think it shows that where his brain ought to be on national security, there's a big vacuum. I mean, this is a claim that's not even closely related to reality, and I think it really underlines one of the vulnerabilities of the Democratic ticket. One of the key points I think Trump needs to make in the second and third debates: Hillary Clinton will be Barack Obama's third term. That's true on national security. It's also true on domestic issues, while we're on the subject. But for those conservatives and Republicans who have been saying, or some who have succumbed to the belief that somehow Hillary is closer to the mainstream Republican view of American foreign policy than Trump is, they really need to think again. These kinds of vacuous statements by Tim Kaine on the Iran deal, I think underline that. That deal was a strategic defeat for the United States when it was agreed to. It hasn't gotten any better in the past year. Iran has not changed its behavior internationally. There's every reason to believe that they've been violating the deal since before the ink was dry. We have German intelligence publishing reports already that point in that direction. We don't know how much cooperation they have with North Korea, also an aspiring nuclear power. But we do know that Iran's ballistic missile program, out in public view, has proceeded unimpeded, and the purpose of those ballistic missiles is not to launch weather satellites; it's to launch nuclear warheads towards targets on other continents – i.e. North America. So the rosy scenario that Tim Kaine tried to portray, I don't think has any purchase in the general public, and, as I say, it should be used politically to underline the point that Hillary will be Barack Obama's third term on foreign policy.
Bolton said Kaine's contention that “in a lot of ways, the terror threat has decreased in the Obama years” was “flatly contradicted by senior officials appointed by Barack Obama”:
The director of National Intelligence, the director of the CIA, have both testified repeatedly, in open public sessions of Congress within the past few months, that the international terrorist is equal to or greater than it was on 9/11. There's no doubt in my mind that when George W. Bush left office, it was significantly lower. It's obviously increased the spread of ISIS and other terrorist groups, the collapse of state government across North Africa and the Middle East, the descent of nearly the whole region into anarchy, the spreading number and scope of terrorist attacks in Western Europe and the United States. Really, you just have to be awake to see this; you don't have to be an intelligence expert. So I would add the claim that the terrorist threat has been reduced to the claim that the Iran nuclear deal is a big success. It's another glaring error, a glaring indication that these people don't see the world as it is, which is the absolute prerequisite for developing a foreign policy to deal with these threats and challenges.
Bolton addressed the two terrorist attacks in Brussels on Wednesday:
If those attacks had occurred in the United States, we would have heard them described as “lone wolf” attacks. The description of the person would not have been made public; it just would have been a “young male.” They would not have said that he was shouting, “Allahu akbar!” It would have been repressed, and then it would have been explained as not something to get upset about. The fact is that the terrorist threat is changing and evolving all the time, but we should not expect it at all levels to look like it's the product of a corporate decision-making process, pursuant to a nice box and line organization chart on some wall somewhere. Indeed, what I think these individual terrorist attacks, sometimes suicide bombers, as is tragically the case in Israel, carrying explosive vests. Sometimes, it's gun attacks. Sometimes, it's knife attacks. The fact that they are random, they are unexpected, the police can't predict them to prevent them in advance, sort of like what we saw in New York and New Jersey a couple of weeks ago at the opening of the U.N. General Assembly. That shows that the terrorist threat can appear anywhere, any time. It can be a city in the middle of the United States, a small town as in France. It can be in a city well removed from Paris, where a monk is killed while giving mass in a church. That is the kind of terror attack that actually inspires more fear in people because it's so unexpected. It's so unpredicted. It occurs in such unexpected places. The only way you're ever going to deal with this threat comprehensively is to treat it for what it is, which is a radical ideology that needs to be opposed as such. The United States did that twice in the twentieth century, against fascism and against communism. We can do it again. We can have allies in the Muslim world who understand that the radical Islamic terrorists are as much, or even greater, threats to them as they are to the West. But we're not going to do it with a president who won't acknowledge the ideology, can't see it in his worldview, in any event thinks that the exercise of American power very often is more the cause of instability in the world than the cure for it.
Marlow asked for Bolton's opinion, as a former U.N. ambassador, of former Portuguese Prime Minister Antonio Guterres, who is likely to be the next U.N. secretary-general.
“I met with him a couple of times when I was U.N. Ambassador, right when he was beginning his tenure as the U.N. high commissioner for refugees,” Bolton recalled, continuing:
He is a former socialist Prime Minister of Portugal, a great believer in the European Union. And I recall in our first conversation, as he was heading the High Commissioner Office for Refugees, he told me how much he was worried about “populism” in the Western world – which he defined as “people who wanted control of their own borders.” And so we had, as they say, a polite exchange of views on that subject.
“I think he's gonna bring that same attitude into the U.N.,” Bolton predicted. He added:
I think it's possible he will be very different from Ban Ki-moon, the outgoing secretary-general, who we did elect in 2006 for the first time, precisely because we didn't think he would try to be a “secular Pope,” as Kofi Annan, his predecessor, had been described. I think Guterres – we'll have to see how it plays out – but I think he may be more in the model of Kofi Annan than Ban Ki-moon, which would be a problem.
He said Guterres was a “done deal” as secretary-general, so “the only thing we can do is elect Donald Trump because if we elect Hillary Clinton, she'll play right into his hands.”
Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. Eastern.
LISTEN:
Over a thousand blocking gates at Oakland docks
--
300 people at blocking both entrances to the docks where the Zim ship is to be unloaded.Israeli Ship NOW Being Picketted @ Oakland Docks;Live Webcam Updates Sun Jun 20, 2010 at 07:07:32 AM PDTThis could be history; a first in the United States; joining actions in many countries.Just left the Oakland Docks where 300 people are blocking the entrances to two gates into the berth where the Israeli Zim cargo ship is to be unloaded. The action started this morning at 5:30am PST. The longshore workers are scheduled to start their shift at 7:00 and 8:00 am this morning.When the workers find the way blocked with a labor-community picket they will meet and vote as to whether to cross that picket line. As I left the West Oakland BART station people were continuning to slowly stream in and shuttles were taking people to the picket line. BART will start operating at 8 am.A live webcast is planned; if it is available it will be seen hereIsraeli Zim Ship Lines Protest Live Video StreamIntroYou must enter an Intro for your Diary Entry between 300 and 1150 characters long (that's approximately 50-175 words without any html or formatting markup).This could be history; a first in the United States; joining actions in many countries.Just left the Oakland Docks where 300 people are blocking the entrances to two gates into the berth where the Israeli Zim cargo ship is to be unloaded. The action started this morning at 5:30am PST. The longshore workers are scheduled to start their shift at 7:00 and 8:00 am this morning.When the workers find the way blocked with a labor-community picket they will meet and vote as to whether to cross that picket line. As I left the West Oakland BART station people were continuning to slowly stream in and shuttles were taking people to the picket line. BART will start operating at 8 am.A live webcast is planned; if it is available it will be seen here Israeli Zim Ship Lines Protest Live Video Stream
It looks like it's all getting too much for much maligned Top Gear host Chris Evans.
Just days after the second car crash episode of his revamped version of the BBC favourite bombed in the ratings, the loudmouth presenter himself appeared to have veered off course.
The 50-year-old was pictured necking a glass of wine as he sat slumped against a wall near his London home.
It looks like it's all getting too much for much maligned Top Gear host Chris Evans. Just days after the second car crash episode of his revamped version of the BBC favourite bombed in the ratings, the loudmouth presenter himself appeared to have veered off course
The 50-year-old was pictured necking a glass of wine as he sat slumped against a wall near his London home. Shielding his identity under a cap and darkened sunglasses, Evans cut a figure of loneliness as he necked his booze in the middle of the day - with not a friend in sight
Shielding his identity under a cap and darkened sunglasses, Evans cut a figure of loneliness as he necked his booze in the middle of the day - with not a friend in sight.
He was seen looking downbeat as he took a call on his mobile phone before parking himself against the crumbling white wall of what appeared to be an abandoned warehouse just feet from overflowing rubbish bins.
The Radio 2 host then browsed through his mobile phone, swigging white wine from the glass he had picked up from a nearby pub as he drowned his sorrows following a disastrous night for his new show.
Top Gear pulled in just 2.8 million viewers on Sunday night - well down on the 4.3million viewers Evans and his team drew in their first episode.
The devastating ratings figures showed the new-look programme lost a third of its audience between its first and second episodes.
The figures are expected to grow when consolidated with the numbers of those watching online but still lag miles behind the numbers the programme's old guard - Jeremy Clarkson, James May and Richard Hammond - pulled in.
Wearing bright orange trainers, the grandfather-of-one picked up a bottle of wine from a London pub. He carried it in a white plastic bag in which he was also carrying a newspaper
Before even making it to the wall, Evans was downing his glass of wine as he came to terms with his new television venture bombing
Evans was seen looking downbeat as he took a call on his mobile phone before parking himself against the crumbling white wall of what appeared to be an abandoned warehouse just feet from overflowing rubbish bins
The television and radio presenter was taking a phone call less than 24 hours after the second episode of the new look Top Gear was broadcast on BBC2
Despite its big budget, Evans revamped version of the show has been panned by critics - with more than 1.5million viewers already tuning out
Evans has been under intense scrutiny since he agreed to take over the hit motoring show.
In his first two episodes, he has been panned by viewers for being 'too shouty' and behaving like 'an embarrassing dad'.
His debut outing as show host pulled the lowest figures for a series debut in more than a decade.
It has also been slated for allegedly requiring canned laughter to make the audience seem more interested, with those in attendance reporting long periods of silence during filming.
Evans has been under intense scrutiny since he agreed to take over the hit motoring show. In his first two episodes, he has been panned by viewers for being 'too shouty' and behaving like 'an embarrassing dad'
The former Big Breakfast presenter looked glum as he scanned through his mobile phone after taking a call
His debut outing as Top Gear host pulled the lowest figures for a series debut in more than a decade. It has also been slated for allegedly requiring canned laughter to make the audience seem more interested, with those in attendance reporting long periods of silence during filming
The show has also been beset by claims of infighting between Evans and co-host Matt LeBlanc, with Evans said to have clashed with producers too
The show has been beset by claims of infighting between Evans and co-host Matt LeBlanc too, with clashes said to have taken place between Evans and the producers as well.
Executive producer Lisa Clark left after just five months amid reports of creative differences with the former Big Breakfast presenter.
Since then, several former colleagues of Evans have made allegations of ‘bullying' against him.
More recently, the Cenotaph incident has led to claims of a rift between LeBlanc and Evans, with the 48-year-old American feeling ‘stabbed in the back' by Evans' reaction, according to reports.
During Sunday's show, Evans appeared in a hospital bed and claimed it was due to the ride he was given in McLaren.
What little girl doesn't love tutus? Use this crochet pattern to make an adorable no-sew tutu with crochet waistband for your baby or little girls. This tutu fits 18-month olds and up to 3T.
My niece Olivia has a birthday coming up. The party theme is going to be princess/ballerina. So what better gift could I create other than her very own tutu. <3
This is how I made my band. I am just telling you how I created mine. Every size would be different. Your stitch doesn't have to be the star stitch. You can make your band with a simple stitch like HDC or even DC.
I used a 5 MM hook and medium weight “I love this yarn”
CH 85
HDC across the CH (once the band was finished. This is the row I added my tulle through)
and add 2 rows of Star stitch
Turn to go down the edge of the band to create the button loops/holes.
SC, CH 2, skip 2 spaces, slip stitch into next two spaces, CH 2, skip 2 spaces, SC, slip stitch into corner. finish off.
Now the fun part! Tulle!! I didn't measure mine, I actually used my table as a guide for length. My guess is that my tulle is cut into about 2.5 foot long strips.
Insert hook through the HDC (bottom row of tutu)
Fold tulle in half over the hook.
Pull hook through the stitch, making a loop with the tulle.
Pull the tulle through the loop you just made.
Tug to make nice and snug.
Work the entire way across. Beautiful!
Next I made my pretty little bows. To do this I just tied tulle into bows and then attached them over every 20th strip of tulle. Check out my step-by-step instructions for making and adding tulle bows. 🙂
Add some pretty buttons. I made two rows so that the band was adjustable. Thanks Debbie Dearest for the great idea!
Why not make a cute matching princess crown to go with it!? 🙂
Local resident Shelley Simonian has seen huge change in the past six years. Credit:Peter Rae The number of passengers passing through Green Square station on a week day is already estimated to have more than doubled in a year – from an average of 4810 in 2015 to 9766 last year. And that is before thousands of new apartments are built. Mathew Hounsell, a researcher at the University of Technology's Institute for Sustainable Futures who did the modelling, said the surge in apartments around Green Square meant the only solution was high-capacity public transport such as light rail. "No transport expert believes that buses can service the demand," he said. Transport Minister Andrew Constance freely admits Green Square is "public transport disaster" but blames the previous Labor governments for allowing a high concentration of apartments without plans for an "appropriate mass-transport solution". The City of Sydney has pushed the state government to commit to a light rail line from the central city to Green Square, and has spent $40 million buying land to preserve a 4-kilometre corridor from Central Station.
Patronage at Green Square in Sydney's inner south is estimated to have doubled in the past year. Credit:Peter Rae The challenge for the "Green Square urban renewal area" – encompassing Waterloo, Zetland, and parts of Alexandria and Rosebery – is plain in forecasts of a near tripling of its population from 21,000 people to more than 61,000 within 12 years. With 22,000 people packed into each square kilometre by 2030, it will easily become the most densely populated part of Australia. Patronage is soaring across Sydney's train network. Credit:Peter Rae At the moment, Pyrmont in inner Sydney holds the title with 14,000 people per sq km (the average across the city is 390 people).
Sydney Lord Mayor Clover Moore said residents in the precinct did not see public transport as a "looming disaster but one they experience every day". The area's population is forecast to almost triple over the next 12 years. Credit:Peter Rae "We had the foresight to acquire the corridor before land value and development made a light rail line near impossible, but the NSW government is responsible for Sydney's transport network – after years of lobbying them to build it, it's still not clear whether this essential project will go ahead," she said. "The government is enjoying the stamp duty rewards from apartment construction in this area, now it's time for them to provide ... essential services." Mr Constance said he would not rule in or out the government opting for a light rail line to Green Square, saying he did not want to pre-empt a transport master plan due later this year. "I have asked our agency to look at all options," he said.
However, he said short-term measures would have to rely on improvements to the bus network and encouraging "active transport" such as cycling. The Committee for Sydney told a federal transport inquiry last year that there was a "growing realisation that we are going to need to augment public transport in and around Green Square with a light rail service" – even with the existing heavy rail line from the airport and plans for a metro railway station at Waterloo. However, the advocacy group said the problem was funding a new light rail line because the government was unlikely to have money left over from constructing a $2.1 billion light rail line from the CBD to the city's south east and the new metro line. It has suggested the council impose a "special rate" on residents, which could raise more than $12 million in revenue a year. In addition to fares, it said a levy would "go a long way to repaying the cost of capital" required to build the line.
Local resident Russ Johnson has been catching the train from Green Square for the past three years, and "lately it has got a lot more densely populated at peak hour". "At peak hours in the morning you have to be in the right place at the right time. It's standing room only every day in the mornings," he said. "It's going to be like Tokyo and Hong Kong." The crowding was challenging because trains picked up passengers at Sydney Airport who carried large bags after arriving on flights. "They don't realise they are [about to get] on a peak-hour train," he said. Transport for NSW said it had made a concerted effort in recent years to ensure that public transport to and from Green Square kept pace with its development. Loading
Since 2011, an extra 400 weekly trips have been added to the M2 and 343 bus routes through the area – half of which began in February. Infrastructure Australia has put the need for better transport links between Sydney's CBD and Green Square among the country's top infrastructure priorities.
Study Links Kidney Disease in Sri Lanka's Farm Belt to Agrochemicals
COLOMBO, Aug 21 2012 (IPS) - A new report links the high prevalence of chronic kidney disease in Sri Lanka's main agricultural production regions with the presence of heavy metals in the water, caused by fertiliser and pesticide use.
Over the past two decades, dozens of studies have been conducted on the large number of kidney patients in Sri Lanka's agro-rich north-central region. However, none had conclusively identified a clear cause.
But on Aug. 14, a group of Sri Lankan doctors released a report that they said was compiled as part of an ongoing joint research project by the Sri Lankan government and the World Health Organisation (WHO).
The report states that: “Exposure to a combination of factors that are toxic to the kidneys (rather than one single factor) seems to cause this kidney disease. Toxic factors identified up to now include nephrotoxic agrochemicals, arsenic and cadmium.”
Related IPS Articles Cultivating Toxic Crops
As many as 400,000 people in the north-central region may be suffering from kidney disease, said doctors taking part in the release of the report. They added that in the past two decades, as many as 22,000 people may have died as a result.
“The reason for the spread is heavy metals in the water caused by the unregulated use of fertiliser and pesticides,” Dr. Channa Jayasumana, from the Faculty of Medicine at the Rajarata University in Anuradhapura, told IPS.
Jayasumana was on the team of doctors who released the report. They said they had handed the study over to the government last year, and accused the authorities of failing to release it to the public, and of failing to take action on the results.
The report created a media stir in the country, but so far neither the government nor the WHO country office have acknowledged or denied its contents.
WHO sources confirmed to IPS that a researcher cited in the report, Dr. Shanthi Mendis, works for the international organisation. But they said some of the details reported in the media differed from those in WHO reports. They declined to go public, and said the research was still inconclusive.
Sources closely associated with WHO research said the organisation has in fact made a recommendation to the Sri Lankan government to regulate and standardise fertiliser and pesticide imports – the doctors' main demand.
However, another report, published just one day after the study's release, dismissed heavy metals as the main cause.
The report, “Environmental Contamination and Its Association with Chronic Kidney Disease of Unknown Etiology in North Central Region of Sri Lanka”, released by the New Delhi-based Centre for Science and Environment (CSE), identifies poor water quality as the main reason for kidney failure in that region.
The report says: “Heavy metals in drinking water are not related to chronic kidney disease in Sri Lanka. If heavy metal is responsible, then there is a different source for it than drinking water, and that should be explored.”
CSE deputy director Chandra Bushan told IPS “The problem is with the quality of the groundwater. It is contaminated due to geological and environmental reasons.”
But, he said, if fertilisers and pesticides were the main cause, then the disease should also be visible in other agricultural areas of the country with equally heavy use.
The CSE report also found that dug wells and tube wells were much more dangerous than natural springs.
The report stated that “The affected area covers approximately 17,000 square km, with a population of about 2.5 million, in which more than 95 percent live in rural areas.”
Citing the main hospital in the North Central Anuradhapura District, the report said that in 2010 there was “a 227 percent increase in live discharge patients with end-stage chronic kidney disease, whereas the death rate increased by 354 percent during the last few years.”
According to the numbers cited by the CSE report, which was released in Anuradhapura, more than 10 percent of the island's population of nearly 21 million lives in these high-risk areas.
The regions most in danger are the north-central, eastern, southeastern and central, as well as parts of the northern provinces – Sri Lanka's main agricultural production areas.
Despite the different conclusions reached by the two reports, researchers involved in each study acknowledged that the issues raised by the other were significant.
“We have always said that fertiliser and pesticide use should be regulated,” CSE's Bushan said.
“There is no question that the water quality is bad, we agree with that,” said Jayasumana, whose research was cited in the CSE report as well.
Both studies also called for immediate action to stem the spread of kidney disease.
The statistics show that male farmers, who spend much of their time outdoors in the fields, are struck down most often.
The CSE report says it is male farmers between the ages of 30 and 60 who are at highest risk.
And the Sri Lankan research shows that at least 15 percent of men between the ages of 15 and 70 were affected in the north-central and southeastern provinces. “Men over the age of 40 years, who have been engaged in farming for more than 10 years, are at higher risk of developing this disease,” it states.
But despite the clear danger for men in the high-risk age bracket, especially those engaged in agriculture, options are few and far between.
“What to do? We have to use fertiliser and pesticide if we want to get a good harvest, we have to drink the water if we don't want to die of thirst. No one has told us what to do and what not to do,” said Karunarathne Gamage, who lives in the country's North Central province.
Bushan said the CSE study also emphasised the poor quality of medical services available in the region. One session of dialysis costs the Sri Lankan government around 90 dollars, and most regional hospitals lack staff and facilities to carry out such procedures regularly.
'If you look at it objectively, the evidence as presented by Kerwin is really not solid,' Senator Panfilo Lacson says of Kerwin Espinosa's testimony
Published 11:25 PM, November 23, 2016
MANILA, Philippines – Senator Panfilo Lacson said the testimony of alleged Eastern Visayas drug lord Kerwin Espinosa lacks corroboration, describing it as having "many loose ends."
Lacson is the chairman of the Senate committee on public order leading the probe into the death of Espinosa's father, Albuera Mayor Rolando Espinosa Sr.
"We need more corroboration because of denials and testimony ng iba (of others), in the absence of any other corroborative [evidence] that would completely substantiate 'yung lahat ng ina-allege sa kanyang affidavit (all his allegations in his affidavit). So hindi pa gano'n ka-solid (It's not yet solid)," Lacson told reporters after a 9-hour hearing on Wednesday, November 23.
One big question, Lacson said, is how Espinosa came to know Ronnie Dayan, Senator Leila de Lima's former security aide and lover who supposedly served as her bagman when she was justice secretary. (READ: Kerwin Espinosa: I gave P8M to De Lima through Ronnie Dayan)
Espinosa said it was Albuera police chief Chief Inspector Jovie Espenido who called him to talk to Dayan. Espenido, however, denied it, saying he does not know Dayan.
"Just the aspect on how he got to contact Dayan. That's the loose end I'm seeing because if Espenido admitted that he was indeed the one who introduced Dayan to Kerwin, then the loose ends would be tied up. But because of the denial, it's not yet established how he was able to contact Dayan. Through whom? How?" Lacson said in a mix of Filipino and English.
Dayan on Tuesday, just hours after he was arrested in La Union, claimed he received money for De Lima from Espinosa – something that De Lima repeatedly denied.
Another issue for Lacson is the contradicting claims of Espinosa and Dayan on the money supposedly given to the senator.
"We saw Dayan make his statement last night without hearing Espinosa. Sinabi naman talaga niya na kinumpirma on several occasions, iyon lang year ang nagkakaiba, 2014, eto 2015,'" he said.
(We saw Dayan make his statement last night without hearing Espinosa. He really said, confirmed that on several occasions, but the years they gave are different – 2014, the other 2015.)
"Kung ako ang imbestigador, I would like to find out kung ano ba talaga ang totoo. Kung objectively titignan mo, hindi talaga solid as it was presented by Kerwin," Lacson added.
(If I were the investigator, I would like to find out what's really the truth. If you look at it objectively, the evidence as presented by Kerwin is really not solid.)
No to Espinosa as state witness
Philippine National Police chief Director General Ronald dela Rosa and Justice Secretary Vitaliano Aguirre II earlier said they favored making Espinosa a state witness, with the former even saying he is the "missing piece" in the illegal drug trade puzzle.
Lacson, however, thinks Espinosa should not be turned into a state witness this early. He is, after all, one of the most guilty in the crimes committeed, the senator said.
"If I will be asked, hindi ako sang-ayon na ibigay kaagad sa kanya ang pagiging state witness unless talagang material ang kanyang magiging testimonya at hindi siya most guilty, but as it appears now sa grupong andito pa lamang, 'yung guilt nya mataas eh," the senator said.
(If I will be asked, I am not in favor of turning him into a state witness that easily unless his testimony would be material and he is not the most guilty. But as it appears now, in the group presented to us, his guilt is strong.)
Lacson pointed out it was Espinosa who actually gave money to policemen and politicians, in exchange for protection.
The senator said there might be another hearing to tie up the loose ends, but there's no definite date yet.
Depending on Dayan's testimony during the House probe on Thursday, November 24, Lacson said they might still invite him to the Senate. – Rappler.com
LABOR is losing ground as the election campaign rolls on and Coalition support is rising.
Since the beginning of the election campaign Labor's two-party preferred advantage has gone from 10 percentage points to zero. The ALP and the Coalition are now 50-50 in the last Newspoll survey taken between Friday and Sunday evening.
The Gillard Government would now desperately depend on Greens' preferences to hold power.
Read Next
The Coalition's two-party preferred vote, based on calculations of preference flows at the 2007 election, has risen five points since the 2010 election began two weeks ago as Julia Gillard has been distracted by issues surrounding Kevin Rudd's demise as leader.
The Prime Minister has decided to exploit her personal advantage over Tony Abbott by declaring the election is about a choice between the two.
Ms Gillard has maintained her clear lead over the Leader of the Opposition as preferred prime minister on an unchanged 50 per cent compared to the previous weekend over Mr Abbott's steady 35 per cent.
On the question of preferred prime minister Ms Gillard's support has dropped seven points in the first two weeks of the campaign and Mr Abbott's has risen eight points during the same time.
This is an excellent gaming monitor that will make you feel like you're in the midst of the action while playing, and it's packed full of fantastic features that make it a worthy addition to your gaming rig.
In many ways, the best gaming PCs are only as good as the monitor attached to them. You can spend heaps of cash on a top-end graphics card, but if it's hooked up to a decrepit monitor that can only handle lower resolutions, all that power (and money) will go to waste.
That's unlikely to happen with the AOC Agon AG352UCG, a feature-rich gaming monitor that promises to give you an immersive and silky-smooth gaming experience.
A recent entrant in AOC's gaming-orientated Agon line of monitors, the AG352UCG is a mighty 35-inch monitor with a 21:9 ultra-wide aspect ratio. And, it's one of the best gaming monitors you can buy in 2018.
Pricing and availability
You shouldn't be too surprised to learn that such a large – and feature-packed – gaming monitor comes with a high price tag.
It's priced at £799 ($899), with Australian price and availability yet to be confirmed. It's certainly not a cheap monitor, but when you compare it to some of its fellow ultra-wide competitors, such as the Acer Predator X34, which offers very similar features for $999 (£899, AU$1,899), it's not too bad of a deal.
The more business-orientated Philips Brilliance BDM3490UC comes in lower at £670 (around $960, AU$1,350), but you're sacrificing size (it's 27-inch rather than 35-inch) as well as some of the gaming-focused features like G-Sync.
If you're planning on buying any ultra-wide monitor, you're going to paying quite a bit of cash, and the AOC Agon AG352UCG gaming monitor sits around the upper middle range of what you'd expect to pay. If you were already looking at the Acer Predator X34, then the AG352UCG is a very compelling alternative, for less money.
Design
An ultra-wide 35-inch monitor is inevitably going to be a large beast that will dominate any desk it's placed on – this is a monitor that's going to take up a lot of space, with dimensions of 847 x 587 x 266.45mm. However, as soon as you plug it in and start playing games, any concerns oversize fade away.
With the stand attached (you need to screw it in yourself), you can tilt, swivel and adjust the height to make the screen comfortable to use. You can also wall-mount it using a Vesa 100x100 attachment. AOC isn't going for a slim and modest look for this monitor, and the bezel that surrounds the screen is quite thick, especially at the bottom, which further increases the footprint; it does house built-in speakers, though, which justify some of the size of the bezel.
As you'd expect from a gaming monitor the design is certainly striking, and although it's not as aggressive as the design of the Acer Predator X34, it helps the monitor stand out (as if this huge monitor needed any more help with that). The front of the AOC Agon AG352UCG is finished in black, with the ‘Agon' logo front and center.
There are also two long LED strips along the bottom that can display green, red or blue depending on your preference. The brightness of these LEDs can be changed using the on-screen menu, and they can be turned off as well. The effect is quite nice, although it's a shame it's limited to the three colors, which limits customization.
The LEDs also reach around to the back of the monitor, which has a plastic black and silver design. The overall design is pretty nice, and won't look out of place next to many people's rigs. It's also not as in-your-face as some gaming peripheral designs, so it won't stick out like a sore thumb if you're using it in more straight-laced environments.
Around the back of the monitor is an HDMI port, a DisplayPort and four USB 3.0 ports, along with audio out. This isn't the widest selection of inputs, but when you're playing games at 3440 x 1440, a DisplayPort is all you really need.
Features
We've mentioned just how large the AOC Agon AG352UCG gaming monitor is. If you're sitting close enough it can fill most of your field of vision, and with the help of the curved design it creates in a pretty immersive experience.
If you're worried that the short and wide aspect ratio of the AOC Agon AG352UCG will lead to a cramped workspace, fear not, as the 3440 x 1440 resolution is high enough to leave you plenty of desktop real estate. It's also high enough to provide stunning graphics, while not being quite as taxing on your hardware as a 4K (3840 x 2160) monitor. If you're moving from a 16:9 (the more common aspect ratio) 1080p screen, you're going to be blown away.
And that's before we've mentioned that this monitor is G-Sync compatible. This is an adaptive sync technology created by Nvidia that eliminates screen tearing (an annoying visual glitch) and allows higher refresh rates of up to 240Hz for smooth-feeling gameplay.
G-Sync
By supporting G-Sync, the AOC Agon AG352UCG joins the likes of the Asus MG248Q, Asus ROG Swift PG248Q and AOC Agon AG271QG. For many gamers, the inclusion of G-Sync makes any monitor a very tempting purchase.
Combine this with the large size, high resolution and ultra-wide aspect ratio, and the AOC Agon AG352UCG ticks many of the boxes required of a formidable gaming monitor.
It's worth noting, however, that the maximum refresh rate of the AOC Agon AG352UCG is 100hz – so not quite as high as G-Sync allows, although it's the same as its closest rival, the Acer Predator X34.
Other features include built-in stereo speakers, 2000:1 contrast ratio, 100% sRGB color gamut support and a 4ms response time. A large range of settings can be accessed via an on-screen menu, which is controlled by a toggle located on the underside of the bezel.
The on-screen menus of monitors are usually pretty fiddly to navigate, but this one works quite well, and you can easily cycle through the various options.
Performance
The AOC Agon AG352UCG is certainly feature-packed on paper, so we were excited to test it out. However, first we needed to give the monitor a slight calibration, as the default settings were a little too bright for our liking. It only took a few minutes, however, thanks to the on-screen controls.
We then gave the monitor a spin with the excellent Battlefield 1. This is a hectic multiplayer game that really benefits from a good monitor, and the AOC Agon AG352UCG delivers in spades. The game's graphics are amazing, and really shine on the AOC Agon AG352UCG's large and high-resolution screen, while the wide aspect ratio gives you an immersive view of the battle field and the carnage that surrounds you. The wide aspect ratio also gives you an advantage while playing, as you're able to spot enemies that you might not otherwise.
Battlefield 1, like many modern games, correctly identified the unusual aspect ratio, and configured the interface and game's graphics accordingly. Pre-rendered cut-scenes remain the same aspect ratio, however, so you will get black bars down either side of the screen while these play – this also happens if you watch movies full-screen.
It's a small price to pay for such an immersive playing experience, and thanks to the G-Sync features, along with the wide aspect ratio, this monitor can really give you a competitive edge when playing games.
The AOC Agon AG352UCG also has fantastic viewing angles, so if you use it to watch films with friends, or have people crowd around it while you play, then pretty much everyone will get a great view. An anti-glare coating on the screen does a brilliant job of preventing reflections from appearing without compromising image quality.
There's also a low blue light setting, which is designed to help you work at night without straining your eyes or impacting your ability to get to sleep.
Returning to Battlefield 1, it's an excellent game to show off the AOC Agon AG352UCG's color handling. A wide range of different environments and colors are featured, and each one – from deep green forests to the brown, hellish landscape of no-man's land and the poppy-strewn fields of the new They Shall Not Pass expansion – is displayed brilliantly.
There was no noticeable input lag during our games, with the AOC Agon AG352UCG's G-Sync working with a GTX 1080 GPU to offer an incredibly immersive and responsive experience.
The high resolution and ultra-wide design also worked brilliantly in Windows 10, with the extra screen space giving you plenty of room to have multiple windows and programs open at once, making this a great monitor for productivity as well as for games.
Final verdict
If you've got the desk space, a powerful graphics card and the requisite bank balance, the AOC Agon AG352UCG is an excellent investment for gamers. It's a huge monitor that will fill your field of vision, and if you love being fully immersed in your games then it's well worth considering.
It's also a damn good monitor when you're not gaming, with the high 3440 x 1440 resolution giving you plenty of space when using your PC for work.
However, it's when playing games that the AOC Agon AG352UCG truly shines, with great color reproduction, fast response times and smooth frame-rates curtesy of G-Sync.
Of course, to make use of G-Sync you need a compatible Nvidia graphics card; however, even if you can't access that feature there's still a lot to like about this excellent gaming monitor.
Directions from Burwood to Pascoe Vale South via Fitzroy have never sounded so confusing. But touring via Melbourne's secret suburbs gives the route a quaint, village feel. Little-known place names have gained favour in recent years, according to those who make it their business to know where Westgarth is. Secret suburbs are a handy conversation starter - "We're in Cremorne. You know, in Richmond behind Dimmey's?" They can signal wealth (the Darling part of Malvern East comes under "if you have to ask, then you can't afford it") or disguise a suburb that hasn't traditionally been as sought after (see Paisley, Altona North).
"They're increasing," says Melway director Murray Godfrey. "There are new names out to the west all the time. In the inner suburbs: Aberfeldie, Coonans Hill, they're all new." Well, maybe not new. Many hark back to early Melbourne landmarks. "You could argue that that some of the locals will have called it Coonans Hill for the last 60 years," says Godfrey, "but it only got pushed as a name about 10 years ago." Ditto other secreted spots, he says, putting the push down to investors who want to boost value and separate locations from the area that surrounds or borders them. "It's normally to get away from a bad suburb name."
"They're neighbourhoods, not suburbs," explains chief surveyor John Tulloch, who is also the registrar of geographic names. "They don't have a boundary around them." Tulloch is keeper of the Vicnames register of more than 190,000 places including mountains and rivers, bounded localities such as suburbs, towns, cities and regions, and physical infrastructure such as roads, reserves and schools.
The register was born out of legislation in the late '90s designed to make place names and suburb boundaries the province of local government. The registrar's office audits the process. From a registry point of view, secret suburbs are not a good thing. "This has been a major project," Tulloch says. "In particular to align the postcodes with bounded suburbs. "One of our key partners in this is Australia Post. We've concentrated on the official names and tried to discourage people from using the neighbourhood names," says Tulloch, who also outlines the problems that secret suburbs and multiple names for the one place pose for emergency services. "We haven't had a case where somebody has died, but in NSW there were instances where an ambulance was sent to the wrong location because of confusion with address. We're striving for that not to occur in Victoria."
He also relates the story of a package of human ashes sent to Deepdene in Western Australia several years ago instead of the neighbourhood of Deepdene in Balwyn. Tulloch is sometimes amused by business or private use of place names, occasionally well outside their official location.
Naming guidelines aim to avoid duplicate locality names (of which there are 16 already in Victoria) and names that may be deemed racist. "We prefer not to use names of living people," adds Tulloch. "We've had instances where prominent people have done the wrong thing." One recent exception was a Langwarrin college named after Dame Elisabeth Murdoch - probably a safe bet. "Our focus has been on the bounded localities and making sure they are correct and people adopt those." Murray Godfrey's experience suggests this may be an uphill battle. The Melway director and his team of researchers keep an ear to the ground and an eye on the media for emerging place names. The publication doesn't necessarily wait for a place name to be officially registered before including it.
"(We include it) when it becomes a fairly publicly used name," he says. "The local paper was certainly referring to Coonans Hill. With that sort of usage we jump. "A perfect case was Jeff's Shed. It was used on radio stations and by the public, so we put it in the index."
Not all pitches are successful. "If people are using it then we'll promote it but not if people are just pushing their own barrow." Others are a testament to people power, like the one-man push to put South Kingsville on the map (it comes under the Spotswood postcode). "One guy lobbied Australia Post so hard, the poor girl crippled under the paperwork and pestering. When she did, I had to." And so the index grows. "Some places are listed under three names," says Godfrey. The secret suburbs or neighbourhoods are those in lower case on maps, without their own postcode, and listed with "see suburb X" inside the back cover.
"People are trying to resurrect them," says Real Estate Institute of Victoria president Adrian Jones. "It's about point of difference. "Everybody likes to think they've got the perfect house in the perfect location. Part of that equation is that if there is not a lot of people in that location, then you're a bit unique.
"If you have to say, 'where's that?', immediately there's a touch of exclusivity." He disputes the idea that the use of neighbourhood names stems from a search for community. "There are quite a few in those inner northern suburbs. I think because they were settled earlier when you did have more tribal village stuff going on," says Jones, who is CEO of the Noel Jones Real Estate Group. "If people live in areas like that, they love having it listed that way. You have the heading 'Balwyn' and then they say they want 'Deepdene'."
Jones is unaware of any definitive proof that using a neighbourhood name boosts property value, but believes it does boost interest. "The whole thing is to get people's attention and encourage them to believe they're buying something with a little more exclusivity. With exclusivity comes the perception of price," he says. Even Mr Melway gets stumped, though. The area of Mar Lodge near Essendon draws a blank. "What area does it cover? I don't have that one," laughs Godfrey. It's that secret.
Disclaimer: Reporter recently purchased property in a "secret suburb" in the inner north.
Hey everyone!
Last Friday, Coco came over to my apartment to make dinner with me and we cooked shrimp pasta =). It's a really easy and healthy recipe so I thought I would share this with you guys!
You will need the following ingredients:
whole wheat pasta (use own discretion)
cherry tomatoes (1 US dry pint)
fresh herbs (whatever your preferences are)
garlic (2-3 cloves)
onions (1-2)
shrimps (use own discretion)
jalapeno pepper (optional)
lime (1)
olive oil
butter
salt and pepper
First, boil a pot of water. Add salt, a bit of olive oil, the pasta, and let it boil for about 8 minutes (read the packaging on your pasta). While the pasta is boiling, wash your herbs and dry the shrimps.
Then chop the cherry tomatoes, onions, herbs, and mince the garlic.
Heat up a pan with olive oil and cook the tomatoes with salt and pepper. Once it's cooked, place it in a bowl, you'll come back to it later.
Next, add a bit more olive oil and cook the garlic and onions. Once the onions are about half cooked, move the onions to the side of the pan so you can cook the shrimps. Put in the shrimps and add a bit of butter. When you see one side turning slightly red, flip the shrimps and add salt and pepper.
After the shrimps are cooked, add in the tomatoes, pasta, fresh herbs and mix!
If you like spicy food, you can add a few chopped jalapeno peppers in and it really gives the pasta a kick.
Finally, squeeze in half a lime and it's ready to be served!
This takes only about 20 min to cook =)
We enjoyed it with a bit of sparkling wine XD
And yes, we eat our pasta with chopsticks!
After dinner, we went to meet Cute Sauce at a club for her birthday, but we ended up getting there 45 minutes before everyone else and the club was empty… So what else are 2 girls to do other than camwhore?
Hope you guys enjoyed this simple recipe!
Advertisements
A pediatrician who has worked in Mississauga and Sarnia is still practising after being convicted of sexually assaulting women related to his work. Dr. Kunwar Raj Singh also has unrelated gender- and age-based restrictions placed on his practice, but the College of Physicians and Surgeons won't say why.
Dr. Kunwar Raj Singh, pictured in 1991, the year he was convicted of 16 counts of sexual assault and indecent assault, is still allowed to practise, albeit with restrictions. ( Ken Faught / Toronto Star file photo )
His case raises questions about why a doctor who has been convicted of sexual assault linked to his work is able to practise at all. Roz Roach, a psychotherapist who sat on a provincial task force on sexual abuse of patients, says given Singh's criminal conviction, it's “scary” that he's still treating patients. “He shouldn't be practising and his licence should have been revoked,” said Roach, who runs a centre for women and children who are victims of domestic violence in Scarborough.
Article Continued Below
Singh did not respond to multiple requests for comment. An office manager at a Mississauga walk-in clinic linked to Singh said he hadn't worked there in years. The clinic is still listed as one of Singh's practice locations on the college registry. There are 21 physicians in Ontario who have gender-based restrictions on practising, a Star investigation recently found. Twenty are male doctors restricted from treating female patients. One is a male doctor restricted from seeing male patients. Ontario Health Minister Eric Hoskins recently ordered a review of the decades-old legislation that governs all 23 of the province's regulatory colleges. Singh was convicted of 16 counts of sexual assault and indecent assault in 1991, for which he received two years' probation.
The college's disciplinary committee found Singh guilty of professional misconduct over the same incidents related to his criminal convictions, college spokeswoman Kathryn Clarke said. According to the committee's 1991 decision, the committee dealt with 13 specific incidents involving eight hospital employees and two mothers of Singh's patients between 1976 and 1990. The college found Singh made “inappropriate personal and suggestive comments, touched or squeezed the breasts of the victims or kissed the person against her will or grabbed or rubbed their buttocks or legs.”
Article Continued Below
The committee suspended Singh's licence for six months, though the college asked that it be revoked. Clarke said the law only calls for mandatory revocation of a licence when “sexual abuse of a current patient is proven.” In Singh's case, the victims were hospital employees and patients' mothers. In its decision, which was sent to the Star by the college but is not included on Singh's page in the online registry, the committee wrote: “Although his actions are a clear violation of ordinary social conduct as well as professional behaviour, this case does not fit into the category of sexual violation or exploitation of a patient/doctor relationship and this weighed significantly in the Committee's decision not to revoke Dr. Singh's licence as requested by the College.” Medical malpractice lawyer Paul Harte says Singh's case is particularly “troubling” not only because of his sexual assault convictions, but because three years later he was found to have falsified a document to register with the Medical Board of Trinidad and Tobago, according to a disciplinary panel decision document. His licence was then suspended for three months. “Those are two very significant breaches,” said Harte. A decade after Singh's criminal convictions, he entered into a secret agreement with the college forcing him to have a female health professional with him if he is interacting with female patients or female caregivers of patients. The 2003 restriction, unrelated to his criminal convictions, came after allegations were referred to the college's discipline committee, said Clarke. The allegations, which Clarke said were related to patients but did not include sexual touching, were withdrawn in October 2003 “as there was no reasonable prospect of a finding.” She did not respond to followup questions on the nature of the allegations. The voluntary agreement was updated in 2013, restricting Singh from treating anyone over the age of 18. It is not clear why. Clarke said there were no new allegations, but “the college may conduct investigations based on a variety of information about the physician's clinical practice.” A prospective patient searching for Singh on the college's public registry will only see the two conditions from the updated 2013 agreement. Singh's registry history under 2003 simply says: “Transfer of class of certificate to: Restricted certificate.” There are no other details. Clarke said keeping the reasons behind the agreement “unavailable to the public” is mandated by law, noting the terms and conditions on a doctor's certification must be made public, but that the law does not provide for a “summary of details” to be made public. Roach said having a female health professional supervise doesn't necessarily make the environment any safer. “They themselves — they can become victims,” said Roach, who started her career as a nurse. Clarke said Singh's chaperones have “voluntarily agreed” to act in the role and are fully aware of Singh's discipline history. “It is desirable to have a regulated health professional act in this role as they are aware of the expected standards of practice, and are capable of fulfilling this function appropriately and completely,” she said. When Singh tried to get back hospital privileges in Sarnia in 1992, nurses successfully rallied to get Singh banned from St. Joseph's Health Centre, collecting 2,600 signatures on a petition arguing their workplace should be free of harassment. With files from Paul Moloney, Colin Graf and The Canadian Press
Obama is back, and this is what will happen
by Jon Rappoport
January 31, 2017
Through his mouthpiece, Kevin Lewis, Obama is back. The great Uniter, Mr. Hope and Change, the messiah of “we're all in this together,” the father of Obamacare, the prophet of post-racial America, the former First Community Organizer, the free cell phone provider is on the stump again.
Politico: “Kevin Lewis, spokesman for Obama in his post-presidency, said that Obama — who has been threading the balance between the tradition of presidents deferring to their successors and coming out against President Donald Trump on specific issues he considered core values — ‘is heartened by the level of engagement taking place in communities around the country'.”
“It is Obama's first statement since leaving the White House.”
“'Citizens exercising their Constitutional right to assemble, organize and have their voices heard by their elected officials is exactly what we expect to see when American values are at stake', Lewis said.”
“'With regard to comparisons to President Obama's foreign policy decisions, as we've heard before, the president fundamentally disagrees with the notion of discriminating against individuals because of their faith or religion', Lewis said.”
Understand the trends and fashions—as reported by major media. There was: fake news stole the election; fake news sites were pawns moved on the board by Putin; Putin stole the election; Putin stole it for Trump; Trump is a Russian agent.
The latest: Obama is here again.
This allows the Democrats and the Left and Soros-funded troops to say Trump is not the real president. He's a fake president. If anyone is the real president, it's still Obama, and they will listen to him and follow him.
This idea will bloom.
Somebody—perhaps the Left's dough-boy, Michael Moore—will say, “We do have a president and he is Barack Obama. I don't care whether he's living in the White House. Wherever he is, whatever he does, we'll go with him, so we can save the country from this cheap imitation.” He'll grin, blow his nose, snarfle, and giggle.
But behind these shenanigans, there is a serious point. The whole thrust of ops after Election Night was designed to allow media to wriggle off the hook for predicting Hillary would win and for overtly supporting her.
The storyline? Trump isn't actually the president. He didn't win. He cheated. Therefore, we the media were correct. Hillary did win. Our polls were accurate. Our forecast was accurate.
This is now bolstered by the return of Obama. The great one sojourned in the desert and came back to give us more truth. O hail. All praise.
“Okay, Trump IS the president, but not really. Obama is.”
This is what you get in certain countries where the president is running the day-to-day show, and then suddenly, from behind the curtain, steps the great religious figure wearing his cloak and his hat. He speaks a few words of wisdom (and warning, because he is the spiritual leader of millions of people), shakes his bejeweled finger, and disappears.
We can expect this action from Obama now and again as time passes.
His followers are so deep in trance that, if Obama dropped his pearls in Arabic, with a dutiful translator standing by, they would rejoice to an even greater degree.
“I am the ghost and conscience of the people, and here is my message today, as I stand in the clouds above the White House…”
Perhaps you recall that, during the 2008 Primary race, there were several large Obama events where the audience was slowly chanting “O-bam-AH, O-bam-AH,” right out of an old Star Trek episode in which Kirk and his crew were dealing with a society under the hypnotic control of a high priest who turned out to be a computer. I watched one of these Obama campaign rituals on television—and suddenly the chanting stopped on a dime. I assumed Democratic operatives in the hall shut it down. They didn't want the viewing audience at home to think O's candidacy was a ceremonial invocation or an MKULTRA sub-project.
Cheap cheesy archetype-caricatures are in play. Disney should pick up the option. Obama. The Great Father. Angel of Peace. Elder of the Tribe. The Prophet. The Redeemer. The Wise One.
Which Hollywood studio is going to hire which screenwriter and which beloved director to do the biopic of all biopics? O-bam-AH, in theaters and IMAX. Special effects by DARPA. After three hours in the dark, millions of people will stagger into the streets weeping.
“I felt like my whole life changed. He is the president.”
“He gave the Gettysburg Address and ended slavery.”
“Chicago Police report that 13 people died in a celebration outside a theater premiering the film, O-bam-AH, last night. There are unconfirmed rumors of shots being fired. One witness stated that a man from the well-known Southern Illinois group, White Trump Racists for the Reinstitution of Mass Slavery, was handing out copies of what he claimed were counterfeit birth certificates of the former president…”
The op continues.
“I'll take O-bam-AH the Rainbow Warrior and Provider of Free Everything for All, for four hundred, Alex.”
Jon Rappoport
The author of three explosive collections, THE MATRIX REVEALED, EXIT FROM THE MATRIX, and POWER OUTSIDE THE MATRIX, Jon was a candidate for a US Congressional seat in the 29th District of California. He maintains a consulting practice for private clients, the purpose of which is the expansion of personal creative power. Nominated for a Pulitzer Prize, he has worked as an investigative reporter for 30 years, writing articles on politics, medicine, and health for CBS Healthwatch, LA Weekly, Spin Magazine, Stern, and other newspapers and magazines in the US and Europe. Jon has delivered lectures and seminars on global politics, health, logic, and creative power to audiences around the world. You can sign up for his free NoMoreFakeNews emails here or his free OutsideTheRealityMachine emails here.
Nicolas Sarkozy is under pressure over yet another twist in the Bettencourt affair after Le Monde newspaper said it had proof that the French secret services had spied on one of its journalists to uncover his sources.
France's paper of record said an investigating judge had uncovered documents showing that state intelligence agencies had ordered the mobile phone operator Orange to hand over detailed phone records of its investigative reporter Gérard Davet. These included details of every call Davet had made and received and the geo-localisation of his movements.
Shortly after the secret services illegally requested the phone files on Davet in July 2010, Le Monde said state spies identified an adviser in the justice ministry as the supposed source for one of Davet's stories. The adviser, a magistrate, was swiftly demoted and posted to French Guyana.
The Bettencourt affair began as a family feud between the L'Oréal heiress, Liliane Bettencourt, and her daughter. But in 2010 it exploded into a series of scandals that threatened the highest levels of the French state.
Investigations were opened into illegal party funding, suspected tax evasion and money-laundering while Bettencourt's links with Sarkozy and his government, in particular the minister of labour, Eric Woerth, came under the spotlight.
Davet was targeted after an article revealing Woerth's links to the case.
Le Monde began court action in September last year, suing for the violation of the French law that protects the anonymity of journalists' sources. The paper said the targeting of Davet and his personal phone information was illegal.
The alleged targeting of journalists in the Bettencourt affair, seen as an attempt by the state to intimidate sources into staying quiet, has become known as "the scandal within a scandal".
In a scathing front-page editorial Le Monde said the tracking of journalists had become "an affair of state" which lent credence to the suspicion that a cabinet noir, or office of shady operations, existed at the highest reaches of French power, namely the Elysée.
Ever since becoming a Microsoft PowerShell MVP back in the summer of 2014, I have been heavily involved with various PowerShell Desired State Configuration (DSC) projects. The main initiative I have been involved with is the SharePointDSC module which is currently led by Brian Farnhill down in Australia. While my contributions to the core of the project have been limited, I have been spending numerous hours working on a new concept I came up with and which is very close to my heart. Reverse DSC is something I introduced back in late 2015 after spending some late night hours testing out my SharePointDSC scripts. It is the concept of extracting a DSC Configuration Script out of an existing environment in order to be able to better analyze it, replicate it or onboard it onto PowerShell DSC. Let me be very clear, this concept does not only apply to the SharePoint world; it applies to all software components that can be automated via DSC. I am of the opinion that this concept will be a game changer in the world of automation, and I strongly encourage you to read through this article to better understand the core concepts behind it.
Definitions
To get started, and to make sure we are all on the same page, let us define the following two terms:
Desired State : represents how we want a component to be configured. For example, the Desired State of a SharePoint Site (SPWeb) could be defining its title. The Desired State could in this case define that to be in its Desired State, a given Site needs to have a title of “Intranet”.
: represents how we want a component to be configured. For example, the Desired State of a SharePoint Site (SPWeb) could be defining its title. The Desired State could in this case define that to be in its Desired State, a given Site needs to have a title of “Intranet”. Current State: represents how a component is currently configured. In many cases the Current State can be the same as the Desired State, which is completely fine. PowerShell DSC aims at making sure that whenever the Current State is not equal to the Desired State, that we do everything in our power to bring the server node back in its Desired state.
Anatomy of a DSC Resource
Before we go any further, it is key to understand how DSC Resources work internally. Just as a refresher, a DSC Resource is responsible for configuring a specific component within a DSC module. For example, within the SharePointDSC module, the MSFT_SPWebApplication resource is responsible for configuring SharePoint Web Applications. Every DSC Resources are made of 3 core functions: Get-TargetResource, Test-TargetResource, and Set-TargetResource.
Set-TargetResource is the function responsible for bringing the server in its Desired State by configuring the given component represented by the resource. It is called on the initial configuration call (e.g. Start-DSCConfiguration for Push mode), and when the Local Configuration Manager (LCM) is in the ApplyAndAutocorrect mode and detects that the machine drifted away from its Desired State.
is the function responsible for bringing the server in its Desired State by configuring the given component represented by the resource. It is called on the initial configuration call (e.g. Start-DSCConfiguration for Push mode), and when the Local Configuration Manager (LCM) is in the ApplyAndAutocorrect mode and detects that the machine drifted away from its Desired State. Get-TargetResource is the function responsible for analyzing what the current state is for the component represented by the DSC Resource.
is the function responsible for analyzing what the current state is for the component represented by the DSC Resource. Test-TargetResource is responsible for calling the Get-TargetResource function to obtain the current state, and compares it with the Desired State contained within the Local Configuration Manager. If it detects that the current state doesn't match the Desired State, and the LCM is in ApplyAndAutocorrect mode, it will call the Set-TargetResource method to ensure the machine is brought back in its Desired State.
The figure above details the process of PowerShell DSC where the Local Configuration Manager is configured in ApplyAndAutocorrect mode. The LCM checks on a regular basis (defined by the Configuration Mode Frequency) to see if the server is still in its Desired State. To do so, it calls into the Test-TargetResource function. This function is aware of what the Desired State should be because it is stored in the LCM's memory (use the Get-DSCConfiguration cmdlet to see what is in the LCM's memory), but needs to call into the Get-TargetResource function to figure out what the current state is. Once that is done, the Test-TargetResource method has information about what both the Desired and Current states are and will compare them. If they are the same, we are done and we will check again later. If they differ, then we need to call into the Set-TargetResource method to try to bring the Current State back to being the same as the Desired State.
The Reverse DSC Concept
The magic of the Reverse DSC concept lies within the Get-TargetResource function. As explained in the section above, this function is responsible for obtaining information about the current state of the server node for a given component. So you may ask if the theory is that if, for example, I wanted to get information about all the Web Applications within my SharePoint environment, all I have to do is call into the Get-TargetResource function for the MSFT_SPWebApplication DSC Resource? Well, that is absolutely correct, and this is what Reverse DSC is all about. A Reverse DSC script is a dynamic PowerShell script that calls into the Get-TargetResource function for each DSC Resource contained within a DSC Module. In the case of SharePoint, that Reverse DSC script would be calling into the Get-TargetResource function for all DSC Resources listed in the following figure (note that the figure shows the components included in SharePointDSC v1.4).
The Reverse DSC script would then be responsible for compiling the current state of each DSC Resources into a complete DSC Configuration Script that would then represent the Current State of each component within our environment. If that ain't cool, I don't know what is!
Real-Life Usage
I am a Microsoft Premier Field Engineer, which means that most of my days are spent troubleshooting issues with my clients' environments. When I came up with the idea of Reverse DSC, my main intent was to ask my clients to run the Reverse DSC script against their environment, and send me back the resulting DSC Configuration Script so that I can replicate their exact environment within my own lab to make it easier for me to troubleshoot their issues with my own set of tools. However, as it is often the case with any innovations, it ends up that the main use for it may be something totally different than what I originally anticipated. Here are some of the awesome real-life applications for Reverse DSC We can come up with:
Dev/Test : As mentioned above, one of the main use of Reverse DSC is to allow an as-is replica of an existing environment on-premises. Most organizations I work with don't have good DEV and Quality Assurance environments that match their Production environment. Running the Reverse DSC script against the production environment will allow users to take the resulting scripts and create exact copies of that environment for DEV and Test purposes.
: As mentioned above, one of the main use of Reverse DSC is to allow an as-is replica of an existing environment on-premises. Most organizations I work with don't have good DEV and Quality Assurance environments that match their Production environment. Running the Reverse DSC script against the production environment will allow users to take the resulting scripts and create exact copies of that environment for DEV and Test purposes. Azure Automation : Organizations that have an on-premises Production environment and that are looking at moving to the cloud (even if just for DEV/Test), can generate use the Reverse DSC script to generate the DSC Configuration matching their on-premises environment, and Publish it to Azure Automation to have Azure Virtual Machine created that will be an exact match of the on-premises environment.
: Organizations that have an on-premises Production environment and that are looking at moving to the cloud (even if just for DEV/Test), can generate use the Reverse DSC script to generate the DSC Configuration matching their on-premises environment, and Publish it to Azure Automation to have Azure Virtual Machine created that will be an exact match of the on-premises environment. Compare environments : How often have we heard the sentence: “It works on my machine!”. With Reverse DSC, we can now run the script against two environments and compare the resulting scripts to see what configuration settings differ between the two.
: How often have we heard the sentence: “It works on my machine!”. With Reverse DSC, we can now run the script against two environments and compare the resulting scripts to see what configuration settings differ between the two. Documentation : While I don't foresee this as being the most popular reason why organizations would be adopting Reverse DSC, it would still allow them to document (in DSC format) the configuration of an environment at any given point in time.
: While I don't foresee this as being the most popular reason why organizations would be adopting Reverse DSC, it would still allow them to document (in DSC format) the configuration of an environment at any given point in time. DSC On-boarding: This one is probably one of the key application for DSC adoption within an organization. Most companies today aren't using DSC to automate the configuration of their environment and ensure they don't drift away from the specified Desired State. By simply running the Reverse DSC script against an existing environment and then using the resulting script as its own Desired State Configuration script, will ensure the environment is now maintained by the DSC process. It is almost as if by running through this process you would tell the server: “Tell me what your Current state is. Oh and by the way, that Current State you just told me about has just become your Desired State”. By doing this, organization can then specify how the LCM should handle configuration drifts (ApplyAndMonitor or ApplyAndAutocorrect) and detect when the Current State (which is now also the Desired State) is drifting.
See it in Action
The Reverse DSC script for SharePoint is already a real thing. However it is still waiting final approval to become officially part of the SharePointDSC module. The following video shows the execution the Reverse DSC script against my SharePoint 2016 dev server.
Next Blog post in this series-> SharePoint Reverse DSC
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Print
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
By
Lethbridge, Alberta, Canada – Saturday, September 10th 2017
At obstacle racing media, we cover more than just OCR. Why? Because I wanna. Plus there is a lot to learn for our sport by participating in other sports! The crossover between OCR and endurance running is fairly clear; training for an ultra prepares you for the rigors of the Spartan Race Ultrabeast or the World's The Toughest Mudder series and vice versa. Ultra distance events also allow you to tap into a great local community of runners to push you further and share training ideas. Consider this cross pollination.
As an introduction to my first ultra distance event, there seemed no clearer place to start than my own town – Lethbridge.
Except, was not a clear day: visibility was about a mile or less – and trying to see the other side of the valley was like looking through a glass of skimmed milk. The driest, hottest summer in years had turned most of British Columbia into a tinder box and since mid August, vast forest fires have been pouring blue tinted smoke and white ash onto the prairies. By the time I arrived at the start line on Saturday it was clearing, but I did spare a thought for the 100K and 100-mile runners who had battled through air quality indexes at +10 for most of Friday.
The history
The Lethbridge Lost Soul Ultra Marathon (LSU) is organized through a running club and runners store in Lethbridge – Runners Soul. Now in its 18th year, the LSU it has been billed as “The toughest race on the prairies.” Not to put anyone off; it is also known as “the nicest [race on the prairies!]”
There's a long waiting list for this race, and when entries go on sale in January, it sells out in a matter of hours. I was about to find out why.
The setup
The entry fee is CA$160 regardless of distance, which is an excellent value given the quality of this event. Three distances are available to choose from; the 54 kilometer, the 100 kilometer, and the 100 miler. The race is capped at relatively low numbers to maintain a great experience for all.
The course is separated into 6 legs, ranging in distance from 6 kms to 16 kms.
The first half of the course accumulates most of the elevation gain and loss, covering the eroded spurs of glacial till that form the valley walls, while the second half hugs the grassy banks of the Oldman River. Now, you'd expect the prairies to be flat, but I know better, in fact my GPS logged 53.06 kilometers or 32.9 miles with 1,441 meters or 4727 feet of elevation gain and loss during my race. This is not a flat course by any means, and this race climbs the walls of that river valley from bottom to top at least 13 times. The relatively short descents and climbs on the first two legs are extremely steep, but never dangerous.
Underfoot the surface is mostly dusty single-track, which isn't a particularly challenging surface to run on – apart from some sections with loose sand, deep gravel or powdery dust. Grip and breathability were really great in my Merrell All Out Charge. I felt like they were a good choice for the mix of conditions.
Do not assume that Canada would have cooler temperatures by September – cactus thrive alongside rattlesnake in the river valley. By 11 am on Saturday the mercury had risen to a punishing 37°C (98.6°F) in the river bottom! Dante himself could have found inspiration here for his inferno. It can snow this time of year in Alberta, and one week later at the time of this publication, it is a balmy 12°C! You have been warned: if it is a warm day, be prepared for the extended rigors and heat of the ‘North Loop'. Train in the heat!
The power of experience
The guidance strategies and course markings on the LSU must have been finely tuned over the years because I never once felt lost. Pink flags were liberally placed for high visibility.
I guess that when you get good enough at the big stuff, you can start having fun with the details. The race was full of amusing or unique things to look at, like tiny rocks painted as Minions, the odd fake snake, or rocks painted with motivational statements.
The hills all had different nicknames, from the rather obvious ‘First Hill' to ‘The Final Insult.' Very funny.
Oh, and in the woods of the north loop, there was this…
By later in the day on Friday, someone dealt with it before he could float anyone else…
This wink of knowing, dark humor kept me entertained and helped me keep perspective during the painful final hours of the race.
Those aid stations!
There were three aid stations on the course, each of which sat like literal oases on the prairie. Each can be visited twice on each loop and one unmanned aid station could be found halfway along the longest north loop. A bag drop can be made for two of them (HQ and the northernmost station at Pavan Park). I'm not kidding when I say that the aid stations here are probably among the best you'll ever experience. Where else can you get a grilled salmon sandwich along with a frozen lemonade? The choice of treats and drinks was diverse. Now, I know I might be gushing because I was high on endorphins, so take this with a pinch of electrolytes. Each was an oasis, that as you'll read later, I found very difficult to leave.
Volunteers
The volunteers at the LSU were THE BEST (again excuse my endorphins). I don't know if this is a regular thing at ultras, but at every aid station, I felt revered and respected like some kind of holy cow. Whether it was an encouraging applause, the sound of cow-bells announcing your arrival, or a knowing look from someone who has almost certainly been ‘there' (and by there I mean the deepest ‘pain cave'), I've never felt so supported on-course. People knew my number and my name. They interacted with me on a personal level. They were so engaged and ‘on task' that there was no need to really ask any questions or do anything other than check in at the station, with any assistance you needed being delivered before you even asked. OCR needs this kind of volunteer.
My Race
I had a fairly smooth race until the halfway mark. This was home ground for me, so I was well prepared for the elevation gain and the distance. I knew these trails and was making good time, until the heat arrived.
Staying hydrated in +35 degrees was a huge challenge, and as I came down from the ridges above the valley, I began to look longingly at the cool river running to my right. I was having a great time still, but I wanted to jump in right then. It seemed like the perfect antidote to the problem I was having with this heat. Heat had crept in and messed with my plans to finish strongly. It was the enemy and water was my ally. I thought about running down the bank for a minute and just standing in the water for a moment; it would take the pain out of my legs and lower my core temperature. It looked so inviting.
It would also leave me prone to blisters in my shoes and chafing. I might not feel like climbing back up the bank. The energy expenditure wouldn't be worth it. Best to press on across the flood plain which was cracked and baked hard in the sun.
The distance seemed to dilate and grow as the temperatures and exposure took their toll on my mind. I'm pretty sure I had forgotten my salt pills. I checked through my bag over and over. Yeah… they weren't there.
I took my shirt off and packed it for a while, exchanging it for my wide-brimmed hat to shield my head from the sun. I began to divert my attention away from how difficult it was and focused on keeping my running form balanced and maintaining the right heart rate, regardless of pace. I kept my mind busy – I was going to make it to Pavan aid station and recover a little before continuing.
This was a positive thought, yet in the back of my mind, I knew things weren't going that well. I was overheating fast, and I had a very primal thought that I was going to get into trouble soon – maybe even on the way to Pavan. My watch rang out to me to take my nutrition. I was trying not to check my distance too much, but I let myself this time. I was 35km in – 20 to go! The taste of the homemade gel I was using was starting to get weird. I struggled to swallow it: the task of eating and running was becoming burdensome.
Where was Pavan station? I felt like it was taking forever. But I tried to keep my mind positive. This was such a privilege to be able to run out here and to experience this kind of test. The North loop eventually spat me back out, and I made it to the Pavan Park aid station – almost delirious from the heat. I got my pack filled with more electrolytes and I ate a big handful of dill pickle potato chips from my drop bag – the sodium felt like it would be enough. It probably wouldn't be. I didn't think to ask for salt pills; I had come this far, and I had heard that they might not matter anyway.
The mood at the aid station was celebratory, easy, accommodating. It really felt like an oasis there. I felt myself relax for a moment – part of my brain enjoying the atmosphere and the contrast with how rough things had been just a few minutes earlier on the trail. I had to force myself to snap out of the momentary stupor to realize I was far from done. It took more effort than I expected to leave that place behind and get back on the trail.
I grabbed a frozen lemonade which I gulped down too quickly (hello brain freeze), and set off into the heat once again. I was cooler now, and feeling cautiously optimistic, knowing that I only had about 13 kilometers to go. I ran well for about 15 minutes before my pace began to falter again and soon I was unable to drink enough water without feeling sick. Heat exhaustion. Not enough electrolytes. It felt like I was drinking plenty, but in reality, I was taking in only small sips and becoming more and more dehydrated.
At that time, I got a message from my wife Deanna – she knew that my pace had died, as did everyone else; my family and close friends were watching my progress the whole time in real time via a Strava Live beacon. There was nowhere to hide what was happening, and messages of support soon flooded onto the screen of my smartwatch. There was plenty of help out on the course for me, but it was huge boost to know that I wasn't going alone on this – not at all.
Moments like this put you through a kaleidoscope of emotions. One thought began to persist – “this is what I signed up for.” I had become lost in an environment that was wild, inhospitable, and indifferent to my goal.
I had become that ‘Lost Soul.' It was time to pick up whatever energy I had left and make it back to the finish.
Time for redemption.
Completing two of the final climbs was accomplished by crawling on my hands and knees and once I was back on the flats, the trail brought me back to the first aid station among a set of baseball fields. There I was immediately set upon by 3 volunteers who quickly recognized the symptoms of heat exhaustion. I told them I was going to try and finish, so they stuffed my hat and buff with ice, the buff loosely wrapped around my neck to cool me down. I drank a lot of ginger ale, which seemed to help too.
The final leg felt better – but the ice under my hat and around my neck was melting fast so I picked up the pace. Again, congratulations started to buzz through onto my wrist – my family had seen that I had passed 50 kilometers. It was a huge boost to know I had come this far. One final challenge remained.
I made it to the final climb at the base of Fort Whoop-Up and took this last photo.
I've run up this hill dozens of times. I've carried buckets up and down it. I've ran up in the snow and in the heat. I know exactly how long it is, and that it has a second ‘summit'. Its not a big deal, maybe 300 feet from bottom to top, but after 53 kilometers it felt as tall as Everest. The sound of cow bells at the finish line nearby kept me crawling, dehydrated and unsteady, shouting at myself to keep going all the way to the top. I crawled my way to the top of that hill before hobbling my way to the finish. I don't care how small it looks in the photo or that people routinely do ultras that are much harder than this. To me it felt like the final character building moment in what had been a humbling day. It had taken me 6 hours and 48 minutes.
Nice and Tough
Make no mistake – this is the toughest race I have ever done. I expected that. What I didn't expect to hear was that the 100 miler had just a 33% finish rate and only about 66% of runners had finished the 50K. I felt grateful to have finished, but also understood that the line between finishing and not finishing didn't have to become a badge of honor. No matter when you called it, it was a huge accomplishment for all.
Prizes
Top category finishers received an etched rock as a trophy. All runners received a personalized tile, a North Face running jersey, breakfast the next day, and a chance to win prizes in a raffle. I'm really struggling to find a fault here with the whole deal…. um… it was too hot?
Conclusion
LSU is that race that everyone wants to do because it feels authentic. It's got that locally sourced, locally grown feel that contrasts with the escalating commercialization of athletics. Capping the race at smaller numbers mean it feels exclusive, yet so inclusive of each person on course. LSU could expand the number of entrants, but then that magic could be lost or watered down. The event isn't pretentious or showy, and Runner's Soul appeared to transcend self marketing or promotion pushing. It's a race that shows restraint and maturity in that regard. On a personal level, it taught me some very important lessons about my own approach to training and managing my race during extreme conditions.
The Lost Soul Ultra is one of those rare challenges worth waiting for. Make no mistake, this is an event where a person must journey through heaven and hell to make himself whole again. Despite the smoke, the heat and the brimstone I will be back next year.
Photo credit: Ralph Arnold photographics. Facebook contributors – used by permission.
Warning: This piece contains spoilers about Sunday night's episode of "Mad Men."
Well, that was fast. The gang at Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce is thinking about taking their advertising firm public, selling shares of the company at $11 each and using the capital to expand more aggressively and try to become one of the big boys on Madison Avenue.
Would Don, Joan, and Roger get to ring the bell at the NYSE? Maybe, but don't buy the stock. (Stan Honda/AFP/Getty Images)
It's a stunning turnaround for the "Mad Men" crew, coming just four years after they started the company, three years after the near-death experience of losing the Lucky Strike account and one year after a partner hanged himself in the office. But these are exciting times at SCDP, a time of limitless possibilities. The prospect of a huge payday has put stars in the eyes of Joan Harris, the company's administrative czarina, who stands to pocket a cool million in 1968 in pre-great inflation dollars, equivalent to $6.7 million today. (Given how she obtained her partnership, she earned it.) And the ever-smarmy Pete Campbell sees his cashing in on an IPO as a way to coax back his wife, Trudy, (played by official Wonkblog crush object Alison Brie), who would be better off without him, thank you very much.
Alas, we don't have access to full financials of SCDP (if creator Matthew Weiner ever wants to have the camera linger on Joan's meticulously prepared income statement and balance sheet, I'd be grateful). But from what we do know, should the company be thinking about going public? The answer gets at some bigger questions in how companies are (and should be) governed.
In modern America, the overwhelming majority of large companies organize themselves as publicly traded corporations, their shares freely available to be bought and sold by anyone with a brokerage account, the stock price a second-by-second referendum on the firm's prospects. A handful of giant companies, like Cargill and Koch Industries, have remained private (and so have countless smaller firms). In professional services, like law firms and consultancies, the most common ownership structure is a partnership.
Which is better? There's no right answer, of course, but rather a set of tradeoffs: Large private companies get to keep their detailed financial information secret and don't have to comply with a bunch of laws meant to protect shareholders, but they also can't tap the highly convenient source of capital that are the public markets.
But professional services firms — whose “product” is ideas, services or advice — are a different animal. And while there may be successful counterexamples, there's lots of reason to think they have no business being publicly traded companies. Sorry, Joan.
When investors buy shares in a company, they are buying a claim on the future profits the company will earn, and the raw tools that the company will use to earn them. When you buy shares of Procter & Gamble, you are buying an interest in the brand names of Tide detergent and Crest toothpaste and Gilette razors and in the factories and equipment used to make those products. You're also buying a share in what can loosely be called the organization of P&G — a process for developing, marketing and distributing consumer products that has had great success over the years and manages to funnel the efforts of thousands of people into household name brands.
Now compare that to what you're getting if you buy shares in a law firm, consultancy or an advertising firm like Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce.
There's almost zero value in the firm's physical capital; the office space is rented, and the desks and typewriters and (today) computers are of minimal value. The brand name may have some value, but it is intimately linked to the individuals who lead it, which means they could walk out the door any day of the week; Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce wouldn't be much of a powerhouse without Don Draper.
Moreover, those individuals who are creating value know exactly what they are worth and thus can demand a high share of the money they bring in, meaning that money isn't going to shareholders. Think of it this way: In a law firm, if a partner has a stellar year, bringing in a new piece of complex litigation business that earns $10 million for the firm, she is going to demand that a large part of that $10 million show up in her own compensation, rather than be funneled to the entire group of partners. And she would threaten to leave if she didn't get her way.
A corporate entity can own the Crest brand name. It can't own Don Draper.
The latest episode of "Mad Men" began with an investment banker advising about a possible public offering; yet the remainder of the episode showed why a firm like Sterling Cooper has no business being publicly traded.
First, Don lets his contempt for the sleazy Jaguar dealer Herb Rennet get the better of him and drops the automotive account that the firm spent all last season coveting. Then Pete bumps into his father-in-law at a brothel, which costs the firm the $9 million Vicks account. The rival firm Cutler Gleason and Chaough is in danger because one of the partners has pancreatic cancer.
So, if you're a shareholder of SCDP or the version of the firm that is to merge with Cutler Gleason and Chaough, this is your essential dilemma: You will be highly dependent on the performance of a small number of erratic individuals and the arbitrary whims of clients. If the firm does well, the superstars in its employ will demand most of the returns. And if the firm does poorly, there won't be any profits to go around.
If Sterling Cooper or most any firm like it were to go public, the basic equation would be: Heads the partners win, tails the shareholders lose. SCDP stock is a "Strong Sell."
Update: Ad Age found seven examples of advertising agencies going public in the 1960s, some of them small ones. But this does appear to be a thing of the past. "Just about any sort of agency IPO sounds impossible today, let alone one the size of SCDP," writes Matthew Creamer.
Santa Ana's Westfield MainPlace mall has been sold as part of a $1.1 billion deal that includes four other Westfield Corp. retail centers in Connecticut, Illinois and the state of Washington, the malls' buyers announced Monday.
Global mall owner Westfield, which acquired MainPlace in 2002 as part of a $5.3 billion transaction involving 35 properties, will retain 20 percent interest in all five malls, a spokeswoman said. The deal closed on Friday.
The buyers include a partnership of Centennial Real Estate Company, Montgomery Street Partners and USAA Real Estate Company.
Montgomery Street is an affiliate of investor Richard Blum's San Francisco-based Blum Capital Partners. USAA is a subsidiary of the USAA financial services company.
Dallas-based Centennial will be the managing company responsible for MainPlace's daily operations.
Built in the 1950's, MainPlace converted into an enclosed mall in 1987. Considered a super-regional mall, it has just over 1.1 million square feet, 200 stores and more than 10 million annual customers, said Jonathan Maher, the Westfield general manager who will stay on under the new owners.
The sale comes when malls are transforming from shopping centers to dining and entertainment centers where people go for an experience as well as to buy things, experts say.
MainPlace is now finishing up a $55 million renovation that transformed the Macy's Men's & Home into restaurants, a 24-Hour Fitness and a Round 1 Bowling & Amusement. The renovation also includes additional restrooms and a family lounge.
MainPlace “is not one that needs to be completely fixed,” Maher said. “We started the evolution. I think the intent of Centennial is to continue it.”
However, the new owners said that each of the five malls will be evaluated to ensure they meet the needs of their markets.
A Centennial spokeswoman said the company makes serving its local community a key focus in its operations. She said the new MainPlace operators will take into account what retail already exists here as well as local interests and needs.
Future development will include meetings with local officials and civic leaders, she said.
“Our goal is to provide a community hub and destination complete with the best available options in shopping, dining and entertainment,” Centennial CEO Steven Levin said in the company statement.
“A mall can't just be about shopping anymore,” Levin added. “Understanding the needs of your market is the cornerstone of creating a one of a kind experience that guests can't get online or anywhere else.”
People “have far more easy ways to shop and acquire food and services than by going to a shopping mall,” said Linda Berman, mall marketing chief of developer DJM Capital Partners.
The buyers didn't reveal how much MainPlace was valued at, but Maher called it “the flagship” of the five malls.
The other four malls purchased are: Connecticut Post Mall in Milford, Conn.; Hawthorn Mall in Vernon Hills, Ill.; the Fox Valley Mall in Aurora, Ill.; and Vancouver Mall in Vancouver, Wash.
The acquisition brings to seven the number of malls operated by Centennial.
Retail analyst Greg Stoffel noted that although MainPlace sits in a dense population center, the incomes in the immediately surrounding areas aren't high. And it faces stiff competition both from the nearby Outlets at Orange (formerly the Block) and from future retail in the Platinum Triangle, he said
That said, it's still a healthy shopping center.
“Look how long it's survived,” Stoffel said. “They have a Nordstrom, a Macy's and a Penneys. That's a good combination for that market. It's definitely not the worst center in Orange County. And it's not the best.”
Register staff writer Paul Hodgins and Register news researcher Ian Wheeler contributed to this report.
Contact the writer: 714-796-7734 or jcollins@ocregister.com
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
A pro-gay conference due to be held at a hotel owned by the Sultan of Brunei will move to a different venue, after the Asian country changed the penal code to call for gays to be stoned to death.
OutGiving, an LGBT equality-focussed conference for rich philanthropists, had been due to be held at the five-star Beverly Hills Hotel in May.
However, after Brunei passed a change to the penal code which calls for gays to be stoned to death, the group decided to boycott the Los Angeles-based hotel, owned by Sultan Hassanal Bolkiah, who instituted the policy.
The secretive conference is open by invitation only, and invites are only extended to individuals whose annual philanthropy exceeds $25,000 (£14,896)
The Gill Action Group, which organises the $1750 (£1042) per-head conference, has since confirmed that they are now planning to hold the event in a different venue.
Kirk Fordham, executive director of Gill Action, told the Washington Blade: “In light of the horrific anti-gay policy approved by the Government of Brunei, Gill Action made the decision earlier today to relocate its conference from the Beverly Hills Hotel to another property.
“We are seeking a return of all deposits.”
Leslie Lefkowitz, a spokesperson for the Brunei-owned hotel, said: “In the hotel industry, it is not uncommon for organizations to change aspects of their corporate programs, including the scope, date and/or venues of planned events
“Anytime a valued business partner decides to alter their plans, we respect their right to do so and look forward to the next opportunity to be of service to them.”
Rupert Colville, spokesperson for the Office of the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights, condemned Brunei's new penal code earlier this week.
He said: “Application of the death penalty for such a broad range of offenses contravenes international law.”
Researchers from the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee (UWM) have identified mechanisms in the brain responsible for regulating cocaine-seeking behavior, providing an avenue for drug development that could greatly reduce the high relapse rate in cocaine addiction.
The research reveals that stimulation of certain brain receptors promotes inhibition of cocaine-associated memories, helping addicts to stop drug use. This inhibition is achieved through enhancing a process called "extinction learning," in which cocaine-associated memories are replaced with associations that have no drug "reward." This reduces drug-seeking behavior in rats.
The work was presented today at the annual meeting of the Society for Neuroscience in New Orleans by Devin Mueller, UWM assistant professor of psychology, and doctoral student James Otis.
There are currently no FDA-approved medications to treat cocaine abuse, only treatments that address withdrawal symptoms, says Mueller. Abuse is maintained, in part, through exposure to environmental cues that trigger cocaine-related memories which lead to craving and relapse in recovering addicts. Currently, exposure therapy is used to help to recover addicts suppress their drug-seeking behavior, but with limited success. In exposure therapy, a patient is repeatedly exposed to stimuli that provoke craving. With repeated exposure, the patient experiences extinction, leading to reduced craving when presented with those stimuli.
If extinction could be strengthened, it would increase the effectiveness of exposure therapies in preventing relapse.
Isolating the receptor
The team found that a specific variant of the NMDA receptor, those which contain the NR2B subunit, are critical for extinction learning. They also discovered that drugs known to enhance NR2B function strengthened extinction because they act specifically in a region of the brain that regulates learned behaviors. In their investigation, researchers conditioned rats to associate one distinct chamber, but not another, with cocaine. Following conditioning, the rats were tested for a place preference by allowing drug-free access to both chambers. Rats demonstrating cocaine-seeking behavior spent significantly more time in the previously cocaine-associated chamber. Over several cocaine-free test sessions, addicted rats lost their place preference through extinction learning.
To examine the neural mechanisms of extinction, the researchers administered ifenprodil, which blocks NR2B-containing NMDA receptors, immediately after an extinction test. Ifenprodil-treated rats continued to spend more time in the cocaine-associated chamber even in the absence of cocaine, while saline-treated rats did not. These results were also replicated through specific infusion of ifenprodil into the brain's infralimbic cortex, localizing a key brain structure in arresting cocaine-seeking.
Other avenues
The results indicate that enhancing NR2B function would boost the effectiveness of extinction-based exposure therapies. Although there are currently no NR2B-enhancing drugs, the NR2B containing receptor can be stimulated using other molecular pathways, says Mueller.
An example is the brain derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) signaling cascade, which is implicated in neuron survival and growth. The authors targeted this cascade by directly administering BDNF into the infralimbic cortex. In extinction tests, administration of BDNF caused rats to lose their preference for the cocaine-associated chamber faster than rats given a placebo.
Mueller and Otis took these findings even further toward possible therapeutic intervention for addicts.
One issue with giving BDNF to humans is that it is unable to reach the brain through the bloodstream. Therefore, researchers next targeted the TrkB receptor, which is where BDNF normally binds. They did so with a newly synthesized drug that is able to reach the brain due to its small molecular size. This TrkB receptor agonist, known as 7,8 dihydroxyflavone, also strengthened extinction when given to rats during extinction training. The authors conclude that combining TrKB receptor stimulation simultaneously with exposure therapy could be an effective treatment for cocaine abuse, reducing craving and the potential for relapse.
###
Bloomberg News is reporting that Apple will launch its next iPad in March, with a high-def screen and faster processor.
Citing "three people familiar with the product," Bloomberg says the tablet will work with fast next-generation wireless networks.
The new iPad is being assembled by Foxconn Technology Group in Asia and mass production started this month, the report says.
The tablet will use a quad-core chip, making the device run faster. iPad 2 runs on a dual-core chip.
iPad 3 will also be compatible with a wireless standard called long- term evolution, or LTE, which is touted by industry experts as the fastest data network yet.
iPad 3's display will also have more pixels, rendering a better resolution, the report says.
Foxconn Technology Group is Apple's main manufacturing partner in Asia.
Editor's note: Meesoon Lee is a pseudonym. She spoke to Al Jazeera under the condition that her real name not be used. ROBERTSVILLE, Mo. — Meesoon Lee doesn't like to talk about the past. Sitting at a rickety card table next to her pastor, Lee spoke quietly about her life. The shy 62-year-old spent her youth in Seoul. That's where she met her husband, an American GI stationed in South Korea. The two were married, and she moved to New Orleans with him. They had two daughters. “He left me,” Lee said. After her husband moved, she became homeless. Her children were placed for adoption, and they lost touch. She lived on the streets of New Orleans for 15 years. That is until a group of women picked Lee up and cared for her when no one else would. She is one of six women that Missouri-based pastor Minji Stark's congregation call “the sisters.” They are the oldest women in her church, and several of them are military brides who, like Lee, fell on hard times and had nowhere to turn. Around the church, they are known to keep to themselves and don't say much, offering only short answers to questions. The sisters are a few of the many tens of thousands of Korean women who immigrated to the United States after marrying American servicemen. Most such marriages eventually fell apart, in some cases leaving the women vulnerable to homelessness or poverty. Stark's goal is this: to build a sanctuary where women like the sisters can turn for help. Peace Village is a Methodist church in rural, unincorporated Roberstville, Missouri, with a congregation largely made up of Korean women who married American GIs stationed in South Korea. Stark is married to an American man she met during his tour. “Peace Village is hope for whoever is alone,” she said. “When I visit different places and meet the people and I tell them about Peace Village, it gives them hope.” Peace Village is more than a church, she says. It is a community the women carved out for themselves when they found they had none. She knows there are more women who could go there, but for now, she does not have the capacity to take them. The calls roll in from all over the country, but she has to turn them away. Lee was lucky. In 1995 she was taken to New York from New Orleans by a Korean-American pastor who had opened a shelter for Asian-American women in need. Many of the women who passed through there, she said, were military brides like her. In 2000 she and several other women were relocated to the St. Louis area, where Stark took care of them.
Pastor Minji Stark preaches to the congregation of Peace Village.
Sitting at a congregant's kitchen table in suburban St. Louis with her hands wrapped around a steaming mug of barley tea, Stark spoke of her work. She believes it is God's work, done through her. “We learn from the bad things, and we learn from the good things,” she said. She paused to sip the tea. The other women nodded in silence. “Either way, we learn. Someone with the good life to help the bad life.” The history and experience of Korean military brides in the United States is long and complicated and is rooted in the nuances of modern Korean history. American GIs have maintained a constant presence on the Korean Peninsula since 1945, when the United States and the Soviet Union overthrew the Japanese colonial government there. Camp towns formed around U.S. military bases during and after the war, and Korean women began meeting American men. That's basically how Lee met her husband. Like many Korean women living in poverty at the time, she found work in a camp town near Seoul. She worked in a club. “Everybody was poor,” she said about her years in South Korea. She said a friend introduced her to her husband, who was stationed near Seoul. Lee was 22 when the two were married in 1974. She moved to New Orleans with him in 1976. During her years with him, Lee was “just a housewife,” she said. “It was not a happy marriage.” It is believed that 80 to 90 percent of the now more than 100,000 marriages between Korean women and American servicemen since 1945 have ended in divorce or separation. That's a number that is more anecdotal than empirical, but is cited by activists and community members as well as small group of Korean-American academics who study Korean military brides in the United States. The experiences of these women obviously vary greatly, professors Grace Cho and Ji-Yeon Yuh said, but a significant number suffer intense loneliness, isolation from Korean culture, pressure to assimilate, strained relationships with family members and, in some cases, mental illness, suicide and domestic or sexual abuse. And there is a stigma from other Korean-Americans, said Cho, who studies the role of military brides in the Korean-American psyche at the College of Staten Island. In Korea, she said, it is typical “that if you go to work in a camp town, then you're no longer Korean. The society rejects you.” There's even an expression in Korean: “Korean in body but no longer in mind or spirit.”
‘If you go to work in a camp town, then you're [perceived as] no longer Korean. The society rejects you.' Grace Cho professor, CUNY College of Staten Island
At least part of the stigma stems from the government-sanctioned prostitution catering to American GIs that was a visible part of life in camp towns, even though sex work was illegal in the rest of South Korea, said Yuh, a professor of Asian-American history at Northwestern University. There is no evidence that suggests that the majority of Korean military brides in the United States were prostitutes, Yuh said, but the stereotype became pervasive in South Korea and the United States. There is a pejorative term often used to describe people like Lee — women who married U.S. servicemen: yanggongju. It translates to “Western princess” and is laden with prurient assumptions. In one circle, women like Lee were yanggongju. In another, they were foreign war brides. It is these women who Stark is hoping to reach — the women whose intercultural marriages fell apart and left them without much in terms of a support system. One of Peace Village's sisters, also formerly married to an American GI, developed a mental disability. “She hears voices,” Stark said. The sister was the serviceman's third wife. They lived in a motel in Colorado, and one day he left and never returned. Stark says that when the police found her — waiting for him — the sister was “so, so thin” from hunger. There was “no supportive society. No church. Nobody.” Another of the sisters in Missouri showed up at Stark's church one day with two suitcases. She was from Kentucky, where she had left her husband and three children. She wouldn't say much about why her marriage fell apart. “It just happens,” she said. “All the time, hunting and fishing, drinking.” The stories are not limited to St. Louis. or the Midwest. Stark has traveled around the U.S. and has heard variations of the themes of desertion and despair from all parts of the country. In Chicago a homeless Korean woman who was abandoned by her American husband was leaving the vacant building where she and other people slept during the winter, and she was run over by a truck and killed. She was the first woman Stark heard about and the one whose story drove Stark to take action. “I stayed up all night thinking about her,” she recalled. “I had no rest.”
Some of Peace Village's “sisters” at the church in Robertsville.
Alex Lifeson talks Clockwork Angels Tour video in new Planet Rock interview
While Alex Lifeson was in London to accept his Spirit of Prog award yesterday, he made an impromptu visit to the Planet Rock studios for a short interview with Darren Redick (thanks GedFan for the heads-up). You can listen to the interview below or at this location:
Related Posts:
[Alex Lifeson talks Clockwork Angels Tour video in new BBC interview]
[Rush Clockwork Angels Tour streaming video preview from Radio.com now available]
[Pandora Premieres streaming the COMPLETE audio from Rush's Clockwork Angels Tour]
[Geddy Lee talks baseball, Clockwork Angels Tour films in new interview]
[Rush Clockwork Angels Tour previews from Radio.com this Thursday]
[VH1 posts Clockwork Angels Tour full 8-song audio preview and new Geddy Lee interview]
[Preview of Rush's Family Goy parody from the Clockwork Angels Tour DVD/Blu-ray]
[Rush Clockwork Angels Tour video 2112 preview clip]
[Rush Clockwork Angels Tour limited edition deluxe package]
[Rush Clockwork Angels Tour theatrical release November 18th]
[Geddy Lee talks Clockwork Angels Tour CD/DVD/Blu-ray in new VH1 interview]
[Video premiere of The Garden from Rush's Clockwork Angels Tour CD/DVD/Blu-ray]
[Rush Clockwork Angels Tour CD/DVD/Blu-ray OFFICIAL trailer released]
[Rush Clockwork Angels Tour CD now available for pre-order]
[Geddy Lee talks Clockwork Angels Tour video, Vapor Trails Remixed in new Rolling Stone interview]
[Rush Clockwork Angels Tour CD/DVD/Blu-ray to release November 19th, now available for pre-order]
Update: A ‘b' and ‘c' snapshot has been released to address various bugs and crashes. Changelog for ‘c':
[Bug MC-3151] - New Mob AI doesn't take world limit/Void into account for pathing
[Bug MC-45346] - Cake's Hitbox is Off
[Bug MC-46432] - Fences connects to Barrier block
[Bug MC-47650] - Block drops appear in wrong location or behind walls
[Bug MC-48831] - “Cross” and “Flower” Models Display Incorrectly
[Bug MC-50219] - “Slightly Damaged Anvil” Faces the wrong way in Inventory
[Bug MC-50221] - Exception on server start “Name and ID cannot both be blank” when started with online-mode=false
[Bug MC-50276] - Planted Nether Wart appears as purple and black checkerbox .
[Bug MC-50280] - Missing cauldron inner side
[Bug MC-50288] - Player data cleared after switching to 14w10b
[Bug MC-50296] - Cobblestone wall not stacking correctly / Missing Post / Floating Torch
[Bug MC-50309] - Pressure Plates use the “pressed down” graphic for their inventory icon
[Bug MC-50322] - Z-fighting in iron bars
[Bug MC-50335] - Fences partialy lose texture when connected to stonebrick
[Bug MC-50349] - Iron Bars are rendered wrong when connected
[Bug MC-50351] - Double Sandstone Slab texture broken
[Bug MC-50367] - Bad HitBoxes and Eyes positions.
[Bug MC-50370] - Model Warning Console Spam When Switching Resource Packs
[Bug MC-50373] - Cactus Rendered Too Bright
[Bug MC-50396] - Can't model top and bottom half of doors separately
[Bug MC-50432] - Tile Entities in a CLONE … REPLACE FORCE region are replaced by barrier blocks on the second clone operation
And previous changelog for ‘b':
[Bug MC-50219] - “Slightly Damaged Anvil” Faces the wrong way in Inventory
[Bug MC-50220] - “Nether Brick Fence” is not rendered correctly in inventory
[Bug MC-50221] - Crash report on a server
[Bug MC-50222] - Dirt texture on Grass Blocks is green
[Bug MC-50223] - 14w10a dedicated server crash at startup
[Bug MC-50226] - Jukebox is missing the textures when disc is inside
[Bug MC-50229] - Scoreboard team option deathMessageVisibility error message lists wrong options when ran without option parameter
[Bug MC-50231] - Failed to load user/ip banlist
[Bug MC-50232] - Wheat appears as purple and black checkerbox
[Bug MC-50233] - Double Stone Slabs have the “missing texture” texture
[Bug MC-50235] - End Portal Frame Texture Bug
[Bug MC-50239] - Middle-clicking hydrated farmland gives me a weird 2D dirt block
[Bug MC-50241] - Cannot add or set scores of offline or “fake” players
[Bug MC-50242] - Powered Repeater
[Bug MC-50246] - Bed Bug
[Bug MC-50250] - texture of nether wart is broken
[Bug MC-50254] - full snowlayer block has a missing model/texture
[Bug MC-50256] - Powered repeater doesn't show edges of torch
[Bug MC-50259] - Upward facing dispenser texture bug
[Bug MC-50265] - The Nether Brick Fence fail texture in inventory
[Bug MC-50267] - Hopper: java.lang.ClassCastException: atf cannot be cast to aoc
[Bug MC-50270] - Hopper: java.lang.ClassCastException: atf cannot be cast to arj
[Bug MC-50271] - When jukebox plays music disk, the texture disappears
[Bug MC-50273] - Hopper: java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: -1
Once again the majority of our time between this and the last snapshot has been spent on Plugin API related tasks (most notably inventory rewrite, block model format and block state concepting), and as such this is mostly a bugfix & mapmaker snapshot. Don't worry, we have some cool survival plans soon!
This snapshot also has the (hopefully-)final step towards supporting name changes in Minecraft. All server files that are intended to refer to players will be automatically changed to go by UUIDs, and you do not need to do anything. However, this does mean that any third party tool will not work on these files, and will need to be updated to work with them.
Though names changes are technically supported in this snapshot, they will not be available until after 1.8 releases when we will be confident that the majority of active servers have updated to support UUIDs. We will be releasing a Minecraft 1.7.6 version soon to backport these UUID changes for normal servers.
Please report any and all bugs you find in Minecraft to bugs.mojang.com. If nobody reports a bug, we can't fix it!
Mapmaker changes:
Fixed stat.useItem for many items
Fixed bounding boxes of item frames and paintings, they can't overlap anymore
Fixed debug rendering of bounding boxes for many entities
Added stat.crouchedOneCm and stat.sprintedOneCm
Testing for scores now also works in @e entity selectors
Fixed potential “infinite” recursion issue with the blockdata command in commandblocks
New stat.timeSinceDeath
Added scoreboard team property to disable death messages
Command /scoreboard players <set add remove>can now filter by NBT data</set add remove>
Players in creative mode can now damage entities even if they are flagged invulnerable
Improved position handling of item frames and paintings
Minor tweaks to the /clone command to make it more reliable
Bugs fixed in this snapshot:
[Bug MC-2053] - Inconsistent door texture
[Bug MC-3450] - While lying in bed nearby mobs will look above the player
[Bug MC-11681] - Players' nameplates are too low while sleeping in beds
[Bug MC-31047] - Use Item Stat Corresponds to Left-click, Not Right-click
[Bug MC-44851] - Wither cant be killed with /kill while invulnerable
[Bug MC-45375] - Improper Cake Texture
[Bug MC-46207] - Phantom floating mobs are generated by any spawner (including natural dungeon spawners)
[Bug MC-46223] - @a, @p, @e or @r doesn't include dead player
[Bug MC-46428] - Armor Doesn't Hide for the player himself In Spectator
[Bug MC-46430] - Spectator mode can throw item in every place, but can't take them
[Bug MC-46596] - In spectator mode, mobs can still follow the player
[Bug MC-47028] - @e selector does not accept scoreboard parameters in non-player entities.
[Bug MC-47431] - Hand shifts to the side when crouching/sneaking
[Bug MC-47571] - Fishing line casts below the Player
[Bug MC-47646] - Player 2 blocks higher when sleeping in bed and noclip
[Bug MC-47656] - Other Player's arms aren't moving when watching them mining/placing blocks
[Bug MC-47696] - Block sounds are distorted if walking with left and right keys
[Bug MC-47744] - Cannot disable experience from villager trades
[Bug MC-48160] - Cannot hide potion effect tooltips using HideFlags
[Bug MC-48372] - Crash when using /clone on complex structure(command block and pulser)
[Bug MC-48476] - Falling sand doesn't display when summoned
[Bug MC-48503] - Placing a Sign with NBT Tags doesn't apply the tags to sign
[Bug MC-48512] - Vines no longer have a back face texture
[Bug MC-48544] - Baby cow eye height is misplaced and causes them to suffocate in 1-high areas
[Bug MC-49057] - command block T flip flop (command crash game)
[Bug MC-49142] - /fill wrong comparator output
[Bug MC-49305] - Server Scoreboard “36>16” Bug
[Bug MC-49375] - Brewing Stand CTRL+Middle Click Copy Derp
And many more that weren't on the bug tracker so we couldn't mark them as fixed! Did I mention please report bugs? Thanks.
To get snapshots, open your launcher and press the “New Profile” button. Call it “snapshots” and check the box saying “Enable experimental development snapshots” and save. To switch to the normal version, you can select it in the dropdown at the bottom left corner of the launcher. Back up your world first or run the game on in a different folder (See the “new profile” dialog).
Snapshots can corrupt your world, please back up and/or run them in a different folder from your main worlds.
Cross-platform server jar: https://launcher.mojang.com/mc/game/14w10c/server/d97cc24dad232b5452644facde54c47854283b99/server.jar
Report bugs here:
// The Minecraft and Minecraft Realms teams
This article originally appeared on Completed Thoughts.
To whoever or whatever is behind all of this, this life, I am grateful.
Thank you for all of the things I take for granted, for the gifts which I have become used to.
Thank you for occasionally catching me in the rain, so that I may be reminded of how incredibly fun it is.
Thank you for never letting me be fully content, so that I may forever seek to better myself and others.
Thank you for aches and pains, so that I may appreciate comfort and ease.
I am grateful for the vibrant colors of flower petals which make my eyes celebrate and rejoice.
Thank you for thwarting my attempts to get what I want, and then offering me something better down the road.
Thank you for all of the moments of magic, joy, excitement and serenity.
Thank you for the people who are so special that it hurts to be apart from them.
With all of my being, thank you for the countless hours of work, toil and struggle of those who came before me, allowing me to enjoy the fruits of their labor.
Thank you for the ability to read, to enter into imagined lands of other minds and partake in the wisdom of geniuses.
Thank you for waking me up in the middle of the night so that I may feel my love's breath on the back of my neck.
Thank you for making life temporary, so that I may appreciate and value everything I have and am given.
I am grateful for the dreamers of the world, who give us a glimpse into the realities that we shall one day know.
Thank you for the twinkling lights in the night sky that leave me in awe of their magnificence and distance.
Thank you for one seed having the potential to create an infinite supply.
Thank you for the heat of the sun and the bone-chilling cold of a window pane in the deep winter.
With all of my heart, I am grateful for the floating clouds, which I shall never touch, but will always embrace me with their comforting shade.
Thank you for the sweet, innocent smile of babies, the glimmer of light in their eyes and the purity of their hearts.
Thank you for the moments which have become the bookmarks of my life.
Thank you for grass which reminds us of the meaning of abundance.
From the center of my being, I am grateful for the touch of my angel, magnetized and energized with love which can find its way to the depths of my soul.
Thank you for trees and plants which magically take in my carbon dioxide and return to me healthy oxygen.
Thank you for the hand of a baby, wrapping its fingers around my thumb.
Thank you for the minds from which all great inventions issued forth and were once but the seed of an idea.
I am deeply grateful for family, a bond for no other reason than you just happen to share blood or a name.
Thank you for the few moments of perfection, of peace, calmness and comforting serenity.
Thank you for smell and taste, protecting us, yet providing daily adventure and excitement.
Thank you for making me, on the scale of the cosmos, infinitely tiny, so that no problem could ever truly be considered big.
I am grateful for mistakes, problems and stumbles so that I may stay aware and never stop learning.
Thank you for the nourishing dew-kissed morning air, glistening in the sun, full of freshness.
Thank you for the enchanting scent of flowers, forever enticing me to breathe their fragrance in still deeper.
Thank you for the memories, thoughts and experiences which can never be taken from me.
To whatever or whoever may be behind all of this or even if this is all some mind-boggling accident or a dream, nevertheless, I am grateful.
Thank you for the mind which lives through all of this and experiences it.
Thank you for this life, it is so much more than I ever could have asked for.
Thank you for everything, I have no complaint whatsoever.
About This Game
Dance-like intuitive gameplay makes for an enjoyable rhythm game
Comes with 25 tracks in a variety of genres
3 levels of difficulty: Basic, Advanced, Extreme
Progressing in the game unlocks new tracks and decorations for your room
Discover the truth behind the mysterious world of the game through interactions with Neon
A "replay" function allows you to go back and rewatch your own playthroughs
Airtone is a brand-new type of VR rhythm game that allows you to enter a virtual world along with the main character, Neon. The spectacular music and visuals make for an all-new arcade rhythm game experience!With sophisticated VR game controls, the player matches the hand controllers to markers as they fly down the lanes. There are three kinds of markers, "smash", "trigger", and "press and hold". Hit these markers in time to the music as you soar through the air.Airtone boasts a deep story that sets it apart from other rhythm games. The player receives support from Neon, and moves the story along by gathering the "Rhythm" residing in the music. As you progress through the game, you find out more and more about the mysteries surrounding Neon and the world you find yourself in.
NONDISCLOSURE AGREEMENT – INDIVIDUAL
THIS NONDISCLOSURE AGREEMENT
(this “
NDA
”)
is made as of _______________________ (“
Effective Date
”) by and between Riot Games, Inc., located at 2450 Broadway, Santa Monica CA 90404 (“
Riot
), and __________________________________, whose address is _______________________________________________ (“
Recipient
,” and Riot and Recipient each, a “
Party
”).
1. Scope of NDA.
This NDA governs all disclosures of Confidential Information by Riot or any of its employees to Recipient that have been made prior to the Effective Date or may be made in the future, including but not limited to, disclosures made in the course of your visiting any Riot facility or exploring one or more strategic business transactions with Riot. This NDA does not, however, obligate Riot to enter into any contractual agreement with Recipient.
2. Term
. The terms governing confidentiality in this NDA shall terminate on the date on which the professional relationship between the Parties ends. However, Recipient's obligations under this NDA with respect to Confidential Information previously received shall survive for a period of three (3) years following the termination date of this NDA.
3. Definition.
“
Confidential Information
” means, whether disclosed prior to, on or after the Effective Date, any information transmitted to the Recipient by Riot or any of its employees, including but not limited to, software, all works of authorship (such as documents, artworks, music, etc.), programs, algorithms, devices, methods, techniques and processes, financial information and data, business plans, business strategies, marketing plans, customer lists, price lists, cost information, information about employees, descriptions of inventions, process descriptions, descriptions of technical know-how, information and descriptions of new products and new product development, technical specifications and documentation, or any other information that is not generally known to, and cannot be readily ascertained by others, and which has actual or potential economic value. Confidential Information shall also expressly include the fact that discussions or negotiations are taking place between the Parties, including the status of such communications.
4. Non-use and Nondisclosure.
The Recipient agrees not to use the Confidential Information for any purpose other than in furtherance of Riot's objectives in connection with the engagement of Recipient and to further one or more strategic business transactions with Riot (as applicable). Recipient shall retain all Confidential Information in the strictest confidence, exercising at least the same standard of care used by Recipient to protect its own confidential or proprietary information (but in no event less than a reasonable degree of care), and take all reasonably necessary precautions to prevent disclosure of Confidential Information to any third party. However, Recipient may disclose Confidential Information to those employees, consultants, and/or agents of Recipient that have a need to know such information in order to carry out one or more strategic business transactions with Riot, provided that such persons are bound by non-disclosure terms at least as stringent as those set forth in this NDA. Recipient shall be responsible to Riot for any violations of confidentiality by such persons, and agrees to promptly notify Riot of any unauthorized possession or use of Confidential Information which may come to its attention. Without limiting any of the foregoing, visitors to any Riot facility are expressly prohibited from using any cameras, video cameras, or any other electronic and/or digital recording devices without the prior express written permission from an authorized Riot representative.
5. Exceptions.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the obligations of confidentiality under this NDA shall not apply to Confidential Information that Recipient can prove: (i) is already known to Recipient at the time of disclosure; (ii) has been independently developed by Recipient without reference to Riot's Confidential Information; (iii) becomes or has become publicly known through no wrongful action of Recipient; (iv) is lawfully obtained from a third party without any breach of a confidentiality or other legal obligation or duty to Riot; (v) is approved for release by Riot in writing; or (vi) is required by law, court or administrative order to be disclosed, provided that Recipient limits its disclosures to only that portion of Confidential Information that its counsel reasonably advises that it is legally required to disclose and promptly provides prior written notice of the order to Riot so that it may seek legal remedies to maintain the confidentiality of such Confidential Information.
6. Return of Materials.
Ambani, his wife and three children have moved into the building which is named Antilia, after a mythical Island. It contains a health club with a gym and dance studio, at least one studio, a ballroom, guestrooms and a range of lounges and a 50 seater cinema.
There is even an elevated garden with ceiling space to accommodate small trees.
The roof has three helicopter pads and there is also underground parking for 160 cars, which will come in handy for guests at Ambani's forthcoming housewarming party.
From the top floors of the 173m high property are spectacular views of Mumbai and of the Arabian Sea.
The 53 year-old tycoon is not only the richest man in India but the fourth richest man in the world. In total there is reported to be 37,000 square metres of space, which is more than the Palace of Versailles.
To keep it running smoothly requires 600 staff.
According to Forbes magazine Ambani, who owns much of Reliance Industries, the oil, retail and biotechnologies conglomerate, is worth £18bn. He used to help run the company before falling out with his brother.
The glass, steel and tiles used to make the building are reported to be from local sources.
Ambani does not appear to be influenced by calls by the Indian prime minister, Manmohan Singh, for business leaders to be "role models of moderation".
On Sunday morning, the people of Deir Ezzor woke-up to their yearly dust storm that submerges this densely populated desert-city in eastern Syria with large volumes of sand, as powerful winds from this meteorological phenomena sweep through this area unexpectedly.
For the Syrian Armed Forces' stationed inside Deir Ezzor, the poor visibility has been a thorn in their side due to the constant threat posed by the encroaching terrorists of the Islamic State of Iraq and Al-Sham (ISIS), who never miss an opportunity to take advantage of these volatile conditions for their own gain.
Not surprising, the ISIS terrorists bombarded the provincial capital with a barrage of mortar shells and rockets before they rushed the eastern gates of the Deir Ezzor Military Airport, where they found the Syrian Arab Army's 137th Artillery Brigade of the 17th Reserve Division fully prepared for this assault.
The terrorist group's attack on the Deir Ezzor Military Airport turned into a disaster, as their vehicles roamed through a vast minefield near the eastern gates, resulting in the destruction of four armored vehicles before they came under heavy fire from the Syrian Armed Forces; this prompted the ISIS terrorists to halt their attack and withdrawal to the east.
Meanwhile, southwest of Deir Ezzor City, the Syrian Arab Army's 113th Brigade – in coordination with the Shaytat Tribesmen – carried out a counter-assault at the Al-Tayyim Oil Fields, killing 19 enemy combatants from ISIS before they imposed full control over this area to the north of Mohassan.
Despite repeated attempts to capture territory from the Syrian Armed Forces in Deir Ezzor, ISIS has repeatedly experienced one disappointment after another, as these attacks usually come with an adverse effect.
Advertisements
Screenshot by CNET
The Twitter accounts for CBS News programs "60 Minutes" and "48 Hours" were used by hackers earlier today to send out messages accusing the U.S. of aiding terrorists, the network confirmed.
"We have experienced problems on Twitter accounts of #60Minutes & @48Hours; We apologize for the inconvenience; Twitter is resolving issues," read a tweet from @CBSNews. Read another from @60Minutes: "PLEASE NOTE: Our Twitter account was compromised earlier today. We are working with Twitter to resolve."
Bogus messages tweeted from the hacked accounts included this one from the @60Minutes account:
Exclusive: Terror is striking the #USA and #Obama is Shamelessly in Bed with Al-Qaeda.
And these from @CBSDenver, the account of a local CBS affiliate, which also saw its stream commandeered:
New Evidence of CIA Arming Al Qaeda Terrorists in #Syria
and
WMDs Provided by NATO to Al-Qaeda for a False Flag Operation in #Syria
The bogus tweets have since been taken down, but Arik Hesseldahl over at All Things Digital posted screenshots. The hackers' tweets also included links, which Hesseldahl reported were believed to lead to malware-carrying Web pages.
The Syrian Electronic Army, a group of pro-Syrian government hackers, claimed responsibility for the attack on Sunday. Last month, the BBC's weather service saw its Twitter feed compromised by the Syrian Electronic Army, which supports Syrian President Bashar Assad. And last year, news service Reuters saw bogus news stories involving the Middle East posted on its Web site. Al-Jazeera has also been a victim, with hackers sympathetic to the Syrian government compromising the network's short messaging service and sending out fake texts.
CBS is the parent company of CNET.
Updated 4/21 at 9:15 a.m. PT with Syrian Electronic Army claiming responsibility.
Decklist spolight: All decks from the HCT Winter Championship
What is the meta like at the biggest event of the season?
The HCT Winter Championship takes place at a mid-point in Hearthstone's meta-game. Spirit Claws and small-time buccaneer have been nerfed, exiling Aggro Shaman from the game, essentially, but we're still playing a very familiar Gadgetzan meta. The competition that is now going to the Bahamans March 23-26 is to feature the best 16 players from the four regions bringing a total of 80 decklists.
While there are certainly a handful of teched line-ups, such as Frank “Fr0zen” Zhang's Warrior-less composition or “b787”'s controlling triple Reno (including Priest) plus Control Warrior line-up, the majority of lists featured are simply considered as the most solid and reliable of them all.
RELATED: HCT Winter Championship event coverage hub
In Bo7 tournaments, where players bring five decks instead of four, an outlying quintet usually forms. Looking at the graph below, said quintet is both obvious and expected.
Pirate Warrior represents the most popular deck, used by 14 of the 16 players in the championship, followed by RenoLock with a 12-of-16 ratio. The common assumption is that Pirate Warrior will be benched in the majority of the matches, as recent attempts to leave it open and counter it instead—such as Team Liquid's experiments in Trinity Series—proved that's not a very sound strategy.
Midrange Shaman, Miracle Rogue and Dragon Priest come next to complete the top five. Usually, RenoMage would compete with these decks for popularity but with RenoLock running wild and midrange decks also finding their way into the meta, Freeze Mage has emerged as a tech choice employed by five of the 16 players and is neck and neck with its highlander control cousin.
Overall, with only five other aggressive decks besides Pirate Warrior, we're looking forward to a slowed down meta and with matches being Best of 7's there are long broadcast days ahead for fans of competitive Hearthstone.
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily, no spam, no fuss.
As part of a recent update to The Division, Ubisoft disabled the Trained Talent item and made a number of general tweaks to experience gain and drop rates for items and currency. Not everyone was happy with the changes Ubisoft made, and now the developer has said more updates in this area may come later.
Speaking today during a community livestream event, Ubisoft Massive community developer Hamish Bode said the studio is aware of concerns players have and will adjust the game accordingly in the future.
Things like Dark Zone balancing is "definitely a priority for the development team," Bode explained, going on to say that the studio is "looking at all of those things at the moment."
He stopped short of making any specific, official announcements, but made it clear that Ubisoft is listening.
Also during the event, Bode was asked about what kind of high-level gear players can expect down the road. He teased, "There are surprises to come."
The Division launched on March 8 and broke Ubisoft sales records. GameSpot's The Division review scored the game an 8/10.
"No matter how frustrated I grew with the game's semi-indestructible enemies or its repetitive leveling structure, I absolutely could not stop playing," reviewer Scott Butterworth said. "The world was too engrossing, the loot was too enticing, and the campaign was too gripping for me to simply walk away. I stopped caring about the game's flaws after the first few hours and proceeded to lose myself in obsessive stat optimization and cooperative gun battles. The problems (and frustration) never disappeared, but I was more than happy to play through the pain."
For more on The Division's critical reception, check out this roundup of review scores. In other news about the game, some possible DLC locations have been discovered.
I have a confession to make. It's a somewhat dirty, shameful confession, one that I'd bet more than a few New England sports fans are hiding from the public. But for years now, probably since I was in college, I've carried this secret, and now I feel it's time to let it out.
I'm a fan of Michael Felger.
It's out there, I said it, and I stand by it. Felger has played the role of outrageous instigator for years in the Boston Sports Journalism world, but his role is more nuanced than that. He plays the bridge between the "good ol' boys" of the Boston media - the colossi who once roamed the nationally-acclaimed sports pages of the Globe, or fought the Globe's hegemony over at the Herald - and the newer generation of Boston media types, who view sports media through the lens of a world that has come of age with blogs, Deadspin, and an increasingly-overblown big-media industry that continues to drift further and further from the pure business of covering sports.
Felger somehow antagonizes all of them. He's not stuffy enough to be a member of the "Boston Sports Media Lodge," characterized by heavy-set old men who have become too concerned with making themselves the story to really write anything of substance. Then again, he's not young and hip enough to really be one of the new ones, perhaps tainted by time spent with the old guys, or just a little too jaded by experience to embrace the open-minded, genre-bending manner in which new-age media engages with its audience.
There's a certain grace to his instigation, though. He navigates this minefield without any regard for how his colleagues perceive him, but at the same time, when interacting with them on-air, he tends to manipulate them so deftly, they often can't even see how much of a caricature he has painted them to be. It's a sort of sports journalism/punditry poetry, and he's probably the best in the region, if not in the business.
So it was today when, in a recorded segment on Comcast Sports Net New England, Felger demonstrated all of his broad powers of manipulation and instigation, while connecting with the older media that shared his stage, and yet showing his loyalty and commonality with the younger audience that grows disillusioned with those same personalities.
In short, Felger took two notorious soccer-haters in Michael Holley and Dan Shaughnessy and had a productive conversation about the Revs.
It was productive in different ways. Holley is a guy whom I have long heard to be totally dismissive of the Revolution and MLS in general. Every four years he talks World Cup, but people have told me repeatedly that it has been difficult to get him to cover the Revs even upon direct request. Shaughnessy is an avowed soccer-hater (I refuse to link anything he has written here, but FYI, he's written the exact same soccer-bashing mantra every four years since the 1990 World Cup. Did it this year, too.) who somehow thinks the New England market cares that he doesn't like soccer and thinks no one else does, either.
Felger manages to twist both men in different directions. Holley, fortunately, appears to be coming around on the Revs. He doesn't seem eager to welcome them into the Boston sports pantheon, but he wore the scarf and clearly recognizes that they are registering on the scene these days and MLS is on the rise. He still obsesses over MLS not being a top league, but we've all heard that before. Felger put Holley in a situation where he could either look like a dinosaur or show progression, and to his credit, he progressed.
Which makes all the more striking the utter refusal to adapt from Shaughnessy. The author and columnist tossed his Revolution scarf to the floor, made the necessary excuses about the World Cup, and continued to talk about how adults will never be into American soccer.
And then Felger just sliced him up. Shaughnessy tried to make a dismissive point by saying he'd forgotten the USA goalkeeper's name from the World Cup (yeah, Tim Howard). Felger snapped right back, answered him, and confirmed that everyone else in the room remembered the name. Shaughnessy tried to shake it off, but instead made it look as though he believes he himself counts as "everybody else," which is indicative of his blowhard ego and delusions of grandeur.
The best was this, though:
Felger: I feel bad for you, Dan, because in - Shaughnessy: You're delusional! Felger: No, no, I think you're delusional. I think that 8 years, 10 years, you're still gonna be sitting there, going to Fenway Park, WISHING for people to bitch about the Red Sox like you all used to do as dinosaurs, and in 10 years, people are going to be going to a soccer-only stadium in downtown Boston, and they're going to be banging it out at 20,000 people a night, and MLS is going to start to challenge baseball, maybe hockey, it's going to challenge one of these sports, and you're still going to be going down to Fenway Park, writing about the bullpen, and finding people don't care.
Holley then talked about how he doesn't think MLS is going to break that barrier, but higher-level soccer will, but the damage was done. Shaughnessy went on later to scoff at the possibility of the Revs ever being located in downtown Boston, a position he's made clear before, and it only further entrenched him as an outdated, out-of-touch windbag. As Felger put it in the open: a "notable old curmudgeon, soccer-hater, lover of the past, denier of the future."
In this, somewhat ironically, Felger shows himself to be infinitely more professional than Shaughnessy. To me, unless you're a beat writer, a sports journalist has an almost-sacred duty to put in his best work regardless of the sport. If it is a sport in your market, it must be covered. If you are given that assignment, or if some subset of your readers hunger for that coverage, it's your job to deliver the highest-quality product you can create.
It's almost ironic that Felger is more professional in that because his job these days is mostly to be loud and controversial. He's been typecast into the sort of arrogant contrarian role that has been inexplicably popularized by high-paid trolls like Skip Bayless, creating disagreement in order to attract eyeballs and advertising dollars. Here, though, Felger demonstrates precisely the skill that every good sports journalist should have: he saw interest, he saw an audience hungry for coverage, and rather than meet that hunger with disdain and pomposity, he gave them the time and effort they deserved. That, folks, is professional.
We can debate to the ends of the Earth whether or not CSN New England, the Revs' flagship network, made an error by even bringing Shaughnessy on for that discussion - everyone knows what he's going to say about it - but by having Felger there to shred him for his pigheaded intolerance, it became as pro-Revolution a segment as we were probably going to get with that trio.
One final note, and it's one that's very important: Shaughnessy is 61. His views are representative of his generation, but his generation is in twilight. They aren't even the magical target group of males 18-49 that every entertainment medium on Earth seems to covet. This sort of archaic discussion is a dying breed, and like Felger says, in 8-10 years, it's a conversation we probably won't have anymore.
But at least we'll still be able to check in with Shaughnessy on the Sox bullpen struggles.
... but really It's not too far off, is it?Soul Gems ---> Sailor Crystals: The Sailor Crystals practically serve as a Sailor Senshi's soul, as well as power source. Yaten even stated that the physical body is unimportant, all that matters is the Sailor Crystal. Very similar to what Kyubee tells Sayaka.Witches ---> Youma: While most of the Sailor Moon monsters are beyond goofy (I'm lookin at you Ponko), there are plenty that can be genuinely terrifying and dangerous. Also, even though It's played for laughs, the monsters are still aiming to maim and kill not only the Senshi but civilians too.On that note the Sailor Senshi do die, and in rather harsh ways. Sure they come back to life eventually, but that doesn't make their deaths any less horrifying to experience. Besides, Walpurgisnacht? The Senshi have also prevented world devastation.. 3 or 4 times. ('Cept when they didn't *cough* Crystal Tokyo *cough*)So, Sailor Moon and Madoka Magica show a very similar set of events, just with one emphasizing despair and fear and the other love and friendship.Except lucky for Sailor Moon, Luna isnt a creepy little prick.Done 2014, Ballpoint Pen and Photoshop_____________________________View this post on: Tumblr
Nicholas Latifi will sample GP2 for the first time this weekend when he races for Hilmer Motorsport in place of Daniel Abt.
Abt has withdrawn from the event to focus on the clashing second round of Formula E, where he drives for the team bearing the family name.
The former GP3 runner-up has scored the best result of P5 on four occasions from 42 starts across two seasons in GP2, and is looking at moving to IndyCar for 2015.
GP2 will be the third different junior category that Latifi has taken part in in recent weeks.
Competing in his second season in the FIA F3 European Championship this year and finishing tenth in the standings, the Canadian driver also took part in the final three rounds of the Formula Renault 3.5 Series and scored a second-place finish in the final race of the season. He then posted the fastest time of the three-day test at Motorland Aragon.
Last weekend he finished up fifth in the Macau Grand Prix F3 race.
Jon Lancaster continues in the other Hilmer car. Elsewhere, Conor Daly returns to action at Lazarus after Sergio Campana had taken over his seat for Monza and Sochi.
With recent confirmation that production of the Wii U is to stop and the fact that everyone's waiting for the Nintendo Switch to launch, now seems like a good time to take stock on the Wii U's life.
Sure, it didn't set the world alight in terms of sales or in the number of games released on the platform, but I'll be damned if I hear people say it ‘didn't have any games'. Here is my list of 10 (and a bit) games that were essential to Wii U owners. Maybe now that the Wii U is relegated to the bargain bin, you'll be convinced to pick up the console and see what you were missing out on, as these are some real class titles that span multiple genred. Let's-a-go!
It's amazing to think that a Ubisoft launch title would be anything other than filler but ZombiU managed to blend survival, horror and make great use of the Wii U's second screen. I honestly can't think of many games that even attempted to build a game around the Wii U's unique hardware quite as much as Zombii U did.
The game itself is fairly straightforward. Almost like a first-person rogue-like, you need to make your way through a zombie infested London and scavenge for weapons and items. What made the game unique was the way that dealing with items and storing them into your backpack was a real gameplay feature. Your backpack inventory was shown on the second screen and it was vitally important to keep stock of what you had and what you needed, often shifting things around to make room oddly shaped new items. What made this brilliantly tense was that the game didn't pause whilst you were looking at the second screen. Whilst you were busy shifting blocks around on a grid, your main TV would show you a zombie shambling towards you, making for the most stressful version of Tetris you've ever played.
The game also had some other neat ideas, like leaving messages to online friends and having to do corpse-runs to collect items you'd gathered on previous attempts. It did make its way to the other consoles but it lost a large part of its magic when it lost the Wii U's second screen.
As a kid I'd always dream of being able to make my own Mario levels, often drawing them out on paper and wondering how they'd play. Mario Maker taps into that and does it with such skill and accessibility that it's opened up people's eyes to level design in a big way.
What's most impressive with Mario Maker is just how simple it is to get started. By using the Wii U's second screen, all you need to do is drag and drop blocks, pipes and koopas onto the screen and you're good to go. What's also worth mentioning is the fine line Nintendo have walked between staying faithful to the original Mario games and also letting players be more creative with their designs.
This is because whilst most of the items, enemies and features you'd find in the games are in Mario Maker, there are also some new and unique elements too. By combining different items together you can make enemies that behave in ways never seen before and that allow you to create something really unique. The only downside to all of this is that Mario Maker is hamstrung by Nintendo's bizarre and poorly designed online system. Huge friend codes and a search function that doesn't work too well make it more difficult than it needs to be to find a friends level. Still, that's a small gripe when you consider Mario Maker has essentially given you millions of Mario levels to play through.
It's odd to talk about how Mario Maker's online functionality is so poor but then talk about how Nintendo managed to create their first online multiplayer shooter and do it so, so well. Everyone was surprised to see how Splatoon had turned out but make no mistake, this is not your standard Call of Duty.
Splatoon has the Nintendo magic sprinkled throughout, from the design of the colourful world, the outlandish transforming squid-children and the amazingly upbeat music, Splatoon is unlike any shooter you've played before. Firstly, it's not all about killing the opposition. Instead, the aim of the game is to ‘paint' as much of the map your own colour as you can. Sure, you can shoot the opposition, which causes them to have to wait and respawn, but this should only be used as an opportunity to do more painting.
The game had a solid 12 months of support, with new weapons and maps being added as well as monthly ‘battles' being played out where players could decide what team they represented (for example – team cat or team dog?). It's now not being really added to, which is no surprise given the Wii U isn't even being made anymore. There's still enough people online to make it worth picking up though!
Whilst some fighting game purists look down their nose at the Smash Bros. series, it's hard to not be impressed by the impression the game has made on the fighting game community. Super Smash Bros. is regularly played at all manner of tournaments and is well respected by many in the scene, yet despite its hardcore audience it still has that pickup and play accesibility that makes it shine with the more casual audience.
This is because there's no complicated combos to learn and special moves are never more than a simple button press away. On top of this, the level of fan service is outstanding, with characters from all of Nintendo's big franchises, appearances by some of its more obscure characters too as well as guest appearances by the like of Cloud Strife from Final Fantasy VII. Super Smash Bros for the Wii U is a deep and complicated fighting game that is easy to play and simple to understand. An amazing feat and a game that the Wii U can be proud of having in its library.
There was a time where JRPGS were found almost solely on Nintendo consoles. Not since the SNES has this been the case, however, with a lot of JRPGS making the move primarily to Playstation consoles and more recently the DS / 3DS. This doesn't stop the Wii U having two of this generation's best JRPGS though. Rather than add them as separate entries, I thought it'd be an idea to combine the two and let you decide.
Tokyo Mirage Sessions FE is as close as you'll get to a Persona game on Nintendo's console. Like a lot of Persona games, you and your band of teenage chums need to fight an evil power. Also like Persona games, it looks stunning and has an amazing art style. On top of the looks, the hundreds of hours of gameplay and the brilliant combat system, there are tons of Fire Emblem nods and winks. Plus all of the characters are essentially JPop idols so every now and then they'll burst into song. Weird? Yes. Hard? Yes. Beautiful and amazing? Yes!
A less traditional JRPG comes in the form of Xenoblade Chronicles X. Dumping the traditional turn-based battles for more action orientated, almost MMORPG battle system, Xenoblade Chronicles X is set on a huge open-world with tons to explore and discover. What really makes the game stand out is the mech suit you eventually obtain. This suit is ideal for battle and allows you to traverse the giant map and take on some of the harder and much larger enemies throughout the game.
It's all well and good being able to create your own, old-school 2D Mario levels, but what Nintendo console would be complete without an absolutely outstanding slice of platforming action? Super Mario 3D World doesn't really do too much which is new but it does offer some of the best 3D platformer since Super Mario 64. It's also a great multiplayer game, with 4 characters being on screen at one time it does get hectic but it never stops being incredibly fun. Also, the cat power-up is one of my favourite power-ups ever!
Similar to Super Mario Land 3D, there's not too much to say about Mario Kart 8. If you've played a Mario Kart game before then you know what you're in for. This being said, what you're in for is the best Mario Kart game there's ever been. This is the first Mario Kart that's in HD and it looks beautiful. There's also the courses themselves, which involve all sorts of gravity defying sections and allow you to race around track inspired by a number of Nintendo games, including Zelda and F-Zero.
There's been a number of truly impressive indie titles that made their way onto the Wii U and this is worth celebrating because it marks a real change in Nintendo's philosophy. Starting towards the end of the Wii's life Nintendo started making moves to getting indie developers onto their console, but it's really been the Wii U where things opened up.
Thanks largely to the Wii U's support of the Unity engine and Nintendo's willingness to adopt indie developers there are a number of these smaller titles that are well worth your time. As mentioned, Shovel Knight, Little Inferno and Steamworld Dig are all standouts for me, though there are plenty of others to enjoy. Fingers crossed that Nintendo continue this approach with their next console too.
When the creator of Viewtiful Joe has a new game out, I tend to pay attention no matter how good it looks. In Wonderful 101's case all of my attention was well deserved. Wonderful 101 is a fairly old-school brawler in some parts but then it's quick to throw in weird and unique ideas that make use of the Wii U's second screen. For example, whilst you're fighting you don't control a single character but instead are in charge of a whole mob of superheros. To defeat your enemies you need to get your team to work together to create a new form. Think of how the Power Rangers used to combine their mechs together and you'll get the idea.
This was done by drawing shapes on the Wii U's controller, or you could use the right analogue stick to ‘draw' the shape that way. Also, the second screen was used to offer a different perspective to the isometric view you'd see on your main screen. This meant that although the game was mainly focused on fighting, there were plenty of secrets and hidden heros to find throughout each level by using the second screen's unique viewpoint.
I remember when people were annoyed that Bayonetta 2 was going to be a Nintendo exclusive but the fact is that without Nintendo publishing Bayonetta 2, it would never have got made. What a shame that would have been.
If you love games like Devil May Cry (or maybe you're a fan of the first Bayonetta) then you'll love Bayonetta 2. It's full of over the top set pieces and has a combat system that rewards massive combos and lightning quick reflexes. At certain points the game can be incredibly tough but that just makes it all the more rewarding when you finally defeat whatever angel or demon you're currently battling. The whole game is a completely outlandish rollercoaster ride full of unforgettable moments and ludicrous characters – it's unlike anything else Nintendo have ever been involved with before or likely to be involved with ever again.
Assman's Funeral Chapel has provided funeral services for Prince George, British Columbia, since 1936 and cremation services since 1968. Our commitment to the community has remained unwavering, treating you with respect and dignity. Our caring staff is dedicated to providing you with the best service and responding to the changing needs of the Prince George community.
Caring for you
Losing a loved one is an emotional and personal experience, and we strive to provide comfort and honour during this difficult time. Our funeral home services are designed to help families through one of the most challenging times of their lives.
Through compassionate and individualized care, we offer personalized services to celebrate life and to create a remembrance as unique as your loved one. In addition, we feature exclusive benefits such as plan-ahead funeral services, and an extensive grief management library.
Contact us
Please contact us to schedule a tour of our facility or meet with a caring associate who is ready to serve you and your family.
The internet is still very young. It was only November 1977 when a group of computer scientists successfully connected three networks around the world, including one at University College London. It took until 1989 for the internet to become commercially available and about another decade after that for it to achieve widespread household use in Europe and the United States. Only then did we emerge from what I think of as the 'internet comma' days, when its mention in the media was always followed by a comma and a short description.
From there, we've got to the point where I, because of my long history with the technology, now run afoul of The Observer style guide. I remain convinced that as a unique entity the word requires capitalisation. You'll see that the newspaper is so comfortable with the term that it doesn't.
This reflects that in a very short time the internet has had a profound impact on the way we live, so it's hardly surprising that some people have expressed scepticism of its effects. Writing in the Atlantic magazine, for example, Nicholas Carr recently asked whether Google is making us stupider, while Doris Lessing's Nobel lecture last December included what many saw as an attack on the internet.
Yet such a transformative technology is bound to ruffle a few feathers. I have no doubts that its social repercussions will take decades to be fully understood, but it has already done much to benefit the world. It has provided access to information on a scale never before imaginable, lowered the barriers to creative expression, challenged old business models and enabled new ones. It has succeeded because we designed it to be both flexible and open. These features have allowed it to accommodate innovation without massive changes to its infrastructure.
And innovation on the internet happens at a rapid pace. Ten years ago, Google was simply an idea being explored by two graduates in California. The years to come will offer more that is new and exciting. It's easy to forget, sitting in the UK or the US, just how far the internet still has to go. Today, there are only about 1.4 billion users, representing a bit more than one-fifth of the world's population, and a substantial amount of the content on the web is still written in English. But the internet is becoming more global. Asia has more than 500 million users and Europe nearly 400 million and internet-enabled mobile phones will help extend the net to Africa, Latin America and the Indian subcontinent. We're about to see further waves of innovation.
There are more than three billion mobiles in use today and more than 80 per cent of the world's population live within range of a network. In areas where wireline or WiFi access barely exists, many new users will first experience the internet through a mobile phone. In developing economies, people are already finding innovative ways to use mobile technology. Grameen's micro-finance and village phone programmes in Bangladesh and elsewhere are known and respected around the world, but there are many less famous examples. During the Kenyan elections, Mobile Planet provided its subscribers with up-to-the-minute results by text message. As the cost of mobile technologies fall, the opportunities for such innovation will continue to grow.
We're nearing the tipping point for mobile computing to deliver timely, geographically and socially relevant information. Researchers in Japan recently proposed using data from vehicles' windscreen wipers and embedded GPS receivers to track the movement of weather systems through towns and cities with a precision never before possible. It may seem academic, but understanding the way severe weather, such as a typhoon, moves through a city could save lives. Further exploration can shed light on demographic, intellectual and epidemiological phenomena, to name just a few areas.
It's amazing how quickly those of us with internet access have come to take for granted the remarkable amounts of information we have at our disposal, but we're only seeing the beginnings. The bulk of human knowledge remains offline. As more of us get access to the internet, more of the world's information will find its way online.
The web is already making strides toward becoming truly global. While I was chairman of ICANN, one of the organisations that helps ensure that the internet works uniformly around the world, we adopted rules to allow the system of domain names to accommodate non-Roman characters, making the web more accessible to people whose languages use other scripts, such as Arabic, Korean or Cyrillic.
There are improvements in automatic language translation tools and, in particular, the field that we call machine learning. It is already possible to do a Google search and explore the results in English across web content in 23 different languages, from Czech to Hindi to Korean. Speakers of any of those languages can now explore content on the web written in any of the others.
The technology isn't perfect yet, but it's rapidly improving. Even in its present form, it's easy to imagine a not-too-distant future in which automatic translation will allow two people in the world to message one another in real time, each experiencing the chat in his or her tongue. Just imagine what a significant step that will be.
The technological progress of the internet has set huge social changes in motion. As with other transformative innovations before it, from the telegraph to television, people will continue to worry about the effects; the printing press and the rise in literacy that it effected were long seen as destabilising forces. Similar concerns about the internet are being raised, but if we take a long view, its benefits far outweigh the discomforts of learning to integrate it into our lives.
After working on the internet for more than three decades, I'm more optimistic about its promise than ever. It has the potential to change unexpected parts of our lives: from surfboards that let you surf the web while you wait for the next wave to refrigerators that can email you suggested recipes based on the food you already have.
My colleagues at Nasa and I are even working on an interplanetary internet, which will make getting information to and from spacecraft in the far reaches of the solar system more reliable.
Closer to home, we're at the cusp of a truly global internet that will bring people closer together and democratise access to information. We are all free to innovate on the net every day and we should look forward to more people around the world enjoying that freedom.
· Vint Cerf, a vice president of Google, co-designed the architecture of the internet
· Catherine Bennett is away
I just finished reading Half the Sky, Nicholas Kristof and Sheryl WuDunn's book on what we can do to improve the status of women worldwide. One of the book's major arguments is that, despite their opposition to abortion and contraception, religious groups often do more good than secular liberals give them credit for:
Religious conservatives… have also saved lives in vast numbers by underwriting and operating clinics in some of the neediest parts of Africa and Asia. When you travel in the poorest countries in Africa… the people you almost inevitably encounter are the missionary doctors and church-sponsored aid workers. [p.142]
Kristof and WuDunn write that both religious and secular groups do important work, and that liberals, moderates and conservatives from across the political spectrum should be able to cooperate to accomplish more. I agree! And so does Saad Mohammed Ali, a U.S. resident and former Iraqi refugee who's fluent in English and Arabic. He applied for a caseworker position at World Relief, the humanitarian arm of the National Association of Evangelicals, for a job that involved helping Iraqi refugees resettle in America. On the face of it, he seemed ideally suited. And World Relief would have thought so too – except, it turns out, for one small, insignificant detail (HT: The Wall of Separation):
…a few days after he applied for the position last December, [Ali] got an unexpected call from the same manager at World Relief: She was sorry, she told him, but the agency couldn't offer him the job because he is not Christian.
Saad Mohammed Ali, you see, is a Muslim. And no matter how well qualified a Muslim might be to help the people World Relief wants to help, World Relief doesn't hire Muslims. It only hires evangelical Christians.
The opponents of atheism often accuse us of believing that no religion has ever done any good for anyone – a position that's obviously absurd and is held by no atheist that I know of. (Even Christopher Hitchens, atheist firebrand extraordinaire, says only that there's no good which a religious person could do but an atheist couldn't do.) The argument that atheists actually make is twofold. First, we assert that churches and religious groups' charitable work comes from the universal human sense of compassion, not from any specifically religious teaching. (This is most clearly shown by the fact that every religion, regardless of its beliefs, does work like this. Even Hamas builds schools, hospitals and orphanages.) Second, we assert that in spite of this, the religious beliefs of those groups often hamper their efforts by causing them to accomplish less good than they otherwise could have – even worsening the very problems they're trying to solve.
The clearest example is Roman Catholicism: the church does social work that helps the poor and AIDS victims in Africa and Asia, but by their hard-line opposition to condoms, they're making the problem worse by ensuring that there will be more poor people and more AIDS sufferers. A similar case is that of abstinence-only sex education. I don't doubt that the Christian evangelicals who support these programs genuinely want to reduce teen pregnancy and STDs. The problem is that their approach has been shown to be not nearly as effective as comprehensive programs that teach about contraception.
So too with World Relief. The problem isn't that they do no good at all, but that they artificially and arbitrarily limit the good they do by turning away perfectly qualified candidates just because they don't hold the right beliefs. And because atheism, as a movement, is relatively new and unorganized, we don't yet have the infrastructure to offer an alternative path to people who are rejected by religious charities that refuse to hire nonbelievers.
The major churches have been been running social programs for decades, have local branches all over the world, and have support from governments and wealthy, well-connected donors. They have a head start on us. We're working to organize and to catch up, but this takes time – and since they won't work with us or hire us in the meantime, it's more difficult to get our own efforts off the ground. This makes any straightforward comparison, of the “atheists don't do as much charitable work as religious people” sort, misguided and ignorant. (Another thought: How many current employees of World Relief are not evangelicals, but are afraid to disclose their beliefs lest they lose their jobs?)
One more point to highlight: according to AU, World Relief gets up to seventy percent of its funding from the U.S. government. That's your tax dollars and mine, American readers, going to underwrite jobs that we can never be hired for because we don't believe the right dogmas. This glaring constitutional violation would be excellent grounds for a lawsuit, if the right-leaning Supreme Court hadn't slammed the door in our faces by ruling that, due to legal technicalities about who exactly is spending the money, freethinkers have no power to compel the government to respect the First Amendment. We're at a double disadvantage: the government can take our money, use it to fund prejudiced, proselytizing religious charities without our consent, and then to cap it off, arrogant religious apologists demand to know why we aren't accomplishing as much good as those charities!
There's a keystone to understanding the story from David Johnston (who frequently regurgitates highly motivated leaks) and Mark Mazzetti (CIA's guy at NYT) on Dusty Foggo's role in setting up the black sites run by the CIA: Foggo's testimony in the torture tape investigation. Early this year, remember, DOJ and CIA told the ACLU that they couldn't FOIA information pertaining to the disappearing torture tapes because John Durham's investigation of their destruction was ongoing and would be for perhaps two more months.
And then, just as Dusty Foggo was about to go to jail, John Durham said he needed to interview Foggo. And since then, as far as we know, Durham's investigation continues, now four months beyond when he thought he'd finish up. As recently as a month or so ago, Durham was flying people back from remote locations to appear before the grand jury. While we can't be sure, it does seem likely that Foggo's testimony provided new information that has sustained it.
And, thanks to Johnston and Mazzetti, we now know why Foggo would have something pertinent to say about the torture tapes–because he was the guy who set up the black sites.
In March 2003, two C.I.A. officials surprised Kyle D. Foggo, then the chief of the agency's main European supply base, with an unusual request. They wanted his help to build secret prisons to hold some of the world's most threatening terrorists. [snip] “It was too sensitive to be handled by headquarters,” he said in an interview. “I was proud to help my nation.” With that, Mr. Foggo went on to oversee construction of three detention centers, each built to house about a half-dozen detainees, according to former intelligence officials and others briefed on the matter. [snip] Early in the fight against Al Qaeda, agency officials relied heavily on American allies to help detain people suspected of terrorism in makeshift facilities in countries like Thailand. But by the time two C.I.A. officials met with Mr. Foggo in 2003, that arrangement was under threat, according to people briefed on the situation. In Thailand, for example, local officials were said to be growing uneasy about a black site outside Bangkok code-named Cat's Eye. (The agency would eventually change the code name for the Thai prison, fearing it would appear racially insensitive.) The C.I.A. wanted its own, more permanent detention centers.
So sometime after Abu Zubaydah and Rahim al-Nashiri were taped being tortured, after the taping was stopped, and almost precisely when Khalid Sheikh Mohammed was being waterboarded, "two CIA officials" (the detail is repeated twice in the story) came to Foggo and asked him to set up black sites around the world.
And, Foggo's helpfulness on this task appears to be one of the reasons why Foggo was promoted.
Mr. Foggo's success in Frankfurt, including his work on the prisons, won him a promotion back in Washington. In November 2004, he was named the C.I.A.'s executive director, in effect its day-to-day administrative chief.
Of note, Foggo was promoted at a time when Porter Goss was DCI and Jose Rodriguez (who was head of counter-terrorism when Foggo took on the task of setting up the black sites and therefore a superb candidate to be one of the two people who asked him to do so) was Deputy Director of Operations.
And then, in 2005–the same year that Jose Rodriguez would have the torture tapes destroyed and Porter Goss would unexplicably fail to stop him from doing so–Foggo went to the black sites with John Rizzo and others.
In 2005, before he came under investigation, Mr. Foggo and other officials, including John Rizzo, the agency's top lawyer, paid a rare visit to some of the prison sites, assuring C.I.A. employees that their activities were legal, according to former intelligence officials.
John Rizzo, btw, was pressuring others at CIA to make sure that Foggo's mistress kept a job as a CIA lawyer she was not doing competently.
So let's see:
2002: Torture tapes made 2003: Foggo recruited to set up black sites 2004: Foggo promoted unexplicably after some politicized firings 2005: Foggo and Rizzo and others visit the black sites to calm the host countries 2005: Dana Priest does a story exposing the black sites and, within days, the torture tapes are destroyed
It's all beginning to make some sense now.
Oh, and one more thing. In an affidavit submitted in support of Foggo's sentencing that would otherwise serve no purpose in the severity of Foggo's sentencing, Porter Goss claimed he didn't know that Foggo was an ethical and counterintelligence nightmare when he promoted him in 2004. But, Laura Rozen reported, that claim was an out and out lie.
A former US intelligence source thought that Brent "nine fingers" Bassett was the Goss staffer who recommended the hire of Foggo as ExDir. He said that Goss lied in his testimony, that he was not aware about the problems with Foggo when he hired him for executive director. He said that a major fight had broken out between Goss staffer Patrick Murray and then associate deputy director of operations Michael Sulick about the Foggo hiring. "Murray told ADDO/Counterintelligence Mary Margaret that if Dusty's background got out to the press, they would know who to come looking for. Mary Margaret tried to warn them that Dusty Foggo had a problematic counterintelligence file. Sulick defended Mary Margaret. Goss told [deputy director of operations Steve] Kappes he had to fire Sulick." After that, Kappes and Sulick quit. "Goss bears major responsibility here," the former intelligence official says. It was finally the "White House that demanded that Goss fire Dusty and he refused." So they both got fired. [my emphasis]
Oh boy. Things are getting clearer and clearer.
So Goss–installed at CIA to be Cheney's mole–fired the people who were trying to prevent him from promoting Foggo. The next year, Foggo was traveling with other high level CIA people to calm the torture site hosts. That same year, the torture tapes were destroyed. Then the following year, Foggo became a problem in the Cunningham aftermath. And Foggo and Goss got fired as a result. And, at the one time Goss had an opportunity to make a statement about his role in all this, he allegedly lied about knowing Foggo and all his problems (and, of course, all the skills that led people to ask him to set up the black sites in the first place).
Interesting. Very very interesting.
0 Death of man stunned while in custody ruled a homicide
SOUTH FULTON COUNTY, Ga. - Channel 2 investigative reporter Mark Winne has obtained new details about a death investigation involving a man stunned by a Taser while in police custody.
Records said he was handcuffed as he was repeatedly stunned and there are several other potentially explosive allegations.
An East Point Police lieutenant confirms two officers were still on administrative leave with pay as of early Tuesday afternoon in connection with Gregory Towns' death in April.
A Fulton County medical examiner's investigator confirmed the manner of death has been ruled a homicide.
“There are different titles with respect to homicide. There can be justified homicide,” said East Point Lt. Cliff Chandler.
A GBI report has now been turned over to Fulton County District Attorney Paul Howard and East Point Police Chief Woodrow Blue.
Related Headlines GBI investigating fatal officer-involved Taser shooting
According to Winne's source, a GBI investigation determined:
Towns are stunned by a Taser at least three times, even though he told East Point Police he was tired and asked them to let him catch his breath before standing up.
According to Winne's source, the report said Towns handcuffed at the time he was stunned each time and though he had earlier led police on a foot chase after a domestic incident, Towns was not resisting when he was stunned with the Taser.
Police officer statements indicate he was stunned because he would not stand up at the direction of officers – not because of any combativeness.
David Fife said he's handled a number of police brutality cases on both sides.
“If the allegations are true, certainly you have a situation where you would not expect the officers to have qualified immunity for these type acts,” he said.
Scarlet Key Society Honours Annual Award Recipients
On Thursday, the Faculty Club housed the annual pinning ceremony for the recipients of the prestigious Scarlet Key. This year's honorees included students from all faculties as well as alumni who have demonstrated an exceptional ability to integrate student leadership into their academic experience. Each recipient was recognized for their excellence in student leadership and was officially invited to join the esteemed alumni of past Key winners.
For the last 85 years, the Scarlet Key has promoted the concept that if “academics are the heart of the student experience, then extra-curriculars are the soul.” The selection process involved an application highlighting individual achievements. Then, the executive committee convened and decided which students would be bestowed the honour.
The ceremony began with a brief networking cocktail amongst alumni, recipients, and invited guests, which gave everyone the opportunity to discuss past and present accomplishments.
The welcoming remarks were given by Scarlet Key President Ryan Tomicic, SK '09. He addressed the guests by reflecting on his experiences at McGill and what distinguished the Scarlet Key from other awards. He stated, “the Society seeks to bring student leaders closer together and to provide them with the means to continue their service to McGill and the community.”
Afterwards, Scarlet Key Vice President Carter Li, SK '11, presented the recipients with their pins with the help of Principal Heather Monroe-Blum. All 24 were acknowledged for their individual work and the spirit they brought to the community during their time at McGill. Those pinned included students active in journalism including Dan Novick, Executive Editor of The Bull & Bear, Elisa Muyl, Editor-in-Chief of the McGill Tribune, Jennifer Kern, President of TVM, Trip Yang, creator of McGill State of Mind, as well as many others whose achievements are exemplar.
This year, along with the 24 honored, an honourary Scarlet Key was awarded to Heather Monroe-Blum by Richard Pound, BCom '62, BCL, '67, LLD '09.
Monroe-Blum exclaimed the honour she felt receiving the pin and said that she “finds [herself] amongst such a distinguished group.” As she concludes her final semester as Principal and Vice-Chancellor, she remarked on this being a wonderful way to bring her tenure to a close.
The ceremony concluded with final remarks by Tomicic. He thanked all the guests for their effort in making the soiree a success. He left those in attendance with the message, “receiving the award is not an end itself.”
This year's recipients:
Akshay Rajaram – Bachelor of Science 2012
Akshay served as Executive Administrator, Vice President of External Affairs, and President of the SUS. As President, he oversaw the hosting of the inaugural McGill Science Olympiad and spearheaded the creation of the McGill Science 21st Century Scholarship and Ambassador funds.
Alexandra Mohsen – Bachelor of Commerce 2011
Mohsen served as MUS VP External from 2009-2010, where she strengthened relationships with other universities and was a key player for McGill at most inter-university competitions. She was recognized for her contribution by winning the RÉFAEC Leadership Award, the MUS President's Cup Award and earning a nomination for the Canadian Association of Business School's Leadership Award.
Dan Novick – Bachelor of Arts May 2013
Dan Novick transitioned The Bull & Bear, McGill's student newsmagazine, from a primarily Management-based newspaper to a campus-wide magazine during his year and a half and counting with the publication. Under Novick's leadership as Executive Editor, in a period of just three months, online readership doubled and the magazine was saved from being defunded by the MUS through the procurement of advertising revenue.“Being a part of The Bull & Bear‘s exponential growth in my year and a half with the publication has been one of the most challenging yet rewarding experiences of my life,” said Novick. “The campus-wide transition wouldn't have been possible without people like David Lin, JD Moirez, and Jessica Simmonds. So, I accept this award on behalf of them as well.”
Elisa Muyl – Bachelor of Arts Jan 2014
Elisa's biggest contribution to this community has been her four years of dedication, exceptional leadership, and vision at the McGill Tribune. As Editor-in-Chief, Elisa has transformed the way in which the Tribune operates fundamentally in terms of its long-term direction, administrative operation, content, and public relations. “I think it's important to recognize extracurricular achievements at a large and impersonal school at McGill, and particularly those that seek to foster community and engagement on campus,” said Muyl. “I'm pretty honored to have been considered and to be ranked alongside some truly impressive people.”
Elizabeth Cawley – PhD 2015
Elizabeth was instrumental in the founding of the PGSA, a council dedicated to fostering a community for graduate students spread across numerous research institutes. While serving as the president of the PGSA, Elizabeth engaged her peers through numerous initiatives, including the development a student run newsletter, social events, mentoring opportunities and peer support.
Finola Hackett – Bachelor of Arts & Science Dec 2013
In her three years at McGill, Finola has been instrumental to the growth of both the Bachelor of Arts & Science Integrative Council (BASiC) and the Montreal Heart of the City Piano Program (HCPP). As the co-chair of BASiC's Freshman Arts & Science Committee in 2011-2012, Finola initiated a BASiC buddies program, which paired up freshmen with upper-year Arts & Science Students.
Gabrielle Poitras – Bachelor of Arts 2012
Under Gabrielle's tenure as VP External and President of the Canadian Studies Association of Undergraduate Students, she was a founding member and editor of the interdisciplinary journal Canadian Content. As Vice President of the Redpath Museum Club, she redesigned the schedule system for tour guides and helped found, develop and edit the first RMC journal, Behind the Roddick Gates. Gabrielle also served as Valedictorian of her graduating class of 2012.
Gillian Massel – Bachelor of Arts 2013
Gillian Massel established and developed a Recreational water polo program at McGill. In January 2013, Gillian coached McGill Water Polo to its first provincial victory ever at the Ligue Quebec Water-Polo Senior (LQWS) invitational CAEM tournament. In addition, Gillian strengthened intra-departmental relations as the president of The Department of English Students' Association (DESA).
Graham Spalwski – BCL/LLB December 2013
As President of the Law Students' Association, Graham introduced governance reforms to increase transparency. These included a process to incorporate members' input in the budgeting process, as well as a redesign of the office of Chief Returning Officer and the election and referendum campaign process.
Jason Gencher – Bachelor of Music May 2013
Jason worked as a Band Manager and Librarian for four years straight with three McGill Jazz Ensembles and wrote periodic columns for the McGill Office for Science and Society's website. Jason participated in various clubs such as Pearson House, the Freethought Association, the Ski Club, the P.G Wodehouse Appreciation Society, and Medical Direction's MedCasts.
Jason Karmody – Bachelor of Arts May 2013
As VP Events for the Arts Undergraduate Society, Jason created The DepARTmental Cup as well as De-Stress AUS. As President for the Student Organization for Alumni Relations (SOAR), Jason has been involved over the past five years in promoting alumni-student connections. As Vice-President External, he organized the Trading Places admin-student role swap with the Dean of Arts and McGill's Chief Innovations Officer.
Jennifer Kern - Bachelor of Arts May 2013
Jennifer captained the McGill Women's Tennis Team to Regional Finalists in 2011, Regional Champions in 2012, and National Competitors in August 2013. As President of TVM: Student Television at McGill, Jennifer has been instrumental in enhancing student production at McGill by developing a student media production fund, campus media collective, and media production training.
Josh Bovard - Bachelor of Science 2012
Throughout Josh's four years at McGill, he worked with residence councils, organized MUS and SUS events, and devoted his time to a myriad of campus initiatives. He served as President of McGill Students for Right To Play from 2010-12, restructuring the club, pioneering new events and programs, and expanding its scope to reach all corners of the McGill community.
Kady Paterson – Bachelor of Education 2014
Kady's commitment as President of the Education Undergraduate Society has seen involvement in EdUS and Faculty events skyrocket over the last year through running the EdUS' first independent and fiscally stable Orientation Week, creating a new mentorship program for first-year students, reforming the EdUS Constitution,, and creating many new EdUS committees to ensure the continued expansion and growth of the EdUS.
Kerry Blake Savery - Bachelor of Science May 2013
In the past two years as President of the Macdonald Campus Students' Society, Kerry has lead, overseen, and coordinated student relations with both Administration and Student Council. Kerry is also on the Founder's Day Committee, Faculty Planning Committee, Principal's Awards Committee, Library Committee, Sustainability Projects Fund Committee, Macdonald Food and Dining Services Committee as well as the Campus Community Committee that work with alumni and organize special events.
Lorna Sampson – BA 2010, MA 2013 May 2013
As a varsity athlete, team captain and manager of the McGill Rowing Team, Lorna planned, organized and executed fundraising efforts, team travel and logistics, enabling the team to represent McGill and medal both nationally and internationally. She added new events to SSMU's Student's Society Network Program (SSPN), coordinated SSMU Frosh, and sat on the SSMU Council as a Clubs and Services representative.
Mike Ross – MBA 2011
Mike has created, designed and given numerous classes and workshops to MBAs, undergraduate and graduate students from all faculties and to the wider McGill community. These lectures have provided directly applicable skill-building tools and included two classes that now form an integral part of the official MBA and part-time MBA programs. Mike also founded the MBA Squash Club, the biggest club in the program, bringing all members of the community together in a healthy and fun environment.
Nadia Houri – BSc 2005, MSc 2007, PhD May 2014
Nadia Houri is President of the McGill Association of Continuing Education Students (MACES). Accomplishments during her tenure include: a renewed commitment to the School of Continuing Studies' scholarship and bursaries fund, a free counselling service to help To continue Studies students, and re- instating the MACES Council, an oversight body composed of 11 Continuing Studies students.
Nicole Millward - Bachelor of Science May 2013
As a founding executive and two-year president of MEDLIFE McGill, Nicole Millward lifted her club out of obscurity to become one of the most important charity organizations on campus. During her tenure, MEDLIFE McGill grew from a small group of friends to a campus-wide organization that involves hundreds of students and facilitates the provision of aid to thousands of low-income Latin Americans every year.
Sandra Aigbinode – BCL/LLB December 2014
Over the past two years, Sandra has served as the Class President for first year students and now second year students. She was on the 2012 Orientation Executive Committee and oversaw big faculty traditional events including the Dean's Welcome Ball. Sandra also advocates on behalf of her peers on various faculty advisory boards and established the Journal of Dispute Resolution and the Mediation at McGill Club.
Sebastien Guillot – PhD Physics December 2014
Sebastien served as President of the McGill Graduate Association of Physics Students (MGAPS) during the academic years 2010-11 and 2011-12. He also collaborated in some of the activities of the Centre de Recherche en Astrophysique du Québec, through his participation in the scientific council of the research centre, and by organizing a student workshop in 2009. In 2011, his leadership and academic excellence were rewarded by the Vanier Canada Graduate Scholarship.
Simon Zhu – Bachelor of Engineering May 2013
Simon Zhu is a U4 Electrical Engineering student who has been involved in engineering student life since his first semester, beginning with U1 class representative, to VP Internal of the Electrical, Computer, and Software Engineering Student Society (ECSESS), then President of ECSESS and is currently serving as the President of the Engineering Undergraduate Society (EUS).
Trip Yang - Bachelor of Arts & Science 2011
Trip led the video production of “McGill State of Mind,” which featured sophisticated teamwork between 300 participants, 40 student groups and 8 McGill offices. It made breakthroughs in its campus wide scale and is the most viewed student production on YouTube. Trip also served as the first President of Computer Taskforce to introduce recyclable printing paper as part of the group's inaugural sustainability initiative.
Victoria Saigle - Bachelor of Arts & Science May 2013
In addition to being a member of McGill's Novice Rowing team in her first year, being elected as Blood Drive Coordinator for the Science Undergraduate Society and being a volunteer for McGill's First-Year Office, Victoria has worked tirelessly as Co-President of the Student Association of Cognitive Science to unify the students in this department and to promote Cognitive Science within the McGill community.
When the Fenix legacy returns this October in Gears of War 4, Microsoft will welcome it in style.
The company's first widely available custom Xbox One S — the console redesign announced at E3 — draws on Gears 4 for inspiration. Its blood-red exterior is scored by faux claw marks, a nod to the upcoming game's new Swarm menace.
The limited edition Gears of War 4 Xbox One S sports a 2TB hard drive and a custom "Crimson Omen" controller that borrows the console's color scheme.
The controller features the same distinctive claw marks as the console along with other nifty flourishes, such as a bloody thumbprint splashed across the D-pad. It will also be sold separately.
The claw marks were added using a laser-etching process that cut into the plastic casing deep enough to ignite a fire. You can see that process in action below.
On the digital goods side, the console bundle includes a download code for Gears of War 4: Ultimate Edition (for XB1 and Windows 10), early access to the game on Oct. 7, Gears 4 weapon and character skins, a multiplayer lobby emblem and six "Gear" packs containing in-game items.
Microsoft will also be releasing a second Gears 4-themed controller, also priced at $74.99, as a GameStop and Microsoft Store exclusive. This one features a grey-and-blue color scheme based on the armor worn by protagonist J.D. Fenix, the son longtime Gears hero Marcus Fenix.
Both controllers sport the same enhancements that Microsoft revealed at E3 2016 in June, including a newly textured grip, Bluetooth support and increased wireless range.
The two sold-separately controller packages also include some Gears-specific digital goods to justify the premium $74.99 pricing. You'll get a multiplayer lobby emblem and three "Gear" packs. It's not yet clear what these packs will contain, but it'll likely be cosmetic enhancements for the game's online modes.
Check out the custom 'Gears of Wars 4' Xbox One S and controllers
Rod Fergusson, studio head at Gears 4 developer The Coalition, shared his thoughts on the custom console's design and it's connection to the new game's fiction with Mashable.
When we started the design process for the console, we talked about what would be its origin story. One thought was to make it look as if it was part of the game world, that it could literally be an object that you would find in a game level on Sera. That didn't seem all that interesting to me or Monique on our Design Team, so instead we talked about how the console could be inspired by Gears of War 4 themes and colors. We focus more on what we might have had to use to survive in that world. We talked a lot about the theme of “reclaimed beauty” in the world and the impact the brutal Swarm were having on it. The laser etched scratches (the deepest they've ever done on a console) represents using the console as a shield blocking Swarm attacks. The directional multilayered bloody splatter printing represents using it as a weapon and smashing it's corner down on a monster's head. This is more than a console, this is what you need to survive the Swarm!
The previous Xbox 360 custom Gears console and controller was red and we wanted to continue that tradition. Obviously red is the color of blood (something you see a lot of in Gears) and for us it's also the color of the Swarm. So naturally as we did more with red we also wanted to make sure there were lots of references to The Swarm and blood. Whether it's laser etched claw marks on the console or the bloody fingerprints on the custom Elite controller.
At its core, Gears of War 4 is a co-op game and so it made a lot of sense to create a second controller. With so much of our hardware bundle Swarm themed, we decided to create a controller around the theme of our Coalition heroes. We focused on the iconic chest plates of the Gears, and their blue lights, blue paint and center chest logo – especially JD Fenix's new armor. So now you and your friend can each grab a controller – one Swarm-themed and one Coalition-themed and jump into Gears 4 to see if you can survive a night together with the monstrous new Swarm.
Pre-orders for the console bundle are up now and pre-orders for the controllers open on Aug. 1, with the bundle priced at $449.99 and controllers selling individually for $74.99. Orders will start shipping in mid-September.
Have something to add to this story? Share it in the comments.
Omar Mateen Gay Rendezvous Evidence Captured On Hotel Security Cameras
Omar Mateen -- Gay Rendezvous Evidence Captured On Hotel Security Cameras
EXCLUSIVE
Portions of Omar Mateen's alleged hookup with at least one gay man were captured on surveillance cameras at an Orlando hotel ... TMZ has learned.
Sources at the Ambassador Hotel tell TMZ, Mateen was seen on camera footage recorded December 14, 2015 around 11 PM. We're told the video bolsters the claims of the heavily disguised man who told Univision he met up with Mateen 15-20 times at the hotel between November and December.
Our sources say the video shows Mateen walk to the front desk, speak to a staffer and then walk around a corner toward the room where the anonymous man says he was staying during their rendezvous.
We're told management showed the video to staffers and asked if anyone recalled seeing Mateen. The only person who noticed him is a guy who works the night shift.
We're told the FBI went to the Ambassador Tuesday night and took a copy of the surveillance footage.
The Bureau wouldn't confirm, but the video could go a long way to figuring out if Mateen attacked a gay club as part of a twisted revenge plot.
^^ Craft Information - Launch Ascent Failure ^^
The R&D labs have completed the design for our docking ports, which will allow two spacecraft to mate in orbit for exchange of resources and/or personnel. For the initial test of these docking ports, due mainly to the current small size of our astronaut corps, only one of the craft will be under kerbed control, with the other being flown into position remotely. This is the remote craft that will go into orbit first and wait for the kerbed mission to come up for docking trials. This is the second attempt at placing the docking probe into orbit after the first one failed to ascend due to a m-km conversion error in the guidance code back in December of 2014.
Once again, the craft has failed to achieve orbit, this time although it made it into space it was almost 100m/s short of the δv required to complete its insertion into orbit. It returned to Kerbin and splashed down off the coast. An investigation is underway to determine why there was a shortfall in available δv
Regarding lack of launch data: telemetry was collected and saved, and will be provided retroactively in the future when we complete our new flight tracker feature that allows for real-time streaming of launch data
E3 2017 kicks off on Saturday, June 10 at the Los Angeles Convention Center, California, and Microsoft will be there to take the wraps off the latest Xbox announcements and future games.
If you can't be there yourself, don't worry, as the Xbox E3 briefing will be streamed live as always, but for the first time Microsoft will be broadcasting it in 4K and there are numerous ways for you to tune in.
If your monitor or TV is 4K capable, you'll be able watch the briefing on the official Xbox Mixer Channel or on the Mixer app for Xbox One. In addition, you'll be able to catch a live stream on the Xbox Twitch Channel, YouTube, Twitter, and Facebook Live.
The briefing will also be available for cable and satellite subscribers in the US and Canada to watch via Fuse.
The E3 Xbox briefing starts at 2pm PDT/5pm EDT/10pm BST on Sunday, June 11.
Xbox Daily: Live @ E3, Microsoft's live news show, returns this year also and will air on the following dates:
Monday, June 12, from 3pm to 4pm PDT
Tuesday, June 13, from 1pm to 4pm PDT
Wednesday, June 14, from 1pm to 4pm PDT
Thursday, June 15, from 10am to 4pm PDT
The best way to watch the show is on the official Xbox Mixer channel (via the web, your Windows 10 PC, mobile device, or console).
What are you hoping to see unveiled at the show?
He worked for a place called Challenge. One of the services that were offered by Challenge in which Mr Nojin was employed was secure document destruction. It is not the kind of business that is limited to disability enterprises but a business of the kind that you see generally in the office world. There were some other services that the enterprise offered but they were often on a fairly small scale.
Mr Nojin was asked to do a number of tests and tasks when he arrived there that corresponded with some of the work that he did. He was asked to collate pamphlets, which involved inserting fliers into
pamphlets; pen assembly, which involved fitting a ballpoint ink insert into a wooden pen casing; and feeding one crate of pre-sorted documents through a mechanical shredder. The court ultimately said — and I will come to the court case in a moment — that these tasks were simple and repetitive and involved no element of decision making.
There was no need to apply abstract concepts to the work that was being done and, in each case, the work involved simple physical manipulation of limited items. Mr Prior, the other worker who is the reason that we have this bill, is someone who is classified as legally blind, although he did have some vision. He was also classified as having a mild to moderate intellectual disability.
He worked for a different enterprise and, at the time of his first assessment under the test— the assessment tool that is the subject of this bill and the subject of the court cases—his time was split evenly between mowing lawns and some other general gardening tasks. At the time of his second assessment, 90 per cent of his time was actually spent mowing lawns. He was a blind worker, with a mild intellectual disability, who was mowing lawns.
The other 10 per cent of his time was spent raking and disposing of leaves, and he worked under direct supervision. When he went to work, they timed him and assessed how good he was at doing this work. It was found that he took 14 minutes to mow a five by 10 metre area of lawn and his supervisor took nine minutes to mow a similar area—so he took longer but it was not even twice as long as his supervisor. Again, you can look at the tasks that he was performing and, like Mr Nojin in the document centre, you can see that they were relatively simple and straightforward tasks that they were required to perform.
Then came the question of how much to pay these two workers, one of whom was mowing lawns and the other of whom was working collating documents and shredding documents and the like. This is when the enterprises applied what is called the BSWAT, Business Services Wage Assessment Tool, which is the subject of this legislation. When the enterprises put them through that assessment and applied that tool, they asked them questions that bore no relevance to the work that Mr Nojin and Mr Prior were doing, but it had a huge impact on them. When they were asked some of the questions—and I will give examples of some of them in a minute—these two intellectually disabled workers scored low; in fact, for some of the tests they scored zero.
As a result, their pay was substantially cut. Mr Nojin, for example, was assessed as competent for everything, except when they asked him questions like 'What workplace meetings do you attend, and what are these meetings for?' I think this is something that everyone who works in an office anywhere in Australia probably asks themselves a lot of the time, but they asked him and he could not give an acceptable answer and so he scored zero on the test for that part.
They asked him questions like, 'What are some other jobs that people do here?' Again, it was not very evident that it related in any way to the work that he was doing. He could not answer it, so he scored zero. Mr Prior was also asked questions which he found difficult to answer because of his intellectual disability
and which were not related to the mowing of lawns that he was doing.
For example, they asked him, 'How can you help others at work?' He replied that he would try not to get involved—and apparently that was not a good answer and so he was marked down. As a result of going through these tests and scoring zero for a number of things that were not related to the work that he was doing, Mr Nojin ended up being paid $1.85 an hour for doing work for an enterprise that he, by all accounts, including the account of his supervisor, was doing very, very well. It was just that when this tool was applied to him and he scored zero on a number of things, he lost money. It was the same with the other worker. As a result, they very, very bravely took the matter to court.
They took the matter to court believing that they were productive workers who were being massively underpaid, courtesy of a tool that the government had in fact approved. They argued that it was unfair and discriminatory, because someone who had an intellectual disability was never going to do well on that test and was always going to lose money, even though they could do the job very, very well.
In fact, Mr Prior, the lawn mower, at the time of the case going to trial had left that job and was working at Stawell Drycleaners, earning five times the wage that he had previously been earning. The Full Court of the Federal Court said to these two workers, 'You are right. This tool discriminates against you and this system that we have in place does not allow for you as workers with a disability to be paid properly in accordance with your productivity. In fact, by definition, especially if you are a worker with an intellectual disability, you will end up being worse off.' So they won. They were two courageous employees with a disability who took on the system and won. The Full Court of the Federal Court said, 'Yes, you're right. You deserve to be paid more.'
It takes a lot of guts to stand up and be the first ones to go through a legal challenge, but they did it. They did it not just for themselves but also for all those other tens of thousands of workers with a disability who also feel that they are being underpaid at the moment. Those workers have begun a class action to say, 'Just as Mr Nojin and Mr Prior got their just entitlements by going through the courts, so too are we entitled to do that.' This class action, for up to 10,000 workers, is underway.
It is because of that class action that we are seeing this bill. It is because the government now realises that, if Mr Nojin and Mr Prior were successful and were entitled to the basic principle of being paid in accordance with how good your work is, perhaps all of these other workers are as well. So, in what is nothing more than an attempt to derail this class action and disadvantage up to 10,000 workers with a disability in this country who are hoping for justice, the government has brought in this bill. The solicitor representing these employees with a disability calls this an abuse of power —and she is right.
She says that it will mean that those up to 10,000 workers who have a disability are likely, if they are successful in their claim, to have their compensation and their payments, the wages for their productive work, cut by about half. In other words, this bill is being brought in to head off a class action being brought by up to 10,000 workers with a disability.
In that respect, I am not surprised to see the government take action to ensure that the most vulnerable of workers do not get what they are legally entitled to, like Mr Nojin and Mr Prior did, but I must say I am surprised that Labor is supporting them. I am surprised that Labor is supporting the derailing of a class action being brought on behalf of up to 10,000 employees with a disability. I hear some hope in the comments from the Labor speakers that this matter will go to a Senate inquiry and they will look at it.
If, when this goes to the Senate, given that Labor and Liberal are going to vote it through here, the Senate inquiry does not change their minds, at a minimum Labor should look at how to protect those 10,000 workers who currently have a class action on foot. Otherwise, Labor will be responsible for saying to those 10,000 workers, 'You are not entitled to the same justice and victory that Mr Nojin and Mr Prior got.' Labor will be saying to them, 'While those two got through the gate early and, my goodness, a court said they were being underpaid and as workers with a disability they should be entitled to payment in accordance with how they contribute to the workplace, no, we agree with the government that you don't have the right to your day in court and that you should be forced into a humiliating settlement of about half of what you otherwise might have been entitled to.'
It appears to be the case that, unfortunately, this bill will get through this House, but I am not without hope that the process of the Senate inquiry, and perhaps a moment's reflection, will lead the opposition to understand that this is an unnecessary kick in the guts for up to 10,000 workers with a disability, at a minimum, let alone what it is going to mean for all of those who come afterwards.
Everyone in this chamber and in the other place would agree, without a shadow of a doubt, that we need a system at work that encourages employees with a disability to get into work and stay in work. I think that would be universally shared amongst everyone.
The question is: in this instance, with this bill, how much do you pay them? Do you pay them in accordance with their productive capacity and what they can contribute to a workplace? Do you say, 'How do you stack up compared with a worker who does not have a disability? Or do you say, 'We'll apply a test that allows you to be paid much, much less if you have an intellectual disability'?
That is what this bill is trying to get around. It is trying to erase the significance of Mr Nojin and Mr Prior, who took courageous action to hold a government to account. They deserve to be applauded and supported by this parliament; so does everyone involved in the class action who is following in their footsteps on the basis of their significant decision.
I conclude by repeating: it comes as no surprise that the coalition wants to take away the rights of low-paid workers, but I urge the opposition to have a rethink before this bill passes the Senate and to choose to stand up for those workers who are currently seeking justice through the courts and seeking the same right that every one of us would ask for, which is, 'Pay me according to the worth of the work that I do, not who you think I am.'
Is iPhone owners more willing to pay for applications than Android owners? Or are Android developers just more interested in giving away their apps?
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Advertisement
Something's going on with these two app markets which have completely different make ups, according to Royal Pingdom. Pingdom surveyed the App Store and the Android Market and discovered that only 30% of the apps in Apple's store are free, while 65% of the apps in the Android Market are free.
Why the disparity? Pingdom speculates that maybe more Google developers are just hobbyists or tinkers who can get their app in store because they don't have to deal with Apple's gatekeepers. Another important factor, Google only supports paid apps in 13 countries.
It's also much easier to install pirated software on Android phones than it is Apple phones. So perhaps this pushes down sales.
Advertisement
Maybe it's just cultural? Google gives away Android. Apple does not.
Mehdi Masroor Biswas, a 24-year-old Bangalore engineer held for allegedly running @shamiwitness- a pro-ISIS Twitter handle- was "a source of incitement and information for new recruits," police said on Saturday.
"Investigation shows that this person was interested in radical Islamic thinking," Bangalore Police Commissioner M.N. Reddi told reporters at a press conference.
Channel 4, a UK-based news channel, had claimed that Biswas was running @shamiwitness even as he worked for a MNC in Bengaluru.
"His tweets, written under the name Shami Witness, were seen two million times each month, making him perhaps the most influential Islamic State Twitter account, with over 17,700 followers," the British broadcaster said.
Bengaluru Police arrest Mehdi Masroor Biswas owner of ShamiWitness twitter handle pic.twitter.com/mLjxvOudFY &; Abhishek Goyal (@goyal_abhei) December 13, 2014
Police said Biswas was mainly translating Arabic tweets into English for @shamiwitness.
He also used to help ISIS recruits with the account and gave them information, Reddi said.
Biswas was particularly close to English-speaking ISIS militants, Reddi said.
The accused has been arrested under several provisions of IPC, Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act and IT Act.
Reddi said the accused has confessed that he was operating that account for many years.
The account was shut down after the report surfaced.
However, in an interview to a newspaper before his arrest, Biswas had denied running @shamiwitness.
Biswas is a native of West Bengal.
Police said Biswas was working for the MNC since 2012 and was drawing a salary of Rs 5.3 lakh per annum.
Besides police, Intelligence Bureau (IB), Research and Analysis Wing (RAW) and National Investigation Agency (NIA) are also probing the case.
It has been a challenging week for Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erogan. International attention has been focused on the testimony of Turkish-Iranian gold trader Reza Zarrab in an Iranian sanctions-evasion case allegedly involving former ministers in the president's government.
Back in Turkey, Erdoğan is facing a claim from the country's main opposition party that it has documents proving that individuals within the president's inner circle made millions of dollars of offshore bank transactions to a British tax haven.
On Friday, the spokesperson for the Republican People's Party (CHP), Bulent Tezcan, held a news conference at the Turkish parliament, where he laid out his party's allegations against Erdoğan and his inner circle.
Tezcan showed off documents to the assembled press, saying that they were bank receipts detailing a total of $15 million (€12.6 million) in transactions between Bellway Limited, a company established in August 2011 in the British Crown dependency of the Isle of Man, and Erdoğan's close circle.
The British Isle has low-tax policies and is often described as a tax haven.
The allegedly involved individuals include some of the president's closest relatives: his son, Ahmet Burak Erdoğan; his brother, Mustafa Erdoğan; his brother-in-law, Ziya Ulgen; and the father-in-law of Ahmet Burak Erdoğan, Osman Ketenci. Erdoğan's former principal clerk Mustafa Gundogan was also allegedly involved.
Tezcan also distributed copies of the supposed original bank and SWIFT receipts to members of the press.
The veracity of the documents has yet to be verified. The CHP did not respond to a request for information from Deutsche Welle.
Tezcan is the spokesperson for the largest opposition party in the Turkish parliament
Company with £1 capital
The first bank-transfer accusations against Erdoğan's family came from CHP head, Kemal Kilicdaroglu, on Tuesday during an address to party members at the parliament.
According to the CHP, the Bellway company was founded with only £1 capital ($1.14, $1.35) by a Turkish citizen named Sidki Ayan and was soon after transferred to another Turkish citizen named Kazim Oztas, still with the same amount of money.
As Tezcan alleged, the company made transactions worth $15 million in the span of only under 20 days around one month after the new owner took over.
Source of the money
While the alleged bank receipts Tezcan showed to the press showed total transaction value, the main question in Turkey revolves around the source of the money and the direction of the money flow.
Kilicdaroglu previously had said that money had been transferred into the Bellway company, but at the conference on Friday, Tezcan asked aloud how the Bellway company could have paid millions of dollars after having begun with capital of just £1.
"Two things come to one's mind: money laundering or tax evasion,” Tezcan said.
Kilicdaroglu first claimed bank transfer proof on earlier this week. Erdoğan has called him a liar and denied all claims.
The CHP spokesperson promised to hand over the alleged bank documents to the prosecutor. Ankara's Chief Public Prosecutor's Office had launched an investigation into the CHP accusations on Thursday.
The CHP has said that the issue is ethical and not criminal.
Read more: Offshore: the legal and the not so legal
Also on Thursday, the Turkish parliament rejected a motion put forth by the CHP calling for the body to further investigate the claims. The CHP is the main opposition party in the Turkish parliament, where Erdoğan's Justice and Development Party (AKP) holds a majority.
'Not a cent'
Erdoğan has denied the CHP's claims, stating that "not a cent" was sent abroad. He also called on Kilicdaroglu to prove the allegations. Speaking at an event on Thursday, Erdoğan said that Kilicdaroglu would "pay the price."
The president's lawyer has said that the documents CHP put forth were fake.
Erdoğan has said he would resign if the claims were proved true.
Erdoğan said that his acquaintances mentioned in CHP's allegations had sold a company and the money had been wired to them for that purpose. Erdoğan did not elaborate on the details of a company owned by the five people or when and how it was sold.
Since the allegations first surfaced, Erdoğan and his acquaintances have filed a lawsuit for moral indemnities against Kilicdaroglu worth 1.5 million Turkish lira ($383,000, €322,000).
Mahir Unal, the ruling AKP's spokesperson, said on Friday, that the issue would further be dealt with in court and not in the parliament.
Catrin Nye looks at the lengths people are going to in order to get their relatives into the UK.
This Asian Network Reports special meets the British Citizens moving to Europe to get their relatives into the UK and bypass the Government's immigration rules.
As UK rules on immigration get tougher, those wanting their family to come over from outside of the EEA are taking advantage of a rule that means if you go and work in Europe for a number of months, you can come back and, in simple terms, be treated under EU law not British law.
It is easier for Europeans to get their relatives into the UK because restrictions on things like language and earnings don't apply to them.
Reporter Catrin Nye speaks to the British citizens scattering themselves all over Europe in order to qualify for this migration route.
She asks - is it fair that Europeans can bring their relatives with ease but UK citizens can't? And are these people taking advantage of these rules as ignoring our Government's attempts to bring down immigration?
Presenter: Catrin Nye
Producer: Simon Hancock
Additional Research: Sanjana Deen.
© Provided by Washington Post
The bare essentials of the story of Rob Konrad's 16-hour survival last week in the Atlantic waters off Miami were arresting enough, but on Monday the former NFL player shared terrifying details, saying, “I shouldn't be here.”
Konrad, a former Miami Dolphins fullback, fell off his recreational boat while he was nine miles offshore. Twice, rescuers failed to see him while he battled jellyfish and a circling shark before washing up on shore. “I'm grateful and thankful to be here,” he said (via ESPN) during a news conference, with his wife Tammy by his side. Konrad was emotional and still bore physical signs of an ordeal that led to his hospitalization until Sunday.
Last Thursday, just an ordinary day, he had hopped on his boat to take it for servicing. Konrad, who put the boat on autopilot, had just cast a line at around 12:30 when a fish hit the line and the boat was struck by a big wave. Konrad quickly went overboard.
“At that point in time, after panicking, I realized I was in real trouble,'' he said. “I was miles out, the boat was on autopilot heading east to the Bahamas, I didn't have time to get out an SOS call. I knew I was in trouble.”
Konrad, 38, grew up in New England and was experienced on the water. He knew he had just a few hours before hypothermia set in. He began to swim, thinking of his wife and 8- and 10-year-old daughters.
“In the next 16 hours, I really had two opportunities for rescue,'' he said. “At one point, as I swam into the night , there was a fishing boat, a recreational fishing boat, about 50 yards away. I tried to flag down the boat. It didn't work out. A little bit later on, I saw the Coast Guard [helicopter]. They were out, searching the water. At that point in time, [they] came right over the top of me. They had lights on me, kept going. That was a difficult time.
“I realized at that point I was on my own.”
Eventually, he washed up ashore, 27 miles from the point at which he had gone into the water, at around 4:30 a.m. Friday.
“After some time I just said, ‘Look, I'm not dying tonight, I'm going to make it to shore ,'” he said. “It certainly tests your mind when you're in the water that long.”
How climate change is affecting the wine we drink
Posted
Family-owned winemaker Brown Brothers has been growing grapes in Victoria since the 1880s.
The company was founded by John Francis Brown, but established its reputation and success under his son John Charles Brown.
When John returned to Milawa in regional Victoria after finishing boarding school in 1958, he harvested his first vintage of grapes in the early days of April.
Fifty years later, the grapes are off the vines by April, with picking often starting in February. Within a generation, the harvest start date has shifted along with the climate in the valley.
It's a dramatic indication of how climate change is affecting the way we make wine in Australia.
"It's probably more apparent in terms of earlier ripening, more rapid ripening and more compact vintages," said Brett McClen, Brown Brothers' chief viticulturist, responsible for six vineyards in Victoria and Tasmania.
"We are working with shorter time frames. Once upon a time a vintage would have taken 100 days but we do the bulk of it within 60 days," he said.
This earlier and compressed vintage poses a real challenge right through the chain of production.
"It puts enormous pressure on the processing logistics, the winery infrastructure," said Mr McClen.
"You can only put a certain number of grapes through processing at a time. These days we do a lot of white varieties and they require refrigeration as well."
A condensed harvest means the clock is ticking for growers, who have to get the fruit off the vine before it is over-ripe. Riper fruit makes for higher alcohol wines, which is great if you're 18 and looking to get smashed, but hurts winemakers.
"Quality can be impacted by higher alcohol levels and it impacts export markets," explained Mr McClen.
"There is a consumer preference for lighter, lower alcohol wines. Some of the big overseas retailers actually don't want alcohol levels over a certain per cent."
As a response to the changing climate in Victoria, Brown Brothers have invested in vineyards in Tasmania. In 2010 they purchased land in Tamar Ridge and on the island's east coast.
According to Mr McClen, this was a response to both climate change and consumer interest in wines Tasmania excels at such as pinot noir.
While he sees a strong future for wine in Victoria, the Tasmanian investment is about adapting and risk mitigation.
"Brown Brothers is a multi-generational business," he said. "They are willing to take a 50-year approach to things."
Some in the Tasmanian wine industry, like Jeremy Dinnen, the head of Josef Chromy Wines in Relbia, near Launceston, see the upside to climate change.
"Climate change means Tasmania is becoming a pretty attractive place to grow grapes," said Mr Dinnen, who is also a Board of Wine Tasmania director.
"Given where we are, the impact will be not as great as the mainland. There are effects but they are milder.
"It also opens up opportunity for new parts of the island to grow that previously wouldn't have been suitable."
But even in Tasmania they are experiencing an earlier and more condensed harvest.
"Our latest harvest was the earliest on record, almost a week earlier than it was 20 years ago," said Mr Dinnen.
It's not just Australian wine growers that are affected by climate change. Production is taking a hit globally. The International Organisation of Vine and Wine found that 2016's estimated wine output will be down 5 per cent on 2015, the lowest level in 20 years.
El Niño is impacting Latin American growers, particularly in Chile and Argentina.
A 2014 study found that rising temperatures and sea levels could render traditional grape-growing areas unsuitable, with famous wine territories like the Napa Valley and Santa Barbara in California potentially losing up to 50 per cent of their acreage in the next 50 years.
It's possible that climate change was, in fact, responsible for record wine production over the last half century, especially countries like France, Italy, Spain and Australia, where warmer temperatures helped wine production and quality.
"Ten or 15 years ago you got to the peak of maximum production and we are now on the downward slide," said Dr Sigfredo Fuentes, a senior lecturer in wine science at the University of Melbourne and international coordinator of The Vineyard of The Future Initiative.
Dr Fuentes believes as these trends continue, the industry will have more bad vintages like 2011, which will undermine industry profits and damage brands.
"That was a terrible year, a really wet year. No one will buy wine from that year," he said.
According to Dr Fuentes, winemakers are surveying cooler climes, not only in Australia but globally.
"Britain is now producing good sparkling wine in the south. They haven't done that since Roman times," he said.
"Chilean winemakers are planting wines at the same latitude as New Zealand."
Despite all this, Dr Fuentes believes Australia is well prepared to offset some of the worst effects of climate change on the industry.
He has been using unmanned aerial vehicles to monitor vineyards, using remote sensing techniques to obtain crop information such as plant water status, canopy structure and vigour and plant nutritional status.
Liz Riley, an independent viticulturist who works with around 20 clients in NSW's Hunter Valley and Orange regions, also believes the Australian wine industry will be able to adapt to climate change.
"Every season you learn more, try more, and experiment more," she said.
"This has made farmers a lot more proactive. We are playing around with things like sun screens and various diverse risk management strategies.
"I'm encouraging my clients to try out different grapes. I'll get them to plant three vines of something, not a harvestable volume, just to see how it goes."
But if the Australian wine industry is to successfully adapt to climate change, the Australian wine consumer will have to change too.
"It's really hard to change the perspective and taste of the buyer," said Chelsea Joy Jarvis, a University of Melbourne doctoral student studying the impact of El Niño on grape growing seasons in Australia.
"In California, they have been trying to promote new wines for some time, yet consumers still opt for cabernet and chardonnay. You need a strong media push behind you, behind whatever variety you are trying to grow.
"The consumer needs to be educated about these new varieties. Currently, there are so many choices available that consumers experience decision fatigue."
Regardless of where Australian winemakers are growing — from the Hunter Valley to the Tamar Valley — climate change is making its presence felt. It's creating big challenges for an industry already dealing with so much, including a more competitive market here and overseas.
The excitement the Tasmanian industry might feel is outweighed by a greater concern that winemaking on the mainland will be harder and harder on growers and makers.
Winemakers are adapting, and consumers need to be open to changing their wine drinking habits. There is no doubt that higher temperatures will mean higher alcohol content, compressed vintages and higher risks for our winemakers.
Topics: viticulture, climate-change, agricultural-crops, rural, business-economics-and-finance, milawa-3678, vic, tas, australia, united-states, chile
The Suncor oil refinery upwind of Denver that recently belched pumpkin-colored gas and dust into the sky, worrying residents and prompting highway closures, released far more sulfur dioxide than previously known — 75,600 pounds, 150 times beyond a 24-hour limit that triggers an investigation, according to a company letter obtained Friday.
Suncor spokeswoman Lisha Burnett told reporters shortly after the Oct. 14 event that no sulfur dioxide had been detected near the refinery, but company officials later acknowledged the sulfur dioxide release had exceeded the daily limit of 500 pounds. The company and state officials say the release did not pose any health risks.
In a letter to Colorado and Adams County emergency management officials this week, the company said the release totaled 37.8 tons of excess sulfur dioxide from the Plant 1 main flare, the tail gas incinerator, Plant 2 main flare and Plant 3 main flare.
“There are no known or anticipated acute or chronic health risks associated with the release, and there is no need for persons to take any precautions or seek medical attention related to this release,” the company said in the letter.
The refinery has been under scrutiny by state regulators for years over air pollution problems and remains under investigation.
Colorado Department of Public Health and Environment officials say that because an Xcel Energy power outage triggered the refinery release, Suncor probably won't be penalized.
But the CDPHE is moving toward possible penalties for multiple previously identified deficiencies, including excessive sulfur dioxide and other gas emissions. The CDPHE in June notified Suncor it could face penalties of up to $15,000 a day for violations.
In addition, state regulators in 2015 ordered Suncor to fix other pollution problems detected in 2013 and 2014. And Suncor negotiated a deal to avoid admitting law violations in return for paying a $214,050 administrative penalty. Company officials said they have paid $46,785 to CDPHE, $3,975 to the U.S.Environmental Protection Agency and $171,240 to Groundwork Denver to conduct projects to improve the environment. State regulators have opened five cases against Suncor since 2013 for possible air-quality violations, according to CDPHE records.
And, in 2012, state regulators hit Suncor with a $2.2 million penalty for air quality violations related to benzene air pollution from the refinery.
Suncor officials this month declined to discuss refinery problems and their plans. A corporate spokesman asked for written queries, and on Thursday e-mailed prepared responses to The Denver Post.
“The refining industry in general is one of the most regulated industries in the country. As Colorado's only refinery, we understand the importance of our business to the Colorado economy and take that responsibility very seriously. This means running our facilities in a reliable manner that supports Colorado's energy needs, meets our regulatory requirements, continuously improves environmental performance, and minimizes impacts to the community. As we supply the energy needs of Colorado, we are committed to doing so in an environmentally responsible manner and to make changes to ensure our continuous improvement goal is achieved. Our Commerce City refinery has made a number of investments since 2003 to improve our environmental performance and comply with regulations, and we will continue to work with regulators and stakeholders to improve further in the future.”
An environmental watchdog group on Thursday called for a shutdown of the refinery.
“The Suncor refinery is old and in many respects outdated, which makes it more vulnerable to events like power outages,” said WildEarth Guardians climate and energy program director Jeremy Nichols. “It needs to be completely rebuilt or shut down.
“What appears to be happening is a pay-to-pollute scheme where Suncor violates, pays a nominal fine, but continues business as usual,” Nichols said.
“It is clear this plant is aging and unable to operate in compliance on a continual basis, which is what the law and public health requires. If it can't be fixed, it needs to be scrapped. … And we need to lean into a conversation about transitioning away from fossil fuels.”
The refinery sits just north of Denver in Commerce City at an 80-year-old industrial site.
“Suncor has generally been proactive in identifying issues and self-reporting any potential compliance issues that it identifies,” Colorado Air Pollution Control Division director Will Allison said in response to Denver Post queries.
“The division also anticipates it will enter into a compliance order with Suncor to address compliance issues identified in the division's 2015 inspection. Finally, we're still reviewing the reports Suncor recently submitted, but based on what we know so far, the October 14, 2016 events appear to be related to a power outage. We have no information to suggest these events were related to the age of the plant.”
Two weeks ago on Oct. 14, a refinery emissions stack spewed hydrocarbon-coated dust and gas — prompting road closures, a school lockdown and a warning to residents to remain indoors.
Suncor officials initially said no sulfur dioxide was detected in surrounding communities, perhaps implying none was released.
CDPHE air pollution control compliance and enforcement manager Shannon McMillan put it differently. “Suncor's sulfur-dioxide release that resulted from the malfunction — caused by a power outage — exceeded the limit of 500 pounds in 24 hours,” McMillan said.
State health officials later issued a statement saying Suncor's emissions didn't cause “a public health concern.” Allison said air quality monitors in the Denver area did not detect sulfur dioxide levels beyond a limit of 75 parts per billion.
Sulfur dioxide can hurt people and the environment. Short-term exposure can impair breathing, especially for children and people with asthma. Higher concentrations in air can worsen particulate air pollution, which penetrates lungs causing problems. And sulfur dioxide damages leaves, stunting growth of plants and trees.
“Once the investigation is completed, any violations that occurred are identified and next steps are determined. If any exceedences were due to the power outage and Suncor is determined to not be at fault, no formal enforcement is likely to occur,” McMillan said. “Suncor has provided estimates of sulfur dioxide emission rates during the event, but hasn't yet submitted an estimate of the total sulfur dioxide emissions for the duration of the event.”
Xcel spokesman Mark Stutz confirmed a power outage — lasting for seconds. This apparently triggered a refinery shutdown.
Canada-based Suncor in 2003 bought the refinery from Conoco Phillps in a $150 million deal. Suncor over the past 13 years has invested $1.6 billion in the plant.
Suncor officials said it would provide a key link between Suncor's huge oil sands resources in Canada and a growing U.S. energy market. Suncor produces up to 98,000 barrels a day of gasoline and diesel fuel, as well as jet fuel for Denver International Airport, and asphalt. About 20 percent of oil processed at the refinery is heavy Canadian crude from the Athabasca oil sands.
Domiciliary cockroaches are not only faithful to the shelter in which they rest and mate but also commonly engage in collective behaviour to localise and exploit resources in their home range. As observed in ants or honeybees, cockroaches make consensus decisions (sensu Conradt and Roper, 2005) whereby all or most individuals choose the same option among multiple alternatives when selecting shelters (Fig. 1b) or feeding sites (Fig. 1a).
In B. germanica and P. americana, consensus decisions occur during the selection of a new shelter—for instance, if the previous shelter is overcrowded or if food resources are locally depleted. An individual's decision to settle in a new place depends on the shelter's physical properties, such as darkness, size, height, temperature, or hygrometry (Canonge et al., 2009), as well as on the presence of conspecifics already resting in it (Amé et al., 2006; Canonge et al., 2011). Hence, groups of cockroaches given a choice between two or more identical shelters in a homogenous environment aggregate in one of the shelters selected at random (Jeanson et al., 2005). In both species, aggregation dynamics are driven by mutual inter-attraction mediated by short-range perception of cuticular hydrocarbons (Rivault et al., 1998; Saïd et al., 2005a; Sempo et al., 2006) and can be replicated in agent-based models implementing simple interactions between individuals (Jeanson et al., 2005; Amé et al., 2006; Jeanson and Deneubourg, 2007, Sempo et al., 2009). When an exploring cockroach perceives an occupied shelter, it switches from a search mode to joining and settling. The larger the group in this shelter, the higher the probability that the newcomer will join and stay. Based on this “retention effect” resting individuals exert on newcomers, an aggregate gradually develops, eventually leading to the selection of a unique shelter by the entire group.
Consensus decisions also occur in B. germanica during the selection of feeding sites (Lihoreau et al., 2010). As with shelter choice, an individual's decision to exploit a food source depends on its inherent properties, such as its nutritional value (Jones and Raubenheimer, 2001) or its distance from the shelter (Durier and Rivault, 2001), but also in the presence of conspecifics already feeding on it (Lihoreau et al., 2010; Lihoreau and Rivaut, 2011). Aggregation at food sources is based on a social facilitation process for feeding (Holbrook et al., 2000), so that cockroaches in large groups feed longer than those in small groups (Lihoreau et al., 2010). Socially foraging cockroaches feed on site but do not collect or retrieve food for other members of the group. Feeding aggregates are therefore transient phenomena that rapidly develop and erode as individuals become satiated (Lihoreau et al., 2010).
Interestingly, collective decisions in both contexts are self-organised phenomena relying on a similar positive feedback rule (i.e. retention effect) and potentially similar contact cues (i.e. cuticular hydrocarbons). These collective dynamics are density dependent and a decision is taken only when a critical size (i.e. quorum) is reached (Sempo et al., 2009; Lihoreau et al., 2010). Such behaviour yield mutual benefits to all group members and can be seen as emergent forms of cooperation (sensu West et al., 2007). First, aggregation processes tend to synchronise the resting and feeding activities of individuals. Such behavioural synchronisation maintains group cohesion over time and provides cockroaches with the various benefits of group effects (e.g. thermal gain, stable hygrometry, and/or reduced predation risks) as mentioned in earlier sections. Second, social information transfer allows grouped cockroaches to make faster and more accurate decisions than isolated conspecifics (Halloy et al., 2007; Canonge et al., 2011), an emergent property of swarm intelligence (Sumpter and Pratt, 2009).
A chap with a 6 month old ileal conduit for urinary diversion rocks up to your ED feeling more than a little unwell.
A VBG done at triage is like this:
What's the deal?
The reference
Tanrikut C, McDougal WS. Acid-base and electrolyte disorders after urinary diversion. World J Urol. 2004 Jul 29;22(3):168–71. [PubMed]
you can make a urinary diversion out of lots of bits and bobs lying around in the abdomen. I'm sure there's a very technical side to choosing which bit or bob to use gastric jejunum ileum and colon (this seems to be what I see)
decline in renal function (thought to be due to obstruction and reflux)
infection
stones somewhere along the system (which are linked to infection)
metabolic disturbances – this is the interesting one we'll tackle today
normal bladder does not alter the urine – there are no funny ion pumps changing concentrations and fiddling with your wee wee
whichever section of gut your urologist randomly plucks from within the abdominal cavity chooses their venous drainage will all be to the liver. This can be an issue if your urinary diversion starts sending lots of urea to your liver especially if it's already struggling.
chooses their venous drainage will all be to the liver. This can be an issue if your urinary diversion starts sending lots of urea to your liver especially if it's already struggling. this all changes when you use a bit of gut and different bits of gut cause different issues if you use stomach then you can get a hypochloremic metabolic alkalosis imagine it a bit like continual vomiting with Cl loss you can even use PPIs to reduce the action of the H+/K+ pump and reduce H+ loss thus lowering the pH again if ileum or colon then you get a hyperchloremic metabolic acidosis. There is net absorption of both ammonium and Cl back into the circulation that was just trying to get rid of it.)
Minimising contact time reduces all of these. If the urine isn't in the pouch for very long then the acid base problems don't happen. If this is happening then you have to question how well the urinary diversion is working.
Ndamukong Suh will be at the top of the totally imaginary free agent totem pole this offseason. The Detroit Lions appear willing to let Suh test the open market, for now at least. There is the outside possibility that the Lions still could slap the franchise tag on Suh before March 2, but doing so would have their salary cap in shambles as Suh would be due almost $27 million.
That's real cash money not just a cap number. Well it's both, actually.That's what they would pay him and that's what he would take up on the salary cap for 2015. It seems unlikely, but who knows?
Maybe the Lions will tag Suh just so they can continue talks on a long-term contract. If it were me and some team tagged me for that much money, I would break every speed limit between me and the front office to sign on the dotted line before they came to their senses. The Lions can't possibly want one player to take up that much cap space, and by signing the tag, Suh would take away the Lions' ability to rescind it if negotiations didn't go as planned.
Somebody would have to piss or get off the pot, and in a hurry!
The Lions could have that very scenario playing out in the back of their mind as the deadline approaches. And that's what I believe they will do instead of trying to outbid his other suitors on the open market.
Yeah, good luck with that.
I'm all for Suh getting every last cent he can wrangle out of one of these owners. Not only has he earned the right to be in this position with his play on the field and staying out of (too much) trouble off of it, but also because it helps the next guy at his position who comes up for big pay day. Since NFL owners are always talking about precedent to explain away why they won't renegotiate a contract with more than a year left on it, players have to throw precedent back at them when it comes to getting paid every cent they are worth when the time is finally at hand. Whatever the last guy at the position made, you need to make a just li'l more because, you know, precedent! What was good for the goose will be good for the gander.
Having said all that, let me also say this. I personally believe the only place where Suh could possibly sign this offseason and not eventually be labeled overpaid and maybe even a bust is back with the Lions.
Five years later
Do not misunderstand me, Suh is a fantastic player. What he's done for the Lions during the first five years of his career has given them an identity on defense which now has them damn near the best defense in the league. He also has turned in 36 sacks over that same time frame, which is nothing to sneeze at from the defensive tackle position. Now that the Lions have a potential star at defensive end in Ezekiel Ansah to pair with Suh, the sky is the limit for that defensive line if he re-signs with Detroit.
The problem with Suh potentially signing elsewhere would be the change in expectations. Some folks have given him a pass when it comes to the lack of evolution of his pass rush game since he recorded 10 sacks as a rookie. That's not to say he hasn't played well. He has. And he's been dominant at times.
However ...
The one reason I had Gerald McCoy rated higher than Suh going into the 2010 NFL Draft was that I viewed Suh as basically a one trick pony, using his power to dominate offensive linemen with his bull rush but not having much more than that in his toolbox when it came to pass rushing. McCoy on the other hand showed more quick twitch ability getting off the ball in a flash and an ability to win with quickness or power at Oklahoma. I prefer the guy who can get it done with a variety of ways, because sooner or later you will run up against that dude who takes away your first move and you had better have a second, third and maybe even a fourth ready to go.
I knew both guys still had a lot to learn, but I just had a feeling that a guy like Suh, who only needed power rushes to make an impact up to that point in his career, would feel no urgency to change his approach. Five years later and it's clear my hunch was right.
SB Nation presents: What the NFL Draft looks like with Marcus Mariota at No. 1
They're going to catch up to you one day
While preparing to write this, I went back to watch some film on Suh from the regular season. I'd watched a lot of it before but not while focusing exclusively on Suh. During the season I usually take a broader approach when viewing the all-22 getting a big picture view of the action on the field unless something or somebody really stands out. I remembered Ansah standing out a few times, but never Suh.
After watching a few games something in the back of my mind started bugging the shit out of me, but I couldn't figure out what it was. I kept going over what I'd seen and ultimately came back to the fact that I hadn't seen anything out of the ordinary from Suh in those games. That's when the proverbial light bulb went off over my head.
I went back a couple of years to watch Suh's film from 2012. Different head coach, different defensive coordinator, somewhat different scheme, same old Ndamukong Suh. I swear the only difference in the film was that Suh might have looked a little chunkier this year than he did in 2012. Maybe. Otherwise, it was the same guy, and that's a problem for me.
Here's a basic truth every young pass rusher should understand: They are going to catch up to you one day.
Whether it's in year two, year five, or year 15, the offensive linemen always catch up top pass rushers at some point. That is why a top pass rusher has to constantly evolve, even if it's only slightly, so that you can continue to have the upper hand. If you are a speed guy, you eventually have to learn to work some power rushes in to keep your opponents honest. If you are a power guy, you have to work in some finesse moves just so your opponent can't sit down for your power on every play.
Ndamukong Suh evidently does not agree with this sentiment. He came in to the league a bull rusher. He still is a bull rusher, and he's probably only going to be a bull rusher. Considering the fact that the guy is built like a tank and just about as strong as one, this isn't the worst plan in the world, but it damns sure isn't the best either. That's especially true because even now, entering his sixth season, Suh still hasn't developed a reliable way to escape off his bullrush so that he can, you know, sack the quarterback. There are plenty of times where he is absolutely crushing guards and centers who have the fucking temerity to try to block him singled up, but he'll still allow the quarterback to get the ball off because he refuses to do a simple rip (preferred) or arm over (allowed) once he gets to the level of the quarterback so he can sack the sonuvabitch.
Y'all out there that watch film, tell me I'm lying. Go ahead.
I don't give a damn if you are the biggest Suh fan in the world, if you watch film, you know good and well that dude is basically the same guy he was when he came in the league in 2010. And if you're a Lions fan, you know how many times you've grimaced because you watched him absolutely destroy an offensive lineman but still not get the quarterback on the ground because he was reaching instead of ripping off the block.
This is real to spit, folks.
Now, I do give Suh credit for developing a good inside move ... finally. He has a nice little jab-ole move that he had a moderate amount of success with this past season. Just being real, I imagine the linemen he beat with that inside move couldn't believe he did something other than a power rush either. Suh has also gotten better at reading his run keys so that he isn't getting trapped so much anymore. He is also at least decent at running pass rush games, an underrated skill.
Before you commit ...
However, at the end of the day, Ndamukong Suh is all about the power rush, still. That would give me two major concerns as a potential suitor:
1. All those bull rushes and playing inside has to be putting a lot of wear and tear on his shoulders and joints. How much longer can you reasonably count on him before his body starts breaking down?
2. If teams offer a small bank to sign any free agent, fans are going to want to see results, i.e. stats. Like it, don't like it ... nobody gives a fuck. Fans and even some owners are going to measure any major free agent signing by the numbers a player puts up.
Can you really count on a power rushing defensive tackle to put up big numbers for much longer, especially a guy who's game hasn't evolved much in his first five years? It's probably going to take at least a five-year deal to get Suh signed. Would you be ready to make that kind of commitment?
That second question might be more important than the first one. I'm down here in Tampa where the GM and head coach signed a defensive end to a big free agent contract last offseason only to see him end up with four measly sacks. Now, the locals are using words like like "hot seat." The fear of being that GM is real, so I am not sure many teams will even join the bidding for Suh. Let's not forget that prior to his 8.5 sack season in 2014, Suh only had 5.5 sacks the year before. I tend to think 5.5 sacks is pretty damn good if there were a lot of pressures included, but is a new owner or a fan base going to think 5.5 sacks is commensurate with the salary their team is doling out to him?
I would be skeptical.
Truth be told -- brace yourself because this is going to sting a little -- Suh is basically a highly skilled nose tackle.
Did I just blow your mind?
I'm dead serious. The guy stays on the left side almost exclusively, so he actually does play 4-3 nose quite a bit. You will find him in between the center and guard rather than the guard and tackle a lot, especially on third downs. He doesn't have a lot of moves, isn't especially quick off the ball and relies heavily on his incredible strength.
Aside from the 4-3 stuff, I could have just as easily be describing Chiefs nose tackle Dontari Poe. Oh, Suh only had one more sack than Poe in 2013 and 2.5 more last season.
Call it a hot take if you want, but it's real. If a 3-4 team gets in on the bidding for Suh, where in hell do you think they are looking to play him? I know where I would put him, right there at nose and let him kick some center's ass week after week.
A defensive tackle like McCoy, Geno Atkins or even Marcell Dareus, who have multiple ways to get to the quarterback, are almost always going to be productive in the sack department as long as they stay healthy. That's because they can go and get sacks on their own without any help from the cats around them. One trick ponies usually need a little help.
I have also peeped that McCoy and Dareus have all added stuff to their pass rush repertoire almost every year of their careers. It's amazing to me that Suh, on the other hand, is still stuck on being a tough guy and pushing guys around with power rushes rather than actually maximizing his talent by incorporating at least various ways to escape off of those power rushes so that he can actually tackle the quarterback instead of just reaching and swiping as he gets ridden past them. That would drive me crazy if I signed him to a huge deal.
No place like home
The Lions, however, are used to all of that from Suh and have embraced it. They've assembled a defense around him under GM Martin Mayhew, an old teammate of mine, where he and his game fit perfectly into a scheme that helps make them a formidable opponent for any team in the league. Therefore his true worth to the Lions is probably even more than that franchise tag number.
I can't see him having anywhere near the same kind of impact on another team, where he would have to fit in like everybody else. The NFL is littered with stories of big-time free agents whose careers got off to great starts before falling off immediately after signing a big contract elsewhere. I'm not saying Suh would be the next name on that list, but I'm not saying he wouldn't either.
I have this sneaky suspicion that the Lions see things the way I see them. They may expect other teams to see it that way too, so they aren't going to tag Suh and will let him test the free agent waters. I think Suh will end up being offered a lot less than he thinks he deserves, which will end with him and the Lions finally working out something.
That isn't to say some teams won't come calling with bags full of money; I just don't think there will be as many teams or as many bags of money as some expect. I also think some of the folks throwing that money at him will have schemes that he won't want to play in after spending most of his career as a left defensive tackle in a 4-3. So many teams have transitioned to the 3-4 defense, which could make his free agent experience even more interesting.
I think Suh will end up being offered a lot less than he thinks he deserves, which will end with him and the Lions finally working out something
I told you where I think he would fit in a 3-4. The problem is that teams don't usually pay 3-4 nose tackles that kinda money. Sooooooo, what's he to do if he wants to get paid, be the heaviest 3-4 rush linebacker in NFL history?
Exactly.
Let me reiterate again that I think Ndamukong Suh is a fantastic player, because I'm sure by now many of you are firing up your keyboards about to fire off a "yOU aRe a SuH HaTerz" comment just because I think the man is a nose tackle in a 3-4.
Do I wish he was more diverse as a pass rusher? Absolutely. Do I think he is wasting his gifts by not at least attempting to learn other moves? Of course.
But do I also think he wrecks shop on the regular? You damn right I do!
It's just that the Lions have damn near assembled the whole rest of defense and designed that scheme around what Suh does best. Unless another team can do the same in one or two offseasons, I am beyond skeptical that the quarterback-like money it will take to sign Suh will eventually be seen as money well spent. In fact, I'm pretty sure it's going to get the GM that pulls that trigger fired.
Look at it this way: If a lot of decision makers see things my way and Suh's offers end up being more reasonable than most think they will be, that potentially adds a bunch of other teams into the mix, teams that don't think they can accommodate his price range right now. Who knows, your team may get in on the Suh derby too!
All bullshit aside, if Suh re-signs with the Lions, their fans should be overjoyed. If he ends up signing elsewhere, fans of that team had better cross all their fingers and toes because I just don't think its going to end well anywhere but in Detroit.
We shall see.
Meet Moe (foster)
Moe is located in Foster Care, which means he isn't at the shelter.
Please contact Maria @mariaelisethomas@gmail.com for information on adopting Moe.
UPDATE ON MOE! The vets have decided that Moe is 3-4 years old. He's been in foster care with dogs, cats, and even puppies and does very well with all of them. He will chase a kitty who runs from him though. He's been around children, and is extra gentle around both baby humans and baby animals. He is working on housetraining, and is really enjoying being inside and hanging out on couches with people who show him love and kindness. Do you have a place in your heart and in your family for Moe? He's a wonderful dog!
Moe is a GORGEOUS American Bulldog who came to the shelter in pretty rough shape. He was emaciated and scared. Since being at CAA he's gained almost 10 lbs. You can still see his ribs, but he's not as bad off as was. He is a really sweet boy - fine with other dogs, but really as sweet as can be with people. He'd be a perfect cuddle buddy on the couch on these chilly winter nights! If you think Moe might be a perfect match with your family, please contact the foster coordinator at foster@caabr.org
All dogs in the adoption program are examined by a veterinarian, vaccinated, spayed/neutered, and micro-chipped prior to leaving the shelter.
Support your local animal shelter-become a volunteer!
http://www.brgov.com/dept/animal/default.asp
Man who stole Piggie the echidna from Gold Coast wildlife sanctuary pleads guilty to animal cruelty
Posted
A man who stole an echidna from a Gold Coast wildlife sanctuary says he "had a big day on the alcohol" but admits it was "stupid" and has apologised in court.
Tyson Paul Bothur, 20, has pleaded guilty to one count of animal cruelty and one count of entering a premise with intent in Southport Magistrates Court.
He and another unidentified man broke into the Currumbin Wildlife Sanctuary on the night of August 1 this year hoping to find crocodiles.
When they could not locate the reptiles in the dark, the pair broke into an echidna enclosure and pilfered one.
The theft of Piggie quickly went viral, with security footage of her masked kidnappers posted on social media websites.
What I've done was stupid and silly and I've learnt my lesson. Tyson Paul Bothur
The four-year-old echidna was found safe and well within days and three men were charged over the incident.
Police prosecutor Senior Constable Donna Minns told the court Bothur had admitted he and the other man were under the influence of alcohol when they climbed over the sanctuary's fence to search for crocodiles.
Senior Constable Minns said while Bothur's animal cruelty crime was on the "lower end" of the scale, she said it was clear Piggie had suffered stress and trauma during the ordeal.
Bothur said he was sorry for his actions.
"What I've done was stupid and silly and I've learnt my lesson," Bothur told the court.
"There was nothing planned about it. I just had a big day on the alcohol."
Magistrate John Costanzo sentenced Bothur to a two-year probation period.
He said the 20-year-old was old enough to know better, especially as he had four previous court sentences on various matters in the past two years.
"The law is the law," Mr Costanzo said.
"You treat it as optional. But it's not."
Bothur was also ordered to pay $740 as compensation to the sanctuary for veterinary fees incurred following Piggie's repatriation.
Jarrod Ronald Simmons, 24, was sentenced last week to 80 hours of community service for his role in Piggie's theft.
Another man, Luke Rye, is still before the courts for his involvement.
AAP
Topics: courts-and-trials, law-crime-and-justice, currumbin-4223
Chico >> An illegal homeless camp in south Chico is growing despite notices to vacate from the city and landowners, and neighbors have become concerned with sanitation and safety.
About 40 people are living on the corner of Morrow Lane and Notre Dame Boulevard, sharing tents, a garden and portable toilet. The area is in an industrial neighborhood, across the street from Payless Building Supply and part of the Morrow Lane Irrigation District.
City code enforcement officers have issued a second citation to the man leasing the land, Chicoan Joel Castle, who has also been served a 30-day notice to vacate from the landowners.
Castle welcomed people to the property about two months ago so they had a place to stay through the cold winter months.
City Building Official Leo DePaola said residential use poses health and safety concerns unless a formal project proposal is submitted, reviewed and approved by city officials. These concerns have been compounded by the camp's increasing number of people.
“We're getting a ton of complaints down there,” he said. “The amount of people has grown and there's still only one port-a-potty down there.”
Neighbors have expressed concerns about people defecating in the creek, stealing and catching lumber owned by Payless Building Supply on fire. DePaola said none of the complaints has been verified.
Chico Fire Department officials have visited the site and said the fires, likely used for cooking, are not posing a danger, according to DePaola. The site has not been unruly, but there are clutter and garbage concerns.
“People are concerned about the safety of it,” DePaola said. “We're doing our due diligence to make sure it's safe and sanitary. On the other hand, these things take time. We definitely feel empathetic to the situation and the people who are there, because they're caught in the middle of a situation they can't control.”
The Butte County Environmental Health Department hasn't received any formal requests for inspection, said spokesperson Casey Hatcher. They will support the city in any way they can to make sure they are addressing public health issues and keeping nearby Comanche Creek clean.
Chico attorney Dirk Potter spoke on behalf of landowner Ted Ball of Roseville. Ted and Justine Ball are listed as trustees of the property through Ball Family Living Trust, according to the Butte County Assessor's Office.
The limited lease agreement is for month-to-month day use of five acres of land, Potter said. It does not include anything about people staying there overnight or for extended periods of time. It does allow for goats, chickens and a garden.
“He (Ball) feels somewhat victimized,” Potter said. “None of this had been discussed with him prior to entering the agreement.”
The city sent Ball a notice of improper use on the property. Ball met with Potter and they decided to issue a termination notice. The 30 days of the notice will be reached next week.
Potter said certainly everyone feels it's an unfortunate situation for the people that are there, but he does not believe they necessarily want to get involved in this.
“Mr. Ball is trying to cooperate with the city,” he said. “He's just trying to do what they're asking him to do at this point.”
Castle said he is “in the middle of two wars,” one with the city and one with the landowners. He said there is “no doubt” he's going to continue to fight for the people he has invited to stay on the property, even if he is served with an eviction notice.
According to Castle, the city would not allow him to keep goats on the property, his original intention along with tending a garden, unless he went through a costly process of changing the land use.
Castle said he felt cheated after investing time and money into the place. That's when he created the “farm” for homeless people.
He said it's in a good location and now fewer people are wandering the streets and residential areas of Chico looking for bathrooms or a place to sleep. Castle has not submitted a formal proposal for rezoning the site but said he wanted to work with local service providers to make it happen.
“I'm trying to give them back their dignity and a place to go and they love it. … It's like a paradise for them,” he said. “Chico has everything to win with this program. It's going to make Chico safer.”
Contact reporter Ashiah Scharaga at 896-7768.
The Oculus Rift is now readily available to buy in the UK and comes with an Xbox One controller, Windows 10 support, a game and more, and now you can order the brand-new Oculus Touch controller too. Curious about what it's like to use? Take a look at our Oculus Rift review.
Podcast discussion: First impressions of the Oculus Rift compared with the HTC Vive
When is the Oculus Rift release date?
Oculus opened pre-orders for the Oculus Rift earlier this year on 6 January at 4pm before shipping two months later in March 2016. All orders were processed via the US until September 2016, when the headset became readily available to buy in the UK from the likes of GAME and Amazon. You can find out more about ordering the headset in the UK below.
The Oculus Rift includes Lucky's Tale for gamers, and also comes with an Xbox One controller.
How much does the Oculus Rift cost? Where can I buy the Oculus Rift in the UK?
The Oculus Rift was originally available to buy in the UK for £549, but following an announcement at GDC 2017, the Rift dropped down to £499. You can buy it from GAME, Amazon and John Lewis, although Currys is yet to drop the price. This price gets you the Oculus Rift, the sensor, the remote, an Xbox One wireless controller with batteries, adaptor and extender, plus all the necessary cords. It also ships with the game Lucky's Tale, but not EVE: Valkyrie as it did when it first launched. (See also: How to set up an Xbox One.)
However, Oculus now offers a Rift and Touch bundle, giving you everything you need for immersive VR for £600, down from a previous combined price of £740 and a saving of around 19 percent.
How much does the Oculus Touch cost? Where can I buy the Oculus Touch in the UK?
A major announcement after the 11 June 2015 event was that the Oculus Rift wouldn't come with a proprietary controller. Instead, thanks to partnership with Microsoft, it would ship with an Xbox One Wireless Controller.
The Xbox Controller was just the start as Oculus Touch, Oculus' answer to HTC Vive's bespoke controllers, are now available to buy. Oculus Touch are new wireless controllers which track your hands. There is one for each hand and features an analogue stick, two buttons and a trigger. There's also haptic feedback and a matrix of sensors which can identify poses like pointing, waving and thumbs up.
After pre-orders opened back in October 2016, the Oculus Touch controllers were available to buy in the UK for a rather expensive £189.99. However, following a GDC 2017 announcement, Oculus has now dropped the price of the Touch controllers to £100, representing a saving of £90. So, where can you pick them up? You'll be glad to know that if you live in the UK, you can pick them up from not only from Oculus but at GAME and of course Amazon.
Latest news and rumours
The Oculus Rift might be available to buy in the UK, but that doesn't mean there aren't rumours circulating on what Oculus is working on now. Here's the latest news about Oculus and the Oculus Rift.
Facebook CEO shows off prototype Oculus Rift gloves
While the recent release of the Oculus Touch controllers were welcomed by Oculus fans, it seems as if the company is working on something much more advanced - if photos from Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg are anything to go by, anyway. During a recent trip to Oculus, the Facebook CEO shared a few photos on the social network, showcasing a little bit of what Oculus is working on.
The above photo was posted on Facebook, with Zuckerberg explaining a little more in the caption. "We're working on new ways to bring your hands in virtual and augmented reality. Wearing these gloves, you can draw, type on a virtual keyboard, and even shoot webs like Spider-Man. That's what I'm doing here."
Of course, the gloves are only a prototype at this stage and may never make it to market, but the fact that Zuckerberg is willing to show them off bodes well for the future. He wouldn't want to show off something that isn't coming to market in some form, right? He teased that there are specially built labs that let them experiment not only with virtual, but also augmented reality. "We've built labs that let us quickly make new kinds of lenses and devices to push the boundaries of virtual and augmented reality" he claimed, in another photo caption.
Oculus ordered paying $500m in ZeniMax lawsuit
Following a rather dramatic court case between ZeniMax Media and Oculus, a Texas jury ruled that Oculus broke non-disclosure agreements during the early days of Rift development, resulting in a massive payout to game publisher ZeniMax. ZeniMax brought the lawsuit to Oculus claiming that its' trade secrets were stolen and used to develop the Oculus Rift. While the Jury didn't find that to be the case, it awarded the $500m damages due to the violated NDA and copyright & trademark infringement.
However, if you thought that was bad, Oculus could be in for more bad news if ZeniMax seeks (and succeeds) to temporarily halt Rift sales. According to Polygon, the company has said that it wants to seek a court order that'll block both Facebook and Oculus from selling the Rift, although Oculus is staying tight-lipped on current goings-on.
Oculus co-founder discusses the future of VR at CES 2017
Talking to TechRadar at CES 2017, Oculus co-founder Jack McCauley has revealed his personal opinion of the Oculus Rift, along with where Oculus could improve with future releases.
McCauley described the consumer Oculus Rift as "heavy and costly", going on to explain that "They need to reduce the cost of it, and if that means sacrificing a few features that are incremental improvements, that's what they need to do". A very brutal but yet honest and refreshing answer.
However, his opinion on where VR is going is more interesting. Despite not providing an experience similar to the Oculus Rift at the moment, McCauley believes that mobile VR is the future, not VR powered by high-end gaming PCs. "Oculus announced its sales numbers on Wednesday and it sold 5,000,000 Gear VR units. That's very impressive. That's a smash hit ... it's kind of looking like it's mobile".
With companies like Oculus, Samsung and Google all developing and pushing mobile VR to consumers, it may well be a mobile-powered VR future.
Xbox One and Windows 10 compatibility
There's more Xbox related news as you're finally able to stream games from the console to the Oculus Rift using the newly released Xbox One streaming app. While the app won't make all your games automatically VR-ready, you're able to play games in a virtual theatre which is a little like sitting in a cinema, rather than your room. It's a good thing if you have a really small room and want a sense of more space.
There's currently a choice of three virtual theatres in which to play, with your Xbox games appearing on a virtual cinema screen in front of you. The screen can be adjusted in terms of position and shape, to match your personal preferences. While it's not a game changer, it gives a little more value to the £549 headset, especially if you own both a PC and an Xbox One.
Oculus has also confirmed that the Rift works natively with Windows 10 after working closely with Microsoft during development stages.
Specifications and features
We now know that the final consumer model of the Oculus Rift features custom optics and display. The firm said it has two OLED screens (combined resolution of 2160x1200) with low latency so there's no blur or visible pixels. A new constellation tracking system improves the experience as does integrate VR audio (you can use your own headset too). Oculus said the Rift is fabric-coated and has a new lighter and more egonomic design meaning you can put it on easier and it will be more comfortable to wear than previous versions. The headset allows you to adjust the lenses to suit your eyes since we all have a small difference in the distance between them.
Oculus Home is a VR portal, bringing all your games into one place. You land in Oculus Home as soon as you put on the Rift and you can check out your own games or see what others are playing, with a preview of a game before you buy it. A 2D version of Oculus Home also lets you manage games from your PC.
If you're looking for something a little more budget-friendly, why not take a look at the all-in-one Oculus Go VR headset?
What is Oculus Rift?
The Oculus Rift is a head-mounted virtual-reality display. An immersive headset that gives the wearer a full 360-degree view of the virtual world they inhabit. The Oculus Rift pairs with headphones to make games, virtual worlds and live events feel 'real'. The Oculus Rift will go head to head with other virtual reality headsets such as Samsung's own Gear VR - itself made by Oculus.
It is being developed by Oculus VR, a startup that has raised $16 million of funding. A measure of the buzz generated by Oculus Rift can be gleaned from the fact that Facebook recently purchased Oculus Rift for $2bn. A developer version of Oculus Rift is out now, with a second-gen developer kit shipping this month, but excitement is building for a general launch to the public. (More details: Supercharged second-gen Oculus Rift developer kit revealed, open for preorders.)
A nano-solution to global water problem: Nanomembranes could filter bacteria
New nanomaterials research from the University at Buffalo could lead to new solutions for an age-old public health problem: how to separate bacteria from drinking water. To the naked eye, both water molecules and germs are invisible -- objects so tiny they are measured by the nanometer, a unit of length about 100,000 times thinner than the width of a human hair.
But at the microscopic level, the two actually differ greatly in size. A single water molecule is less than a nanometer wide, while some of the most diminutive bacteria are a couple hundred.
Working with a special kind of polymer called a block copolymer, a UB research team has synthesized a new kind of nanomembrane containing pores about 55 nanometers in diameter -- large enough for water to slip through easily, but too small for bacteria.
The pore size is the largest anyone has achieved to date using block copolymers, which possess special properties that ensure pores will be evenly spaced, said Javid Rzayev, the UB chemist who led the study. The findings were published online on Jan. 31 in Nano Letters and will appear in the journal's print edition later this year, with UB chemistry graduate student Justin Bolton as lead author.
"These materials present new opportunities for use as filtration membranes," said Rzayev, an assistant professor of chemistry. "Commercial membranes have limitations as far as pore density or uniformity of the pore size. The membranes prepared from block copolymers have a very dense distribution of pores, and the pores are uniform."
"There's a lot of research in this area, but what our research team was able to accomplish is to expand the range of available pores to 50 nanometers in diameter, which was previously unattainable by block-copolymer-based methods," Rzayev continued. "Making pores bigger increases the flow of water, which will translate into cost and time savings. At the same time, 50 to 100 nm diameter pores are small enough not to allow any bacteria through. So, that is a sweet spot for this kind of application."
The new nanomembrane owes its special qualities to the polymers that scientists used to create it. Block copolymers are made up of two polymers that repel one another but are "stitched" together at one end to form the single copolymer.
When many block copolymers are mixed together, their mutual repulsion leads them to assemble in a regular, alternating pattern. The result of that process, called self-assembly, is a solid nanomembrane comprising two different kinds of polymers.
To create evenly spaced pores in the material, Rzayev and colleagues simply removed one of the polymers. The pores' relatively large size was due to the unique architecture of the original block copolymers, which were made from bottle-brush molecules that resemble round hairbrushes, with molecular "bristles" protruding all the way around a molecular backbone.
The research on nanomembranes is part of a larger suite of studies Rzayev is conducting on bottle-brush molecules using a National Science Foundation CAREER award, the foundation's most prestigious award for junior investigators. His other work includes the fabrication of organic nanotubes for drug delivery, and the assembly of layered, bottle-brush polymers that reflect visible light like the wings of a butterfly do.
I'm going to vote no.
I also think if they do FFX-2 remaster, they'll use their same setup and pop it out for ps3/vita.
But I would not be surprised if the FF 12 remake that will come SOMEday.. to be on PS4.
Edit: By remake I meant HD-ified remaster.
It seems for remakes they've left off at FF IV, which is why of course everybody is waiting for FF V 3DS.
You know a series is (was) really good when you can sell ports/remasters, and then come back later and sell remakes.
So you basically end up with:
1. Original Version - $$$$$$$$
2. Greatest Hits Etc - $$$
3. Remaster/Bundled Pack - $$$$$
4. Remake - $$$$$$$
Damn that's a nice "cushion" for when new IPs or failed sequels do not work out.
MELBOURNE, Australia - What a difference a major makes. Four months ago, Swiss wunderkind Belinda Bencic was all the rage as she became the youngest player to reach the US Open quarterfinals since her mentor Martina Hingis did so in 1997. Bencic also earned her first career Top 10 win against Angelique Kerber during her run in New York, further fueling expectations that she'd one day be a tour de force on tour.
On Monday in Melbourne, with Hingis looking on in her player's box, Bencic had an altogether different Grand Slam experience. The 17-year-old became the first seed to be ushered out of the draw, by hard-hitting Julia Goerges of Germany, 6-2, 6-1.
But Bencic wasn't the only seed to be sent packing on Day 1. In total, eight seeded players were bounced from the draw on a day where chaos reigned supreme and only the strong survived.
"The game's getting more and more depth," opined 18-time major champion Chris Evert from the commentary booth. "The younger players are doing well, there's not that intimidation factor."
The competition may not be intimidating to young players like Bencic, but the pressure to back up big-time results can be overwhelming.
Last year, when Bencic reached the quarterfinals in New York, she was traveling under the radar and playing with nothing to lose.
"I think she had all the pressure because she needed to win," Bencic said after notching her milestone win against Jelena Jankovic in front of an enamored New York night session crowd. "I could just enjoy."
This year, the tables have turned.
Pressure, as the great Billie Jean King likes to say, is a privilege, but it's also an entity that teenagers who are bursting with talent but lacking experience must learn to process and overcome.
The type of consistency that has become the trademark of Maria Sharapova, who won her opener in straight sets on Monday, is now becoming the norm for rising stars like Simona Halep and Eugenie Bouchard - also first round winners on Monday. But even well-heeled veterans like fifth-seeded Ana Ivanovic, who crumbled in three sets to 142nd-ranked qualifier Lucie Hradecka on Day 1, are not immune to the perils of debilitating pressure.
"It's really disappointing," Ivanovic said after becoming the first Top 5 seed to bow out of the tournament. "You know, it's probably the worst thing that could happen."
Only time will tell if Bencic will rise above the fray to prove herself as capable of winning as she is at stirring up expectations. Until then, she will take her lumps, hit her speed bumps and keep on learning.
And know that she's not the only one who has fallen prey to the upset bug.
Quote of the Day: World No. 142 Lucie Hradecka after becoming the first player to upset a Top 5 seed on Day 1 of the Australian Open since 2003: "It's two hours after the match, and I'm still smiling."
Stat of the Day: The record for most seeded players to lose in the first round of a major is 11. There were eight today and the top half of the draw has yet to take the court.
Tweet of the Day: After being caught by ESPN's cameras while vomiting on court, American Christina McHale rallied to defeat Stephanie Foretz, 6-4, 1-6, 12-10. In addition to the heroic victory, McHale was a good sport about it:
SpaceX accomplished a world first and plans to continue changing the world of space flight
A SpaceX Falcon9 first stage rocket lands upright on the droneship Of Course I Still Love You
Image : SpaceX, slightly edited by Practical Tangent graphics team
SpaceX's first four attempts had ended in failure but on the 8th of April the company's perseverance paid off as the first stage of a Falcon 9 rocket successfully landed on a floating platform in the Atlantic Ocean. The “droneship” barge, Of Course I Still Love You, accepted the booster approximately 8 minutes and 20 seconds after the initial launch. The rocket's upper stage went on to successfully deploy a Dragon capsule into low-Earth orbit as part of the CRS-8 mission to resupply the International Space Station.The barge landing, the world's first, marks and important milestone for the company's reusable rocket program aimed at reducing the cost of injecting payloads into space. SpaceX demonstrated it could successfully land a first stage rocket on solid earth back on December 21, 2015, doing so at Cape Canaveral, but until that point, the company's attempted ocean landings ended in explosions. While land recovery and reuse of a first stage rocket could save money in the long run, floating barge recoveries offer an even greater savings potential in the form of reduced fuel.Much of a Falcon 9's weight is in the form of fuel used to propel a payload upward and laterally into orbit. To achieve a stable low-Earth orbit, an object needs to be traveling around the planet at a speed of approximately 7.8 kilometers per second. The Falcon 9 achieves a small portion of this lateral speed with first stage thrust so when stage separation occurs approximately 2 minutes 40 seconds into flight (depending on the payload and other conditions) the first stage is already several miles downrange. To return to the launch site, the rocket much turn around and expend costly fuel burning in the opposite direction. If a stage could instead fall from its separation point in a controlled manner and land on a barge in the ocean, less fuel would be needed to pull off the maneuver. Less maneuvering fuel means space and weight can either be eliminated or devoted to the mission. From the barge, it's just a short trip back to the assembly building.SpaceX aims to secure business by bringing down the cost of space travel. In the early 2000s NASA could put satellites into orbit at a cost of $10,000 per kilogram. For many, this was a price tag that was simply too high for their projects. SpaceX has since said it can do the same job for a tenth of the cost, but they are not stopping there. Ultimately, the company's founder and CEO Elon Musk wants to send humans to Mars and achieve the feat on a budget. Continuing to drive down costs is key to SpaceX's goals. After all, high cost was one of the reasons Congress shelved NASA's Constellation program in 2010; the program had featured a return to the Moon as well as a manned Mars mission as its grand finale.SpaceX is not the only company working to bring space flight services to market on the cheap. New companies and subsidiaries, backed by big names, have been pushing into space in recent years. Blue Origin, one such company founded by Amazon.com's Jeff Bezos, proved in late 2015 its New Sheppard rocket can reach the boundary of space and return to the Earth's surface in a reusable state. A second trial using the same rocket was demonstrated in January. Fellow space-faring company, Virigin Galatic, chaired by billionaire Sir Richard Branson, is currently developing a launch vehicle to put small satellites into orbit. British company Reaction Engines Limited recently entered into an agreement to with BAE Systems to finish development of the SABRE engine for a new spaceplane concept called Skylon. United Launch Alliance, a joint venture of Boeing and Lockheed Martin, had been supplying NASA and the Department of Defense with rockets since its inception in 2006 but restructured in 2014 in an attempt to better compete with private sector rivals like SpaceX.
Target disclosed on Friday that a mass information breach involved data belonging to up to 110 million individuals—a number far more extensive than originally believed.
The big box retailer said that a probe into the hacking of customers' personal data found that stolen information—separate from payment information already reported—included names, mailing addresses, phone numbers or email addresses for tens of millions. The new figure was significantly higher than the 40 million the company initially reported.
Although Target previously stated the breach wouldn't compromise cardholders' accounts, the dramatic rise in the number of people affected called that assumption into question.
(Read more: Customers paying the price after data breach)
Dow Jones reported Friday that Target shoppers' information was stored separately from the 40 million credit and debit card accounts that the discount chain had said were affected back in December, when the breach was initially reported. Friday's disclosure indicated that a different system had been hacked.
(Target CEO Gregg Steinhafel will appear exclusively on CNBC Monday, January 13 in a "Squawk Box" interview, his first since the breach).
Tonight will be the first game back at the Rogers Centre since Toronto's bananas Game 5 win over the Rangers, which included a beerstorm interlude after a disputed call. That's not likely to happen again, and the Blue Jays are going to make extra-sure: they're banning cans of beer in the cheap seats.
This is fine: a beer can make a perfect projectile, and many stadiums have moved to all-cup sales for just this reason. But why limit it to the 500 level? A beer can is just as likely to be thrown—and more likely to reach the field—from the 200 level. (The horribly cynical answer is they don't want to make fans who pay more for their tickets wait that long for their beers to be poured.)
Police and the Rogers Centre have reviewed their security procedures ahead of the ALCS, but will not comment on any changes to their policy.
The annual Taiji dolphin hunt in Japan has been going on since 1969, and with the release of the Academy Award-winning documentary, "The Cove" (2009), awareness of the issue has been raised around the world in recent years.
Richard "Ric" O'Barry has been working with dolphins in the wild and in captivity for more than 50 years. In the first 10 years, O'Barry captured and trained dolphins, but for the last 46 years he has been doing the exact opposite: un-training dolphins and getting them back into the sea where they belong. The 76-year-old activist was also featured in "The Cove," exposing the dolphin drive hunt in Taiji. O'Barry was arrested and detained in Japan last year, and was ordered to leave the country this January.
After being barred from entering Japan, O'Barry is currently traveling around Europe advocating for dolphin protection and looking to build a dolphin sanctuary in Greece. On June 27, The News Lens International had a conversation with the activist (in Denmark at the time of the interview) to learn more about his work and plans after being denied entry to Japan.
The News Lens International (TNLI): What have you been up to in Denmark these days?
Richard O'Barry: Well, actually I'm very interested creating a sanctuary for dolphins and we are looking at places in Europe to do that, so I'm based here [Denmark], and I'm looking for warm water with a lagoon so we can create an alternative for a dolphin area.
TNLI: You have been an activist for dolphin protection for over 45 years. Have you seen an improvement in dolphin protection?
R.O.: Oh my God, yes. People who are just joining this cause as a result of seeing "The Cove" or "Blackfish" (2013), may not see a lot of improvement, but from my perspective I'm seeing a lot of change for the common good.
When I first started speaking out against the captivity of dolphins and other whales I was alone. People thought I was crazy. There was no such thing as PETA (People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals), Sea Shepherd, Greenpeace, and a lot of the organizations that now are also working on this issue. So it was very difficult back in those days to even do an interview like this.
Before "The Cove" came out, when I'm doing an interview with a journalist I would have to define the problem because the journalist and the rest of the world did not see the dolphin captivity issue as a real issue. What's the problem? A few dolphins in captivity, they're smiling, they seem to be happy, the music is playing, I'm here with my family, and the water is crystal clear and blue. What's the problem? So I had to define the problem. I spent most of the interviews trying to convince the journalists there was something wrong with capturing dolphins and displaying them.
Because of "The Cove" I don't have to do that anymore. The films also educated the animal welfare industry. Most of the groups were not involved in this issue, but it's a mainstream issue today.
So I have seen enormous change. The movie was a game-changer. These three things, "Blood Dolphin" (three-part mini-series from Animal Planet produced by O'Barry's son, Lincoln O'Barry, in 2010), "The Cove," and "Blackfish" have really opened people's eyes to this issue.
TNLI: So before these two films and one TV series were produced, you were practically working alone?
R.O.: Pretty much. It took 20 years, from 1970, just to make it an issue. But now a lot of change is happening and I'm pretty optimistic.
TNLI: In these first 20 years when you were working alone, how did you try to make your voice heard?
R.O.: Primarily by interviews. I do every interview; whether I'm talking to one person or five million people. It's being in the game and showing up. It's all about showing up. Showing up in Japan, in the Faroe Islands, in the Solomon Islands, all over Europe where dolphins are being abused and trafficked. When you show up, the media shows up, and you're able to do these interviews. All of these serves to educate the public that is in the dark.
TNLI: Can you tell us about your work in Taiji?
R.O.: Taiji is all about the dolphin captivity issue. The capture of the dolphins in The Cove in Taiji is the economic underpinning of the slaughter. If it weren't for those captures, the slaughter for the meat would have gone out of business years ago. That's not making any money for them. They are losing money there. They are making all the money capturing dolphins and selling them to China, Korea, Russia, Turkey, Dubai and so on. That's what keeps the whole thing going.
TNLI: But you have seen a gradual decrease in people purchasing dolphins from Taiji in the past few years, right?
R.O.: No. I actually see it going up. I see the consumption of meat going down as the Japanese consumer learns that it is contaminated with mercury. The Japanese people are more concerned about clean, healthy food than we are in the West. If they had any idea that the dolphin meat is actually contaminated with toxic substances they would not buy it. And that's what's happening. They aren't buying it so much.
It's really the capture of dolphins with the biggest customer of dolphins being Japan itself. Japan is the size of California, and has 127 million people and 52 dolphinariums. Most of these facilities in Japan are sub-standard. They have very small tanks and a very high mortality rate. The dolphins die and they simply get more from Taiji. These are disposable dolphins for their disposable society.
So Japan is the biggest customer. They keep the dolphin drive going by purchasing dolphins from the fishermen and rewarding them for their bad behavior. The second biggest customer is China. There are dolphinariums opening all over China, and Taiji is ground zero for all these captures and trafficking.
TNLI: How has the decrease of dolphin meat consumption and increase of dolphin purchasing changed the way you have been advocated for dolphin protection in the area?
R.O.: I have been going to Taiji since 2003. Multiple times a year for the last 14 years. We're usually there September 1 [the start of the Taiji dolphin drive hunt] for the entire six months [the Taiji dolphin drive usually runs until the following March]. This year I won't be there because last September when I tried to get into the country, I was denied access. I was arrested and put in jail.
Now I have filed a lawsuit against the Japanese government for false arrest and the first hearing will be in July. So I'm hoping I can get back into Japan because I need to be in Taiji to keep the pressure on. We're going to keep the pressure on. Even though I'm not allowed in the country right now, I think hundreds of people will be there to replace me.
TNLI: At this point what would you say the biggest difficulty is for dolphin protection in Taiji?
R.O.: The biggest problem is the criminal government. Japan is a criminal government. They just do whatever they want to do and ignore the rest of the world. The government knows the rest of the world is against this [dolphin capturing]. That's the biggest stumbling block. The right-wing government of [Shinzo] Abe.
TNLI: You mentioned earlier on the media has been a great help in your work. Has the Japanese media helped you out in any way?
R.O.: I have talked to hundreds of Japanese journalists. There are at least 50 of them there every September 1, but you have to understand that the Japanese media is controlled by the government. So you might get a sympathetic reporter who totally gets it and writes a good story, but the editor is not going to allow that story to get out there. They spin the story to please the government.
So you can't count on the Japanese media. You have to count on the foreign correspondents club and all the international journalists to get the story out. And they do. They do a pretty good job. But there are still 127 million people in Japan who don't even know anything this issue because the government doesn't want them to know. This is not a democracy by any stretch of the imagination.
TNLI: To my understanding, Taiwan doesn't have an issue of dolphin hunting, but it does have problems of shark finning. Do you have any suggestions on how activists in Taiwan can tackle this issue?
R.O.: They probably know better than I do. But I go to these places to lend my support. That's a lot of what Dolphin Project [a project launched by O'Barry] does is to lend our support to activists who can't get the media attention they deserve. And so I show up and the media shows up. I'm doing that constantly here in Europe. I'm able to use my celebrity to bring attention to this injustice.
TNLI: So it has been you working with the media to raise awareness about this issue.
R.O.: Yeah. Look, it's all about supply and demand like any other product. A dolphin show is a product. If you can educate the consumers in hope they will stop buying tickets you have a chance of winning.
That's what's happening at Sea World. Sea World is going out of business because people stopped buying tickets when they saw "Blackfish." "Blackfish" was shown on national and international television and millions of people saw it over and over again. People became educated and they stopped buying tickets. The same is true in Finland, with a dolphinarium closing down recently.
That's the solution. What we can do is to educate the consumers so they will stop buying tickets.
TNLI: You mentioned earlier that you are pretty optimistic for dolphin protection in future. Where do you see yourself five years from now and what are your hopes for dolphin protection then?
R.O.: In five years I will be 81 years old. I expect to be alive and well and living in the dolphin sanctuary that we are in the process of creating in Greece. Yes, old activists need sanctuary too, just like the dolphins. The annual dolphin slaughter in Taiji will be over by then. There will finally be peace in the bloody cove. I really do want this dolphin slaughter in Taiji end in my lifetime. And life goes on.
O'Barry encourages people to take a pledge on his website, Dolphin Project, to stop buying tickets to dolphin shows.
First Editor: J. Michael Cole
Second Editor: Edward White
Justina Pelletier's mother collapsed and her father shouted in anger today after learning at a Boston courthouse that the Department of Children and Families wants to place their teenage daughter in foster care on Boston's North Shore, according to a minister who represents the family.
The parents were also upset because they were told a gag order preventing them from talking to the media remains in place, said the Rev. Patrick Mahoney, head of the Washington, D.C.-based Christian Defense Coalition, a group that is helping the family.
Linda Pelletier fainted in the corridor outside the Boston Juvenile Court and was taken away on a stretcher to a local hospital. Her husband, Lou Pelletier, occasionally erupted into angry shouts. Reporters were restricted from the fourth floor of the Brooke Courthouse, where a hearing on Justina's case was held, but could see the Pelletiers from a fifth-floor balcony across the courthouse atrium.
Advertisement
Mahoney said the parents were reacting after emerging from the closed-door hearing, which had lasted about two hours.
Mahoney said late this afternoon that Linda Pelletier had recovered fairly well from her fainting episode, and was expected to be released from Massachusetts General Hospital sometime later today. Mahoney was spending the afternoon with the Pelletier family, who are from West Hartford, Conn.
Justina has been caught in the middle of a high-profile medical dispute and child custody battle involving two major Boston hospitals, the state's child protection agency, and the Pelletiers, who want to bring their daughter home.
The Globe profiled the Pelletiers and the issues raised by the case in a two-part series.
One issue before the judge in today's hearing was whether Lou Pelletier should be held in contempt of court for violating a gag order. The teen's father has recently given media interviews in which he expressed frustration with the quality of care his daughter is getting while in DCF custody, care that he has asserted has been nearly fatal for her.
The Pelletiers' primary attorney declined comment, citing the gag order.
Mahoney said the parents were deeply upset after being told Justina Pelletier would be sent into foster care, and away from a Framingham residential facility where she has been living for the past month.
Advertisement
Mahoney said he was working to help the Pelletiers win back custody of Justina.
Prior to the Framingham placement, Justina spent about a year in the locked psychiatric ward at Boston Children's Hospital despite the objections of her parents and in conflict with a diagnosis from Tufts Medical Center doctors that the teen suffered from mitochondrial disorder, the Globe has reported.
Mathew Staver, founder of Liberty Counsel, a conservative nonprofit legal group, said he now represents the Pelletiers in their effort to end the gag order imposed by the judge. He said the DCF was given two days to tell the judge whether they oppose allowing Staver to enter the case.
Officials at MitoAction, a nonprofit group raising awareness about mitochondrial disease, a rare condition, released a statement saying they had heard that a Boston judge had ordered the teenager to go into a “non-medical'' facility in Merrimac.
It remained unclear just what the judge proposed at the hearing. However, typically a teenager like Justina, if viewed as medically stable, might go to a private foster home while also being required to attend some nearby day treatment and educational program.
Many of us who are meeting to participate in this conference have come “to hear the pleasing word of God, yea, the word which healeth the wounded soul” (Jacob 2:8). That word can be found in the scriptures and in the messages from our leaders, bringing us hope and comfort in the darkness of affliction.
Through our experience in life, we learn that joy in this world is not full, but in Jesus Christ our joy is full (see D&C 101:36). He will give us strength so we will not have to suffer any manner of afflictions save they are swallowed up in His joy (see Alma 31:38).
Our hearts can be filled with anguish when we see a loved one suffer the pains of a horrible disease.
The death of someone we love can leave an empty place in our soul.
When some of our children stray from the gospel path, we may feel guilt and uncertainty about their eternal destiny.
The hope of achieving a celestial marriage and establishing a family in this life can begin to fade as time goes by.
Abuse by those who are supposed to love us can leave deeply painful marks in our soul.
The infidelity of a spouse can destroy a relationship that we hoped would be eternal.
These and many other afflictions inherent to this probationary state sometimes cause us to ask ourselves the same question that the Prophet Joseph Smith asked: “O God, where art thou?” (D&C 121:1).
In those difficult moments in our lives, the pleasing word of God that heals the wounded soul brings the following message of comfort to our heart and mind:
“Peace be unto thy soul; thine adversity and thine afflictions shall be but a small moment;
“And then, if thou endure it well, God shall exalt thee on high” (D&C 121:7–8).
The pleasing word of God fills us with hope, because we know that those who are faithful in tribulation will have the greater reward in the kingdom of heaven and that “after much tribulation come the blessings” (see D&C 58:3–4).
The pleasing word of God, as spoken through the prophets, gives us the security that our eternal sealing, sustained by our faithfulness to the divine promises that we were given for our valiant service in the cause of truth, will bless us and our posterity (see Orson F. Whitney, in Conference Report, Apr. 1929, 110).
It also gives us the security that, after we have lived a faithful life, we will not lose any blessing for not having done certain things if we were never given the opportunity to do them. If we have lived faithfully until the time of our death, we “will have all the blessings, exaltation, and glory that any man or woman [who has had that opportunity] will have.” (See The Teachings of Lorenzo Snow, ed. Clyde J. Williams [1984], 138.)
Now, it is important to understand that some suffering and affliction can also enter our lives if we fail to truly repent of our sins. President Marion G. Romney taught: “The suffering and distress endured by people of this earth is the result of unrepented and unremitted sin. … Just as suffering and sorrow attend sin, so happiness and joy attend forgiveness of sins” (in Conference Report, Apr. 1959, 11).
Why does lack of repentance cause suffering and pain?
One of the possible answers is that “a punishment [was] affixed, and a just law given, which brought [about] remorse of conscience” (Alma 42:18; see also verse 16). The Prophet Joseph Smith taught that we are the ones who condemn ourselves and that it is the torment of disappointment in our mind that makes it as intense as a burning lake of fire and brimstone (see Teachings of Presidents of the Church: Joseph Smith [2007], 224).
If we attempt to appease our conscience by trying to “excuse [ourselves] in the least point because of [our] sins” (Alma 42:30) or by trying to hide them, the only thing we will accomplish is to offend the Spirit (see D&C 121:37) and delay our repentance. This type of relief, besides being temporary, will ultimately bring more pain and grief into our lives and will diminish our possibility of receiving a remission of our sins.
For this type of suffering, the pleasing word of God also brings comfort and hope; it tells us that there is relief from the pain caused by the effects of sin. This relief comes from the atoning sacrifice of Jesus Christ and takes effect if we exercise faith in Him, repent, and are obedient to His commandments.
It is important that we realize that just like the remission of sins, repentance is a process and not something that happens at one particular moment. It requires consistency in each of its steps.
For example, when we partake of the sacrament, we show the Lord that we are going to remember Him always and keep His commandments. That is an expression of our sincere intent.
The moment we begin to remember Him and keep His commandments every day—and not just on the Sabbath day—is when the remission of our sins begins to gradually take effect and His promise of having His Spirit with us begins to be fulfilled.
Without the proper obedience that must accompany our intent, the effect of remission may disappear before long and the companionship of the Spirit begins to withdraw. We will run the risk of honoring Him with our lips while removing our hearts from Him (see 2 Nephi 27:25).
In addition to comforting us, the pleasing word of God warns us that this process of receiving a remission of our sins can be interrupted when we become entangled “in the vanities of the world,” and it can be resumed through faith if we sincerely repent and humble ourselves (see D&C 20:5–6).
What might be some of those vanities that can interfere in the process of receiving a remission of our sins and that are associated with keeping the Sabbath day holy?
Some examples include arriving late for sacrament meeting without a valid reason; arriving, without previously having examined ourselves, to eat the bread and drink from the cup unworthily (see 1 Corinthians 11:28); and arriving without first having confessed our sins and having asked God for forgiveness for them.
Other examples: being irreverent by exchanging messages on our electronic devices, leaving the meeting after partaking of the sacrament, and engaging in activities in our homes that are inappropriate for that sacred day.
What might be one of the reasons why we, knowing all these things, often fail to keep the Sabbath day holy?
In the book of Isaiah, we can find an answer that, though related to the Sabbath, also applies to other commandments that we must keep: “Turn away thy foot from the sabbath, from doing thy pleasure on my holy day” (Isaiah 58:13).
The key words are “turn away … from doing thy pleasure,” or in other words, doing God's will. Oftentimes, our will—shaped by the desires, appetites, and passions of the natural man—conflicts with the will of God. The prophet Brigham Young taught that “when the will, passions, and feelings of a person are perfectly submissive to God and his requirements, that person is sanctified.—It is, for my will to be swallowed up in the will of God, that will lead me into all good, and crown me ultimately with immortality and eternal lives” (Deseret News, Sept. 7, 1854, 1).
The pleasing word of God invites us to use the power of the Atonement of Christ to apply it to ourselves and become reconciled with His will—and not with the will of the devil and the flesh—so we, through His grace, can be saved (see 2 Nephi 10:24–25).
The pleasing word of God that we share today shows us the need for continuous repentance in our lives so we can keep the influence of the Holy Ghost for as long as possible.
Having the companionship of the Spirit will make us better people. “It will whisper peace and joy to [our] souls, … it will take malice, hatred, envying, strife, and all evil from [our] hearts; and [our] whole desire will be to do good, bring forth righteousness, and build up the kingdom of God” (see Teachings: Joseph Smith, 98).
With the influence of the Holy Ghost, we will not be offended, nor will we offend others; we will feel happier, and our minds will be cleaner. Our love for others will increase. We will be more willing to forgive and spread happiness to those around us.
We will feel grateful to see how others progress, and we will seek the good in others.
It is my prayer that we may experience the joy that comes from striving to live in righteousness and that we may keep the companionship of the Holy Ghost in our lives through sincere and continuous repentance. We will become better people, and our families will be blessed. Of these principles I testify in the sacred name of Jesus Christ, amen.
If you are Disney, these are not the “Last Jedi” ratings you're looking for.
A Facebook page called Down With Disney's Treatment of Franchises and its Fanboys is claiming responsibility for tanking the Rotten Tomatoes audience score for the latest “Star Wars” film, alleging that it used bots in a concerted attack against the Rian Johnson-directed movie.
On Tuesday, we sent a direct message to the page, whose moderator responded almost immediately. He explained that he's upset with “Star Wars” producers for, “among other things,” introducing more female characters into the franchise's universe.
Throughout the course of our conversation, the self-identified member of the “alt-right” claimed that Poe Dameron (played by Oscar Isaac) is a “victim of the anti-mansplaining movement,” that Poe and Luke Skywalker (Mark Hamill) are in danger of being “turn[ed]” gay, and that men should be reinstated as rulers of “society.”
In case you've missed it, the latest installment in the “Star Wars” franchise has earned overwhelming praise from movie critics, including an impressive 93 percent on the popular review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, which prompted Fandango managing editor Erik Davis to exclaim that he's never seen a film earn a Certified Fresh stamp so quickly. (Fandango owns Rotten Tomatoes.)
Damn, #TheLastJedi just went Certified Fresh at @RottenTomatoes. I never see films go CF that fast. Go #StarWars! pic.twitter.com/atEJWZio6t — ErikDavis (@ErikDavis) December 12, 2017
But take a look at the screenshot below, captured Tuesday afternoon. The audience response ― a lukewarm 55 percent, with more than 118,000 users weighing in ― suggests a rather steep divide between critics' reactions and those of nonprofessional moviegoers.
Rotten Tomatoes
The discrepancy between the critic and audience ratings on Rotten Tomatoes has sparked chatter about a possible backlash among “Star Wars” fans. On Monday night, Vanity Fair published a breakdown of the beating the movie has taken in certain corners of the internet. Meanwhile, Polygon and other sites have reported that the Rotten Tomatoes rating is being tanked by bots and/or organized attacks from the anonymous message board 4chan.
Cue the Down With Disney Facebook page.
Spoiler alert: We'll be revealing some of the plot of “The Last Jedi” pretty soon.
The page moderator HuffPost spoke to, who did not provide his name, said he launched this supposed bot campaign to protest the way “The Last Jedi” diverges from the franchise's so-called Expanded Universe.
“There were supposed to be a trilogy of books and then some after set in the Legends canon. But [Lucasfilm executives] Kathleen Kennedy and Pablo Hidalgo wanted to pursue their own feminst [sic] agenda,” he wrote, adding later, “I was never going to like The Last Jedi anyway because [it] erases everything the EU ever did.”
The Expanded Universe, also known as Star Wars Legends, consists mostly of licensed supplemental material that takes the form of novels, comic books, video games and television series. If you're wondering how it connects to the big screen stories: In 2014, a Lucasfilm statement declared that “Star Wars” creator George Lucas “always made it clear that he was not beholden to the EU. He set the films he created as the canon.”
When pressed for specific complaints against “The Last Jedi,” the Down With Disney moderator expounded on his disdain for its “feminist agenda.”
“Regarding female heroes: Did you not see everything that came out of Ghostbusters? That is why,” he said. “I'm sick and tired of men being portrayed as idiots. There was a time we ruled society and I want to see that again. That is why I voted for Donald Trump.”
We asked him which of the men in “The Last Jedi” he deemed idiots. After all, we said, it was ― spoiler alert ― Luke who summoned the astral projection that let him appear before Kylo Ren in the third-act showdown, and it was Poe who figured out how to evacuate the mineral planet Crait in those crucial final moments.
All of these feelings and more apparently led the moderator and a “more technically literate” pal to deploy bots via Facebook that flooded Rotten Tomatoes with negative audience reviews about the franchise's newfound diversity and fresh plot lines. Here's a snippet of our conversation:
Facebook
He said they also tossed in some positive reviews so their “scent can be thrown off.” The unspecified program he claimed they used to create the bots wasn't “100% efficient,” and some of those reviews accidentally landed on the “Shape of Water” page instead. HuffPost confirmed that both positive and negative “Last Jedi” reviews appeared on the Rotten Tomatoes page for “The Shape of Water” and that they seem to have first appeared on the night of the “Last Jedi” release.
For example, a user named Kevin W gave “The Shape of Water” a half-star and said, “If you are a true fan of Star Wars. This is the worst movie ever in the Star Wars franchise. Thank you Disney for making an epic Saga for fucking two year olds. Where every two seconds there's a quip and a joke that is not Star Wars.”
A one-and-a-half-star review on “The Shape of Water” came from a no-name account: “To slow, unnessisary side story about a casino, WHO WAS SNOKE!!!!, and Rose is annoying.”
(To be clear: No, “The Shape of Water” doesn't reveal anything about Supreme Leader Snoke. And no, “unnessisary” is not a word.)
Rotten Tomatoes
If bot accounts did indeed attack the “Last Jedi” ratings, it's unknown what impact, if any, they actually had on the overall audience score. Not everyone who rated the movie poorly is an anti-feminist fanatic, of course. Either way, Rotten Tomatoes is dubious about Down With Disney's claims.
Rotten Tomatoes vice president Jeff Voris explained the company's theory to HuffPost: The Down With Disney moderator is retroactively finding “evidence” he can use to claim that he's responsible for the negative “Last Jedi” reviews.
“These things happen from time to time where somebody opportunistically seizes on a moment and says, ‘Oh, that thing? Yeah, I did that,'” Voris said.
Voris cites the “Star Wars” reviews that ended up on the “Shape of Water” page as an example of specious evidence that has been heavily discussed by other outlets (such as Bleeding Cool News) and could easily have been found by Down With Disney after the fact.
At Rotten Tomatoes, Voris said they believe the errant reviews on “The Shape of Water” are the result of user error. He walked us through it, noting that on the Rotten Tomatoes homepage, the top left column lists “Movies Opening This Week” and would've featured “The Last Jedi” last week. But a “Featured Movie” module loads after it, pushing that column down.
Here's the Rotten Tomatoes homepage before the module loads:
Rotten Tomatoes
And here's the Rotten Tomatoes homepage after the module loads:
Rotten Tomatoes
Rotten Tomatoes guesses that some people trying to review “The Last Jedi” accidentally clicked on “The Shape of Water.” Voris said there's a pattern of users who mistakenly left “Star Wars” reviews on “The Shape of Water” going back and leaving reviews on “The Last Jedi.” The site's tech team is working on a remedy for the confusion created by the moving module.
“We take it very seriously, and we've looked at this, and to the best of our investigation so far this looks like legitimate user behavior,” Voris said.
A separate Rotten Tomatoes representative told HuffPost, “As a course of regular business, we have a team of security, network, social, database experts who monitor all of our platforms and they haven't seen any unusual activity.”
The rep said that Rotten Tomatoes has taken a look at four different blockbusters ― “The Last Jedi,” “Justice League,” “The Force Awakens” and “Rogue One” ― and at the rating methods used by audiences, which include scoring a movie on the site via stars, writing reviews and voting on whether they want to see the movie. Compared to two of those films, there has been a clear uptick in users posting “Last Jedi” reviews, she said.
“It's more than what we saw for ‘Justice League,' more than what we saw for ‘Rogue One,' but it's pretty comparable to the number of reviews that we saw for ‘Force Awakens,'” the rep detailed.
She added, “There's nothing unusual in the behavior. I would say the only thing that we're seeing is people are really passionate and they're taking time to actually post reviews.”
Voris said there is often a hike in reviews for polarizing releases such as “Batman v. Superman” and other titles that get people “excited and fired up enough to write reviews.”
HuffPost also reached out to Change.org, where there's a petition calling on the Walt Disney Company to remove “The Last Jedi” from the “Star Wars” canon. It has seen a surge in signatures, with more than 35,000 as of Wednesday morning, despite its creator stepping away from the cause after receiving death threats.
“Episode VIII was a travesty,” the petition reads. “It completely destroyed the legacy of Luke Skywalker and the Jedi. It destroyed the very reasons most of us, as fans, liked Star Wars. This can be fixed. Just as you wiped out 30 years of stories, we ask you to wipe out one more, the Last Jedi. Remove it from canon, push back Episode IX and re-make Episode VIII properly to redeem Luke Skywalker's legacy, integrity, and character.”
Change.org sent HuffPost the following statement in response:
As a prominent open platform with more than 200 million users, we're occasionally targeted by sophisticated spam attacks. When we detect spamming activity, we work to cut off the source of the spam, remove all fraudulent signatures and restore the petition to its original state. (Our team checked to see if the petition you mentioned had been targeted by bots and it has not been.)
If Change.org is to be believed, it looks like some of the negativity around “The Last Jedi” is legitimate, even if 35,000 signatures is a mere drop in the bucket compared to the number of people seeing the film. The petition's creator, Henry Walsh, contacted HuffPost after we first published this article to say he personally is not affiliated with the alt-right.
“The issues people with this petition have has nothing to do with race, gender, or creed of anyone and has nothing to do with real-world political affiliations,” he wrote in an update published on Change.org. “The majority of people in this petition are here because they feel that the legacy of Star Wars was mishandled and didn't enjoy the film. Nothing more, or less.”
The user rating on Metacritic is also less than great: around 4.9 out of 10 (compared to an 86 Metascore culled from critics' reviews). But both the Rotten Tomatoes audience score and Metacritic user rating could be notable outliers. “The Last Jedi” has received an A from CinemaScore, which surveys moviegoers on opening night, as well as a five-star rating from crowds canvassed by ComScore. As Deadline notes, “These are scientific, statistically accumulated audience exit polls that studios can take to the bank, and which they rely upon to deconstruct various elements of a film's opening.” The movie also has a more favorable 7.8 out of 10 on IMDb and is Force-choking the box office, where it will soon cross $500 million worldwide.
It's hard to see the kind of online negativity propagated by Down With Disney ― particularly criticism that focuses on the inclusion of heroic women, the mere possibility of a queer character or the existence of an anti-mansplaining groundswell ― as a valid debate about the film's quality. Of course, there are plenty of articulate appraisals online, some stemming from certain fans' distaste for the script's humor or the fact that more of the mysteries raised in “The Force Awakens” weren't solved to their satisfaction. And that's fine. After all, we're talking about a 40-year-old franchise ― some people are bound to dislike certain parts.
But, all things considered, it's possible that the overall narrative about audience backlash has been overblown thanks to this ostensible “alt-right” bot bombing.
We do have to agree with at least one aspect of the negative reviews, though: “The Shape of Water” would make for a bewildering “Star Wars” movie.
SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australia will conduct an independent review into a blackout last week across South Australia state, although a meeting between state and federal energy ministers failed to resolve their differences over renewable energy targets.
David Brockwell walks between wind turbines during a routine inspection at the Infigen Energy wind farm located on the hills surrounding Lake George, north of the Australian capital city of Canberra, May 13, 2013. REUTERS/David Gray/File Photo
South Australia state, a major wine producer and traditional manufacturing hub, had no power last week for nearly 24 hours after a series of severe storms and lighting strikes.
But while energy officials agreed on Friday at an emergency meeting on the need for an independent review, political divisions over renewables targets still persisted.
“The Australian government would like to see greater harmonization of renewable targets, and I made that clear to the state energy ministers,” said Josh Frydenberg, Australia's federal energy minister.
Australia's Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull - leader of the country's ruling conservative government, which supports traditional coal and natural gas power generation - has blamed South Australia's high dependence on renewables for the outage.
Turnbull's assessment has drawn criticism from state leaders, who accused the prime minister of letting ideology drive his comments.
The federal government wants 23.5 percent of Australia's energy mix to come from renewables by 2020. Nearly all states, though, have set more ambitious renewables goals to cut carbon dioxide emissions from their power sectors.
Australia's government has sought to clarify Turnbull's comments about renewables, saying that because South Australia relies on intermittent renewables for 40 percent of its power, when those sources fall short there is not an alternative such as gas or coal to pick up the slack.
Gas-fired power generation has struggled to complete with cheaper-to-operate renewables, and that has led to up to 15 percent of Australia's natural gas power capacity being mothballed.
Besides looking at the role played by renewables in the power outage, the independent review will also examine measures supported by Australian power generators for increase the competitiveness of natural gas, Frydenberg said.
Ed Carpenter: CFH Racing could have four cars in Indy 500
Ed Carpenter has won the pole for the past two Indianapolis 500s; he could have three teammates at next year's race. (Photo: Jeff Zelevansky/Getty Images)
The recent merger of two small Verizon IndyCar Series teams could form a large presence at next year's Indianapolis 500, team co-owner Ed Carpenter said Wednesday.
Carpenter, who shares ownership of Indianapolis-based CFH Racing with Wink Hartman and Sarah Fisher, said there could be as many as four team cars – all with Chevrolet power -- on the grid next May at Indianapolis Motor Speedway. The team is committed to two full-time entries next season.
"We each ran two extra cars last year, so I don't think (four in all) is outside the realm of possibility," Carpenter said.
Carpenter will drive the No. 20 car on the oval tracks, including IMS, and Josef Newgarden will drive the No. 67 car. In last year's 500, Ed Carpenter Racing fielded an additional car for JR Hildebrand; Sarah Fisher Hartman Racing fielded an additional car for Alex Tagliani. Carpenter has won the 500's pole each of the past two years.
Carpenter said "for sure" there will be three CFH Racing entries in the 500, although the fourth might depend on the car count.
In announcing the partnership with Chevrolet, Carpenter sounded optimistic that road racing ace Mike Conway will return to the No. 20 car next season. Conway won two races for ECR in the recently completed season; Carpenter won another.
"(Conway) is a priority on the list," Carpenter said. "Hopefully by the end of the month (there will be resolution)."
NEWSLETTERS Get the IndyStar Motor Sports newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong The latest news in IndyCar and the world of motor sports. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-888-357-7827. Delivery: Sun - Fri Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for IndyStar Motor Sports Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Carpenter also said the Fuzzy's Ultra Premium Vodka sponsorship and green-and-white paint scheme would return to the No. 20 car.
SFHR was previously a Honda team.
Chevrolet IndyCar program manager Chris Berube declined to say when its 2015 testing of the new bodywork kits would commence nor would he say where the test would be held.
Read or Share this story: http://indy.st/1u8mbkP
Days after a scandal erupted over a federal agency's lavish spending on parties, fancy dinners, resort suites and rented tuxes, a music video has emerged by one of the agency's employees, mocking the spending.
The video was made for an employee talent contest for the General Services Administration's 2010 conference in Las Vegas, reported The Washington Post.
A report earlier this week showed the agency had spent $820,000 on the four-day, 300-person event, which included a $95-per-person dinner, $7,000 in sushi, $3,200 for a mind reader, $5,600 for in-room parties and $2,800 in water bottles, the Associated Press reported.
The spending, done at the height of the recession, prompted the resignation of a senior agency official and dismissal of two deputies. The GSA is a large agency that oversees office space and supplies and management duties.
The video, which surfaced Thursday, added more fuel to the scandal. It shows a GSA worker from Hawaii strumming a ukelele to the tune of Travie McCoy & Bruno Mars's “Billionaire.”
“Donate my vacation, love to the nation, I'll never be under OIG investigation,” the employee then raps.
The video won the GSA's talent contest and was showcased at the agency's awards ceremony at the Las Vegas conference, the Post reported.
He turned a passion for woodworking into Lee Valley Tools , a successful mail-order catalogue business that now includes 17 stores across Canada, catering to those who build furniture, love gardening or are just looking for quirky gifts.
Born in Wadena, Sask., during the Depression, Lee was raised in a log cabin with no running water or electricity, never forgetting his humble roots.
He leaves his wife Lorraine, sons Robin, 53, and James, 51, and their families.
Lee, 77, died last week of vascular dementia. The company he started part-time from his kitchen table always stayed with him. When he headed to the hospital in his final days, he took three items — a tape measure, gloves and a Lee Valley Tools ball cap.
He joined the public service, working in the trade and commerce division, for 14 years, but eventually left the federal government to create his own business.
Lee studied engineering at Royal Military College in Kingston, Ont., and Royal Roads Military College in Victoria, B.C., and later earned an economics degree from Queen's University.
“If you are a good person, can learn and have good judgment, you can do anything,” said son Robin in an interview from the Almonte, Ont., farm where his parents lived in retirement, looking at a barn that his father built from scratch.
When it came to hiring staff, he looked for honesty, a good work ethic and the ability to learn, not necessarily fancy degrees and big resumes.
It permeated his decision-making in business, always focused on integrity.
But Robin believes his father had the opportunity to interact with other entrepreneurs in his government job, and wanted a chance to try it himself.
New reports suggested Lee was frustrated by the bureaucratic nature of government — pointing to battle over reimbursement for a $600 bill to buy clothes for member of a Japanese trade delegation whose luggage had been lost.
The family started out selling cast-iron stove kits — boxes weighing 30 kilograms, moved into woodworking tools and eventually bought a machine shop business to manufacture their own products.
The business has evolved over the years — where customers can still order from a print catalogue that is mailed, or online, or in person shopping at retail outlets. The company believes retail is any contact with customers.
The stores seem to be a throwback to another time — with small paper and pencils on clipboards to write down codes, where a staffer will find the item in the back.
“Tools that are wielded with purpose and intent perform better. That's really what we're about,” said Robin. “It's really easy to sell anything. It's a lot more difficult to keep somebody's trust over a long period of time.
“Dad was always brilliant where it came to products, but I feel his brilliance is the culture he has created for the business,” he said.
Lee Valley Tools has a flat organizational structure, where employees often work their way up through the ranks, where the top executive makes no more than 10 times the lowest paid employee.
According to data compiled by Bloomberg last year, it showed some U.S. companies have pay-gap ratios in the triple digits, sometimes exceeding 600.
Lee Valley's profit-sharing program ensures that all employees have a stake in the company, where 25 per cent of pre-tax profits are evenly split. After two years of employment, all staff, regardless of seniority or title receives the same equal share.
“In great years, there was a great profit share, and in modest years, there was modest profit share,” said Jason Tasse, chief operating officer, who started as a seasonal employee picking and packing items at the Ottawa warehouse.
Tasse was working his way through Carleton University with hopes of a career in policing, when he landed at Lee Valley, where he has stayed for more than two decades.
“A big part of the reason I stayed is the personal connection. It is Mr. Lee,” said Tasse, noting “absolutely everyone refers to him as Mr. Lee.”
When the company was designing new headquarters in Nepean, “he took the room with the greatest view and made it the cafeteria, so the greatest number of people could enjoy it,” Tasse said. “And he insisted on a healthy subsidized, good quality lunch.”
Sheldon Ehrenworth, a friend from Lee's days in government, said he was too smart and too capable to stay in government.
“He was my closest confidant. I would go to him for advice, and whenever I got into trouble, I would ask ‘What do I do?' Tell the truth was always the advice.”
Those were principles Lee lived by, Ehrenworth said, pointing to a class-action lawsuit Lee filed against Canada Post over a policy where commercial shippers were charged if their calculations were under, but didn't receive credit for any overpayments.
The settlement totalled $5.05 million shared by nearly 55,000 commercial customers — with the post office moving to change its practices.
“If you had the ability to fight something that was unjust, you had to,” said Robin said of his father's philosophy. “It was the right thing to do.”
And Leonard Lee always urged people to follow their passion, not necessarily following the money, though he conceded that young graduates might need to find the big salary to pay off student loans.
“I hope you'll reform afterward, and just do work that you can be excited about,” he said during a 2011 convocation speech at the University of Ottawa when he received an honorary degree.
“If you do work you love, it's much easier to excel than it is if you are working primarily for money. It is also easier to be more creative,” he said.
He often spoke of corporate culture, shaping one that ensures employees are treated fairly with authority to match their responsibility such as Lee Valley's policy that gives staff the power to refund a product for any reason they feel is fair.
“If you live your principles in your business, it will be a good business,” Leonard Lee said.
Not just Lee Valley
Given his curious nature, Leonard Lee often branched off other companies. Some of this other endeavours:
Veritas Tools
This company, housed at Lee Valley Tools headquarters in Ottawa, is the heart of research and development for new products as well as actual manufacturing of Lee Valley's goods.
“Dad was ‎a big believer of manufacturing as a strong foundation for a healthy economy,” said Robin Lee, president and CEO of the company, which has 130 employees. “Canada has always been traditionally hewers of wood and haulers of water, but we can manufacture with the best of them.”
Algrove Publishing
When Leonard Lee discovered it was hard to find some out-of print woodworking publications, he started a publishing company to make them available.
He had accumulated a reference library of old books on a variety of technical and general subjects. In recent years, the company has run into some challenges with changes to U.S. copyright law. It continues to publish.
Canica Design
When a doctor came to Lee, asking him about how to prevent rust on a woodcarving knife that he had adapted into a scalpel, Lee saw potential in the medical-tool business.
He formed Canica Design, setting up shop on Mill St. in Almonte, Ont., near the family farm. Canica successfully developed tools for use in cleft palate surgery on newborns, and stabilizing tools to keep incisions open during surgery, but it was not financially successful.
It was eventually sold to Barrie, Ont.-based Southmedic, which continues to make the products. “It was one of the things he was most proud of and disappointed by,” said Robin, noting barriers in the medical procurement system were difficult to overcome.
L.G. Lee & Sons
When Leonard Lee was heading into full-time retirement after the sale of Canica Design, his sons Robin and James opened a small, country-style business in Almonte.
The space at 36 Mill St. was like a return to Lee's small-town Saskatchewan farming roots, when trips to the old hardware store in Archerwill, Sask., played an influential part of his early life.
Robin said his father would regularly drop into the store to check on things and chat with customers, visiting as recently as last December.
Public Policy Forum
When Sheldon Ehrenworth founded the Public Policy Forum back in the 1980s, he quickly asked Leonard Lee, a friend from their days in government, to sign on.
The non-profit is dedicated to finding ways to make government more effective, and Lee quickly agreed to join the board and held the position of treasurer for about a decade.
Although the board was filled with the country's movers and shakers, including top business leaders and senior politicians, Ehrenworth said people were often most impressed by Lee.
“Invariably, it would be, ‘Leonard Lee is on your board? You know Leonard Lee?' ” he said.
Islamic State militants have killed 175 workers who were captured at a cement factory situated to the east of Damascus, Sputnik Arabic reported, citing its sources.
Reuters had earlier cited the Syrian military as saying that 175 workers from the Badiyah cement factory had been killed by Islamic State (IS, formerly ISIS/ISIL) militants.
However, the agency retracted its report shortly afterwards, saying that the sourcing on the story “was misattributed” and the report is “unconfirmed.”
Sputnik Arabic's sources said at least 75 plant workers managed to escape during the IS attack, while 175 others were reportedly killed.
On Thursday, Syrian SANA news agency reported a source in the Ministry of Industry who said that more than 300 Syrian civilians were missing following an Islamic State (IS, formerly ISIS/ISIL) attack on the Badiyah cement factory located outside Dmeir, about 50km to the east of the capital Damascus.
"The company has informed the officials that over 300 workers and contractors have been kidnapped by Islamic State militant group," the military source told the agency.
#ISIS kidnaps over 300 Syrian civilians after attacking factory near Damascus https://t.co/VZdd7JGckbpic.twitter.com/gL1qnkaVcN — RT (@RT_com) April 8, 2016
A factory administrator told AFP that the factory workers have been unreachable since Monday.
"We haven't been able to reach our family members since noon on Monday after an attack by Daesh [Arabic pejorative term for IS] on the factory. We have no information about where they are," a resident of the town of Dmeir said on Thursday.
STEVENS PASS, Wash. -- The paltry snowpack at Stevens Pass this winter is now officially melted out.
While there is still a dusting of snow around some parts of the pass area, the measuring station there measured less than 2 inches of snow water equivalent on the ground Tuesday -- the official definition of when the snowpack is considered melted out, according to University of Washington research meteorologist Mark Albright.
Albright says April 28 is the earliest date for this to happen since the statistic began being tracked in 1981. The previous earliest meltout was May 1, 2005.
The mean date for meltout is June 2, but the last four years have been much later than that, with the snow hanging on until June 6 last year, and just as recent as 2011 we set the record for latest meltout at July 1.
The news was no better for Snoqualmie Pass, which just obliterated its record for least amount of snow in a single season. The WSDOT says the pass had 104 total inches of snow this past winter, nearly half of the previous record low of 191 inches in the winter of 1976-77 and less snow than Boston had this winter! (110.6 inches.) Snoqualmie Pass averages 433 inches of seasonal snow.
The pass just had 34 days of measurable snow, of which only 10 days had 4 or more inches in a day.
It's all a result of the continued warm weather pattern the Northwest has seen now for over a year. April is just about to go down as the 14th consecutive month with above average temperatures in Western Washington. Three of the past five months have been the warmest on record in the Seattle area.
Now that the snow is essentially gone in the lower pass levels, concern turns to the wildfire season. While it has been a warm winter, we have had fairly normal amounts of precipitation (as in, lots of rain, just not falling as snow). But long range forecast suggest we'll have a drier than normal late spring and into early summer.
