2014: The Erosion of Democracy and Accountability
By Ann-Marie de Veer Saturday 27 December 2014
The year 2014 began in the wake of seven months of revelations sourced by the whistleblower Edward Snowden who had exposed the illegal mass surveillance of the Worlds' public by ECHELON, a global signals intelligence (SIGINT) network operated by Australia, Canada, New Zealand, the United Kingdom (UK) and the United States (US). The information that was subsequently released by numerous media outlets throughout the World identified the UK's Government Communications Headquarters (GCHQ) and the US's National Security Agency (NSA) as the rogue agencies primarily responsible for the illegal intrusion into the private lives of the people.
Seven weeks earlier, on 7 November 2013, the UK's Intelligence and Security Committee (ISC) of Parliament had held its first ever public hearing into the issues raised by the reports. The 90 minute charade that ensued was clearly intended to both mislead and placate the general public as an analysis of the event demonstrates. Over in the US, on 17 January 2014, while the CongressionalIntelligence Committee (CIC), which includes members of the Senate and the House of Representatives, were continuing with their combative stance on the debacle, Obama launched into a verbose dictum offering a recipe of non-change change:
The Facade of Representative Parliamentary Democratic Accountability
Nostalgia, Deceit and Lies: The Tradecraft of Obama
Result: Neither the UK, nor the US, have curtailed their illegal mass surveillance of the public or been held to account for their actions: in fact, both GCHQ and the NSA have gone on to legalise and expand their activities respectively.
Across the English Channel, in July and August of 2013, the Merkel regime in Germany were busy trying to bury a story that had appeared in the local media in which their complicity in the mass surveillance of the German public was clear. Pofalla, the head of the Bundestag's Chancellery at that time, rebuffed the accusations claiming that the German SIGINT service, theBundesnachrichtendienst (BND), were merely using the XKEYSCORE programme for testing purposes only. However, Pofalla's resignation in December 2013 and the subsequent release of Bundestag documents revealed that the BND and the NSA were in bed together. Not soon after, on 17 February In Australia, the Abbott regime were also busy refuting the activities of its SIGINT agency, theAustralian Signals Directorate (ASD), who, in cooperation with the Australian Secret Intelligence Service] (ASIS), had conducted intelligence operations against Timor Leste for the sole purpose of defrauding it of its mineral assets:
In Flagrante Delicto: The BND and the NSA
Australia: A Thief By Any Other Name Would Be As Villainous
Result: Neither the German regime, for its mass surveillance of its people, nor the Australian regime, for its use of SIGINT for commercial purposes, have been held to account for their actions.
As the year progressed, up in Scotland, we began to see evidence of just how far the English security services, and its willing accomplices, were prepared to go to ensure that the Scott's did not secede from the UK in the September referendum on independence. Over in Central and Southern Asia it became clear that the Western Industrial Military Complex was winding down its operations in Afghanistan and had moved on to a new target in Eastern Europe, Ukraine. The subsequent use of subversion, insurgency and state sponsored terrorism bore all the hallmarks of Western neocolonialism, including the collateral damage:
MI5 Subversion of State Power in Scotland
MH17 Collateral Damage in Botched False Flag Operation
Result: As expected, democracy was successfully subverted in Scotland by the English while over in Ukraine, its Air Force, under the direction of their Western neocolonial masters, murdered 298 innocent people aboard Flight MH17.
Thus, the European Theatre of Operations was beginning to warm up and thereby justify the existence of NATO who were about to become an irrelevance. Not long after, the US, the UK and a coalition of warmongers found themselves busy with a foe in the middle-east, the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), a group of insurgents they had created to oust the al-Assad government in Syria as part of their Arab Spring wave of revolutions to divide and conquer the region. A little further to the west in Libya, North Africa, an earlier element of that wave of destabilisation which included the insurgency, subversion and coup d'état of the Gaddafi government was also beginning to unravel:
Obama Entraps Coalition Partners in Operation Inherent Resolve
Khalifa Haftar: The West's Power Broker in Libya
Result: The US, the UK, and the myriad of subservient and sycophantic regimes supporting them are, once again, back in the middle-east creating the demand for armaments and weapons that the Western Industrial Military Complex needs for its survival.
The fact that these events, like many others that have occurred throughout the year, are the result of policies pursued by Western nations, in particular, is quite telling. What is also telling is the inability of the majority of the public, who do not approve of these policies, to hold their governments to account: the people have become completely powerless in the face of a growing plutocracy who are led by autocratic despots.
As Plato once said:
Dictatorship naturally arises out of democracy, and the most aggravated form of tyranny and slavery out of the most extreme liberty.
That the people of Europe, North America, and other Western nations have endured yet another year of diminishing democratic rights coupled with an inability to hold the powerful to account is not in question. The question is whether the erosion of democracy and a lack of accountability will continue in 2015 or can the people prevail.
The prognosis does not look good.
ENDS
© Scoop Media
Donald Trump tested out a new line of attack against rival Hillary Clinton this week, arguing that she is physically unfit for the commander-in-chief role.
At a Monday rally in Ohio, Trump -- who, at 70 years old, is nearly two years Clinton's senior -- painted her as a candidate who “lacks the mental and physical stamina to take on ISIS and all of the many adversaries we face.”
And he's questioned her mental fitness before: Earlier this month at a New Hampshire campaign event, Trump called her a “totally unhinged person” and “unbalanced,” all while parroting back Clinton's claim that she “short-circuited” while answering questions at a journalism conference.
Conservative media outlets have only bolstered Trump's claims with their coverage, disseminating photos online of Clinton's purported medical records originally published by a now-deleted Twitter account.
The medical documents, which were purported to be from Clinton's physician, said she showed signs of “advancing Subcortical Vascular Dementia” and “frequent Complex Partial Seizures.” It said she complained of “blacking out for short periods of time” and had suffered from “uncontrollable twitching.” A brain scan image circulating online also professed to show there was an abnormality in Clinton's brain tissue.
One problem: The documents were all fake. And according to the Democratic nominee's physician, Clinton is healthy enough to occupy the Oval Office.
In a report Tuesday, FactCheck.org examined the screenshots of the alleged medical records and confirmed with Clinton's doctor, Dr. Lisa Bardack, that they were “false, were not written by me and are not based on any medical facts.” In a statement, Bardack added that the candidate is “in excellent health and fit to serve as President of the United States.”
The fact checking outlet also noticed a few other inconsistencies in the documents that supposedly came from Bardack's office. For one, Bardack's title was incorrect at the top of the fake letterhead.
Clinton discusses email controversy in attempt to regain public trust
Bardack, the director of internal medicine at Mount Sinai Health System at CareMount Medical, released a public letter evaluating Clinton's health in July 2015.
The letter outlined various ailments Clinton had suffered in the past, including a concussion in 2012.
“As a result of the concussion, Mrs. Clinton also experienced double vision for a period of time and benefitted from wearing glasses with a Fresnel Prism,” Bardack wrote. “Her concussion symptoms, including the double vision, resolved within two months.”
In that letter, Bardack also noted that Clinton was advised to take blood thinning anticoagulation medicine to address her deep vein thrombosis. Clinton takes other medications to address her hypothyroidism, a common condition especially among older adults.
Overall, Bardack said last year, Clinton “is a healthy 67-year-old female” with a “healthy” lifestyle -- not, as some conservative outlets would claim, a woman who suffers from advancing dementia or partial seizures.
Civic polls are usually deglamourised poor cousins of general elections, Assembly polls or even the odd bypolls. Usually fought on ultra-local issues, these polls hardly capture headlines except reinforcing the writ of the ruling parties. Yet, the West Bengal municipal elections, the results for which were declared on Wednesday, carry a ported deeper than what meets the eye.
At the state level, the victory of All India Trinamool Congress confirms the party's hegemony, signals the breaking of "hill barrier", portrays the Left and Congress as inconsequential forces and lays the roadmap for a still-nascent BJP. More importantly, at the national level, it provides the beleaguered opposition parties with a platform to take on BJP's pan-Indian dominance.
One of the curious natures of democracy — at least in the subcontinent — is how it defines the relationship between the political and the moral. Political authority provides moral validation. So, we find that leaders facing massive corruption allegations or charges of criminality — even if convicted and sentenced — refer frequently to the larger "people's court" while fighting elections. They are aware that a win at the electoral hustings would be good enough to wash away the taint.
In other words, political victories ipso facto provide moral justification for the wins. Once that happens, pending charges or a past criminal record are no longer a hindrance to public life. Morality ceases to be of any consequence to the victor or members of the party which he/she helms. What happens though when the situation is reversed? Interestingly, the question of morality resurfaces. All the questions of probity in public life are posed anew. Things can go quickly south if reverses fit into a pattern.
This is the context in which we must place the BJP vs the opposition binary in national politics. Repeated electoral reverses have robbed Congress of the moral immunity. As more and more skeletons tumble out of its closet, India's grand old party is finding it difficult to fight back. This downward curve has affected its allies in equal measure.
Lalu Prasad Yadav, who was the toast of the opposition parties by stopping the BJP juggernaut, sought to relegate his past criminality into dustbins of history. Though Lalu hasn't lost any election since the Bihar Assembly election in 2015, a combination of BJP's relentless march, "third front" partners Congress or Samajwadi Party's miserable performances and recent court judgements on the fodder scam have robbed him of the smugness. Multiple income-tax raids on his properties, allegedly linked to him, have added to the discomfort.
The picture that emerges is one of an opposition-in-disarray, concerned more with its own survival than mounting a worthwhile political challenge to BJP's hegemony. This is where Mamata Banerjee's domination carries a deeper significance. The West Bengal chief minister has promised to "uproot BJP from Delhi" for having the audacity to throw a challenge at her. Hidden in the rhetoric is the supreme confidence Mamata has in her abilities to protect her backyard from an aggressive BJP's advances.
The scale of TMC's victory in West Bengal mirrors BJP's pan-Indian domination. TMC bagged four out of seven municipalities that went to polls. Crucially, it has opened an account in the hills (albeit via an alliance with Gorkha National Liberation Front), a feat which eluded even the Left Front during its 34-year rule in the state. TMC not only bagged the Mirik Notified Area winning six out of nine wards, it also significantly increased its vote share in the other hill civic bodies (Kurseong, Kalimpong and Darjeeling) that expectedly went to Bimal Gurung's Gorkha Janmukti Morcha that has tied up with BJP.
In the plains, it was all TMC. The party swept the three civic bodies of Domkol, Raiganj and Pujali. The extent of the opposition parties' decimation can be gauged from the fact that the Left Front and Congress, which entered into an unofficial seat adjustment, won "royal" four wards out of the total 64. The BJP won three — two wards in Pujali and one in Raiganj.
Bear in mind that Raiganj in North Dinajpur district and Domkol in Murshidabad were the last few pockets where Congress still had some influence. There is not a shadow of doubt that TMC didn't play fair. The three civic bodies in the plains witnessed large-scale violence. Voters were terrorised, rival polling officers were thrashed and the media took a beating as alleged TMC goons sprayed bullets and lobbed crude bombs. The police resembled the picture postcards of 80s Bollywood cinema.
The opposition — Left, Congress and BJP — laid siege at the State Election Commissioner's door and Congress petitioned the High Court urging for repoll in the three areas. There was no relief forthcoming either from the SEC or the HC, which on Wednesday threw out Congress's petition. Where muscle didn't succeed, carrots did. Two Congress candidates in Domkal joined TMC immediately after emerging victorious. Mamata seemed to have taken a leaf out of Chanakya's saam, daam, dand, bhed to achieve total domination.
Violence and polls are almost synonymous in West Bengal. In some ways, Mamata has taken the Left model and improved upon it. The TMC is now a mean election fighting machine. This is where the BJP's biggest challenge lies. At a national level, Mamata may now attempt a coalition of opposition forces and take the lead in defining its strategies. Electoral victories have washed away the taint of Saradha and Narada scams and conferred upon Mamata a political and moral ascendancy that she will look to exploit to the hilt.
At the state level, the BJP must calibrate its strategy. An Amit Shah luncheon with a Dalit family is unlikely to bring large-scale electoral benefits for BJP when its rival is so agile, mutative and resilient.
The BJP has thrown a fair challenge at Mamata's crude social engineering but for that to translate into electoral dividends will require a more sober assessment and recalibration of targets. The tall talks of ousting Mamata by 2021 are meaningless. It is not enough to attempt a larger coalition of Hindu votes. For it to take shape, the BJP must invest in a local and grassroots-level leader who may challenge Mamata's mass appeal.
Many in the opposition saw 2014 as the crest of BJP's political fortunes. Narendra Modi and Amit Shah showed that it was just the beginning. In Mamata, however, the BJP has run into an opponent who has the political capital, resolve and the agility to play a long game. The civic polls' results have provided another confirmation.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
February 15, 2012
GREENSBORO, N.C.--On February 7, the Greensboro City Council voted to support a resolution opposing an anti-LGBT amendment that Republicans and Democrats agreed to put on the May primary ballot.
While same-sex marriage is already illegal in North Carolina, state legislators wanted to take the level of discrimination experienced by LGBT people to another level by passing an amendment to the state constitution declaring that the only legally recognized relationship is that of marriage between one man and one woman.
The measure would strip same-sex couples (and also heterosexual couples who are not married) of their right to receive benefits from state and city employers. Many cities in North Carolina, including Greensboro, extend employee benefits to domestic partners in a long-term relationship, but legal scholars agree that Amendment 1 would become a basis for ending this extension.
This and the other devastating effects of the law have fueled a large opposition to the amendment.
Grassroots coalitions that have been organizing to have North Carolinians vote against the bigoted measure won a victory on February 7 with the passage of the Greensboro City Council resolution--the first such resolution passed in a city in North Carolina. Activists hope the success of the effort in Greensboro will encourage other cities to pass similar resolutions.
Perhaps even more important than the political effect of the resolution was the confidence activists gained building for and participating in the City Council meeting. We outnumbered the homophobic Amendment 1 supporters--who during the meeting referred to LGBT people as "perverted" and "sinful"--by a margin of 15 to 1, packing the meeting with a multiracial coalition that more accurately represented the city. Approximately 50 people spoke in favor of the resolution opposing Amendment 1. Only a handful spoke against.
Of the nine-member council, seven voted in favor of the resolution opposing Amendment 1, one abstained (though because of City Council rules, her vote was counted as an automatic "yes") and another voted to support Amendment 1 (the same council member also tried to postpone the vote on the resolution to prevent activists from taking over the public hearing).
Actions are continuing to build opposition to the amendment. On Valentine's Day, All of Us NC and the Are Campaign are hosting community events. The Greensboro International Socialist Organization is hosting a meeting on February 23 called "LGBT Rights are Human Rights" that will trace the radical legacy of LGBT activism. Major panel meetings are planned in Winston-Salem and Greensboro.
Activists feel we can win this fight--that we can make this North Carolina's "Mississippi moment," and that we can then take this fight on the offensive.
With the aid of unidentified White House officials quoted in the U.S. news media, portraying him as recognizing the import of the revolt early and urging Mr. Mubarak to do the same, Mr. Obama has received pretty much of a pass in recent days from the news media and analysts.
Mrs. Clinton has not. From a strong start in mid-January, Mrs. Clinton seemed to wobble as the Cairo revolt that began on Jan. 25 gathered momentum and became the centerpiece of world attention.
On Jan. 13, Mrs. Clinton warned the Arab states that they risked “sinking in the sand” if they didn't institute political and economic changes quickly. She was speaking at a conference of Middle East diplomats and business leaders in Doha, in the Gulf state of Qatar.
“Those who cling to the status quo may be able to hold back the full impact of their countries' problems for a little while,” she said, “but not forever.”
She emphasized that growing youth populations in Arab nations were clamoring for freedom and economic opportunities and that to deny them those demands would risk having them turn to extremists and terrorists.
A day later, the longtime ruler of Tunisia, Zine el-Abidine Ben Ali, was ousted in a popular revolt. Less than a month later, an 18-day uprising toppled Mr. Mubarak.
Looking back, Mrs. Clinton's words in Qatar stand as her boldest moment in a period that has tested U.S. policy in the Arab world to its limits.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The unraveling of Mr. Mubarak's rule, a spectacle televised around the world day and night, presented Mrs. Clinton the opportunity to expand on her statements in Qatar.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Instead, she early in the revolt characterized Mr. Mubarak's government as “stable.” (Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. did her one better, proclaiming that Mr. Mubarak was not a dictator).
Next, she had to move quickly behind Frank G. Wisner, the veteran diplomat and former ambassador to Egypt whom Mrs. Clinton reportedly suggested for the role of Mr. Obama's special envoy to Cairo. Mr. Wisner, after carrying a message to Mr. Mubarak to hasten the transition to democracy, said in Munich that the dictator was essential to the transition.
Mrs. Clinton told reporters at the same Munich security conference that those views did not reflect the administration's position, but she did reiterate her emphasis on the need to have an “orderly transition” in Egypt.
Mrs. Clinton, an ardent advocate of women's rights and equally sure just in mid-January about the demands of Arab youth, seemed suddenly less certain.
The president, too, changed course at least twice — speaking himself or through Mrs. Clinton. In the end, the administration left the protesters and their supporters disappointed and confused.
“The White House waited, watched, danced and shuffled,” Aaron David Miller, a foreign policy specialist, wrote in the journal Foreign Policy on Feb. 12. An expert on Arab-Israel affairs, he cited the conflict between moral values and strategic interests that the Obama administration had to balance.
Last week, during what became the happy finale at Tahrir Square, Mrs. Clinton was said to be reassuring rulers and officials around the Middle East that a post-Mubarak Egypt would not pose a danger to them.
But mostly she dropped from public view, leaving foreign policy pundits to debate whether she had been weakened.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“She did pretty well, walking a tightrope,” Steve Clemons, a Middle East specialist with the New America Foundation in Washington, said by telephone. She allied herself with the more conservative Pentagon thinking, Mr. Clemons said, thus emerging at odds with dovish White House advisers who sought full-fledged support of the demonstrators. “You need both messages,” Mr. Clemons said.
According to The New York Times, whose global edition is the International Herald Tribune, those White House foreign policy advisers who pressed Mr. Obama to come out front and center for the revolution, rather than adopt the pace favored by Mrs. Clinton and the Pentagon, included Samantha Power, a Pulitzer Prize winner and human rights activist who during the 2008 presidential campaign referred to Mrs. Clinton as a monster.
This time, Ms. Power remained in the background. Others in the dovish but publicly quiet White House circle included Denis McDonough, the deputy national security adviser, and Benjamin J. Rhodes, who wrote Mr. Obama's address to the Islamic nations in Cairo in 2009.
Two days after Mr. Mubarak's fall, David Brooks, commentator and columnist for The New York Times, was asked on “Meet the Press” for his views on how the Obama administration performed during the revolt. “I don't think Hillary Clinton handled this situation well,” he said. No one contradicted him, although final judgment doubtless awaits many more chapters in the extraordinary story of Egypt's uprising.
Dr. Handelsman was the senior author of an article reporting the findings, published online on Monday by Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Nancy Hopkins, a professor of biology at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology who has long talked about continuing barriers to women in science, described the study as “enormously important.”
Dr. Hopkins said that small slights, accumulated over the course of a career, slowed many women of science. “They don't have the confidence level to get to the top,” she said. “They're getting undercut.”
She added, “People tend to think that the problem has gone away, but alas, it hasn't.”
Discussions of gender bias in science and mathematics have long been complicated by a host of factors — including whether women receive preferential treatment through affirmative action or whether innate differences indeed exist between men and women.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
To avoid such complications, the Yale researchers sought to design the simplest study possible. They contacted professors in the biology, chemistry and physics departments at six major research universities — three private and three public, unnamed in the study — and asked them to evaluate, as part of a study, an application from a recent graduate seeking a position as a laboratory manager.
All of the professors received the same one-page summary, which portrayed the applicant as promising but not stellar. But in half of the descriptions, the mythical applicant was named John and in half the applicant was named Jennifer.
About 30 percent of the professors, 127 in all, responded. (They were asked not to discuss the study with colleagues, limiting the chance that they would compare notes and realize its purpose.)
On a scale of 1 to 7, with 7 being highest, professors gave John an average score of 4 for competence and Jennifer 3.3. John was also seen more favorably as someone they might hire for their laboratories or would be willing to mentor.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The average starting salary offered to Jennifer was $26,508. To John it was $30,328.
The bias had no relation to the professors' age, sex, teaching field or tenure status. “There's not even a hint of a difference there,” said Corinne Moss-Racusin, a postdoctoral social psychology researcher who was the lead author of the paper.
Dr. Handelsman said previous studies had shown similar subconscious bias in other occupations. But when she discussed the concerns with other scientists, many responded that scientists would rise above it because they were trained to analyze objective data rationally.
“I began to, on the one hand, wonder, ‘Well, perhaps that's true: maybe people who are trained to be objective to have some way of ferreting these out,' ” she said. “But on the other hand, if scientists were no different from all the other groups that have been studied, that's something that we should know.”
Lauren La Rose, The Canadian Press
TORONTO -- CTV's long-running "Canada AM" will be replaced with a new show that offers a "contemporary twist" to morning TV, the network said Monday in announcing "eTalk"'s Ben Mulroney and former CBC News anchor Anne-Marie Mediwake will co-host "Your Morning" later this summer.
Joining them will be Melissa Grelo of CTV's daytime talk show "The Social" as late morning anchor, Lindsey Deluce of Toronto's "CP24 Breakfast" as news anchor, and Kelsey McEwen of "CTV Morning Live Calgary" as weather anchor.
While viewers were shocked by last week's sudden announcement that "Canada AM" was ending its 43-season run, hosts Beverly Thomson, Marci Ien and Jeff Hutcheson had known about the looming change "for a period of time," said Randy Lennox, president of entertainment production and broadcasting for Bell Media.
"We are not the type of organization that would do that to people that we respect, such as our hosts and staff of 'Canada AM,"' Lennox said in a phone interview.
"Our hosts were the ones that made the decision to have one final episode rather than, for example ... a weeklong celebration."
When asked why CTV didn't publicly disclose that the "Canada AM" team didn't want an extended goodbye, Lennox said he had to "respect the wishes" of those affected.
"I would be remiss to tell people what to do," said Lennox. "I'm a listener, and I listened to what they felt was appropriate for an elegant transition, and then we conducted ourselves accordingly."
Lennox said CTV plans to "pay respect and homage" to "Canada AM" with the new program, while adding that "lots of surprises" are planned for "Your Morning."
"Hopefully, we'll find this to be a great morning show with a very contemporary twist."
Both Mulroney and Mediwake come with past morning show experience. Mulroney previously appeared on ABC's "Good Morning America" and "Canada AM," while Mediwake had early morning stints anchoring at Global and CBC.
Mulroney said one of the aspects he loves most about the morning show format is how the programs act as a central hub for a variety of news.
"You'll hear about sports and news and entertainment and the biggest story that's gripping the world, or some Internet oddity -- and I have a real interest in all of those things," he said.
Mediwake recalled having aspirations for a daytime TV gig after seeing former "Canada AM" hosts Valerie Pringle and Dan Matheson on-air.
"I used to think: 'If I could ever get a job in television, that would be the kind of job I would want to do, where you can interview headline-makers but also be a part of live events,"' she said.
"I have a huge respect for what ('Canada AM') not only meant to Canada, but what it meant to me as well; and I bring that respect with me into doing 'Your Morning."'
Mulroney acknowledged that there will be a "mourning process" for "Canada AM" fans, but hoped viewers would tune into the new telecast.
"There's a deep, deep connection between morning show hosts and their audience, and there were none deeper than that of the 'Canada AM' team and their viewers," he said.
"I think every day we're going to try to celebrate the legacy of CTV's history in the morning, and we're going to try to build on that. So I hope people give us a chance."
Mulroney and Grelo will continue their respective roles on "eTalk" and "The Social," while Deluce and McEwen will continue their current roles through the end of the month.
The new live three-hour telecast will be broadcast from Bell Media's downtown broadcast centre in Toronto, and will air weekday mornings on CTV in Ontario, Quebec and Eastern Canada and nationally on CTV News Channel. Locally produced morning programs will be aired on CTV in the rest of the country.
It's never too early for Washington, D.C., politicians to dampen the holiday spirit. The House Agriculture Committee approved an amendment to its farm bill that would lift the stay blocking implementation of President Obama's Christmas tree tax. We should be thankful the Agriculture Committee doesn't have jurisdiction over toys.
The Christmas Tree Tax
Some in the Christmas tree industry sought to develop a promotional program to assist its industry. After three failed attempts to set up a voluntary system, they turned to the federal government to do what it couldn't: Force Christmas tree producers and importers to pay for a Christmas tree promotion program.
On November 8, 2011, the Obama Administration issued a final rule that approved a new program to help promote Christmas trees. The government would set up a Christmas Tree Promotion Board, with one of its goals being “to enhance the image of Christmas trees and the Christmas tree industry in the United States.” It isn't clear why Christmas trees need help with their pristine and festive image—unless they are hiding something.
The new program would include a 15 cent “assessment” on fresh cut Christmas trees, which could eventually rise to 20 cents per tree. After significant backlash, in large part due to the efforts of The Heritage Foundation, the Obama Administration backed away from imposing this tax. On November 17, 2011, the Administration issued a stay of this tax.
This Is a Tax
There are many Christmas tree producers and importers that don't want this new tax. Based on the comments received by the Department of Agriculture regarding the program, about 26 percent of the commenters opposed it. If producers and importers oppose the tax, they will still have no choice but to pay it.
Once an “assessment” is no longer voluntary and is enforced by the government, it's a tax. The Christmas tree industry failed with its voluntary system and now has to use force to achieve its objectives.
The entire purpose of this program is for the Christmas tree industry to get the “troublemakers” into line. Unlike in a voluntary and private arrangement, the Christmas tree industry now has the government doing its dirty work by getting the government to enforce the tax and punish those who fail to comply.
This is also a tax on consumers. The new costs will be passed down to those who buy Christmas trees. The National Christmas Tree Association has claimed the extra costs wouldn't be passed on to consumers. Maybe they were just in the Christmas spirit when they said this or had too much eggnog, but businesses don't usually eat costs for no reason, especially businesses like Christmas tree producers who think they need government help to improve their bottom line.
A 15-cent tax may not seem like much. However, taxes are a death by a thousand cuts. One of those cuts shouldn't come from the Christmas tree. One way to actually hurt the image of the Christmas tree is to make it a symbol of taxation during the holiday season.
What Should the House Do Next?
The House should make it a priority to repeal the Christmas tree tax if the farm bill is debated on the floor. While they're at it, they should repeal similar programs that impose taxes on commodities. Businesses shouldn't be forced to pay taxes against their will just because other businesses in their industry, likely businesses much bigger than them, are using the federal government to be their own taxman. Even the Grinch would disapprove of such policies.
>>> READ MORE: Harry Reid's Ploy to Plow Through the Farm Bill
The meme economy is in a serious slump. We might even be approaching a meme recession.
On Reddit, a group of enthusiastic wonks trying to quantify the ups and downs of the meme economy, tracking the fortunes of each new dank meme on a simulated stock market. Like real market analysts, they don't always agree on what to buy—or, in this case, share—but this month, there seems to be consensus, and it doesn't bode well for the Trump administration.
Reddit's meme_economy subreddit, the Verge reported earlier this month, has always been full of speculators discussing which memes are good and dank, and which are dead and need to be retired. But a group of 12 people decided to take that speculation to the next level and try to quantify it in a mock stock market called—what else?—the NASDANQ.
The NASDANQ hasn't officially debuted yet, but r/meme_economy is becoming more formal in other ways, like the release of this professional-looking Meme Insider news alert about the dire post-holiday meme drought:
The thesis presented here by deros94 is that the_irl subreddit, one of Reddit's primary drivers of meme content, has been “a barren wasteland” of forced memes and rehashed ideas. The best evidence and the worst symptom of the meme shortage is the rise of “10k upvotes” posts on r/me_irl. These lackluster posts promise that the poster will perform some action—such as typing the script of Bee Movie on a typewriter—if the post receives 10,000 upvotes. The posts were upvoted, then mocked and parodied, resulting in both unironic posts and spoofs flooding the front page. It's an ouroboros of repetitive content, and r/me_irl is swallowing itself whole because of it.
The best thing to come out of “10k upvotes” was a video of a man giving his cat 11,453 stern looks. It's OK, but it hardly justifies the kudzu of “upvotes” posts that are choking the subreddit this month.
The report also points to a glut of “dusty” old memes and a lack of faith in original content. That played out in the first few days of the year, as r/me_irl and r/dankmemes posters attempted to force the return of John Lemon, a weak meme first seen in 2011.
Is everything lost? Will we ever see a return to the (relatively) good ol' days of 2016, when icons like Harambe and Robbie Rotten drove the meme economy to new peaks, and innovative forms like Increasingly Verbose led to a market boom?
[Placeholder for https://www.facebook.com/stealingmemesfromobscurepagesfordads/posts/1412438385474589:0 embed.]
There is some reason to believe that the meme drought will pass soon. Some hypothesize that January has always been about forced memes: As people attempt to leave behind the previous year, they attempt to artificially hurry the natural processes of virality. It doesn't work: Virality can not be hurried. This lesson has been written over and over in the obituaries of January memes like blobo, zozzle, frailsnail, and “tell that to the kanjiklub.”
These were all real things on 4chan in early 2016, but you don't remember them—for good reason. 4chan is highly resistant to forced memes.
A recent Meme Insider article posits a “January effect” in the meme stock market, a seasonal spike in the value of reliable memes. Whether it's a casual holiday crowd that's just getting into memes, or veterans who want to make safe bets instead of taking a chance on some forced January meme, the beginning of the year drives people toward the familiar.
Meme Insider recommends riding out January with some nice, safe Wholesome Memes until February and March bring us a spike in edgy new content.
The meme community is already starting to show signs of life, with a temporary boost from Trump inauguration memes in the latter part of the month. The great white hope that was #saltbae has already become oversaturated and is now entering the domain of normies, basics, and Facebook moms, but there's some good new material on the way to replace him.
Look for Lamb Sauce, the Gordon Ramsay meme that's been bubbling up all month, as well as newcomers like Italian Memes, Trump Plagiarism, and Multiple Personality Captor to bring an end to the drought.
And, no matter how bleak things appear, don't throw good money after bad by participating in a forced meme. When John Lemon starts to look dank to you, you may have a problem.
U.S. District Court Judge Emmet Sullivan Thursday ordered the Internal Revenue Service to come up with new answers after IRS employees contradicted sworn testimony about damage to Lois Lerner's hard drive.
Sullivan ruled that “the IRS is hereby ORDERED to file a sworn Declaration, by an official with the authority to speak under oath for the Agency, by no later than August 22, 2014” on four issues: the IRS' attempted recovery of Lerner's lost emails after her computer allegedly crashed, bar codes that could have been on the hard drive, IRS policies on hard drive destruction, and information about an outside vendor who worked on IRS hard drives.
Recent documents from nonprofit group Judicial Watch's Freedom of Information Act lawsuit against the IRS, which Sullivan is presiding over, showed that IRS technology officials contradicted sworn testimony about damage to Lerner's hard drive.
Aaron Signor, an IRS technician that looked at Lerner's hard drive in June 2011, said in IRS court filings that he saw no damage to the drive before sending it off to another IRS technician, leading some in the media to suggest that the lost emails scandal is basically over. But Signor's statement, issued in response to the Judicial Watch lawsuit, does not jibe with sworn congressional testimony.
The Daily Caller reported that Lerner's hard drive was “scratched” and then “shredded,” according to a court filing the IRS made to the House Committee on Ways and Means. (RELATED: How To Destroy A Hard Drive: IRS Edition)
The IRS technology official who served as the source of the “scratched” and “shredded” revelation is believed to have looked at the hard drive after Signor.
Sullivan's order seems to have been motivated by the obvious contradiction. Judicial Watch said that Sullivan made the order because the IRS' new court filing featuring Signor's statement was a “joke.”
“In an extraordinary step, U. S. District Court Judge Emmett Sullivan has launched an independent inquiry into the issue of the missing emails associated with former IRS official Lois Lerner,” Judicial Watch said in a statement. “Previously, Judge Sullivan ordered the IRS to produce sworn declarations about the IRS email issue by August 11. Today's order confirms Judicial Watch's read of this week's IRS' filings that treated as a joke Judge Sullivan's order.”
Follow Patrick on Twitter
BEIJING (Reuters) - China has launched more rigorous investigations into the activities and finances of rights lawyers and law firms that take on politically sensitive issues, Human Rights Watch said on Tuesday, in its multi-year campaign to stifle dissent.
The Chinese national flag flies near a security camera on Beijing's Tiananmen Square, China May 19, 2017. REUTERS/Thomas Peter
China has arrested, jailed or detained thousands of rights lawyers and activists since President Xi Jinping launched a sweeping crackdown in the summer of 2015.
Judicial officials and police are investigating the cases and finances at seven law firms that often work on rights abuses, lawyers at the firms told the New York-based Human Rights Watch.
With unusually high-level officials performing scrutiny on site for days, the duration of investigations has exceeded that of previous regular checks on such firms, it added.
“While China's human rights lawyers are no strangers to official harassment, these sudden, invasive probes send an alarming message,” Sophie Richardson, the group's Washington-based China director, said in a statement.
China's justice ministry did not immediately respond to a faxed request for comment from Reuters.
China has defended the new measures against critics by saying it is a country with the rule of law, and that those found guilty are criminals who damaged social stability and endangered national security.
“There has been an open attack on rights lawyers under Xi, and the probes should be considered in the context of the attack,” said Maya Wang, a China researcher for HRW based in Hong Kong.
“It is meant to tell lawyers that this is not over, that they had better be on their best behavior for the 19th Party Congress,” Wang said, referring to a five-yearly leadership reshuffle of the ruling Communist Party set to begin on Oct. 18.
Political checks and requirements for law firms have also been tightened under Xi, making it harder for lawyers to take sensitive cases, activists say, especially as law firms can be held jointly accountable for individual violations.
Chinese law firms are required to explicitly support the party and to set up an internal party branch, while lawyers are banned from expressing opinions that endanger national security or reject China's political system.
In the run-up to the party congress, Xi has also urged public security officials to ensure stability and maintain the party's authority and unified leadership. [nL4N1M11EY]
Ontarians earning $150,000 and up will be slapped with an income tax increase in Thursday's budget, the Star has learned. At the same time, Ontario's lowest paid public servants — personal support workers who help seniors remain in their homes yet make as little as $12.50 an hour — will finally be getting an across-the-board raise.
Finance Minister Charles Sousa emphasized the raises for the 34,000 personal support workers, which will cost $50 million this year, should be “offset” by savings to the health-care system. ( Darren Calabrese / THE CANADIAN PRESS file photo )
The personal support workers who care for the elderly are to receive $4-an-hour pay increase to $16.50 over the next two years in Thursday's spending plan. Finance Minister Charles Sousa declined to discuss details of any tax changes, emphasizing the raises for the 34,000 employees that will cost $50 million this year should be “offset” by savings to the health-care system. “This is about making certain that we retain, attract, and deploy those resources where we're going to get a better return for that investment,” Sousa said Tuesday.
Article Continued Below
Sources told the Star the new tax will be levied only on income earned above $150,000. That means someone making $200,000 would pay additional tax on the $50,000 above the threshold. It will be charged on about 260,000 individuals — not households with combined incomes of $150,000 — and Liberal insiders say it is “very popular” in focus groups the party has commissioned against the backdrop of a possible June election. Indeed, it could bring in an additional $650 million to a provincial treasury saddled with an $11.3 billion budget deficit last year. In a bid to appease NDP Leader Andrea Horwath, whose party has propped up the minority Liberals for two years, Sousa and Premier Kathleen Wynne have repeatedly pledged to avoid hiking taxes on “middle-income” earners. The budget will also include tax hikes for tobacco and aviation fuel, according to a document obtained by The Canadian Press.
Another potentially popular electoral move is Tuesday's boost to personal support workers, which followed last week's promise to pay daycare employees more.
Article Continued Below
Health Minister Deb Matthews noted it can cost $1,000 a day to tend to someone in a hospital so home care is a more economical option that has the added bonus of being preferred by most seniors. Matthews said there is a $1.50 hourly increase retroactive to April 1 and, provided Sousa's budget passes, another $1.50 April 1, 2015, and the final $1 on April 1, 2016. Her announcement at the Toronto Reference Library was greeted by cheers and a standing ovation from scores of Service Employees International Union workers in attendance. “This is an exciting day for all homecare and community care personal support workers in Ontario,” said SEIU Healthcare president Sharleen Stewart. The SEIU had lobbied the government aggressively with its “Sweet $16” campaign to improve the home-care system. At Queen's Park, the New Democrats, who also rely on the SEIU's political support, remain coy on whether they will pass Thursday's budget. Horwath stressed that she wants to read Sousa's fiscal blueprint before determining what to do. Progressive Conservative Leader Tim Hudak said his party will vote to defeat the budget.
Read more about:
Charlottesville was back on the hot topics table at ABC's The View, September 15, one month to the day after violence broke out on the campus of the University of Virginia. But instead of thought-provoking conversation on the serious issue, as usual, conspiracy theories about the right was the prevailing opinion expressed at the table by the liberal hosts. Whoopi Goldberg had the most mind-numbing take, actually wondering out loud if the right had “made up” the left-wing group Antifa, so they could have something to “bitch about.”
Not only that, but host Joy Behar even seemed to justify Antifa's violence as a “tactic.”
After discussing President Trump's response to Charlottesville and whether he “equated” violence on both sides, host Paula Faris was the first one to bring up Antifa's dedication to violence. But she didn't even get to make her argument before fellow host Whoopi interrupted to shut her down:
PAULA FARIS: Antifa- it's anti-fascism. For anybody that thinks this is a nonviolent group they're predicated on violence. In fact, the Department of Homeland Security, according to documents -- WHOOPI: I saw your thing. Let me say this to you. When we look to see what they were talking about, there was nothing there because when you look at the bottom of the list the year that they're talking about is when Obama was in. So we went to see what they had been protesting what fascist stuff Antifa had been protesting. There's nothing there. We can't find anything. This to me-- Antifa is one of those things, I don't want to say the right, but somebody came up with as a catch phrase so that you could say there's violence on the other side. I don't remember violent demonstrations before the gentleman who's in now came in.
FARIS: That's the issue. Can I just say -- because I didn't get to finish my point-- WHOOPI: I understand I cut you off. FARIS: It's alright though. That's fine. According to confidential government documents they were labeled a “domestic terrorist group.” Antifa was. The Department of Homeland Security started warning local and state officials about them back in 2016. When we were at the inauguration covering it for ABC we took a quick break, got a quick bite in DC and Antifa started storming the streets. I was frightened. We had to lock the restaurant we were in because they were knocking people over, they were burning things, they were attacking police, breaking the windows--
Whoopi responded to that by asking Faris when she first heard about the group.
“I actually just started hearing about Antifa a couple months ago,” she replied.
“That's my point,” Whoopi turned to the audience and said.
Host Sunny Hostin agreed with Faris, then passionately argued that the group was nowhere on the level of the KKK.
“I had never heard of it. My understanding is that it doesn't have a leader, it doesn't have a headquarters, it's not an organized group. I do not think you can compare this Antifa movement with the KKK. The KKK has been, you know, terrorizing my community for centuries. This equality that there's something on both sides is ridiculous,” she began.
Hostin then scolded Trump as being “complicit” with the KKK, saying that he ran a campaign for “angry white people”:
HOSTIN: I really think if Donald Trump wants to say anything about racism he has to first talk about his being complicit in that. He ran a campaign based on racial resentment and fear. His campaign was for angry white people. He talked about Mexicans being rapists. He talked about a gold star Muslim family. He talked about black people. He talked about -- he has participated in housing discrimination. Anything that he says for me -- needs to start with the birther movement. He needs to admit he's the reason why we're seeing this racial divide in our country. [applause] JOY BEHAR: That's not going to happen. SARA HAINES: You can't equate or ever should equate the history of a group that is organized like white supremacy like the KKK with this group.The thing I could say---He doesn't say it right. He said there were some very fine people -- marching on both sides. I don't think there's an opposite side of anyone that could argue that they believe they were born better as a race has many virtues left in there. So there's no equating the two. If he had said something like ‘taking the law into your own hands and violently attacking anyone is never okay.' He doesn't say that and he tries to equate that they were equal. FARIS: There's no moral equivalency in there.
After the panel had agreed on that, Whoopi again suggested that this left-wing group was invented by the right to “scare” people, and so they could use them as a punching bag to make a political point:
WHOOPI: You can't do this subtle scare. The subtle scare is what that phrase is. That's why I wanted to see. ‘Cause I'd never heard of this. HOSTIN: I hadn't either. WHOOPI: People kept saying on television -- particularly on the other networks. Well, this group. I kept saying who is this group? Because when you see how stuff is organized, you can say that's who we are, we're fighting for this. Oftentimes I found that sometimes the side that is kvetching the loudest has sort of orchestrated this so they can bitch about it. I'm not sure who was storming through the streets. I'm not sure who was storming through the streets.
Hostin complained that by Trump denouncing Antifa, he was “trying to scare people so they don't stand up to hate:”
“My fear is that this term Antifa they're trying to use it to scare people so they don't stand up against hate. When is it wrong to stand up against hate? It's never ever wrong!” she gushed.
Joy Behar seemed to suggest that violence was okay if it was being used to combat violence.
“That's why they're using violence tactics--” Behar started to say.
“You can't support violence and radicalism in your struggle against hate,” Hostin stated.
“But they're-- Isn't there basic tactic to be equally violent, because they're fighting violence with violence?” Behar asked again.
WENZHOU, China (Reuters) - China sacked three senior railway officials Sunday after a collision between two high-speed trains killed at least 35 people and raised new questions about the safety of the fast-growing rail network.
Rescuers carry out rescue operations after two carriages from a bullet train derailed and fell off a bridge in Wenzhou, Zhejiang province July 24, 2011. REUTERS/Aly Song
A bullet train Saturday night hit another express which lost power following a lightning strike, state media said, in the country's deadliest rail disaster since 2008.
The power failure knocked out an electronic safety system designed to alert trains about stalled locomotives on the line.
As rescue teams and firefighters with excavators searched for survivors, state television said two young boys had been pulled alive from the wreckage.
There were 1,630 passengers on both trains, which collided on a bridge near the city of Wenzhou in Zhejiang province, some 860 miles south of Beijing.
“The task for us now is to clear the debris and also to check for survivors in those areas that we have not gone to,” said 35-year-old rescue worker Wang Jun. “Also, we are trying to get the railway line to be operational again.”
Authorities moved quickly to respond to public anger by sacking the head of the Shanghai railway bureau, his deputy and the bureau's Communist Party chief, the Railways Ministry said in a statement on its website (www.china-mor.gov.cn).
The three will “also be subject to investigation,” the statement added.
“As leaders ... they should take ultimate responsibility for the main cause of the accident,” Railways Ministry spokesman Wang Yongping told a packed news conference in Wenzhou.
“There will be many people who think that this is a safety problem caused by high-speed rail itself,” he added. “I should still say to people that China's high-speed rail technology is up to date and up to standard, and we still have faith in it.”
Vice Premier Zhang Dejiang, visiting the disaster scene, “pledged that the investigators will find out the cause of the accident and those responsible will be seriously punished according to the law,” the official Xinhua news agency reported.
Rescuers found eight more bodies on Sunday afternoon, bringing the death toll to 43, Xinhua said, though Railways Ministry spokesman Wang said the figure was actually 35. He did not explain the discrepancy.
Wang also said no foreigners had died, denying an earlier report from the semi-official China News Service which said two foreigners were among the dead.
Rail is the most popular method of long-distance transport in China and trains are usually crowded with as many as 1,000 passengers.
The reliability of China's rail network was called into question recently when the flagship Beijing-Shanghai high-speed line suffered a series of power outages soon after opening to great fanfare a month ago.
China's rail network has also been hit by a series of scandals. Three railway officials have been investigated for corruption this year, according to local media reports.
In February, Liu Zhijun was sacked as railways minister for “serious disciplinary violations.” He led the rail sector's investment drive over the past decade.
Chinese Internet users took to popular microblogging site Weibo to vent their anger about the accident, with some calling for Railways Minister Sheng Guangzu to resign, posting his picture online with a large red cross through it.
“The Railways Ministry should realize that passengers are not just little white mice,” wrote Yang Chunxiao.
“Do you think officials are really trying to help? It's all for show,” added A Cige.
“FLYING INTO THE AIR”
One train was heading from Beijing to the coastal city of Fuzhou, and the other was running from Hangzhou to Fuzhou.
Both trains were made by China South Locomotive and Rolling Stock Corp Ltd (CSR).
The force of the collision sent “the head of the train flying into the air,” said Cai Qi, a 30-year-old villager who saw the accident and rescued five children, four women and one man. “Some of them had their hands or legs broken. Some were crushed inside debris and we pushed and carried them out.”
“Suddenly, there was a loud bang,” said 32-year-old survivor Yin Caohui. “After that, the train broke. It was all dark and we could not see anything.”
A 31-year-old survivor, who gave his last name as Yu, said the train stopped suddenly and the lights immediately went off but the passengers “didn't think it was so serious.”
Slideshow (9 Images)
“Only when we got down, we saw so many train carriages falling down,” Yu said.
In 2008, an express train traveling from Beijing to the eastern coastal city of Qingdao derailed and collided with another train, killing 72 and injuring 416 people.
Back in 2015, scientists found something amazing for the first time - a classic formula for pi hidden in the world of quantum physics.
Pi is the ratio between a circle's circumference and its diameter, and is incredibly important in pure mathematics. But this was the first time scientists had found it "lurking" in the world of physics, when using quantum mechanics to compare the energy levels of a hydrogen atom.
Why was that exciting? Well, it revealed an incredibly special and previously unknown connection between quantum physics and maths.
"I find it fascinating that a purely mathematical formula from the 17th century characterises a physical system that was discovered 300 years later," said one of the lead researchers at the time, Tamar Friedmann, a mathematician at the University of Rochester in the US.
The discovery was made when Carl Hagen, a particle physicist at the University of Rochester, was teaching a class on quantum mechanics and explaining to his students how to use a quantum mechanical technique known as the 'variation principle' to approximate the energy states of a hydrogen atom.
While comparing these values to conventional calculations, he noticed an unusual trend in the ratios.
He asked Friedmann to help him work out this trend, and they quickly realised that it was actually a manifestation of the Wallis formula for pi – the first time it had even been derived from physics.
"We weren't looking for the Wallis formula for pi. It just fell into our laps," said Hagen.
"It was a complete surprise," added Friedmann. "I jumped up and down when we got the Wallis formula out of equations for the hydrogen atom."
Since 1655 there have been plenty of proofs of Wallis's formula, but prior to this, all had come from the world of mathematics.
You can see two pages from Wallis's book Arithmetica Infinitorum below:
Digitised by Google
"This almost seems like magic," wrote maths contributor Kevin Knudson for Forbes.
"That a formula for π is hidden inside the quantum mechanics of the hydrogen atom is surprising and delightful."
"Nature had kept this secret for the last 80 years," said Friedmann. "I'm glad we revealed it."
We just can't help but wonder what other secret connections are still out there, lurking between quantum mechanics and pure mathematics.
The results were published in the Journal of Mathematical Physics.
A version of this article was first published in November 2015.
Last year, Red Hat announced that it plans to offer OpenStack on a subscription basis as a commercial, enterprise-grade product. OpenStack is an open source software project for building private and public clouds.
Red Hat's engineers contribute to the OpenStack project, and the company is an old-hand at productizing open source projects and offering them on a subscription basis. It is probably best known for Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL), a productized version of the open source Fedora Linux operating system, as well its JBoss Enterprise Middleware, based on JBoss community projects.
11 Open Source Programming Tools on the Rise
10 New Open Source Projects You May Not Know About
Companies such as Red Hat make a lot of money selling products based on open source projects. But if the underlying software is free, what exactly are you paying for when you subscribe to these products?
1. Enterprise-Grade Support
If your company uses open source software in mission critical areas then you'll probably need someone to provide support when the software doesn't work as expected.
With proprietary software, the availability of support is a given, but when you download and run an open source project you may have to rely on the help and support of the project's developer community. That help may arrive, but then again it may not: Community support comes with no service-level guarantee and a 24x7 telephone support line is not provided.
Third-party companies offer support for some open source software on a commercial basis, but Gordon Haff, a senior manager at Red Hat, says, companies like Red Hat that sponsor and productize open source projects are in a better position to provide you with support than these third-party companies.
"One key piece of value is that for most of the core software technology that we offer through subscription, we employ the experts who are, in fact, the key contributors to that software," he says. "More importantly, they are a key part of the developer community, and can put in changes or fixes for you when they are required," he adds.
2. Input Into New Features
Another benefit of paying a subscription is that in many cases it can give you a say in the product's roadmap, according to Haff. This is clearly not possible if you simply download and run the open source software.
Therefore, if there are certain features you want, paying a subscription can be a cost effective way of getting them incorporated into the product.
Ironically, paying customers have to wait longer for new features than other users do because new features are released in the "upstream" open source projects before they make it to the productized versions of the software. In other words, Fedora is more "cutting edge" software than RHEL.
3. Tested, Stable Products, Rapid Bugs Fixes and Predictable Lifecycles
Companies like Red Hat carry out testing, tuning and troubleshooting across a wide range of hardware, configurations and applications before it allows any new code from open source projects to trickle down into their subscription products, Haff explains.
This requires considerable corporate resource--people, processes, systems and infrastructure--and arguably it's the stability and reliability that results from this, more than anything else, that you are paying for with your subscription.
The effect of this slow trickle down of technology is that the current version of RHEL is usually several releases behind Fedora, and since the Fedora development community doesn't provide fixes to outdated packages, Red Hat provides interim security or bug fixes to RHEL packages as part of the subscription. New features that appear in the latest releases of Fedora may also be back ported to the RHEL, Haff says.
Subscription products also tend to have a defined lifecycle that specifies the length of time they will receive enhancements, bug fixes and security updates, unlike open source projects. This allows you to plan your upgrades and bring hardware refreshes into line with upgrades where necessary.
4. Extra Functionality
In many cases it makes sense to pay for a product that has additional features that the underlying open source offering lacks. For example, Big Switch Networks is the sponsor of an open source network controller project called Floodlight, and its Big Network Controller (BNC) product is built around it. The benefit of paying for BNC is the extra functionality BNC provides to enhance the Floodlight controller.
"BNC uses Floodlight at its core, but it also includes additional modules for tracing, statistics, performance scalability and so on. These extra modules are not open source," says Andrew Harding, a senior director at Big Switch Networks. BNC also offers a multiple node deployment capability--a feature which most enterprises look for in a network controller to allow for failover, but which is absent in the Floodlight network controller.
5. Integrated Hardware and Software Solution
It's often worth paying for a hardware and software package that includes open source software to ensure you get a solution that is guaranteed to work. For example, Digium is the creator, maintainer and sponsor of Asterisk, an open source PBX telephony software project.
In additoin to offering SLA-backed support for Asterisk, the company sells hardware designed to enhance the software in the same way that Big Switch Networks offers additional paid-for software modules to enhance Floodlight.
The hardware includes redundancy appliances designed to enable physical-layer failover of telephone connections, so that in the event of a hardware or software failure on a server running Asterisk, communications are automatically switched to a backup Asterisk server.
Digium also offers a range of IP phones with Asterisk-specific features such as the capability to be supported and configured remotely, and PSTN interface cards that are sold with support to work in an Asterisk environment.
So while you are not strictly paying for the software, you are paying for a solution built on it. "Many companies don't just want Asterisk, they want to buy a complete telephony solution which includes software, support, phones and failover capabilities," says David Duffett, Asterisk's community director.
6. Low-Cost Platforms for Proprietary Products
Digium is unusual in that in addition to distributing Asterisk under the open source GPLv2 license, it also makes the software available with a low-cost commercial license. This provides one final reason to pay for open source software: If you pay for a commercial license, you can modify the software without the obligation of providing the resulting code to the original development community under the GPLv2 license. This can be useful if you want to incorporate the modified code into your own commercial products.
That's a (Commercial) Wrap
What you are generally paying for with a subscription to an open source-based product is a commercial wrap to put around the open source code. That wrap includes support, testing, hardware certification and predictable product lifecycles.
"By paying a subscription you get the same experience as you do with proprietary software, only for far less money," concludes Haff.
Paul Rubens is a technology journalist based in England. Follow everything from CIO.com on Twitter @CIOonline, Facebook, Google + and LinkedIn.
Family learns fate of WWI Belgian boy smuggled out of country and adopted by Tasmanian soldier
Updated
A Tasmanian family has finally discovered the fate of a Belgian boy Australian soldiers smuggled out of the horror of WWI-ravaged Belgium, to a new life on a farm near Hobart.
Tasmanian Private George Leahy stuffed 12-year-old Albert Dussart - nicknamed by the troops "Garçon", which is French for boy - into a bag in 1918 to get him to England after the boy sought refuge with Australian soldiers fresh from the trenches.
When the scheme was uncovered, Leahy fought a running battle with the Australian Army, and the English and Belgian military and civil authorities, to get the boy to Australia.
Leahy left his camp at least twice on emergency train trips, after the boy was taken by UK police, culminating in shots being fired at him as he desperately jumped a port security fence in his search for Albert.
After a string of misadventures and confrontations, General John Monash intervened and allowed Albert to return with the soldiers on the TSS Port Sydney in 1919.
Albert told the soldiers all his family had been killed, his sisters and his mother ... and basically he wandered into the 26th Battalion. Sonya Moon
Albert was one of the many orphans or displaced children who were adopted by groups of larrikin Australians soldiers, many as mascots who ran errands or did job for the troops, in exchange for food and clothing.
Just two weeks before Australia celebrates the centenary of Gallipoli, George Leahy's descendants have found out what happened to the boy who was last seen by family members and friends in Tasmania in about 1923.
Sonya Moon only found out five weeks ago how her great grandfather George Leahy had taken the boy under his wing.
"Albert told the soldiers all his family had been killed, his sisters and his mother ... and basically he wandered into the 26th Battalion, which my great grandfather was in," she said.
"He took a shine to my great grandfather, he found him after he came back from being on duty, and there was this young boy sitting in my great grandfather's tent washing his socks.
"He was starving and very upset and the diggers took him under their wing and he became their mascot.
"The records I have got show him as the adopted son of my great grandfather George, and he came down to Hobart, and he lived on a farm with George and his wife at Pelverata.
"He went to school there and then did odd jobs on farms ... and was in Tasmania until 1923 or 1924.
"That was where the story stopped for me. That was what triggered the search for me."
Surname mix-up discovered, leading to records of Albert's life
The breakthrough came two weeks ago when Belgian consul documentation from the 1930s revealed that Australian authorities and his Tasmanian family were using an incorrect surname for Albert. It was not Dusserq, but Dussart.
Albert's history was then quickly filled in.
"There was a lot of media in 1968 trying to find Albert ... so doing a bit of fiddling with searching there was certainly an Albert Dussart family in New South Wales."
Ms Moon quickly contacted Craig Dussart, Albert's grandson, who knew little about Albert's time in Tasmania, nor of the man who adopted him, but was able to confirm much of the version of Albert's adventures with Australian troops.
Ms Moon also discovered Albert decided to leave Tasmania for greener pastures in New South Wales in about 1923.
"Without a guarantee and assurance from my great grandfather in taking him under his wing and adopting him, he may not ever have got to Australia," she said.
Albert smuggled into England
The story first came to light when published in the magazine "Homing" in 1919, which appears to have been compiled on the boats by troops coming back from the war.
The recounting in that magazine is that the boy, then called Albert Dusserq, had lost his father in a mine accident in 1909, and was separated from his mother and four sisters.
He wandered across the lines and into the path of the allied army, uncared for, hungry, friendless and ill-kempt.
At a village near Charleroi he came to the Australians and Tasmanian Private George Leahy of the 26th Battalion.
The Australians fed and clothed him, and he then set off to find his family.
The magazine recounted the boy returned soon after, sobbing and worn out with the fatigue and tragedy of the journey, to tell a tale of his ravaged village, and that his mother had been killed by the Germans and his four sisters had died of deprivations of the war.
The story that Albert was without immediate family in Belgium was one emphasised to UK and Australian authorities.
It was then that Leahy decided to adopt the boy, who it was recalled called him "Fader Leahy" ("Fater" in German means father), and take him back to Tasmania.
What followed was a classic Australian larrikin snub of authority, rules and regulations to achieve what Leahy considered was a just and fair outcome, a course of action that nowadays would probably be far less likely to ever happen.
Leahy broke many rules and generally thumbed his nose at authority, and even risked his life to get the boy to Tasmania.
When the Armistice was signed soldiers were repatriated and Leahy said he stuffed Albert in his kitbag to get him across the English Channel.
The first problem arose when, according to the magazine and Leahy's statement back in Australia, his mates on the boat could not hold their silence and the word got back to officers that "the garçon" was on board.
The boat moved away from the dock after unsuccessful searches, and just then the boy emerged.
Leahy's recollection is that for the entry to England, the boy was hidden in the bag again and passed by officials undetected to the Australian camp at Sutton Veny.
There permission was refused to take Albert to Tasmania.
Escape, recapture, escape, and then permission to travel
Leahy later recalled in Tasmania that at the camp he one day saw military police throwing Albert into the back of a truck, and the boy cried out "Fader, Fader!"
Both the magazine and Leahy state the boy was taken to police headquarters and detention centre in Warwick Square in London.
Leahy got 14 days leave and went to London to see the Belgian consul.
He was asked to return the next day where he was questioned by police and then jailed for the afternoon.
Both Leahy's later account and the magazine retell that when Leahy arrived back at the Australian army camp, Albert was there, having escaped from detention.
However, again the boy disappeared from the camp and Leahy took leave again to find him, thinking he was heading back across the channel.
Leahy said he jumped a nine-foot security fence at the docks, telling security guards he was a grave digger and had lost his pass.
When it appeared the ruse was unlikely to succeed he tried jumping the fence again and military police fired two shots at him.
He jumped on the first train back to the camp, to find Albert had returned after having escaped a second time from detention.
General John Monash gave Leahy permission to take Albert to Australia and on September 22 1919, they boarded the TSS Port Sydney, raising 50 pounds for Albert's education on the way.
He was coming to Australia as an orphan, whose mother and four sisters had died at the hands of the Germans.
Back in Tasmania, Leahy started farming at Pelverata near Huonville, with Albert attending the primary school until he was 14.
Then Albert left to work on other farms, until contact was lost a few years later.
Leahy recalled in later years that bits of information came through, including in the early 1930s when police approached him about Albert's application to the Belgian consul to pay his and his family's fares back to Belgium.
Leahy said he wrote five letters to a New South Wales address he was given, but he never received answers.
Albert's voice lives on
In 1990, Albert Dussart, then 84, recorded an interview about his experiences with Chris Sullivan for his folklore collection.
His tale is one from the perspective of a seven to 12-year-old boy in war, where the experiences are remembered as a time of high excitement, and there is little unprompted recollection of the horror.
His memory of events coincided with much of what is retold in "Homing", and what is known by George Leahy's and Albert's families and in newspaper reports in the 1960s.
He said when he came across the Australian troops he was in a desperate state, that his mother had died from TB, and he did not know where his brother and sister were.
Authorities did not know Albert had in fact been in an orphanage with his brother and sister when war broke out.
Albert said the soldiers gave him food and blankets and he woke the next morning to a sea of faces of Australian soldiers around him.
The soldiers were members of the 26th Battalion, and included George Leahy.
We'll take you back to Australia [they said] ... they were a good mob. Albert Dussart
Albert said it was soon after that the smuggling plans began,
"We'll take you back to Australia [they said] ... they were a good mob," Albert recalled.
Albert remembered being in a chaff bag, not a kit bag.
Albert recounted he was discovered by officers on board, while the troops were disembarking and waiting on a nearby train to be taken to a camp.
He was eventually bundled onto the train with military police and taken to Warwick Square detention, to be sent back to Belgium.
He said he was treated well, but only days later he used the chance to post a letter to thank Australian troops as his escape chance and ran from the guards.
After a week of freedom he ended up back at the camp where he was met with a warm welcome and approval was given for George Lahey to take him back to Tasmania.
He recounted the voyage back to Australia with a wild, at times drunken, brawling bunch of soldiers, some accumulating minor to extremely serious charges as they travelled back, breaking rules and regulations, with one allegation of a murder in South Africa.
Albert touches on boxing matches, bayoneting during arguments, soldier assaults on military police with sandbags (because the assault did not draw blood), race relations, mud and slaughter, deserters, grog running to the soldiers locked in the clink, and eventual dropping of all kinds of charges and penalties when the troops arrived back in Australia with "a pardon from King George".
The larrikin image he paints is summed up by his story of the visit of King George to review the police troops.
He said the king came to France to review Australian troops in 1916 or 1917.
He said as the band struck up "God Save the King, King George's horse bucked and threw him off.
"All the diggers thought it was great ... mostly bush blokes, they roared laughing," he said.
"One Bloke, one wag, sang out: 'Goodbye George, give our love to the missus'.
"Oh they were a bloody wild mob."
Ms Moon wants to tidy up the accounts from the troop magazine and the accounts of Albert and other sources, and try to clarify and confirm the details.
"I want to see what sort of correspondence and what sort of information was about at the time.
"It is pretty amazing to me that an Australian got permission to bring out a young Belgian boy out from England, because in the end he did get permission."
Ms Moon is also interested in Albert's retelling later in life that he did in fact have a brother and sister in Belgium when he left in 1918, Albert said he visited Belgium in the 1970s but could not find them in the short time he was there.
"It would be really lovely to see if there was some family connection that could be made there."
What intrigued Ms Moon about Albert was his sense of boyhood adventure, over and above the horror of the war.
"He tells it with such joy, and it really does sound like the great adventure," she said.
"It was reported at the time that this young boy had such an amazing adventure and I thought that was a strange way to portray it considering he had lost all his family and had come halfway around the world , and everything was so unknown.
"But when you really hear his story you can hear that sense of adventure and I really do think he pretty well loved every minute, particularly being with the Australian soldiers."
Topics: world-war-1, history, community-and-society, human-interest, tas
First posted
It may not feel like it, but winter's end is in sight! Outdoor events (that aren't purposefully meant for cold weather) will soon be returning to the Twin Cities and the Belgian-Beer master of Minneapolis is leading the charge. With a combination of beer, food, music and art, the 3rd Annual Sol Bock Revival at Harriet Brewing (April 26th) promises to be a full day of everything awesome.
Harriet Brewing is the unquestioned beer-lord of all that is east of the light rail and west of the river, but some consider it to rule the entirety of south Minneapolis. The brewery is constantly opening its doors in new ways for musicians, artists and anyone looking to try a complex tasting beer; on April 26th they hope to use all these resources to welcome in the long days of summer.
When: April 26th, 1 pm – 10 pm
Where: Harriet Brewing, 3036 Minnehaha Ave Minneapolis, MN 55406
Cost: Free
Beer
The featured beer is of course the Sol Bock (their German style Maibock), but their other Belgian varieties will also be in great supply. They're all pretty awesome, you'll find something you like unless your palate doesn't extend beyond Bud Light.
Food
Dandelion Kitchen, Potter's Pasties and of course AZ Canteen (I've talked about them recently).
Music
2 pm: No Man's String Band (the innovative and eclectic Harriet Brewing Taproom regular)
4 pm: Dead Pigeons (another awesome regular of the taproom)
6 pm: The Roe Family Singers (led by husband and wife team, with Kim Roe being a locally distinguished female vocalist)
8 pm: Evergreen Grass Band (a band that hopes to play so fast that they disrupt the space-time continuum)
Art
There will be live art by Jeff Troldal, Shell Kelley and Jesse Brödd.
For more information check out Harriet Brewing's official description.
Images via: Harrietbrewing.com
Originally published October 2, 2013 at 5:49 PM | Page modified October 3, 2013 at 9:03 PM
Albert Sankey was blind before a cornea transplant less than two weeks ago restored sight in his right eye. Saturday, he'll be at Stanford Stadium to watch his grandson Bishop Sankey lead the Huskies against Stanford.
The more animated he gets, the more Grandpa Sankey's Southern drawl echoes through the phone.
The 68-year-old from Montgomery, Ala., is excited, and understandably so. On Saturday night, he will get the chance to see his grandson, the nation's leading rusher, play college football for the first time when Washington junior Bishop Sankey leads the No. 15 Huskies against No. 5 Stanford.
Albert Sankey joked that he isn't satisfied with a seat in the Stanford Stadium stands, though.
“I feel good. I feel like I can get out there and put on a suit (uniform),” Albert Sankey says, belly-laughing through a phone interview this week. “I could be the fullback. I could block for Bishop!”
That he wants a close-up look at his grandson is understandable, too. It's not just that he hasn't seen Bishop play for the Huskies — Grandpa Sankey hasn't seen, period, for the past five years.
Albert Sankey has been blind in his left eye for more than 30 years. He's not entirely sure how it happened. Then, about five years ago, after a long bout with glaucoma, he lost sight in his right eye, too.
On Sept. 20, he had a cornea transplant in his right eye at UCLA's Laser Refractive Center, a procedure performed by Dr. Richard Casey. Albert wore a patch overnight; the next day, he went back to the doctor's office and had the patch removed. The first thing he saw was the face of the doctor's assistant, and he immediately gave her a hug.
“I was blind and now I can see,” he said. “It's a miracle.”
On Sunday, nine days after the surgery, Albert Sankey hung out with his son, Chris — Bishop's dad — an Air Force technical sergeant stationed in San Pedro, Calif. They went grocery shopping, and from the passenger's seat on the drive home, Albert described seeing the yellow lines on the road and the red taillights of other cars.
Once home, he posed for photos with “Dino,” the family's Husky dog. Albert had been stunned at seeing the dog's “pretty blue eyes” for the first time a week earlier.
“That,” Chris Sankey said of the scene with his father and dog, “was amazing to see.”
Watching his father watch his grandson on television Saturday was special, too, Chris said. Bishop Sankey had a school-record 40 carries and 161 yards rushing in UW's 31-13 win over Arizona last week, a performance that boosted Bishop back into the national rushing lead with 151.8 yards per game.
When Bishop was younger, Albert used to make a trip at the end of each summer from his home in Montgomery to stay with Chris' family in northeast Ohio. And, over the next couple of months, Grandpa Sankey would be a regular at his grandson's pee-wee football games.
By the time Bishop was in middle school, all Grandpa Sankey could see on the field were shadows. And when Chris and his wife, Heidi, moved the family to Spokane just before Bishop started high school, Grandpa Sankey would still visit, but he couldn't see anything at games. He would sit in the stands and listen for the announcers to mention Bishop's name so he could cheer.
This weekend will bring something new.
“I'm pretty excited,” Bishop said Wednesday. “He'll be there, and it'll be his first game seeing me in college. I know he's excited.”
To say the least.
“I can't wait to hug him,” Grandpa Sankey said, “and see his face.”
Adam Jude: 206-464-2364 or ajude@seattletimes.com.
On Twitter: @a_jude
The ‘Golden Ratio‘ is an inherent design aspect of the universe found in nature, the clock cycle of brainwaves and eve the human genome DNA. It is described in the following manner:
“Two quantities are in the golden ratio if the ratio of the sum of the quantities to the larger quantity is equal to the ratio of the larger quantity to the smaller one. The golden ratio is an irrational mathematical constant, approximately 1.6180339887.“
The Golden Ratio is also commonly used in designs and logos. It is said to make some more attractive to the human eye and this may be way the genius designers at Apple have used it extensively when constructing both their products and their logos. Take a look at the images below supplied by ‘GOLD3N RATIO‘ and see what you think:
Thanks should also go to Thiago Barcelos who also commented on these findings.
51.316806 -0.559080
Mayor Bloomberg attends courtesy visit with Hong Kong Special Administration Region Chief Executive Donald Tsang. And he's tall! (Photo Credit: Kristen Artz) Mayor Bloomberg urged the heads of the other coalition cities to cut taxi emissions. He also lashed out at recent criticism over China's push to invest in environmentally friendly technologies, essentially saying America is just jealous. “I think in America, we've got to stop blaming the Chinese and blaming everybody else and take a look at ourselves...There's a country on the other side of the world that is taking their taxpayers' dollars, and trying to sell subsidized things so we can buy them cheaper, and have better products, and we're going to criticize that?"
He continued the tirade against his home country, accusing America of favoring uneducated and unworldly politicians. “If you look at the U.S., you look at who we're electing to Congress, to the Senate—they can't read,” he said. “I'll bet you a bunch of these people don't have passports. We're about to start a trade war with China if we're not careful here, only because nobody knows where China is. Nobody knows what China is." Well if you love them so much, why don't you marry them?
Despite his anger, he is hopeful that the C40 cities can work together to fight pollution, and said that as local leaders they have the opportunity to get more involved than national leaders. “We've seen, I think again and again, how national governments have struggled, both at home and at the international stage, to take climate change actions,” he said in his speech. “Together, we have to fill the vacuum of leadership ourselves." He later shot down a Hong Kong reporter who asked him about a 2012 presidential run saying, "Definitely not. I have a job for the next 1,152 days, and I plan to serve out every one of them." You know, unless there's an emergency or something.
Last November, when the Environment Protection Agency (EPA) proposed moderating years of escalating mandates by reducing the amount of ethanol that must be mixed into gasoline, a top ethanol lobbyist seemed perplexed. "We're all just sort of scratching our heads here today and wondering why this administration is telling us to burn less of a clean-burning American fuel," Bob Dineen, head of the Renewable Fuels Association, told The New York Times.
Here are a few possible reasons why: America's ethanol requirement destroys the environment, damages car engines, increases gas prices, and contributes to the starvation of the global poor. It's an unmitigated disaster on nearly every level.
Start with the environment. After all, when the renewable fuel standard (RFS), which since 2005 has set forth a minimum annual volume of renewable fuels nationwide, was first set, one of the primary arguments for mandating ethanol use was that it was a greener, more environmentally friendly source of fuel that released fewer greenhouse gasses into the atmosphere.
This turns out to be complete hogwash. Researchers have known for years that, when the entire production process is taken into account, most supposedly green biofuels actually emit more greenhouse gasses than traditional fuels.
Some proponents of the ethanol mandate have argued that the requirement was nonetheless necessary in order to spur demand for and development of more advanced, environmentally friendly biofuel like cellulosic ethanol, which is converted into fuel from corn-farm leftovers. But there are two serious problems with cellosic ethanol. The first is that cellulosic ethanol turns out to be rather difficult to produce; despite EPA projections that the market would produce at least 5 million gallons in 2010 and 6.6 million in 2011, the United States produced exactly zero gallons both years—and just 20,069 gallons in 2012.
The second is that cellulosic ethanol is also bad for the environment. At least in the short-term, the corn-residue biofuels release about 7 percent more greenhouse gases than traditional fuels, according to a federally funded, peer-reviewed study that appeared in the journal Nature Climate Change last month.
The environmental evidence against ethanol seems to mount almost daily: Another study published last week in Nature Geoscience found that in São Paulo, Brazil, the more ethanol that drivers used, the more local ozone levels increased. The study is particularly important because it relies on real-world measurements rather than on models, many of which predicted that increased ethanol use would cause ozone levels to decline.
To make things worse, ethanol requirements are bad for cars and drivers. Automakers say that gasoline blended with ethanol can damage vehicles by corroding fuel lines and injectors. An ethanol glut caused by a misalignment of regulatory quotas and demand has helped drive up prices at the pump. And the product is actually worse: ethanol blends are less energy dense than regular gasoline, which means that cars relying on it significantly worse mileage per gallon.
American drivers have it bad, but the global poor have it far worse. Ethanol requirements at home have helped drive up the price of food worldwide by diverting corn production to energy, which dramatically reducing the available calorie supply. A 25-gallon tank full of pure ethanol requires about 450 pounds of corn—roughly the amount of calories required to feed someone for a year. Some 40 percent of U.S. corn crops go to ethanol production, which in effect means we're burning food for automobile fuel rather than eating it. Studies by economists at the World Bank have found that a one percent increase in world food prices correlates with a half-percent decrease in calorie consumption amongst the world's poor. When world food prices spiked between 2007 and 2008, between 20 and 40 percent of the effect was attributable to increased global reliance on biofuels. The effect on world hunger is simply devastating.
Ethanol lobbyists are still pretending the renewable fuels mandate is a success, and Senators from corn-friendly states in the Midwest are still urging the agency not to proceed with the proposed reduction to the mandate. But at this point, ethanol requirements have few serious defenders except the people who profit from its production and the politicians who rely on those people for votes and campaign contributions.
Judging by the cut it proposed last November, even the EPA seems to be wavering. A final regulation has yet to be submitted, but the proposal would reduce the amount of renewable fuels the agency requires this year from 18.15 billion gallons to 15.2 billion gallons. That's if the EPA sticks to its original plan. The agency is under heavy pressure to moderate its proposed cuts, or avoid them entirely.
Those cuts, if approved, would represent a productive step forward. But they wouldn't be enough. Congress should vote to repeal the renewable fuel standard entirely. The federal government shouldn't be telling people to burn less ethanol; it shouldn't be telling anyone to burn any of it at all.
Ahmedabad: Over a dozen surviving victims of the Gulberg society riots have sought a ban on NGOs from organising annual event on February 28 as a mark of solidarity to the people who lost their lives during the 2002 post-Godhra riots.
Fifteen people, who were living in Gulberg society when a violent mob attacked and killed 69 people including ex-Congress MP Ehsan Jafri, on February 28, 2002, submitted a letter to the city Police Commissioner yesterday in this regard.
The letter, signed by 15 people who still have houses there, also sought adequate security at Gulberg society on February 28.
"We request you to kindly provide sufficient security in our society to prevent these NGOs and outsiders from entering there to organise programmes in and around our society on February 28, so that on that day we are allowed to pay homage peacefully to our near and dear ones," reads the letter.
Without naming any NGO in the letter, the victims alleged that the organisations, which were regularly holding such events at their society for past 10 years, were "involved in making money for themselves in the name of providing financial support."
Citizens for Justice and Peace (CJP), an NGO of social activist Teesta Setalvad, which is active in providing legal assistance to the victims of 2002 post-Godhra riots, organises different programmes every year at the Gulberg society to show solidarity with the families of the victims.
"From the false promises given by these NGOs during the last ten years, it is proved beyond doubt that these NGOs and outsiders are involved in making money for themselves in the name of providing financial support to us by projecting us in poor condition," the victims have alleged in the letter.
"Every year after such functions, various schemes for rehabilitation of victims, financial support and/or support for reconstruction of houses are announced by these NGOs which are never implemented," they further alleged in the letter.
"Long back, one of these NGOs even promised to purchase all the damaged houses of our society at the current market price to convert the same into a museum. But during the last ten years nothing happened," they alleged.
Signatories of the two-page letter include Saeedkhan Pathan and Imtiyazkhan Pathan, who are prime witness victims of the Gulberg Society massacre case, trial of which is pending before a special court.
PTI
Story highlights A Georgia principal was fired after controversial remarks made at graduation
Nancy Gordeuk called out "all the black people" as attendees left the ceremony
(CNN) A Georgia educator who was caught on camera calling out "all the black people" for leaving a graduation ceremony during the valedictorian's speech has been fired.
"'In light of recent events, the board of directors of TNT Academy has moved to dismiss Nancy Gordeuk as principal," says a letter obtained by CNN.
Heidi Anderson, chairwoman of the board of directors at TNT Academy in Stone Mountain, signed the letter before sending it to the Gwinnett County chapter of the NAACP, which had called for Gordeuk's termination.
Gordeuk came under fire after being caught on video scolding attendees of Friday's ceremony who she said were disruptive, saying into a microphone, "You people are being so rude, to not listen to this speech. ... Look who's leaving ... all the black people."
The remark prompted cries from the audience as graduates stormed off the stage and the valedictorian shrank from the podium. The video spread across social media over the weekend, bringing calls for Gordeuk to lose her job.
Read More
Blood In The Skies
by G.D. Falksen
G.D. Falksen's steampunk epic launches with Blood In The Skies.
In 1908, the world ended in fire.
Humanity, always bad at following orders, refused to die. Now, two hundred years later, what remains are divided between civilized order and lawless frontier. For the citizens of the Commonwealth, the brave pilots of the Air Force are all that stand between them and the dreaded pirate lords of the Badlands. For generations, the two forces have struggled back and forth in an endless cycle of invasion and reprisal. Now that is about to change, and flying ace Elizabeth Steele is about to find herself dragged into a web of intrigue aimed at the downfall of the civilized world.
Nothing that a clever girl with a trusty aeroplane and a charming spy at her side can't handle.
Get it here.
When Roosevelt Row landed on the radar of the Arizona Legislature earlier this year, it seemed like everyone knew (or thought they knew) what was best for the area, which is recognized as one of the country's top neighborhoods and art districts.
The Phoenix City Council voted on January 20 to create the Roosevelt Business Improvement District, which would have taxed many property owners in the area to pay for services such as public safety and beautification that go above and beyond those already provided by the City.
But the Legislature swiftly passed a bill that killed the district once Governor Doug Ducey signed it into law on March 11. Several citizens expressed their views about the district to the legislature, but one comment by a district opponent stood out from the rest.
Continue Reading
During legislative hearings on the bill, downtown Phoenix property owner Erick Baer described artists in Roosevelt Row as "parasites who think everything is free." Which begged the question: Who gets the credit for making Roosevelt Row what it is today?
As part of our Questionable Content series, New Times reached out to several people to invite their thoughts on the question of who built Roosevelt Row. We gave them all the same question, and asked them to share their answer by e-mail. Here's that question, exactly as we asked it:
While debating the merits of a Roosevelt Row business improvement district (BID), downtown Phoenix property owner Erick Baer recently described the neighborhood's artists as “parasites that think everything is free” and praised business and property owners as the ones who built the neighborhood into what it is today. As the Arizona Legislature and the Phoenix City Council face off about the potential BID, others credit creatives with making the arts district what it is today. Who do you think built Roosevelt Row into a bustling hub?
Artist Annie Lopez, who says she hates having her picture taken, as a child. Annie Lopez
Annie Lopez
Artist
It's interesting that Mr. Baer doesn't realize artists are among those business people and property owners in the Roosevelt area. I have no clue how long Mr. Baer has been in the neighborhood, but artists have walked among his people for a very long time. Alwun House brought art to the area in the '70s! My favorite time on Roosevelt was the '90s, during the heyday of Metropophobobia and Planet Earth Theatre at the corner of Roosevelt and Third Street. Peter Ragan, at Metropophobobia, or the 'Bobe, presented live music, obscure records and magazines, original artwork and performance art. Next door, at Planet Earth Theatre, Peter Cirino and Molly Kellogg offered original theatre performances and a gallery space. These artists/business owners paid taxes, kept their lots clean, showed compassion for the less fortunate residents, brought people to the neighborhood and made it safe to be there. In 1999, Jeff Falk, Jack Evans, Randy Becker, Redbird Largo and I opened Artlab 16 (photo attached) at 515 E. Roosevelt. We participated in Art Detour and held monthly receptions. We included other local artists in our exhibits and performance art events. We would not have rented a space on Roosevelt if not for our great experiences at the 'Bobe and Planet Earth. It's too bad Mr. Baer chooses not to participate with his neighbors. The arts have been on Roosevelt for decades and would be just another street without the early art pioneers.
Tim Eigo, pictured with Janet Echelman's Her Secret is Patience. Dan Vermillion
Tim Eigo
Chair, Downtown Voices Coalition
Pity the Legislature and its speculator-supporters for their claimed bafflement about who built the artists district. Spoiler alert: It was the artists. Artists who did not end their involvement by simply being pioneers decades ago in neighborhoods filled with blight and vacancy. No, those artists also did something unknown to the speculators who sit atop unused empty lots: They rolled up their sleeves and gave. And gave. They created vibrant streetscapes and compelling, life-affirming spaces. They welcomed diversity and occupied historic and vintage buildings that others had abandoned. They built community — actual human interaction — that gave downtown one of its most-admired qualities. And, by the only metric that matters to some of our lawmakers, they increased the monetary value of downtown spaces. Yes, arts can lead to financial prosperity, as new apartment developers will happily confirm.
But no good deed goes unpunished. For all their work, the artists also happened to be increasing the value of those empty and barely used parcels owned by those with dollar signs in their eyes. Eager for a big payout but repulsed by the notion of helping to build their community, those speculators located fellow schemers in the Legislature willing to write special legislation to benefit the least worthy. A downtown was undermined. Decades of investment of blood, sweat and tears were scorned.
In the long war against cities, that vile word “parasites” may be the most insulting comment uttered downtown in decades — and that's saying something. History is littered with those who build and those who stand by and benefit. This is a setback for artists and arts advocates, but their contributions are immense, recognized, and transformative. They will weather this storm and continue to shape a community we can be proud of.
Artist Pete Petrisko, who has been known to pose for photographs with intriguing props. Pete Petrisko
Pete Petrisko
Artist
Roosevelt Row became a bustling hub because of many factors, and through the efforts of a lot of people, over the years.
First and foremost, creatives were increasingly drawn to the neighborhood as early as the mid-1980s, when housing was cheap and plentiful. The arts-related business community began relocating to the area in the mid-1990s, due in part to being displaced when Talking Stick Arena was built. By the early 2000s, iconic businesses like Modified Arts and MonOrchid gallery had taken root in the Row. Soon thereafter, coffee shops, restaurants, and other locally-owned businesses, began following suit (a nascent version of what we see today) building street-level success throughout that decade.
The neighborhood's artists (along with events like Artlink's First Friday and the community efforts of organizations like Roosevelt Row CDC) not only added to the bustle, but helped transform Phoenix's downtown arts community into a national draw.
Also, ASU's downtown campus opened in 2006, bringing an exuberant youthful population with it. Light Rail opened in 2008, bringing even larger crowds to the area. In the last few years, the Roosevelt Street Improvement Project made the pedestrian environment friendlier than its ever been, and the City of Phoenix has been doing its part to encourage more density throughout the city core.
Like I said, there are a lot of factors that came together to make Roosevelt Row what it is today. You can't point to just one thing and say that's what made it work.
However, the arts community has been a consistent presence throughout, no matter how many times downtown tried (and failed) to re-invent itself, paying in sweat equity and money for over 25 years, to help lay the groundwork. I do know that.
And we've never thought anything was free nor have we ever expected it to be, despite outlandish claims made otherwise.
Keep reading for answers from Liliana Gomez, Wayne Rainey, and Sara Cochran.
EXPAND Dancer and choreographer Liliana Gomez. Lauren Cusimano
Liliana Gomez
Dancer and choreographer
I recently moved back to Downtown Phoenix in the Garfield District and me either bike or walk to work everyday. Since I received your email, I have been asking myself this same question.
Traveling past Public Art pieces, murals, saying hello to familiar faces (our local creatives and artists), and seeing business owners setting up for the day, I look up and gaze upon a foreign future - cranes, construction (damn you, construction, for my flat bike) and new apartments going up where old familiars no longer are. The thoughts in my head? “Who's creating this space? Who has the power? Who has a say?”
I don't think I really want to know the answers to my own questions...
As an Artist myself who has been in the Downtown Phoenix scene since early 2000's, I must say it's The Artist who created this space. I remember 10 years ago what First Friday was like - just two blocks in radius and a few galleries with everyone creating work; renting out spaces to make pop-up galleries. It was exhilarating and exciting. Now we are in the future, and First Friday is a massive event. Hey, I ain't mad at it! It is the fruit of our work, our passion, our labor. The Artist creating a space people want to find and discover, spend money on, and give back to.
I don't know very many property owners. The ones I do are very active in the future of Roosevelt Row and I applaud them for wanting to do right by the community. They too have a big part in what has been created.
What I think would be magical is if property owners and the city talked to the community and what they thought was best for it. However, even if that were to occur, I don't know if they would take the feedback.
I have asked some of my close friends this question… “Hey, who do you think started the Downtown Phx Art Scene? The Artist or The Property Owners?”
And this has brought many great views into perspective.
I do not feel that we have the time to sit around and argue about this anymore.
For now, I feel that The Artist has to keep doing what they are doing: discovering new spaces, creating new ideas, and generating a community that will not be broken or torn down. As these Artists, we should back up establishments / owners / art centers that have been on the side of keeping The Artist's successful and resourceful enterprise in Downtown Phoenix.
Gentrification is a huge monster. Saying Artists are “parasites that think everything is free” is just straight drama. Can this person let me know where the free stuff is at?
We need to decide to join together and build an unbreakable union that will not design barriers and walls that halt The Artist from creating work and a forward moving community.
We must fight for what we believe in.
Wayne Rainey with one of his photographs. Wayne Rainey
Wayne Rainey
Director/Photographer
Rainey Studios
@monOrchid studios, co-labs, office and galleries
Sadly, sometimes people are unable to deal with their own failings and fear, and they blame others for having fallen short of their goals. I can see how having not taken the opportunity to participate in a nationally acclaimed neighborhood's revitalization could be tremendously painful for someone who could have, but did not, and then have to live with that in hindsight. I don't know Erick, so I can't possibly have an opinion on why he would have such an ill formed view of our neighborhood and its people but his logic is flawed so his point moot. The fact is, is that the business and property owners, and the artists he speaks of with contempt, are one in the same. The people that made this neighborhood what it is today are restaurateurs and coffee shop owners and boutique managers. They are also curators, waiters, designers, students and architects. But they are all artists - every one of them. No one but an artist would go through what was necessary to make this neighborhood work and stay with it day in and day out for all those years. Just look at it now. Roosevelt Row is one giant beautiful artist's canvas. I don't know what or who he's thinking of but I'm not sure I've ever even met him so it's all very unfortunate. He should come around and learn about the neighborhood. Perhaps if he attended one of the many monthly neighborhood meetings, he might better understand what evidently frightens him so much. If you see him let him know he has a standing invitation, and to the monOrchid as well. I'd be happy to buy him a coffee and show him what's what.
Sara Cochran, Director and Chief Curator for Scottsdale Museum of Contemporary Art. Sean Deckert
Sara Cochran
Director and Chief Curator, Scottsdale Museum of Contemporary Art
Artists are the recognized motor in changing dodgy neighborhoods into desirable locations around the world. They were the first to venture out and redefine areas like Soho in New York, and Williamsburg in Brooklyn; or Venice and downtown in Los Angeles; and even the East End and King's Cross in London. They have done this in Berlin, Istanbul, Barcelona and probably every major city existing. Not to mention the modest but extraordinary renaissance that is happening in Detroit right now. It seems perfectly clear that the hundreds, if not thousands, of individuals who choose to attend, enjoy and spend money at First Friday on Roosevelt Row are there for the excitement that is generated by the art, the galleries and the artists. Love it or hate it — it is a phenomenon that is unique in our community. Roosevelt Row's edge is its identification with a creative community that has been established there for a long time. Indeed, many of older businesses and property renovations in the neighborhood were driven by the sheer determination and sweat equity of artists. This is an old story, which has played out in countless cities, countless number of times. My advice is watch the artists. They drive the innovation and excitement. They lead the way. And like the Pied Piper they can pick up and start a new oasis somewhere else. Does anyone else think that Grand Avenue is probably starting to look rather interesting right about now?
A little over a year ago, we brought you a roundup of great Science Fiction & Fantasy classics available on the web. The free collection included everything from Aldous Huxley reading a dramatized version of Brave New World, to a BBC radio broadcast of Isaac Asimov's influential Foundation Trilogy, to an audiobook version of C.S. Lewis' The Chronicles of Narnia. We've been updating the page ever since, adding a Neil Gaiman story here, and a Philip K. Dick story there. So if you're a sci-fi fan, or if you're friends with a sci-fi fan, you'll want to pay a new visit to our collection: Free Science Fiction Classics on the Web: Huxley, Orwell, Asimov, Gaiman & Beyond. Also, if you notice any great resources missing from the list, don't hesitate to let us know in the comments below.
Note: a number of other sci-fi classics can be found in our collections of Free Audio Books and Free eBooks, not to mention or big list of Free Movies Online.
Find us on Facebook, Twitter and Google Plus and we'll make it easy to share intelligent media with your friends!
A Los Angeles couple who said they were banned from Disneyland's pricey and private Club 33 have sued the park, contending they were retaliated against for criticizing sexual harassment and other problems that arose as a result of new management.
“There is a waiting list to become a Club 33 member. It's our belief that new management has been told to force the older members out so they can bring in new members and charge them more with fewer benefits,” says Sean Macias, one of the plaintiffs' attorneys. “They're looking for any excuse. If you complain, you're out. If you're ill your membership will be suspended.”
Disneyland issued a statement late Thursday in which it said the termination of the couple's membership was terminated “due to multiple violations of Club 33 rules.”
“Like other private clubs, Club 33 has rules and regulations that address, among other things, member conduct,” the statement said. “All members must abide by these rules and regulations so that all members may enjoy Club 33 benefits without disruption.”
Club 33 is Disneyland's worst-kept secret, an exclusive private club located behind an unmarked door in New Orleans Square. With a dining room and lounge, the club is a retreat for people willing to shell out the high price of membership. Strict rules keep the secretive nature of the club intact.
There's a waiting list to join, even though initiation fees are now $50,000 and annual dues are $15,000, according to the lawsuit filed Dec. 4 in Orange County Superior Court by Carlton Enterprises, Inc., an Arizona-based company run by married couple Scott and Diana Anderson.
According to the breach-of-contract lawsuit, the Andersons bought an executive membership to the club through their consulting company in 2012, a membership that includes the Club 33 venues Le Salon Nouveau and Le Grand Salon. It also includes the right to go to the private 1901 Lounge at Disney California Adventure, and to invite their guests to use the club even when the members aren't present.
The complaint alleges that new management in 2016 caused a “tattletale atmosphere and … hostile environment” that led to sanctions against the couple for complaining about what they perceived as wrongful treatment of guests.
“When Scott Anderson sent an email to management regarding a member verbally attacking a terminally ill fellow Club 33 member, it was the Andersons who received a suspension letter. The atmosphere has become toxic. It's a ‘good old boys club' that's out of control. The Andersons aren't the only members who have been targeted. Others are just afraid to speak up.” according to a written statement by the couple's lawyer.
Attorney Robert E. Reichman said his clients were targeted because of complaints they made to management that included sexual harassment by members against club employees.
“It was more than one employee,” Reichman said. “There was groping, things you would expect from out of control club members.”
He said the Andersons have not decided whether they want to be reinstated to the club, or receive damages.
“They caused a lot of damage to these people, who are lifelong Disneyphiles,” Reichman said. “This is crushing to them.”
According to the suit, the couple was banned from the club and their membership revoked in October, after what they said was a medical issue was treated as a drunken episode.
“Their being kicked out was retaliation for trying to protect employees and be good members of the club,” Reichman said.
Jessica Hill/Associated Press
Even though Michael Jordan retired in 2003, the debate over whether he was better than LeBron James still dominates NBA talking points seemingly every day. As a result, there are plenty of opinions to go around.
Count retired Detroit Pistons big man Bill Laimbeer among those who thinks James is better than Jordan.
"I'll take LeBron James, absolutely," Laimbeer said to Etan Thomas on The Rematch podcast (h/t Marlowe Alter of the Detroit Free Press, via USA Today).
Laimbeer pointed to James' overall skill set in the comparison: "LeBron can do anything. Michael couldn't get all the rebounds. He couldn't be the assist man like LeBron James can. He was very focused on scoring, a deadly assassin, but the rest of the part of his game, LeBron James is better than Michael Jordan."
James himself talked about how he uses Jordan as motivation while letting others decide the debate among themselves, per Fox Sports Ohio:
It is important to point out the sourcing when it comes to Laimbeer. Jordan's Bulls battled Laimbeer's "Bad Boy" Pistons for years in the postseason, and there was certainly no love lost. Detroit knocked out Chicago in the Eastern Conference Finals in 1989 and 1990, but the Bulls swept the Pistons in the 1991 rematch.
From there, Jordan and the Bulls proceeded to win six titles in the decade as he staked his claim as the greatest ever.
James is striving to bolster his counterclaim with a fourth career title in this year's playoffs. If he can beat the mighty Golden State Warriors in the NBA Finals for the second straight year, Laimbeer will have another leg to stand on when comparing the King to the Pistons' former nemesis.
After enrollment in Baltimore public schools unexpectedly dropped following years of growth, officials are bracing for nearly $30 million in funding cuts and investigating whether hundreds of students were mistakenly kept on the rolls.
City schools chief executive Gregory Thornton said he launched the internal investigation into student rolls after he noticed discrepancies between attendance data and what he saw when he visited schools. He said he expected to find overcrowded classrooms — a common complaint from teachers — but often did not.
“It didn't add up,” Thornton said, noting that students were on the rolls but weren't present. “Maybe they were just luckily absent that day, but it got to the point of having to have conversations about data integrity, because we can't build this organization on false numbers. They've got to be real.”
Among some educators in city schools, the phenomenon has a name: “ghost students.”
State funding for Baltimore public schools would decline by about $25 million under Gov. Larry Hogan's proposed budget because of the drop in student population and other factors, including a formula that measures an area's wealth. City funding is expected to decline as much as $4 million in per-pupil funding.
District officials said they discovered “irregularities” and the extent of the problem — about 1,900 pupil slots will no longer be funded by taxpayers — when they took the annual student count Sept. 30. The district is required to report that number to the Maryland State Department of Education to help determine budgeting.
Although fewer students were enrolled in Baltimore schools, officials also believe mistakes were made. For instance, they said teachers might not have taken attendance consistently. The number of students could have been incorrect because the city's computerized attendance program automatically defaults to “present,” and teachers must manually note absences.
Principals also could have made mistakes when confirming student rosters before sending them to the central office, district officials said. They must determine whether students meet attendance and age requirements — and other criteria — to qualify for state and city funding.
School officials are still investigating why the student count was wrong — and for how long.
Union leaders representing teachers and principals said it is the district's responsibility to ensure that student rolls are correct when reported to the state. They also noted that educators have felt pressure from the central office to keep enrollment up — even if that meant keeping students on rosters when they were not attending school regularly.
The issue could have huge implications for one of the state's largest school districts, which has nearly 85,000 students in kindergarten through 12th grade and a $1.2 billion budget. The district has had years of budget problems, including an unforeseen deficit of $60 million that grew to $100 million last year, forcing the first layoffs in more than a decade.
The budget cuts “will drastically impact a number of activities we're actively pursuing, not the least of which is the 21st-century plan,” said Marnell Cooper, chairman of the city school board, referring to a $1 billion plan to consolidate, renovate and rebuild schools.
Still, Cooper cast the discovery of the enrollment problem as the result of improved accountability in the district. He noted that the school closure and renovation plan is aimed at making the district more efficient by creating an infrastructure that matches enrollment and student needs.
“I can confirm that Dr. Thornton and his team found discrepancies, but as a result, our processes are better,” he said. “I get [that] the initial shock will be painful, but at the same time, we are really trying to right-size this district.”
Thornton, who has been CEO since July 2014, said that when district officials began closely examining the rolls last spring, they determined that about 230 students should have been withdrawn for that school year but were still being counted and funded.
When students returned in the fall, district officials began a more thorough review of the rolls. Each school district must count the number of students who meet funding criteria every year.
For instance, district officials said they found 864 students who did not meet the state's attendance requirement last fall, compared with 114 the year before. Among the criteria, students must be present one day in September and one day in October without 10 consecutive unexcused absences.
District officials also said they did not heed red flags. Hundreds of city students on the rolls had no grades or standardized test scores recorded for them, according to Theresa Jones, chief achievement and accountability officer. She said those students should have been flagged and removed from the list earlier.
“There were protocols that may have been in place that weren't followed through,” she said.
Some teachers have referred in recent years to “ghost students” being on their rosters. District officials said they had not heard the term but continue to investigate.
Thornton declined to be more specific about what he called “irregularities” that officials found in past practices.
Buy Photo Delaware Gov. Jack Markell said Thursday that he supports the effort to repeal Delaware's death penalty. (Photo: KYLE GRANTHAM/THE NEWS JOURNAL)Buy Photo
Delaware Gov. Jack Markell has blocked an attempt by a lawmaker and a leading open government advocate to publicize the "secret" email address the governor uses to conduct public business.
But the governor's top lawyer acknowledged that Markell's pseudonym is among the "worst-kept secrets in state government," saying that members of the media, including The News Journal, have requested records from the account.
Markell has emailed using the address Alan.Jackson@state.de.us since his first term in office.
Buy Photo State Rep. John Kowalko, D-Newark, said Delaware Gov. Jack Markell is dodging transparency by sending and receiving emails under a pseudonym. (Photo: SUCHAT PEDERSON/THE NEWS JOURNAL)
State Rep. John Kowalko, a Newark Democrat, and John Flaherty, president of the Delaware Coalition for Open Government, sent Markell Freedom of Information Act request seeking the governor's pseudonym email address.
Andrew Lippstone, Markell's lawyer, defended Markell's right to use a "secret" email, but refused to publicly acknowledge the address in his response to Kowalko and Flaherty.
Markell also has access to jack.markell@state.de.us, and governor.markell@state.de.us, Lippstone said.
"The reason the governor maintains a third email address on the state system is probably the same reason that virtually every chief executive has a 'direct dial' phone line that is distinct from his or her company's main number," Lippstone wrote.
"The governor receives dozens, sometimes hundreds, of communications every day. Every constituent who reaches out to the governor deserves to have his or her concerns addressed."
Markell's office also denied a request by The News Journal under Delaware's Freedom of Information Act to provide three years' worth of emails sent and received by the governor under a pseudonym or alias.
On April 16, The News Journal requested "digital copies of all emails sent and received by Alan.Jackson@state.de.us, and any other pseudonym/alias email addresses used by Gov. Jack Markell, between January 1, 2012 and December 31, 2014."
Lippstone denied access to those emails, calling the request excessively broad. "It is the intention and policy of the Markell administration to be responsive to reasonable requests for access to public records. However, excessively broad requests for public records do not comport with the standard of 'reasonable access' set forth in FOIA," Lippstone wrote.
On Tuesday, Kowalko said in a written statement that "Attorney Lippstone's response on behalf of the governor appears to insulate Gov. Markell and his office from their responsibility to Delaware law and the public's right to transparency."
Buy Photo John Flaherty, president of the Delaware Coalition for Open Government (Photo: BOB HERBERT/THE NEWS JOURNAL)
Kowalko and Flaherty say Markell's use of a pseudonym to conduct public business effectively shields the governor from transparency mandates, making it more difficult to request the governor's emails and track his communications.
The governor's emails are subject to FOIA disclosure, while lawmakers' communications are protected by confidentiality provisions.
"At best the governor's response to my legitimate request for information is disappointing, and at worst it displays an arrogance and willingness to deliberately stifle transparency in our government," said the Monday letter, which was signed by Kowalko and Flaherty.
Markell's office says emails sent from, and received by, the governor's pseudonym account are subject to open records laws, though lawyers routinely redact the address when responding to requests.
Lippstone said Markell "strongly disagrees with the implication that there is anything secretive or or untoward about his use of email. The Governor takes seriously his obligations under the Freedom of Information Act, and he and his staff work hard to ensure compliance with FOIA and any other laws and policies that might apply."
Read or Share this story: http://delonline.us/1Gf93Sh
Credit: Greg Capullo (DC Comics)
Credit: DC Comics
The recent announcement that DC's Rebirth event would bring back "the best of DC's past" signaled the end of the "New 52."
Love it or hate it, DC's "New 52" initiative was an attention-getter for the company at a time when even company executives admitted the industry needed a "shot in the arm." The changes brought about by the "New 52" of 2011 were drastic. Not only was DC discarding its decades-long numbering system and launching newer, younger versions of its superheroes, but the company was releasing its digital versions of comic books the same day it released print.
So as we get ready to sound the death knell for the "New 52," Newsarama took a moment to look back at the timeline of the nearly five-year era — the multiple waves of new titles, the group launches along the way, and the significant changes and shifts that made the New 52 what it is… er… was.
September Heard Throughout the Industry
On the final day of August, DC's entire timeline was reset, thanks to some in-story time-traveling and a few other supernatural factors from Flashpoint. What resulted was a reboot of DC's most popular franchises.
All of DC's titles started over at #1, launching exactly 52 new ongoing series, from high-profile titles like Grant Morrison and Rags Morales' bully-fighting Superman in Action Comics #1 and Geoff Johns and Jim Lee's reboot of the Justice League, to brand-new chances for lesser-seen titles like Static Shock and I, Vampire.
All the titles were divided into "families," or categories, when they were first launched, as DC seemed anxious to diversify its line -- mirroring somewhat, how they were divided internally to editors. There were groupings for the Justice League books, the Batman books, and the Superman books. There was also a group known as "Green Lantern," since the franchise had become so successful since its Geoff Johns-led rebirth in 2005.
But the other three groups were perhaps a little less expected — "Young Justice" for DC teen heroes; "The Edge" for books that have more of a gritty feel to them; and "The Dark," which usually deals with the supernatural.
DC heavily advertised the relaunch, and the print sales success was significant; along with adding to the digital audience, DC's decision to make all #1 issues returnable encouraged retailers to order heavily. Ten "New 52" titles exceeded 100,000 in September, and some even doubled that.
Credit: DC Comics
Some of the launches remained in high numbers for a while — particularly those about the Trinity, from the acclaimed Wonder Woman title to the still-best-selling Batman. But others didn't take as well. A series of creator shifts at DC didn't help, with a few even bad-mouthing the company's approach to its relaunch as they left.
Second Wave
By May 2012, DC had canceled six titles, but they would be replaced by six new titles as part of what the company called the "Second Wave." The new list appeared to be along the same lines as the first launch. Among the comic books were expected best-sellers like Batman Incorporated and unusual comic books like Dial H and G.I. Combat.
The Second Wave was also the launch of DC's focus on characters from a secondary earth, with Earth 2 and Worlds' Finest both featuring the Multiverse.
It became clear that DC was not just trying to simplify its universe, but was instead interested in diversifying its line, diversifying its worlds, and, assumedly, diversifying its readership.
September Events
Credit: DC Comics
Although DC initially shied away from major crossovers and events, the month of September each year was reserved for sales-boosting, themed events that crossed the entire line. In 2012, "Zero Month" told pre-"New 52" stories about the rebooted universe with a series of #0 issues. In 2013, DC featured "Villains Month," as Johns launched a new mini-series titled Forever Evil. And in 2014, the entire line tied into the Futures End weekly by jumping ahead five years.
By 2013, as the "New 52" was into its third year, the focus of the line-up started to shift. DC quietly stopped featuring its "families" in its solicitations. The "Young Justice" titles dwindled down to having only one ongoing left (Teen Titans), and many of the "Edge" and "Dark" books that launched in 2011 didn't fare well, and most of the more quirky titles went by the wayside.
Instead, DC started to beef up its better-known characters — namely, Batman, Superman and Wonder Woman. When DC rebooted its universe in 2011, the Superman and Batman families combined for 15 titles. By February 2014, just over two years later, Superman and Batman — or members of their "family" — combined for 23 titles.
Hello Weeklies
Credit: DC Comics
In spring 2014, DC kicked off two weeklies that ran at the same time: The New 52: Futures End and Batman Eternal. Releasing two concurrent, long-running weekly series at the same time was a new strategy for DC, and it became even more unprecedented when the company added a third weekly series in October 2014, the six-month-long Earth 2: World's End.
While Eternal and Futures End experienced sales success — and the former spawned a sequel that's running currently, Batman and Robin Eternal — the third weekly didn't do quite as well.
But weekly seemed to be a new direction at DC, and it's one that has been maintained in various forms ever since. Even when the company hasn't been running an official weekly, there have consistently been weekly, crossover storylines like "Truth" in the Superman books and Robin War in some of the Bat-books.
The "New 52" had evolved from a diverse line-up of titles to a series of connected books that all exist within a universe dominated by Batman, Superman and Wonder Woman, and a few other Justice League characters.
New Diversity
Credit: DC Comics
That said, there have been moves toward diversifying the DC line, but those changes have been made in a completely different manner than what was done during the "New 52" relaunch.
In September 2011, the attempt at variety was made through different titles — some about young people, one about vampires, another about cowboys, etcetera.
This time around, beginning in October 2014, the diversity was in the art and the approach. With titles like Batgirl, Gotham Academy and a mobster-focused Catwoman, the diversification was happening within the Batman universe.
And with the success of Harley Quinn, a book that was filled with — dare we say it? — humor, it looked like DC was taking its diversification in a whole new direction.
Continuity What?
By June 2015, DC appeared to be expanding the "variety" approach to other areas. Not only did they introduce a new line-up of titles that seemed to reach out to new audiences — with Bat-Mite, Prez, We Are Robin and Black Canary — but they also announced that the company would be less beholden to continuity itself.
After April and May's Convergence event pretty much shattered the meaning of the word "52" (with the Multiverse becoming infinite again), DC started to back away from the "New 52" moniker, changing it to "DCYou," and introduced a new slate of #1 issues, many of which weren't set in the same universe as the others.
What's Next?
The "New 52" might not technically exist after June's Rebirth, but it's likely we haven't seen the last of its stories and characters. From what DC has been implying in promotions for Rebirth, the "New 52" will be streamlined to the same type of characters that mainstream audiences are seeing in TV and movies— not dumping all of the "New 52" continuity necessarily, but instead taking those things that made sense (both before and during the "New 52"), then heightening them in a new, fresh start.
Signature gifts for the business community from PM @narendramodi. pic.twitter.com/uDWdAxvw5f — Syed Akbaruddin (@MEAIndia) September 29, 2014
Boeing wants to accelerate engagement with India - James McNerney, CEO of Boeing to PM @narendramodi. pic.twitter.com/ha8r43hM0A — Syed Akbaruddin (@MEAIndia) September 29, 2014
Business more than breakfast is on agenda at PM @narendramodi Business Breakfast. pic.twitter.com/EU5mI2dQcp — Syed Akbaruddin (@MEAIndia) September 29, 2014
NEW YORK: Over a power-packed breakfast meeting with captains of 11 large American corporations, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday pitched for big-ticket investments to develop India's infrastructure and create more jobs and enhance the quality of life.The Prime Minister is believed to have pitched the India story in his interactions with the top executives, including Indian-origin PepsiCo CEO Indra Nooyi, Google chairman Eric Schmidt and Citigroup chief Michael Corbat. He also discussed steps that can be taken to enhance India's business environment."India is open-minded. We want change. Change that is not 1 sided. Am I discussing with citizens, industrialists & investors," the spokesman of the ministry of external affairs Syed Akbaruddin tweeted, quoting the Prime Minister as saying."Infrastructure development is a big opportunity; it creates jobs & enhances quality of life of our citizens," Modi told the CEOs.Significantly, all companies already have considerable presence in India and their chiefs are believed to have expressed intention to further expand their engagements with the Indian government and enhance their business presence in the country.Those present at the breakfast meeting also included Mastercard CEO Ajay Banga, Cargill's president and CEO David W MacLennan, Caterpillar's Douglas Oberhelman, AES' Andres Gluski, Merck's Kenneth Frazier, co-founder and co-CEO of Carlyle Group David Rubenstein, Hospira's Michael Ball and Warburg Pincus's Charles Kaye.The over one-hour-long breakfast meet was followed by one-on-one meetings with six CEOs of Boeing, KKR, BlackRock, IBM, General Electric and Goldman Sachs.This is the first extensive business engagement in the US of the Prime Minister, who will also attend business meets in Washington tomorrow during his second leg of the 5-day visit.
The major electoral event scheduled for 2017 in Wales is the local elections. On 4th May, all of Wales' twenty-two local authorities are up for full re-election. Most of these last had elections in 2012; because of some ‘local difficulties', the election in Ynys Môn was suspended until 2013. But proposals made before the 2016 Assembly election for the re-structuring of the local government map in Wales, it is the same authorities that will be elected once again this year.
In 2012 (except for viewers in Ynys Môn) the elections were a considerable triumph for the Labour party, following on from their best-ever Assembly election performance the previous year. The following table summarises the overall pattern of results in the twenty-one authorities that held elections (with changes on the 2008 results in brackets)
Party Councillors Won Authorities won Labour 577 (+237) 10 (+8) Plaid Cymru 158 (-39) 0 Conservative 105 (-67) 0 (-2) Lib-Dems 72 (-92) 0 Independents 323 (-30) 2 (-1) Others 18 (-10) 0
(Nine of the twenty-one authorities elected ended up under ‘No Overall Control' of a single party, a decline of five from the situation after the 2008 elections. A more detailed write-up of the results is available here).
Clearly in 2012 Labour did extremely well, rebounding very strongly after disappointing local elections in 2004 and 2008. Such was the strength of the Labour tide that all other forces suffered a set-back. The Liberal Democrats did horribly, as they did in all sets of local elections during the life of the Westminster coalition government. But the Conservatives also had a significant set-back; Plaid Cymru held their ground slightly better, but still made a net loss equivalent to around one fifth of the seats they had been defending. UKIP were not a significant force in the elections at all.
Why did Labour do so well? Much of it was doubtless down to hard work by their candidates and local parties. But I daresay many of their opponents were also working hard. Strongly in Labour's favour was the national mood. There is a very long-standing pattern that national politics shapes the local election performance of all the major parties.
Why should this be? Local councils have their own responsibilities, and we elect their members ourselves. Surely the behaviour of UK- or Welsh-level politicians and the popularity of national parties should have no more relevance to the electoral prospects of local councillors than does the behaviour of Kanye West and Kim Kardashian?
Well, this might seem so. But there is undoubtedly often some spill-over from one electoral arena to another. In the United States, for example, the President's party normally does poorly in the mid-term elections. Local elections in the UK are similarly a good example of ‘second order election' theory in practice: whereby, in elections perceive by much of the public as less important than ‘first order' ones (such as U.S Presidential elections, or UK general elections), we tend to witness a number of consistent phenomena:
Fewer people both to turn out to vote
Governing parties in the ‘first order' arena tend to do poorly; and
Political unpopular parties in the ‘first order' arena also tend to do poorly
Combining the latter two points, unpopular governing parties tend to do particularly badly: see the Conservatives in the mid-1990s, Labour a decade later, and the Lib-Dems from 2010-15.
These national effects are not absolute and all-encompassing. The national trends can sometimes be bucked by very good or indeed bad local councils and candidates, and by active and effective local campaigning. But the overall effects are strong and consistent.
So what expectations should we therefore have for this year's elections? I hesitate to discuss this, given that normal political rules seem to have been suspended across much of the democratic world in the last eighteen months. But, without making any outright predictions, I would make the following observations:
Labour: At the time of the 2012 local elections, Labour was polling around 50% in Wales for both Westminster and the Assembly (constituency vote). In short, the 2012 local elections came at pretty much the ideal time for Labour, at a 21st century high water-mark in terms of their popularity in Wales. The situation is much less favourable for Labour now. Their poll ratings are now about twenty points lower. It seems inevitable that Labour will be on the defensive, and they are likely to lose ground. Their one saving grace – as it always seems to be in Wales – might be the weakness of their opponents in many places.
Conservatives: The Conservatives are in government at the UK level, which would normally predict them doing poorly in the local elections. But for a party well into the mid-term stage they are performing remarkably strongly in the polls. So it is difficult to know what to expect. We should probably also note that the Tory performance in local council by-elections in recent years has been patchy at best. So we should perhaps expect relatively modest overall gains, with significant variation in local performances.
Plaid Cymru: Local by-elections since 2012 have confirmed Plaid Cymru's status as the second party of Welsh local government. But they are currently a long way behind Labour, and although they have had some good by-election performances in recent years, their presence and performance in local elections remains inconsistent. We should be expecting some gains overall, but again probably considerable variation in performances.
Liberal Democrats: Recent months have seen the Lib-Dems performing strongly in many local by-elections in England. There have also been a small number of good performances in Wales (and only a tiny number in Scotland). But these local recoveries by the party have not yet been reflected in improved poll ratings – which is puzzling, as the trends lines of local by-elections and poll ratings tend to move roughly in parallel. What this probably points to in Wales in 2017 is some recovery, but again only in some places.
UKIP: UKIP of course now have a significant presence in the Assembly, while they continue to poll respectably here for both Westminster and the Assembly. Yet they remain utterly insignificant in Welsh local government; recent local by-elections have seen them often failing to stand candidates, and generally performing poorly even when they do stand. So will UKIP even manage to have many candidates? And will many – even any – of them actually win?
Nationwide Series driver Jeremy Clements explained in detail Thursday exactly how he finds himself suspended indefinitely from NASCAR competition.
In a one-on-one interview with ESPN, Clements would not verbalize the specific comments he made, but when pressed for clarity about whether or not it was racial, he paused. Asked again, "Was it racial or not? Maybe not in context, but in term?" Clements replied: "Correct."
"When you say 'racial' remark, it wasn't used to describe anybody or anything," Clements said. "So that's all I'm going to say to that. And it really wasn't. I was describing racing, and the word I used was incorrect and I shouldn't have said it. It shouldn't be used at all."
A source told ESPN.com's David Newton on Wednesday that Clements was banned for using a racial slur while talking to a reporter. NASCAR officials wouldn't offer specifics on what Clements said, only that it was an "intolerable and insensitive remark" that violated the sanctioning body's Code of Conduct for actions detrimental to stock car racing.
Clements said he only said the word once. The remarks, he said, were made Saturday following the driver's meeting at Daytona International Speedway. Upon exiting the meeting, Clements said a female NASCAR employee who was escorting a reporter from MTV approached him.
According to Clements, the NASCAR employee asked him if he knew the location of driver Johanna Long's transporter. He did, and said he escorted the pair to the transporter personally.
"And while we're walking they started, he [MTV] started, asking me questions," Clements said. "And it wasn't recorded. We were just talking. So I said one remark about how I wouldn't ..."
He stopped short.
"I can't say that part," he said.
"That's pretty much how it happened," he continued. "And even after I said what I said, they still kept asking me questions. It didn't seem like it was a big deal at all. I didn't even think twice about it, like, after. I know I shouldn't have said it. Even when I did say it, I shouldn't have said it. But I didn't think it was going to be a big deal."
The remark lands Clements in NASCAR suspension for a minimum of two races, he said. He also said he must undergo some sort of speech advisement, the details of which he did not have at the time of the interview.
So if the comment wasn't recorded, how did it come to light?
"Because I was an honest person," he said. "There was just three people standing there when I said this. And it was me, a girl that works for NASCAR and the MTV guy. There were no cameras. No recording. No nothing."
Clements said he had attended church Sunday night, and upon exiting noticed a pair of messages on his phone from NASCAR.
"I had two more messages and I was like, golly, something's just not right," he said. "So I called back, and the guy asked me point-blank: 'Hey, did you say this word?' And I said, 'Yes, I did.' I was being honest. I did. I messed up. It was just one word and it wasn't about anybody. It wasn't even used as that."
Clements said his emotions "are pretty bad. I'm pretty hurt, for sure. I've never gotten into trouble with NASCAR. Not one time. We're just a small family team, just trying to survive and run the whole season. This is our third full season. And I was supposed to be on a plane right now going to Phoenix to race.
"And then this hit me late [Wednesday] afternoon. I've known about it since Sunday night, when I got a phone call. But I did not think it was going to be like this. I just thought I'd be fined like most normal guys have been fined.
"But not suspended for this. But I'm going to do what they want me to do so I can get back in the car as soon as possible. I think it's a little harsh, but it's their rules. It's their game."
Information from ESPN.com's David Newton was used in this report.
The Big Bad Wolf stock figure of so many children's fairy tales, has surfaced again.
!ADVERTISEMENT!
This time it's in France, where there has been an outcry from animal rights groups since wolf hunts have resumed due to increased attacks by the animals after their "European comeback."
Wolves were originally hunted to extinction by farmers in France back in the 1930s, but in 1992 a mating pair crossed the border from Italy. It is now estimated that there are around 300 individuals in 25 packs across France.
For many people, this is good news, but the Daily Telegraph reports that hunters, "wolf lieutenants," and local farmers have grouped together to carry out a cull on the animals after sheep farmers complained of incessant attacks on their flocks.
This is in spite of the fact that the wolf is a protected species under the Berne convention and European law, meaning that it can no longer be hunted or poisoned.
So how can these hunts be legal?
It turns out that there are exceptions to this rule.
Culls can take place when all other attempts at protecting local livestock have failed. Under a government wolf plan, some 24 individuals can be "removed" in this way per year.
As it happens, the attacks have been happening just 25 miles inland from the top tourist spot of Nice on the French Riviera, and just 15 miles from Grasse, known as France's perfume capital, which might explain the push for a cull. The hills in this region of the Var, called Caussols, have lost around 100 sheep to the grey wolf.
Conservation groups are understandably furious at the decision to re-introduce wolf-hunting.
"To return to wolf hunts as if we were in the Middle Ages is scandalous. That the local authorities are organizing them is even worse," said Jean-FranÃ§ois Darmstaedter, president of Ferus, who threatened to challenge their legality in the European courts.
"We call them 'political killings' as their only aim is to allow farmers to let off steam but they will solve nothing. Blindly shooting wolves will have no effect other than to exacerbate the problem. If you kill the alpha male, you can split up a pack, which will cause far more damage."
And in fact, public opinion today is very much on the wolf's side. A recent poll, commissioned by a pro-wolf group, found that 80 percent of French people wanted wolves to be protected from farmers, rather than sheep from wolves.
Continue reading at ENN affiliate, Care2.
Wolf image via Shutterstock.
Digix Dev Update — 10 October 2017 — Website update, Tech Progress, Meetups, Forum Discussion, Changes in Dev Team
Digix Blocked Unblock Follow Oct 10, 2017
Website Updated with new team additions
We have updated our site with the new team members at Digix.
Visa Panel Discussion
Last week, Shaun represented Digix and spoke on a panel, titled “self-regulation around crypto projects and token generating events”, where we also saw distinguished panel speakers such as Mr. Sopnendu Mohanty (Chief Fintech Officer from MAS), Dr David Lee (Professor at Singapore University of Social Sciences), close associate and friend, David Moskowitz (Founder and CEO of Indorse). It was encouraging to see interaction between top brasses from a regulatory perspective, to the ones being on the ground generating value like ourselves and Indorse.
Visa Panel Discussion
Tech Progress — Roadmap
Product Catalog moved from in progress to completed and awaiting tests
Digix Admin moved towards 80% completion
POA Interactive moved towards 30% completion
Marketplace Service minor bugfix resolved
Core 2 Unit testing now 35% completed
Roadmap PDF found here
Chris Begins Handover, Becomes Digix Advisor
Chris has decided to leave Digix to restart his digital nomadic lifestyle. We would like to thank him for being with us and we wish him all the best in his future endeavors. This does not mean that there will no longer be a working relationship between Chris and Digix. On the contrary, we will continue to maintain close contact as he will be visiting us frequently as an advisor and collaborator. Several open source initiatives that was started at Digix will continue to be collaborated upon. He has begun handing over of all work to our current pool of developers. He also gets a lifetime supply of Digix T-shirts (subjected to terms and conditions).
Reign of Digix T-shirts
Our new developers handing over from Chris
Meetups happening this week, organized by Digix
We are organizing two meetups this week.
Bancor (11 Oct 2017)
On June 12 the Bancor protocol broke crowdsale records, raising $153 million in 2.5 hours. The goal: to create a new form of currency called ‘smart tokens', and use them to bring total liquidity to all cryptocurrencies & ignite a long tail of cryptocurrencies for every use case we humans can come up with.
Visit https://www.bancor.network/ for more information
About the speaker:
Eddy has been a blockchain geek since being introduced to Bitcoin a few months before it broke $1000 in 2013. Since then he's helped start the Bitcoins in Bali group, re-start the Bitcoin Singapore meetup, and growth hacked for companies like TenX, Golem, and now Bancor.
Bluzelle (Oct 12 2017)
Bluzelle provides an on-demand, decentralized database network that gives applications better performance, greater reliability and massive scalability.
Learn what the decentralized internet is all about and why one blockchain doesn't do everything.
About the speaker:
Pavel is the CEO and co-founder of Bluzelle. Prior to founding Bluzelle in 2014, Pavel was in digital media running game companies and working with Disney, Microsoft, DreamWorks, Electronic Arts. Pavel is also a contributor to CoinDesk, Forbes, Fast Company and others.
This event will be livestreamed at the link below:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VOyTwBn-aRE
A student has been diagnosed with a condition that causes her to taste and smell different foods every time she hears certain words.
Annie Bird, 19, tastes mango juice every time she hears a song by pop star Lana Del Rey.
She also tastes stale bread when she hears the word 'judge', while the word 'left' makes her feel as if she has eaten McDonald's chips.
Now the University of Sussex is studying Annie and has devised an online test you can take to see if you suffer from lexical-gustatory synaesthesia - which is thought to affect one in 500 people.
Annie revealed her senses can become overloaded - such as when she tastes cement and rotten food - causing her panic attacks.
'Having this condition makes me more creative and certainly makes listening to music a lot more interesting than if I was just listening to it normally,' she said.
'Most people think what I have is a bit mad, and I suppose it is, but it's what's makes me different and I like that.'
To test if you have the condition visit here.
Annie Bird, 19, has suffered with lexical-gustatory synaesthesia all her life
The theatre student says that she remembers first experiencing the condition at one year old
WORDS AND SOUNDS ANNIE TASTES The 1975 - bubble bath Lana Del Rey - mango juice being poured down her throat Stormzy- moist, freshly baked, muffins The band Glass Animals - thick chlorine-tasting liquid Bongo drums - oranges, and sometimes patatas bravas Stella - rubbery cheese and tuna Oblige - sweet porridge Left - chips Glass - saliva Judge - stale bread Lotion - blackcurrant milk Michelle - cold metal Cherish - fabric shoved in her mouth Music - sweet toothpaste People - the smell of aeroplanes Ostrich - salty, warm, fluffy, tangy dust The sound of a car going over gravel - fruity
'I assumed everyone tasted songs'
Annie, from Edinburgh, also revealed that when she hears hip hop legend Stormzy perform triggers the taste of delicious freshly-baked muffins.
She also tastes bubble bath when songs by the rock band The 1975 are played and rubbery cheese mixed with tuna after hearing the name 'Stella'.
She said she has had the rare disorder her entire life.
Annie's first memory of having a 'word-taste' experience was when she first started talking aged one, when her parents, Cathy Abbott, 56, and Adrian Bird, 70, played the electronic band, Lemon Jelly, at her family home.
She said: 'I remember really tasting the music. It was a really strong chemical taste, but I assumed everyone tasted it, too.'
But when she started telling friends about the whacky sensations she experienced she started to research her symptoms.
'I've had it for as long as I can remember. I always thought it was normal, and that everyone else tasted certain words or music,' said Annie, who is studying theatre at Glasgow University.
'It was only when I was 13, when I was watching a YouTube video, that I heard of synaesthesia - which is where a sensation in one of the senses, like hearing, triggers a sensation in another, such as taste.
'I started researching it and came across lexical-gustatory synaesthesia and thought, 'that's me!'
The University of Sussex says many people will be unaware they have the condition and will presume like Annie did that everyone else experiences the same symptoms
Disgusting tastes
Annie completed a questionnaire on a psychology website, which confirmed she has a type of synaesthesia where she sees colours when she reads or hears numbers and months.
She says her online research confirmed her self-diagnosis.
'Because the condition is more of a psychological one, rather than medical one, and there's nothing that can be done to fix it, I thought I would trust what it said online, rather than going to the doctor,' she explained.
Some of the more bizarre tastes Annie experiences when hearing certain words include rubbery cheese and tuna, blackcurrant milk, cold metal and fabric
The 19-year-old revealed her senses can become overloaded
Throughout her life, Annie has experienced the random, and often unpalatable, tastes.
She said: 'Sometimes, when people are talking to me, I try not to wince or spit if they say certain words which taste horrible.
'It's not a common word, but the colour 'puce' makes me taste rotten food, which is really disgusting.
'And the word 'thrills' is like the smell of cement in my mouth, while the sound of bongo drums makes me taste oranges, or sometimes the Spanish tapas dish, patatas bravas.'
Panic attacks
Sometimes Annie's senses can become overloaded, leading to her experience mild panic attacks.
She said: 'When I started listening to music by myself, it sometimes became overwhelming.
'I try not to make a big deal of it when I taste strange things, but when I do try to explain what's happening, some people think I'm exaggerating. They say it's not a real condition, when I tell them about it - but it certainly is.
'The taste isn't specific to voices or accents, but it's the tone of certain words and lyrics which gets me. My reactions can be especially powerful if I am reading, too.'
Annie is sharing her story to help other people, who may have similar symptoms, but don't know why, to be aware of the condition.
She said: 'Whenever I hear a word or a piece of music, I experience a really random taste, too.
The Glasgow University student pictured with her mother Cathy Abbott and brother in 2015
'There are probably lots of other people out there with the condition who don't know what it is, and I want to help them.'
'People don't know they have it'
President of the UK Synaesthesia Association James Wannerton, 58, who also has lexical-gustatory synaesthesia, said: 'Lexical-gustatory synaesthesia is extremely rare condition and a lot people who I speak to through the association self-diagnose
'Often when people go to their GP there's not much he or she can do because there is no cure, and so many people don't even know they have it.'
Professor Julia Simner, Director of Multisense Synaesthesia Laboratory at the University of Sussex, said: 'Lexical-gustatory synaesthesia is a condition that causes unusual taste experiences in response to everyday activities like reading.
'We have a large European funded project to study synaesthesia across the lifespan and have recently developed a number of online tests for synaesthesia, and some specifically for this condition.
'We're currently validating our tests now on large samples of people with synaesthetic tastes, and ask people, like Annie, to take part in our online test.'
Tugce A. intervened on behalf of the weak and paid for it with her life. This courageous Turkish-German student stepped in to protect defenseless young girls who were being harassed by thugs, and became a victim herself. Tugce died on her 23rd birthday as the result of a brutal beating. The whole of Germany is in mourning for this brave and vibrant young woman. The whole of Germany is bowing its head in respect and admiration for her.
On the night of her death hundreds of people held a candlelight vigil in front of the hospital where she lay, until her life support machines were switched off. Hundreds of thousands have registered their sympathy and admiration on social media. Politicians, too, have been expressing their condolences: Not only has German President Joachim Gauck written to her parents to express his shock at her death, he is also considering posthumously awarding the national Order of Merit to Tugce for her civil courage.
The Dominik Brunner case
The terrible death of this young Turkish-German woman is a stark reminder of a very similar incident in Germany five years ago. Yet much about this case is different. Five years ago a company manager called Dominik Brunner stepped in to protect defenseless schoolchildren on a suburban train, and was beaten to death. The fact that his intervention on behalf of the weak cost him his life prompted weeks of discussion in Germany about the price of civil courage and whether it made sense. Dominik Brunner was also the object of a wave of sympathy and respect.
DW's Verica Spasovska
Then, as now, we can all ask ourselves the question: What would I have done if others, weaker than I, were in danger? Would I be brave enough to show as much civil courage; to take a risk, even if it might be dangerous for me? Then, as now, prevailing public opinion is that the right thing to do is to intervene, even if in the worst case the price for such intervention may be appallingly high.
Dominik Brunner's fate soon disappeared from the headlines. Will Tugce's death quickly sink into oblivion, too? Hopefully not, because in addition to all the parallels with Dominik Brunner's death, there is another aspect to this case. Tugce's tragic death offers an opportunity because it could change the way we look at our negatively charged immigration debate.
The integrated migrants Germany needs
All too often discussion about immigration in Germany is confined to problem cases, marginal groups, those immigrants who don't want to integrate and who live in their own parallel world. This time, however, it is the hero herself who, like her alleged assailants, had a migrant background. We see a young woman with Turkish roots who wanted to become a teacher and was interested in her own social advancement. A student who took a stand for peaceful coexistence. A representative of that large group of people with foreign roots who make a substantial contribution to social development in Germany, and from which Germany benefits significantly - demographically, economically, culturally.
Countless studies have confirmed these findings, but dates, facts and figures have little influence on public debate, which is usually conducted at an emotional level. As so often, it is the fate of the individual that makes the greatest impact upon us. In this case it is that of a brave young Turkish-German woman whom every German has now taken to their heart.
The Burning Abyss has exploded out of Duelist Alliance, becoming recognised as one of the top strategies after the set was released. With Shaddoll, Yang Zing and Satellarknight Decks all becoming stronger with The New Challengers, Burning Abyss Decks have to step up their game in order to keep up. Luckily, there are some great new cards you can use in your Burning Abyss Deck in The New Challengers!
We talked about Virgil, Rock Star of the Burning Abyss yesterday, along with Rubic, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss, so today we're going to show you 2 other new Malebranche monsters as well as a powerful new Burning Abyss Trap Card!
While the Duelist Alliance Malebranche focused on giving you a constant stream of cards to work with, The New Challengers' new challengers temporarily nullify threats on your opponent's field so that you can pull off your combos without any interruptions! These Burning Abyss monsters can only activate one of their effects each turn, and only once that turn, so you'll have to choose whether you want to Special Summon it or use its Graveyard effect. There's a trick to using their abilities effectively, and it's really easy to use this trick whenever you're going to make a Synchro or Xyz Summon:
Start off by Special Summoning a Malebranche from your hand. Pick the monster with the effect you don't want to activate, or use Rubic, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss as it doesn't have an extra effect.
Normal Summon your second Malebranche, and perform your Synchro or Xyz Summon! You'll need Rubic for a Synchro Summon, as it's the only Burning Abyss Tuner Monster.
After that, you can use the effect of your other Malebranche. If you Synchro Summoned Virgil, Rock Star of the Burning Abyss it'll activate right away, but if you Xyz Summoned Dante, Traveller of the Burning Abyss, just detach the Malebranche you Normal Summoned to use its effect!
You've already seen Rubic, but he's so important we'll show him again. Rubic, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss is a Tuner Monster with 100 ATK and 2100 DEF, the biggest DEF of all the Malebranche monsters! It doesn't have a Graveyard effect like the other Malebranche monsters. Instead, its 3rd ability is “being a Tuner”, which makes it vital for bringing out Virgil, Rock Star of the Burning Abyss. It's the best monster to Special Summon using its own effect, as you won't miss out on using the effect of any of your other monsters when you do!
Alich, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss has 1200 ATK and 0 DEF, and when it's sent to the Graveyard you can negate the effects of 1 target monster on the field until the end of the turn. This is useful for shutting off annoying monsters like the El Shaddolls for the turn, allowing you to play freely. It works really well with Foolish Burial, letting it double as a Normal Spell version of Breakthrough Skill! Plus, with Dante, Traveller of the Burning Abyss to return it to your hand you can reuse it to disrupt your opponent's monster effects throughout the Duel.
Calcab, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss has 1400 ATK and 0 DEF, which makes it the second strongest Malebranche after Cir, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss. When Calcab is sent to the Graveyard, you can target 1 Set Spell/Trap Card and return that target to the hand. You can use this on your opponent's End Phase to target a freshly Set Spell/Trap and bounce it away before it can ruin your plans. Keep in mind that if the target is illegal when the effect resolves (perhaps by the card being activated), it will not return to the hand.
There's also a new Burning Abyss Trap Card in The New Challengers, which should make a serious impact – Fire Lake of the Burning Abyss!
Fire Lake of the Burning Abyss is a simple card with massive destructive power. You send 2 of your Burning Abyss monsters to the Graveyard, then target 3 cards on the field and destroy those targets! It's an even trade in cards, giving up your 2 monsters plus the Trap itself for 3 of your opponent's cards. Of course, it's not actually a fair trade, as you'll be activating the effects of your monsters as well! Even sending Dante, Traveller of the Burning Abyss will activate its effect to add a Burning Abyss card back to your hand, and more importantly, can get Dante off the field in response to Shaddoll Fusion so that your opponent is forced to fuse only from their hand and field! As a Trap, you can even play it on your opponent's End Phase to clear the way for a huge assault on your own turn, much like Icarus Attack.
With these new Burning Abyss cards, Burning Abyss Decks will be stronger than ever. With the power to negate effects, shuffle cards into the Deck, and have a never-ending stream of monsters, Burning Abyss Decks are poised to take centre stage once The New Challengers is released! Sneak Peeks are on November 1st and/or 2nd, and the set is released on November 7th!
Image copyright NASA/JPL-JHU/SWRI Image caption Wright Mons is located south of Sputnik Planum on Pluto
Two possible ice volcanoes have been identified on the surface of Pluto.
They are seen in images returned from the New Horizons probe, which flew past the distant dwarf planet in July.
The mountains are several km high and tens of km across, and each has what appears to be a depression in the top.
Unlike Earth volcanoes that spew molten rock, Pluto's volcanoes - if that is what they are - would likely erupt an icy slush of substances such as water, nitrogen, ammonia or methane.
The suggestion was raised at the 47th annual meeting of the American Astronomical Society's Division for Planetary Sciences, where the mission team is presenting over 50 research reports from the flyby.
The scientists still need to do further work to confirm their volcano idea.
What would help in particular is information on the composition of the materials making up the local terrain.
"If we can constrain the compositions of these features then we'd have something to work with, with respect to modelling how this particular ice would behave if it were to be erupted volcanically, and what sort of relief it might be able to sustain," said Dr Oliver White from the US space agency (Nasa).
Previous claims
This information may come in due course. New Horizons has not yet returned all of its data from the July encounter.
Only about 20% of its observations have so far been downlinked to Earth.
But if cryo-volcanism can be established, it would be an immensely exciting discovery.
While the phenomenon has been postulated to occur on several outer Solar System bodies, nothing really convincing has been detected; certainly not in terms of mountain-building.
The two candidates at Pluto are found just south of Sputnik Planum, the smooth plain on the planet's equator.
They have been informally called Wright Mons and Piccard Mons.
On Earth or Mars, their shape recalls shield volcanoes - broad, tall edifices that develop from repeat eruptions of low-viscosity fluids.
Mars analogy
As well as their putative calderas, they display a hummocky texture on their flanks that may represent old "lava" flows.
How recently they might have been active, though, no-one can say currently.
Pluto is a small body that should have lost most of its heat to space over the course of Solar System history.
That said, not a lot of energy would be required to melt and mobilise the cocktail of ices that coat the planet.
"It's just astounding that in all of the exploration that we have done, that the nearest neighbour analogy to these constructs occurs on Mars," commented Prof Alan Stern, the principal investigator on the New Horizons mission.
"You have to look all the way to the 'other Red Planet' to find something similar.
"Across all the worlds of the middle Solar System, we've seen nothing like this. It's truly amazing."
Image copyright NASA/JPL-JHU/SWRI Image caption Piccard Mons (L) and Wright Mons (R): The colours denote height. Blue is low; brown is high; green is intermediate in height
It is now almost 120 days since New Horizons made its historic flyby of Pluto and its moons.
In that time, the probe has moved 140 million km deeper into the outer Solar System, some five billion km from Earth.
Mission managers last week oversaw the last of four engine burns that put the spacecraft on course to meet its next target - a small icy body known simply as 2014 MU69 - in just over three years' time.
However, the team does not yet formally have funding from the US space agency to operate the probe at the roughly 45km-wide object.
A science proposal to win that support is likely to be submitted to Nasa some time next year.
Meanwhile, the Pluto flyby data will continue to trickle down to Earth.
It is taking so long, in part because the vast distance to New Horizons limits bandwidths, but also because the mission must share time on Nasa's deep-space communications network with other probes trying to relay their data back home.
Jonathan.Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk and follow me on Twitter: @BBCAmos
When Were Contact Lenses Invented?
Like This Page? Please Share!
Though contact lenses seem to be a recent phenomenon, the famous Italian architect, mathematician and inventor Leonardo da Vinci (1452-1519) produced the first known sketches (in 1508) that suggested the optics of the human eye could be altered by placing the cornea directly in contact with water.
But it's true that when contact lenses were invented for real came much later. Many believe da Vinci's ideas eventually led to the development of contact lenses more than 350 years afterward.
In 1827, English astronomer Sir John Herschel proposed the idea of making a mold of a person's eyes. Such molds would enable the production of corrective lenses that could conform to the front surface of the eye. But it was more than 50 years later that someone actually produced such lenses, and there is some controversy about who did it first.
Some reports say German glassblower F.A. Muller used Herschel's ideas to create the first known glass contact lens in 1887. Other reports say Swiss physician Adolf E. Fick and Paris optician Edouard Kalt created and fitted the first glass contact lenses to correct vision problems in 1888.
Early glass contact lenses were heavy and covered the entire front surface of the eye, including the "white" of the eye (the sclera). Because these large "scleral" lenses severely reduced the oxygen supply to the cornea, they could be tolerated for only a few hours of wear and failed to gain widespread acceptance.
In 1936, New York optometrist William Feinbloom (1904-1985) introduced scleral lenses made of a combination of glass and plastic that were significantly lighter than older glass-blown contacts.
In 1948, California optician Kevin Tuohy (1919-1968) introduced the first contact lenses that resembled modern gas permeable (GP) contact lenses of today. These all-plastic lenses were called "corneal" contact lenses because they were smaller in diameter than previous contact lenses and covered only the clear front surface of the eye (the cornea).
These early hard lenses were made of a non-porous plastic material called polymethyl methacrylate (PMMA). Though PMMA hard lenses were not gas-permeable, they were fitted so they could move with each blink, so oxygen-carrying tears could be "pumped" under the lens to keep the cornea healthy.
Properly fitted, corneal PMMA contact lenses could be worn for 16 hours or longer. Advances in lens manufacturing techniques and fitting expertise among eye doctors led to the mass appeal of these hard plastic contact lenses in the 1950s and 1960s.
Perhaps the biggest event in the history of contact lenses was the invention of the first hydrophilic ("water-loving") hydrogel soft contact lens material by Czech chemists Otto Wichterle and Drahoslav Lim in 1959.
Wichterle and Lim's discovery led to the 1971 launch of the first FDA-approved soft contact lenses in the United States  Bausch + Lomb's "SofLens" brand contacts.
Because of their greater comfort, soft contacts soon became more popular than hard contact lenses made of PMMA. Today, despite the availability of rigid gas permeable contacts that often provide sharper vision than soft lenses and extremely good oxygen permeability, more than 90 percent of contact lenses prescribed in the United States are soft lenses.
Recent milestones in the history of contact lenses in the United States include:
1979  The introduction of rigid gas permeable contact lenses
1981  The introduction of soft extended wear contacts
1982  The launch of soft bifocal contacts
1986  The introduction of extended wear GP contact lenses
1987  The launch of disposable contact lenses
1995  The introduction of daily disposable contact lenses
1999  The introduction of silicone hydrogel contact lenses
2002  Silicone hydrogel contact lenses first marketed in U.S.
2002  Overnight orthokeratology approved by FDA
2010  Custom-manufactured silicone hydrogel lenses introduced in U.S.
Back to top
About the Author: Gary Heiting, OD, is senior editor of AllAboutVision.com. Dr. Heiting has more than 30 years of experience as an eye care provider, health educator and consultant to the eyewear industry. His special interests include nearsightedness, myopia control, and the effects of blue light on the eye.
New Delhi: At least six states are in talks with companies that build personal rapid transport systems (PRTs) to operate pod taxis, futuristic driverless vehicles that ply along a pre-determined course, a central government official said.
Rajasthan is planning a 4.7-km pod taxi link between Ajmer railway station and the Ajmer Dargah, while Maharashtra has identified a stretch between Bandra and Mumbai business district of Bandra Kurla Complex, the central government official said. Other pod taxi sites are in Jaipur, Dehradun, Thiruvananthapuram and Gurugram.
“Maharashtra, Kerala, Rajasthan, Haryana, Uttarakhand and Bihar have already initiated talks with the firms selling this technology and are either in the process of inviting expression of interests or have invited them," the official said, requesting anonymity.
ALSO READ | skyTran to build pod taxi pilot project in India at own cost
The Union road transport and highways ministry will also shortly form a panel to set standards and specifications for PRT systems, making India the first country to do so, the government official said.
Pod taxi is a public transit system for cities in which pods are suspended from an overhead rail. Each pod can carry up to five passengers. The ropeway-like system runs on electricity and driverless pods zip along five to 10 metres above ground. The pods descend and ascend at designated stations to pick up and drop passengers. According to transport minister Nitin Gadkari, a pod taxi project will cost Rs50 crore per km, while for a metro service, it is Rs250 crore per km.
A NITI Aayog official who also didn't want to be identified confirmed the development.
Many people, put off by the experience of convenience mass transit systems, switch to private cars, and state governments are trying to transform this experience with modern modes of transport.
ALSO READ | Global companies get go-ahead for pod taxi experiments in India
“The public transportation system has now become a transit system for the economically weaker sections and state governments want to reform this by bringing in a new experience," said the central government official cited above.
“For some projects, even Chinese companies have come forward. Some of the proposals are being vetted through the ministry of urban development to get financial assistance in case public-private partnerships don't work out," the central government official said.
A recent meeting of road ministry officials led by Union transport minister Nitin Gadkari with officials of NITI Aayog and National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) decided to form a task force to set up standards and specifications for the first PRT system.
“The ministry of road transport and highways would notify the committee under expert Dharam Adhikari, comprising an NHAI official, a retired railways safety commissioner and a retired railway board member by March end. The committee will be laying down all the standards and specifications for the PRT systems in the country after which the projects will be implemented," the NITI Aayog official cited earlier said.
ALSO READ | Can Hyperloop transform how Indians travel?
“The four-member committee would have a big challenge. Since the world has just one pod taxi or PRT project, that, too, only in Heathrow airport, India would become the first nation to lay down the standards and procedures for operations of PRTs," the official added.
India's first pod taxi project is coming up at Gurugram in Haryana.
The average speed of the pods is 60km per hour and can be used by individuals or small groups. The fare is likely to be similar to that of the Delhi Metro.
In the past six months, India has emerged as a hot destination for companies looking to sell rapid transit systems.
Ankur Bhatnagar, vice-president-Asia, SkyTran, said, “We are in talks with some of the state governments, but I won't be able to share any details till the things have materialized."
Bhatnagar said his company hopes to hear from the government or NHAI soon on the proposal to build a pilot stretch.
“We made a presentation of our technology to NITI Aayog and many other officials concerned with transportation in October last year. It showed that the government is not just open to innovations, it is actually keen to take them up to solve our transportation problems and provide services that far exceed global best," he said.
SkyTran, a NASA technology partner, is among three companies chosen to build pod cars at their own costs.
The others are Ultra Global PRT and Metrino PRT.
That Prius will drive circles around the Compass, running a 17.2-second quarter mile, pulling 0.81 g average on the skidpad, and laying down a 28.0-second figure-eight lap at 0.59 g average. It stops from 60 mph in 124 feet.
The good news under the hood is that Fiat Chrysler finally seems to have this ZF nine-speed automatic transmission sorted out. This is the finest example yet and completely devoid of all the clunking and gear hunting that characterized earlier models. Finally, it knows what gear it wants to be in and gets into it smoothly. Unfortunately, the gear it wants to be in is always the highest one possible, and it'll fight you tooth and nail for a downshift into the powerband. There are plenty of off-road modes but no Sport mode, so the best you can do is paddle shift it yourself, which sort of defeats the purpose of having an automatic.
There's more good news down there, and it's called Active Drive (Active Drive Low for the Trailhawk). Jeep knows its image is built on its off-road capability and made sure the Compass delivers. The Trailhawk is the Trail Rated one and the obvious choice if you plan to do real off-roading, but the all-wheel-drive system on the lesser models is plenty capable in its own right. Our evaluation included a sand pit, which also approximates deep mud or snow, and the Limited had no trouble with it. "Auto" on the off-road mode dial needed a few seconds to figure out what kind of surface it was on, but it kept the Compass chugging right through the deep stuff. Sand mode worked even better, naturally. We're not sure even the Trailhawk noticed it was off the pavement.
That said, the Trailhawk did have an issue when we tested the hill-hold feature. On a steep hill, the computer will hold the brakes while you move your foot from the brake pedal to the gas. We waited too long, and the computer released the brakes, allowing the Trailhawk to roll backward in Drive. The engine died, the dashboard lit up, and the vehicle refused to restart for five minutes. Time and turning it off, locking the doors, waiting, and trying again eventually brought it back.
Both Jeeps also struggled on a cobblestone street, which caused major shaking in the vehicle and let loose a chorus of squeaks, creaks, and rattles from the interior. This, and Jeep's inability to make the body panels line up straight even after 75 years of making automobiles, caused concerns about the build quality.
Back on normal pavement, the Compass did a bit better. Both ride well for the segment, the Trailhawk a bit more so, thanks to its bigger, softer off-road tires. Both had fairly quiet interiors with the exception of some moderate wind noise at freeway speeds. Each has more body roll than we've come to expect from modern crossovers, though the roll is controlled well and happens smoothly. It's seriously exaggerated by the lack of any lateral support from the seats. In terms of actually turning, though, the Compass goes around a corner as smooth and stable as it ought to.
The seats aren't the only trouble in the familiar but fun interior. With the redundant climate controls and the off-road controller on the center stack, there's precious little room to stash your stuff up front. There's just one little cubby ahead of the shifter and the cupholders. For as big as the Compass is, the cargo hold is a bit smaller than you'd expect, mostly due to the steep rake of the tailgate, which makes the cargo space triangular in shape. It's just deep enough you can push taller items to the back, but it's not as big as you'd like. The load floor is also fairly high, and there's not a lot of space underneath it to stash things.
On the other hand, the somewhat small cargo area pays off in two ways. One, with an optional full-size spare tire, and two, with a surprisingly spacious rear seat. Only the tallest editors found headroom and kneeroom to be any kind of issue. The rear doors also open wider than you expect, making it very easy to get in and out. There's also a USB port, a 12-volt power port, and air-conditioning vents in the rear seat; all those are often omitted at this price. In addition to optioning the real spare tire, we'd also recommend spicing up the black-on-black interior with some of the colorful trim options on offer.
The new Jeep Compass is a decent crossover that you want to be great. It's a sharp-looking little ute neither as gimmicky as the Renegade nor polarizing as the Cherokee, and its well-earned Trail Rated badge is the envy of lesser crossovers. With a competitive engine and transmission and better attention to detail, it could be a showstopper. Instead, it's "pretty good, but " We hope Jeep polishes out the imperfections sooner rather than later, before all the tarnish it scrubbed off the Compass name comes back.
Because the test surface we used for this review is a mere month old (and still curing), our braking and handling results show longer stopping distances and less grip than we typically record and report. With that in mind, this vehicle's numbers are not necessarily comparable with previous or future test results.
Two months ago No Man's Sky made its controversial debut. Launch day was hopeful as a massive day one patch arrived to quell many concerns raised during the prior days. Positivity wouldn't last long, though. Among the thousands of gamers who began exploring the game's seemingly infinite universe were two Twitch streamers. These two individuals made it their mission to meet on the same planet at the same time to find out once and for all what happens when two players converge. The outcome was upsetting.
The two players managed to arrive at the same location on the same planet, but were unable to see each other. Made worse, their actions on the planet had no impact on the environment for the other player. One of No Man's Sky's greatest mysteries had finally been solved, but with the worst results possible.
Due to the way No Man's Sky's multiplayer was described before release, this caused mass outrage. The primary goal of many players dematerialized overnight, killing off one of the greatest incentives for exploration. This left only one long-term goal for players in the universe: reaching the center of the galaxy.
As this happened, Designer Sean Murray took to Twitter to share his shock at how two players managed to reach the same location, and further implied that there is some form of multiplayer interaction. His posts stated:
As gamers would come to know in the following weeks, there was nothing that two players could do to interact no matter how hard they tried.
The negative press didn't end there. Players would come to find out that their discoveries in the game world, which were marketed as one of the core features of No Man's Sky, would be removed from the servers after a short period of time. Without a proper system for marking and revisiting previously explored star systems, this largely defeated the notion of players leaving a trail behind.
RELATED: No Man's Sky Taught Other Developers a Valuable Lesson
And then the first few players reached the center of the galaxy. What was long considered to be the greatest secret of the game was revealed to be its most disappointing quality. The 30+ hour trek across dozens of star systems to reach the galactic core had no reward in-store for players. Instead, it respawned players on the outskirts of another galaxy.
Even through all of this, some players have held onto hope by believing that an imminent post-launch update could add multiplayer functionality as well as a proper reward for reaching the center of the galaxy. Most players just want closure with an explanation from Sean Murray.
Yet here we are more than two months out from launch, and Sean Murray hasn't said a word.
Any and all forms of positive mind share that No Man's Sky had has evaporated by now. The game currently holds a 12% approval rating on Steam, among the lowest in the platform's history with more than 5,000 negative reviews in the past month alone. Its official Subreddit has become a place for customers to voice their dissatisfaction with such overwhelming objection that one of its mods attempted to delete the Subreddit last week. Sony even felt pressure, which it deflected by stating that it was Hello Games PR that made promises and priced the game at $59.99.
No Man's Sky has devolved into insignificance during the past 60 days as even the most loyal players have vacated the premises, leaving the game with an active player population of under 1,000 on Steam. The PS4 version faces similar abandonment.
Despite the game's reputation becoming dilapidated, the world still doesn't know the story of how a game with so much promise fell apart. Sean Murray has disappeared, Hello Games' Producer and Community Manager have left their jobs, and the promise of communication and frequent post-release updates has been broken.
We might never find out how gameplay elements shown in pre-release content disappeared in the final hours of development, how a beloved developer like Sean Murray could overpromise a game to a point of being compared to Peter Molyneux, or how a game capable of appearing on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon and earning Best of E3 rewards became so unsatisfying to play. Two months out from release disclosure seems unlikely, leaving behind remnants of a game that could have been so much more.
The 20 Most Hideous No Man's Sky Creatures
Video
I hope you'll spare a few minutes to watch the latest Retro Report video — an examination of the “woe is me” scare put into us in a big way in 1968 by the specter of an exploding “population bomb.”
Photo
The film centers on Paul R. Ehrlich, who went from studying butterfly populations to becoming a bestselling author and frequent Johnny Carson guest.
Clyde Haberman has written a companion article for The Times that describes the main points in the video report. Here's an excerpt:
After the passage of 47 years, Dr. Ehrlich offers little in the way of a mea culpa. Quite the contrary. Timetables for disaster like those he once offered have no significance, he told Retro Report, because to someone in his field they mean something “very, very different” from what they do to the average person. The end is still nigh, he asserted, and he stood unflinchingly by his 1960s insistence that population control was required, preferably through voluntary methods. But if need be, he said, he would endorse “various forms of coercion” like eliminating “tax benefits for having additional children.” Allowing women to have as many babies as they wanted, he said, is akin to letting everyone “throw as much of their garbage into their neighbor's backyard as they want.” Dr. Ehrlich's ominous declarations cause head-shaking among some who were once his allies, people who four decades ago shared his fears about overpopulation. One of them is Stewart Brand, founding editor of the Whole Earth Catalog. On this topic, Mr. Brand may be deemed a Keynesian, in the sense of an observation often attributed to John Maynard Keynes: “When the facts change, I change my mind, sir. What do you do?” Mr. Brand's formulation for Retro Report was to ask, “How many years do you have to not have the world end” to reach a conclusion that “maybe it didn't end because that reason was wrong?” …Dr. Ehrlich, now 83, is not retreating from his bleak prophesies. He would not echo everything that he once wrote, he says. But his intention back then was to raise awareness of a menacing situation, he says, and he accomplished that. He remains convinced that doom lurks around the corner, not some distant prospect for the year 2525 and beyond. What he wrote in the 1960s was comparatively mild, he suggested, telling Retro Report: “My language would be even more apocalyptic today.”
Please read the rest here.
As I've written, population growth matters, but more in particular places than as a global peril — my 2007 notion of “population cluster bombs.” Environmental impacts from unfettered consumption matter far more.
Just a day after being hospitalized for flu-like symptoms, Prince is healthy enough to host an all-night dance party.
In celebration of “good weather and 4 all the love and support” he received after news broke of his hospitalization, Prince is inviting fans to come by his Paisley Park Estate in Chanhassen, Minnesota Saturday night for a dance party.
2 GIVE THANX 4 THE GOOD WEATHER AND 4 ALL THE LOVE AND SUPPORT… pic.twitter.com/PEcHzLnYvc — Prince (@prince) April 16, 2016
It's unclear whether Prince will perform this evening, though if his afternoon activities are any indication, the musician is ready to go. The Purple One was spotted riding his Little Red Bicycle around town, which has to be the greatest sight ever witnessed by human eyes.
prince is literally biking around my work parking lot — kaitlyn powell (@KaitlynPowell6) April 16, 2016
Possible @prince sighting: riding bike by the Chanhassen Lunds & Byerly's. (He is confirmed in town for Paisley Park party tonight.) — Matt J (@yizh8) April 16, 2016
Today Apple announced a new Apple Music API via its Affiliate Program Newsletter. According to Apple, the API:
…allows iOS apps to directly control Apple Music playback and more. We encourage affiliates to use the Apple Music API to provide a superior user experience by integrating music into their apps. With the Apple Music API you can: See if a user is currently an Apple Music member
See which country the user's account is based in
Queue up the next song or songs based on a song ID for playback
Inspect playlists already in My Music or create a new playlist with a title and description (see App Store Review Guidelines for limitations).
The announcement coincides with the introduction of a new Apple Music Best Practices for Apple Developers page that serves as a hub for developer and affiliate program resources related to Apple Music. The page includes:
App Review guidelines applicable to the Apple Music API, some of which are new.
Links to developer documentation for the Apple Music APIs.
A summary of Apple Music identity guidelines regarding the use of the Apple Music name, logos, and related matters, with a link to the more comprehensive Apple Music Identity Guidelines.
Links to more information regarding the iTunes Affiliate Program.
A link to the Apple Music Toolbox page for searching Apple Music in each of the 113 Apple Music countries by artist, song, album, playlist, Connect, curator, radio and music video, from which you can generate affiliate links.
One thing I'd like to see added to these tools is the ability to return search results for items like playlists using the iTunes Search API, which would allow developers to generate affiliate links to them programatically. Right now those links can only be generated from the web-based search tool in the Apple Music Toolbox. Nonetheless, it's nice to see Apple Music being opened up to developers, and not surprising given the emphasis on services during Tuesday's investor call.
The draft happened recently. I'm not a draft expert, which is why I seldom write about it, but one of my favorite and least-favorite things about the draft are the player comps. I like them for the color, but I dislike them for the hype. The draft does have to do something to sell itself, and the casual public wouldn't benefit if drafted players kept getting compared to guys who never made it out of Double-A, but too many drafted players draw comps to elites, like, say, Roger Clemens, or Clayton Kershaw, or Cal Ripken. It's like the amateurs are set up to disappoint from the get-go. Comparing amateurs to Hall-of-Famers sets expectations impossibly high, and does little to inform the viewers of the reality that most draft picks go nowhere. Tough sport.
We all remember players who were hyped as something they never became. We all remember players who fell short of their big-league comps. It's almost impossible for a high pick to turn out as good as his comp, given that comps have mostly had long and successful major-league careers. There are some success stories. Obviously, there's that Mike Trout fellow. And there's Manny Machado. Even before he was drafted, Machado was compared to Alex Rodriguez. There were, in fairness, a lot of similarities. In unfairness, Rodriguez is one of the best players in the history of the game. The pressure was on from the beginning. And, say, would you look at that, but Machado is actually starting to resemble the very player who seemed to set too high a bar.
I've been wanting to write about Machado for a little while. He homered on Tuesday, so that's good for the timing. He's also been playing shortstop for the Orioles while J.J. Hardy has been out. He's third among position players in WAR, and the gap between him and first is within the presumed margin of error. Over the past calendar year, Machado's still in third among position players, yet he remains the forgotten man in the group that also includes Trout and Bryce Harper. And, sure, maybe some others, I don't know. I'm not trying to establish the boundaries of the upper tier. I just feel like Machado belongs in it, and he's taking his offense to a higher level. Machado's about to turn 24, and he's hitting for more power than ever. It doesn't seem like an accident:
Big hard-hit rate, and more balls in the air than ever. Machado has been tapping into the only resource he wasn't already mining. A year ago, Machado finished with a .216 ISO, which was a career high. He presently stands at .299. The only possible criticism you could make is that Machado hasn't yet stolen a base.
Here's where this gets really fun. Growing up, Machado idolized Alex Rodriguez. As a draft prospect, for so many reasons, both performance-wise and personally, he was compared to Rodriguez. Similar build, similar skills, similar background. Here's a note on the inevitability of the Rodriguez comparisons. Rodriguez later became a mentor. He and Machado are friends! Alex Rodriguez has real-life friends, and Manny Machado is one of them. The two have been linked since Machado was a teenager. Maybe even earlier than that. Machado dreamed of becoming baseball's best shortstop, in the Alex Rodriguez mold.
So now, going back to 2002, here are the highest wRC+ marks for qualified shortstops:
Top Five Offensive Shortstops Player Season wRC+ PA Alex Rodriguez 2002 158 725 Manny Machado 2016 157 283 Alex Rodriguez 2003 151 715 Hanley Ramirez 2009 149 652 Xander Bogaerts 2016 148 288 2002 – 2016, qualified player-seasons only.
I put the plate-appearance column in there for a reason. It's a reminder that, as encouraging as the 2016 numbers are, the season isn't close to half-over. Machado is hundreds and hundreds of plate appearances short of Rodriguez's 2002, so they can't be directly compared, but there is at least something happening here. This establishes some context for Machado's offense as a shortstop. And now we can zone in on Machado and Rodriguez. In the table below, I've included 2016 Machado, and 2000 – 2003 Rodriguez, having decided that that period captures him at his peak.
Manny Machado and Prime Alex Rodriguez Player Season(s) wRC+ BB+ K+ ISO Def/600 WAR/600 Alex Rodriguez 2000 – 2003 157 137 92 0.305 12 7.7 Manny Machado 2016 157 110 110 0.299 10 7.4
Of course, that's four years of prime Rodriguez, and less than half a year of seemingly prime Machado. So we can't say that Manny Machado has become as good as prime Rodriguez. But we can say that Machado is looking about as good as prime Rodriguez, and the offense might be for real if you're buying the change in batted balls. Rodriguez drew more walks, but he also struck out more often, relative to the league. Machado's been better at contact to this point. The power is about identical. Machado isn't doing any real base-running, but while that was a plus for Rodriguez, it wasn't exactly the key to his skillset.
Prime Alex Rodriguez was worth about seven and a half wins per 600 trips to the plate. Machado is on course to be worth about seven and a half wins per 600 trips to the plate. Machado has even had to re-learn the shortstop position on the fly after Hardy got hurt, so maybe that's a little variable. His defense has been fine, if short of outstanding. Meanwhile, I might as well throw in a swing-related pair of screenshots. There are even visual similarities here:
That designated prime for Rodriguez began when he was 24 years old. Machado turns 24 in a matter of weeks. As draft comps go, there's almost no such thing as a higher bar than Alex Rodriguez, and Machado hasn't officially gotten there yet, but he's on the way, and he might even be ahead of schedule. The fact that this is a possibility in the first place is mind-blowing. When he was a young shortstop, Rodriguez was the ultimate all-around player. Machado is trying to be the exact same thing. Even if Hardy is going to bump him back over to third in a little bit. That spoils things to some degree, but Rodriguez wound up at third base too early, himself. And Machado could always move back.
Imagine the pressure of being compared to maybe the best shortstop in the history of baseball. Imagine compounding that with the reality of having idolized the same shortstop as a youngster. Manny Machado is on course to be exactly what the draft experts said he could become. More often than not, that very achievement is unachievable.
The flight deck of an Airbus A350 XWB passenger plane. (Photo11: Alexander Hassenstein, Getty Images)
Q: Is over-reliance on automation increasing the number of commercial airline accidents?
— Norm Dick, Fairfield, Conn.
A: No, the number of accidents is decreasing. Over-reliance on automation has become a factor in a larger percentage of accidents, but the overall number is trending downward.
The appropriate use of automation and maintaining manual flying skills are focus items for aviation. Training has to include extensive use of automation and manual flying.
Q: Are pilots more systems engineers than the pilots of yesteryear?
— Eugene Lassers
A: They are different than the pilots of yesteryear, spending more time utilizing the automation and systems of modern aircraft. They also have to maintain their manual flying skills. Yes, there are differences, but I would not say they are systems engineers, they remain pilots.
Q: What differences do you observe in cockpit automation between domestic aircraft and European designs?
— Steve, California
A: The differences between the manufacturers is more relevant than the location. Though there are different certification rules in Europe and the USA, airplanes are certified by both regulators.
Different manufactures view automation differently. Some manufacturers build in protections that will take action even if the pilot does not to prevent stalls, overspeeds or excessive G load. Other manufacturers will warn the pilot of such conditions but leave the correction to the pilot (see question below).
Increasingly automation is more complex and extensive on airplanes. This increasing use of automation has caused some issues for the industry over the loss of manual flying skills.
The different presentation of information between manufacturers is noticeable, but pilots adapt quickly.
Q: Do you prefer the Boeing philosophy of letting the pilot do whatever it takes to prevent a crash or the Airbus philosophy of restricting what the pilot can do, even if it results in a crash as in the 1988 Habsheim Airshow?
— Harry Maier, Florida
A: Having flown Boeing and Airbus airplanes, I found each to be very enjoyable and safe. If a windshear escape maneuver is needed, the Airbus system is easier, while the Boeing protection systems allow the pilot to override if necessary. Each has its advantages.
To be fair, in the Habsheim accident, the airplane did what it should have done. The pilots flew it so low that the airplane believed it was landing and sank into the trees. The pilots applied power very late, and there was not time for the engines to accelerate. The crash investigation did not find there to be a problem with the airplane.
I would not characterize Habsheim as a case in which the protection system of the Airbus caused the accident.
As a pilot, I would like to be the final decision-maker of what controls are necessary. However, I like the hard protection provided by Airbus. In a perfect world, I would like the Airbus hard protections with an easy way to remove them if, in my professional judgment, it was the best course of action. So my preference would be a combination of both.
Have a question about flying? Send it to travel@usatoday.com.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2jNaOQj
The I-80 corridor in eastern Iowa, for those motorists interested only in hastening their way between Des Moines to the west and Iowa City to the east, may appear empty save for fields that produce part of the state's 2 billion bushels of corn each year.
But north and south of I-80 lie many small towns, populated by only a few hundred or few thousand Iowans. Towns like Belle Plaine, Brooklyn, Benton, Marengo, Montezuma, North English, Williamsburg, Parnell, Homestead, Oxford and Holbrook. These are towns whose median household income is less than the $47,000 statewide average.
The people who live in those towns need information to effectively make political and consumer decisions. They need it just as much as people in big cities do. But come Monday, local news may not flow quite so freely in Benton and Poweshiek counties.
For Christmas, the good folks of Victor, Iowa, received a lump of coal: The East Iowa Herald newspaper announced that it would suspend print operations Dec. 31. Mitch Traphagen, the paper's owner, wrote that a lack of subscriptions and circulation were not the problem: “As local businesses cut back due to concerns over an economic recession, that left only limited advertising dollars available to competing newspapers. As a new business, we haven't been able to build up the resources necessary to overcome the financial hurdles during this period of economic slowdown.”
That's not the only publishing insult to strike that I-80 corridor. Marengo Publishing Corporation, which publishes three weekly advertisers, seven weekly newspapers and a monthly magazine, plans to repackage the seven newspapers into four weekly newspapers on Jan. 5. Of the seven newspapers — The Belle Plaine Union, The South Benton Star-Press, the Brooklyn Chronicle, The Marengo Pioneer-Republican, The Montezuma Republican, The North English Record and The Williamsburg Journal-Tribune — the Chronicle and Republican will become The Poweshiek County Chronicle-Republican; the Star-Press will add the readership area covered by the Union; the Journal Tribune will add a page of North English news. Subscription prices will rise.
Said a statement from MPC Publisher Dan DeBettignies and editors Nick Narigon, Dann Hayes, and Jim Magdefrau:
The names and the faces of the newspapers will change, but the content will not. We remain dedicated to serving as the premier news source of Iowa County, eastern Poweshiek County and southern Benton County. [Emphasis added]
Premier news source? The content won't change? How? Reducing seven weeklies to four means reducing the number of pages on which to place the news nearly in half. There will be fewer staffers to produce the stories to place on those fewer pages.
From that same MPC statement:
Gannett Inc., the parent company of Marengo Publishing Corporation (MPC) and Poweshiek Publishing, announced a staff reduction of 10 percent in late October. Plans and decisions were made during the month of November and now the repercussions are hitting home. MPC and Poweshiek Publishing have been running with a relatively bare-bones staff for quite some time. We have gone through several cuts to our expense budget and have been learning to do the same amount of work with fewer people for several years. [Emphasis added]
Gannett says it owns 85 daily newspapers including USA Today, and nearly 1,000 non-daily publications and USA Weekend, and 23 television stations, reaching more than 20 million households, in about three dozen states. After years of proclaiming ever-higher stock dividends, Gannett has been fiscally contracting for many months by rigorously cutting expenses. In August, Gannett cut 1,000 jobs, so its stock price got a bump. But that didn't last: Its stock price hit an 18-year low in October. Gannett's in a death spiral.
But this isn't about slamming Gannett. How will the information needs and wants of residents of Benton and Poweshiek counties be served now? By whom?
The nation has far more weekly newspapers than it does dailies. Historically, weeklies generally have been Mom-and-Pop enterprises run on shoestrings by people who believed in finding out stuff and telling their readers what they found out.
But some media companies figured out that they could buy a bunch of individually owned weeklies in a narrow geographic region, run them all out of one common newsroom and ad sales site, and make oodles of money. For example: Community Newspapers Inc., headquartered in Athens, Ga., includes 29 newspapers in Georgia, Florida and North Carolina. Check their locations; they're tightly bunched geographically.
Community Newspaper Holdings Inc. owns about 90 daily and more than 200 non-daily newspapers, television stations, Web sites and niche publications in more than 150 communities throughout the United States in nearly two dozen states. Many of its newspapers are geographically grouped.
Brown Publishing has a cluster of 8 daily newspapers, 27 paid weekly newspapers, 15 Total Market Coverage (“TMC”) newspapers, and 11 TMC shoppers that it says reaches more than 1.8 million people and 750,000 households in 31 counties in south, central and west Ohio.
Freedom Communications Inc. says its has more than 33 dailies and 77 weeklies, including shoppers, magazines and other specialty publications coast to coast.
Now, these and other companies that have substantial numbers of weeklies serving readerships more rural than suburban may in fact be financially healthy. But Gannett used to be one of the soundest operations in terms of balance sheet. Look at what's happened to its subsidiary of weeklies serving east-central Iowa. Seven papers, already thin in resources, will become four.
The United States has more than 6,500 weeklies. The economic factors affecting dailies — declining advertising revenues, declining readership, rigid adherence to a failing business model — affect weeklies as well.
“Go to the Web,” readers are urged. But in rural areas, served by weeklies, is that really a credible option? Until broadband access in offices and homes becomes as universal as telephone and electricity, going to the Web may not be a rural choice. Readers whose newspapers fold may lose access to the local journalism they need to make informed consumer and political decisions.
And, as in the case of the readers of the East Iowa Herald, they might end up with nothing: The paper's owners have not yet decided if they have the resources to produce a viable online newspaper.
The NFL announced Tuesday the Rookie Transition Program, a new rookie onboarding platform hosted by each of the league's 32 clubs, expanded to all NFL rookies -- both drafted and undrafted -- and designed to provide the resources for a successful transition to the NFL.
The program replaces the centrally located Rookie Symposium that was open only to drafted rookies.
"Our goal is to onboard every NFL rookie with the best resources and practices for a successful playing experience both on and off the field," said NFL Vice President of Player Engagement Charles Way. "By shifting the model to the clubs from a centrally located program exclusive to drafted rookies, we can reach all of our rookies, introduce them to resources in their community, and afford them the experience from active and former players at their club who successfully transitioned into the NFL."
The new format gives clubs the opportunity to customize the orientation program to align with the history and culture of their team, including the use of former players to foster and promote mentoring relationships between incoming rookies and club legends.
In collaboration with each club, the NFL Player Engagement staff will ensure uniformity in the orientation by approving the schedule for each program, which will take place from June 20-22 for NFC rookies and June 22-24 for AFC rookies.
Mandatory topics will include social responsibility, respect at work, mental health, character and values, and player engagement resources. Teams will cover other key topics either as part of the three-day program or prior to it, including player health and safety, a review of player policies and resources, working with the news media in the age of social media, financial education, and playing rule changes from college to the pros.
"This new orientation program is a win-win because it allows us to give every rookie the benefit of resources from the league that will contribute to success both on and off the field," said Miami Dolphins Director of Player Engagement Kaleb Thornhill. "It also brings onboarding home to our club's heritage and culture, and the resources and relationships available in our community."
"The ability to expose our entire rookie class, regardless of whether you were drafted or not, to this program will increase the chances of a smooth and successful entry into the NFL," said Green Bay Packers Director of Player Engagement Rob Davis. "To introduce the rookies in such a profound way to some of our former players that can serve as mentors and role models is an exciting concept."
A month or so ago Valetmag.com did a piece titled The Essential Leather Glossary.
I used to really enjoy Valet, but unfortunately over the past year it has become so sponsor driven that it's almost devoid of any product-neutral content. Valet is still worth keeping on (or adding to) your favourites menu though, it's useful for trend spotting, and Valet does a decent job curating publications like GQ, Esquire and other more mainstream medias that #menswear snobs might not otherwise bother with.
So to Valet's credit I thought the leather glossary was a good idea. A lot of terms get thrown around in the blogosphere, and not everyone is familiar with the nomenclature. But #menswear enthusiast or not, everyone appreciates leather goods. Unfortunately not all “leather” is created equal, and the waters are further muddied by a myriad of terms, grades and styles that can and do mislead unsuspecting consumers.
So while Valet's Essential Leather Glossary was a good start I thought I'd lean on Wikipedia and Google to flush the list out a little.
Sourcing your next leather belt, boots or sofa is really not that much different than any other product: a deal too good to be true, likely is. Products made out of full grain leather have fixed material costs that can't be avoided. If you're spending less than $200 on a pair or shoes, or say $50 bucks on a belt, you aren't getting “real” leather. It's like they teach us in 1L - caveat emptor.
[Above is a Tommy Hilifiger belt I got years ago. It's aged nicely.]
Think those shoes or wallet you just bought that are stamped “genuine leather” are made entirely of leather? Wrong. Although I have no idea who investigates or enforces clothing labeling practices, it's worth knowing that manufacturers of leather articles are “allowed” to construct a product that is traded as “genuine leather" even though it contains some non-leather components, provided the incorporation on non-leather materials does not exceed specific levels.
For example the European Commission Directive 94/11 on “footwear labeling” states that the upper, lining, or sole of a shoe can be labelled “genuine leather” so long as 80% of the surface area is in fact made of leather. If the standard in Europe is 80%, dare I speculate what the standard is in China?
Ever have a belt or watch strap split open on you, revealing a gooey or foamy interior? Yet that same article was stamped “leather”, “genuine leather” or “real leather”? I've included a couple photos in this post of a watch strap and belt I own, both stampled "genuine leather” and in both cases you can see where they will, or have, split apart.
So long as the outer layer, and lining of the belt/strap are made of leather, a manufacturer can fill the space between these two strips with other materials provided “no other materials compromise more than 50% of the surface area”, and still call their product “genuine leather”. Confusing eh? I haven't investigated further to determine how surface area is calculated, and it's really beside the point: when purchasing leather products trust your instincts, and research the brands, because you sure as hell can't trust labels.
The Good
Bridle Leather (very good) -Vegetable tanned cowhide used for making equestrian equipment. Bridle leather refers to the way that a piece of leather (full grain cow hide) is finished at the tannery. Bridle leather has both the flesh and grain side of the leather stuffed with greases and finished with wax. Because this is a labour intensive and expensive process only the best grades of leather are selected for this treatment. Bridle leather is also made in comparatively fewer tanneries.
Full Grain Leather - Leather that has not been corrected in any way with sanding or buffing, beyond the original hair removal. This allows the natural markings, imperfections and character of the leather to show through. The grain remains allowing the fiber strength and durability. The grain also has breathability, resulting in less moisture from prolonged contact. Rather than wearing out, it will develop a patina over time (see my Tommy Hilfiger belt above for example). High quality leather furniture and footwear are often made from full-grain leather. Because full grain leathers must be cleaner hides to start with, full grain leather is always more expensive than its corrected or split cousins. Belts, watch straps, and most shoes should ideally be made of full grain leather.
Top-grain Leather - Is the most common type of leather used in high-end leather products, and is the second-highest quality (second to full grain that is). It has had the “split” layer separated away, making it thinner and more pliable than full-grain. Its surface has been sanded and a finish coat added which results in a colder, plastic feel with less breathability, and it will not develop a natural patina. So long as the finish remains unbroken, top grain leather has greater stain resistance than full grain leather.
Nubuck - A leather where the surface has been buffed and brushed to create a soft, velvety effect. While suede is created from the flesh (inner) side of a hide, nubuck is created using the grain (outer) side, making it stronger.
Oxblood - A dark, reddish-brown colour used to dye leather, and is used often for cordovan.
Patina - The rich, worn-in hue or lustre that develops in a quality piece of leather over time with age and wear.
Shearling - Sheepskin or lambskins that have been tanned with the wool intact (think nice leather slippers).
Vegetable Tanning - A method of hide tanning which utilizes materials from organic materials such as bark, instead of the traditional chemicals. Vegetable tanned leather is stiffer than traditionally-tanned leather, and gets darker from your body's natural oils the more you use it. Bridle leather will typically be vegetable tanned.
Nappa - Soft, full grain leather made from unsplit sheep or lambskin. It is usually tanned with alum and chromium salts and dyed throughout the whole piece.
Glove Leather - Lambskin or other very soft, high quality leathers typically used for gloves. High-end English shoes will typically be lined with glove leather.
Calfskin - A high quality, fine grained leather made from the skins of young cattle.
Cordovan - Also known as “shell cordovan,” this leather is made from the firm shell portion of a horse (read: the butt). Cordovan has a characteristic finish, and is very durable.
Grain - A term used to describe the natural characteristics of an unprocessed hide, such as its texture, wrinkles and markings.
Suede - A finish (not technically a type of leather) where the top surface of the hide has been removed by abrasion and then brushed to create a soft, fuzzy feel. Also known as buffed leather, similar to nubuck.
The Bad
Corrected-grain leather - Any leather that has had an artificial grain applied to its surface. Taking hides that do not meet the high standards for full grain use, the imperfections are sanded off and an artificial grain is impressed into the surface, and then dressed up with stains or dyes. Most corrected-grain leather is dyed with a strong pigment to further obscure any imperfections, and hide the corrections. The artificial grain embossed on the leather will often be “pebbled” or take on the appearance of an exotic skin like alligator.
Split leather - Leather created from the fibrous part of the hide left once the top-grain of the rawhide has been separated from the hide. During the splitting operation, the top-grain and drop split are separated. The drop split can be further split (thickness allowing) into a middle split and a flesh split. Split leather then has an artificial layer applied to the surface of the split and is embossed with a leather grain (bycast leather). Splits are also used to create suede. The strongest suedes are usually made from grain splits (that have the grain completely removed) or from the flesh split that has been shaved to the correct
Patent Leather - Leather where one surface has been covered with a flexible, waterproof film which has a lustrous mirror-like surface. This coating was formerly built up by the application of various varnishes and lacquers using linseed oil. The original process was developed in New Jersey, by inventor Seth Boyden in 1818. Today, patent leather usually has a plastic coating. Not crispy.
The Ugly
Reconstituted leather - Composed of up to 90% leather fibres (often scrap from leather tanneries or leather workshops) bonded together with some form of plastic binder to create a look and feel similar to that of leather at a fraction of the cost. The resulting material is not as durable as real leather and is recommended for use only if the product will be used infrequently. This is shit.
Bonded Leather - Most often found in shitty upholstery. Bonded leather is generally a vinyl or polyurethane surface that contains about 17% leather fiber in its backing material. This plastic material is then stamped to give it a leather-like texture.
Bycast Leather - A split leather with a layer of polyurethane applied to the surface and then embossed. Bycast was originally made for the shoe industry and recently was adopted by the furniture industry. The original formula created by Bayer was strong but expensive. The result is a plastic material that is slightly stiffer but cheaper than top-grain leather but has a much more consistent texture. Because its surface is completely covered in plastic, is easier to clean and maintain. Your shitty co-worker's shoes are probably made of bycast leather.
Share
Previous Next 1 of 5 Mike Kyle Cassidy Servin Lainez Natasha Moustache
“I've had to continually re-educate myself that this isn't about selling music. It's about making music.”
Being a musical pioneer means you have to continue to push the envelope, and that's something Amanda Palmer relishes doing on a daily basis. Her staunch supporters on artist subscription site Patreon certainly agree with her, as they helped foot the bill for the free-form artist's new collaboration with psychedelia legend Edward Ka-Spel dubbed I Can Spin a Rainbow, out today in various formats via Cooking Vinyl.
Rainbow is a dream come true for Palmer, who once took it upon herself to grant shelter to Ka-Spel and his merrily trippy band, The Legendary Pink Dots, after seeing them perform in Boston in 1995. “Well, it was more my parents' generous spirit — they let us use their house!” Palmer confirmed to Digital Trends with a laugh.
I Can Spin a Rainbow is a prime example of how merging the creative sparks of both mentor and mentee can result in a veritable sonic tour de force.
Palmer spoke with Digital Trends from her home in Boston to discuss how the two artists merged their sensibilities in the studio, why an album's running order remains important to the listening experience, and how her loyal Patreon patrons enable her to be more creative than ever before.
Digital Trends: While listening to this album on headphones, I really got a sense of space, and how the vocals and the instrumentation took full advantage of the stereo field. How did you guys work out what went where in the final mixes?
Amanda Palmer: We had a lot of discussion about the mixes while we tracked. Edward ultimately mixed everything on his own. I would listen to the mixes he sent me and give him my notes, which I've done before with other engineers.
We were piecing the songs together in the room, so it was like we were working on the mixes as we went. We were stacking and layering things, trying to figure out where everything sat and what it needed, or didn't need.
When we were done with that layering and tracking process, Edward had a list of ideas he wanted to add to the mixes after I was gone [from the studio]. He had those magical Edward collages that he added to a couple of the tracks. And he's Edward, so I trusted him completely with those mixes, because I just trust his aesthetic in general.
Is there one best example of a song that literally evolved in the moment?
The first song, Pulp Fiction. We basically had the song roughed out on piano. When we went in to track it, Edward had the loop, and I played synth over it. We created a map of where all of the vocals would go. And I heard this Laurie Anderson-like, beautiful vocal on top of it.
At that point, Edward and I just trusted each other. Because of that, there were a lot of fingers going up in the air as we'd go, “Wait, wait, wait, let's try this!”
For this song, I just ran over to the mic and said, “Don't ask me what I'm doing — just roll the vocal track, and I'll try this thing.” The one thing I still find kind of astounding about our entire process is that we didn't have one argument. We didn't even really have a disagreement. It all came together. There was no sense of drama. It was all so perfect. It was just this extreme enjoyment process of building this strange-looking thing together.
You use the word trust, and I think that comes across in a song like The Changing Room, where you can feel the energy of how you two play off each other with the vocal tradeoffs, the background loops, and the percussion tracks.
Yeah, yeah. Edward and I have such different experiences and track records and histories in the recording studios. We've lived very different lives as recording musicians. His whole process — with his solo stuff, The Legendary Pink Dots, and The Tear Garden — it bears some distant resemblance to the kind of work I've done with The Dresden Dolls [Palmer's punk-cabaret duo], who are predominantly a live band. Making a Dresden Dolls record is about setting up mics and going for it, and doing many, many takes. There's not a whole lot of overdubbing, and no electronics.
I initially heard I Can Spin a Rainbow in a sequence different than the final one. How important was it to you to get these songs into the album's final running order?
Oh, pretty important. I always think the running order is really important. Because this record is a special moment — this is my collaboration with Edward; it's not like we're a band or we're going to be making seven or eight records together … it's always going to be a record of a moment in time. And guiding your listeners through that journey is the fun part.
Do you feel people are more inclined to listen to this record from beginning to end due in part to the resurgence of interest in vinyl?
Yes. Not only that, but more importantly, it's also because I have a subscribership. I have these 9,000 people who are tuned into “Planet Amanda.” When I put out a record like this, those who funded it get to hear it first, and I suggest a beginning-to-end listening experience.
There are certain records that demand certain attention and lighting and vibe. When I released The Clock at the Back of the Cage right before the video came out, I only sent it to the patrons; I didn't send it out to the world at large. I made a larger than usual plea to them to please listen to it undistracted, and preferably with headphones … the production is so spare and so open.
Yes. I call what you were doing there “micro-vocals.”
Yeah! And I really didn't want people to listen to it on their computers. I wanted people to really, really get the beauty of that song by listening to it on really good speakers or headphones.
“I didn't want people to listen to this album on their computer. Music doesn't belong to their computer. It belongs in their ears.”
I have the kind of relationship with my fan base where I'm delivering them the product with a message — and I can say whatever I want, because I have this one platform with a megaphone for the true believers.
And they do follow it … I read all of their comments, and I love seeing, “Oh my God, I'm so glad you recommended listening through headphones. That's the best way to listen to it.” The internet is so noisy, and unfortunately, people are receiving this music through the same vessel where they're checking out Facebook and dealing with their email. It's so hard to remind people that music doesn't belong to their fucking computer. It belongs in their ears.
This album was recorded on Edward's laptop with Ableton; you didn't use anything outboard. Yet it's such a rich-sounding recording, which speaks more to the skill level of the performers than the medium, in this case.
Yeah, and so much of that is about the mics and the equipment you're using. You could have a beautiful fucking 2,000-channel board and all the tape in the world, but if you're using shitty mics, it wouldn't matter. But if you plug a beautiful Neumann mike into a laptop, it can sound phenomenal. There's a lot that goes into that spectrum.
I've learned a lot about mic technique just by listening to my ears. I've been touring for 15 years and made seven or eight records. I have a young son now, and just watching him use a fork reminds me a lot about how you learn how to use a microphone. As a musician, you go through thousands and thousands of moments of feedback to subconsciously know that you need to move one millimeter to the left or one millimeter back or one millimeter forward. It's not something you just learn, and the next day you do it. It takes hours and hours and hours of listening practice.
Creatively speaking, I'm glad you have gotten to the other side of crowdfunding with the patrons you now have.
I feel phenomenally blessed and grateful right now that I'm able to work this way. Everything is backwards now. I spent my whole life in this music industry trying to figure out how to sell what I'm making. But I don't “sell” anymore — I just have this magical net of supporters who are supporting me whether I choose to make a record with Edward or make a record with my dad, which I did last year [2016's You Got Me Singing, a collaboration with her father, Jack Palmer].
That's much better for you as an artist, rather than being beholden to a deadline because you have a contract that requires you to deliver something every 12 months whether you're ready or not.
“Watching my young son use a fork reminds me a lot about how you learn how to use a microphone.”
I know. It's bullshit. You don't work that way. You work the way you work, and you do the projects you want to do. And sometimes, you absolutely want to do ridiculous, noncommercial stuff.
The Patreon patrons have been a godsend in that sense. I've had to continually re-educate myself that this isn't about selling music. It's about making music. I got so used to those two being inseparable that it took a lot of psychological work to divorce the processes. But thank God — it's been a real liberation.
It's an almost unbelievable feeling to know that 9,000 people will pay for anything I make. They haven't just promised; they've put down their credit card. And the next thing I put out will probably be completely different.
I much prefer that. I don't subscribe to always wanting the same thing from the artists I follow.
I think people think they want that — the same thing. That's not why we have artists. My husband Neil [Gaiman, of American Gods and Sandman fame], has this great monologue about it, where he says something like, “If, as an artist, you ever listen to your fans' demands, and their demands are always insisting you make the last thing they liked again, you would go nowhere.”
You can't listen to what they're asking for, because they don't know what they want yet. (laughs)
If you like something, you tend to want more of it.
Exactly! We're humans. We're creatures of habit. We like what we like, but that's not the way art works. Art is not a factory of machines, spitting out product.
At the NHL trade deadline, any rumour linking Matt Duchene (or any top player really) to the Ottawa Senators started with the idea of 20-year-old defenceman Thomas Chabot going the other way.
Ottawa was wise to hang on to one of the most prized blueline prospects in the game today. Chabot, who was drafted 18th overall by the Sens in 2015, is 11th among all blueliners in QMJHL scoring this season despite playing in just 34 games. He has 10 goals and 45 points in what will be his last major junior season.
And on Wednesday night, he set a franchise record.
With an assist on Mathieu Joseph's goal against the Moncton Wildcats, Chabot became the franchise's all-time leading scorer among defencemen.
This is Chabot's fourth season with the Sea Dogs and he is just two goals and one point shy of setting career-highs in those categories.
The Sea Dogs sit first place in the QMJHL with a 47-13-5-1 record.
We've built this idea up that NXT is a breeding ground for future WWE stars, many of which paid their dues working the independent scene long before they came to developmental. Guys like Cesaro, Kevin Owens, Neville, and even the WWE Champions Seth Rollins all began polishing their craft on the indys. While NXT has been able to create some stars without any real prior experience, for example Bray Wyatt & Roman Regins, more often than not these guys come from a different background.
WWE occasionally likes to acknowledge that fact and instead bringing on former bodybuilders or cross fit athletes they look around the indy scene for talent.
We've seen them recently acquire guys like Owens, Hideo Itami (KENTA), Finn Balor (Prince Devitt), Samoa Joe, and Apollo Crews (Uhaa Nation). For the most part these guys have helped make NXT go from developmental system to WWE's third brand. When the network finally took off some of these men helped NXT gain the popularity and recognition that no one expected to come from the developmental show.
Quickly these guys were poached for the main roster, while others fell victim to injury. If you take a look at the first NXT big event…NXT Arrival there are only three active wrestlers still in NXT; Tyler Breeze, Mojo Rawley, & Emma (she was eventually called up and came back down). Granted many of the wrestlers are still with WWE…but the landscape in NXT is much different from then. Even since the last NXT event four wrestlers have been called up and those were four big names; Kevin Owens, Charlotte, Becky Lynch & Sasha Banks. Along with those call ups Sami Zayn & Hideo Itami have been sidelined with injury and only Samoa Joe has come in to replace them.
We still see some of them make appearances in NXT but with one foot out the door, you start to lose interest in what they are doing in NXT. You get to see them on Raw & Smackdown so why tune into NXT?
Sure I still tune in every week, but I've noticed that I'm slowly transitioning from needing to catch it when it first airs to being able to catch up on it sometime during the weekend. NXT use to be that must see WWE program almost more so then Raw at one point now it seems like its heading down a similar path of Smackdown.
With NXT being taken on the road and more big events like the upcoming Takeover in Brooklyn, WWE is going to have to re-up their roster and make NXT exciting and fresh again. While we have a few guys waiting in the wing Solomon Crowe (who doesn't get nearly enough time), Tye Dillinger (Who's perfect 10 gimmicks could be the next Yes!), and the upcoming debut of Apollo Crews here are ten fresh faces that I think could fit within the NXT system and help the brand continue to be one of the best wrestling products out there.
Disclaimer: I'm not going to list guys like AJ Styles, Jay Lethal or the Young Bucks…we all get it. These guys are entertaining and fun to watch but I want to take a different look at this. Plenty of list have these guys on them and by now we all understand how great it would be to have them in NXT. An granted I do plan on naming some obvious choices during this list…I just don't plan on naming the top guys from every company other than WWE. I would love to see plenty of different wrestlers in NXT, way more than just ten, but these are the ten guys and girls that I think would fit perfectly into what they are doing down there. Some might have a shot at the main roster one day, but that isn't what this list is really about.
10. Adam Cole
This is going to be my most obvious choice…It hasn't been much of a secret that Cole is on WWE's radar and while I have no clue if he would sign there or not I think he would be a great “short term” fix for NXT's needs.
Cole has the look, the talent, he is versatility in his ability to play heel or face and has the ability to deliver in the ring with a level of confidence that you just can't teach. He reminds me a little of Randy Orton (who I think would be a great dream match…but that's for a different article.)
Anyway….I think Cole would have a tough time staying on NXT's roster but a solid six month run would help them build up their house shows, bring back/in the audience that they may have lost from the other departures, and help get rid of meaningless matches on TV.
I would also like to see Michael Bennett and Kyle O'Reilly in NXT but are they too obvious of choices?
9. Johnny Gargano
This might be the last obvious choice…Gargano is exactly what I picture for NXT. When he comes through that curtain you're not going to see a bad match…it might not be the best match of the night but I'll guarantee that it won't be close to the worst. This kid has emerged from that Midwest wrestler you've watched on YouTube to being the show-stealing, social media wizard, that wrestling hipsters are claiming to have liked way before he was on WWE's radar.
With the right push behind him Gargano could be NXT's version of Daniel Bryan. I say that because I feel like Gargano could come in and deliver with just about anyone, much like Bryan. I also think he would have an easy time connecting with fans….once he finds his rhythm there.
Finn Balor vs Johnny Gargano for the NXT Title would be an indy fans dream and a NXT fans surprise. Samoa Joe might actually have someone to go with and upon his return Itami could put on some great mid-card matches with NXT's swizz army knife.
8. Drew Gulak
Remember when C.J Parker was walking around with pick-it signs and boring us all with his lackluster hippie gimmick…well let's take the concept behind that and put it behind Drew Gulak. Gulak once used the concept “Campaign for a Better Combat Zone”….which is close to what Parker was attempting and more like what Steve Corino did in ECW with his anti-hardcore gimmick.
“A Campaign for a Better NXT” where Gulak looks to rid NXT of former NFL rejects, cross fit athletes & body builders and bring back the prestige of pro-wrestling. NXT is missing those types of angles and storylines and this along with Gulak's in ring talent, think Malenko with a little more zip behind him. Like Gargano before him Gulak can wrestle just about anyone, which is something NXT needs. With guys like Corbin and Dempsey on the roster they could use some more versatile pieces.
7. Sara Del Rey
I understand that she is already down there, but she is off camera what I'm suggesting is that she becomes a part of the show. It's no secret that the NXT women's division is going to take a huge hit with Charlotte, Becky Lynch & Sasha Banks making their way to the main roster. With NXT's next crop of divas still pretty green, it would only make sense to bring in a veteran like Del Rey to help them along.
This isn't a new concept for NXT as they've been using Rhyno for a few months now and had Brian Kendrick do a few matches. Del Rey already trains these girls, so who better to get in the ring with them and help transition over the new class. As far as signing new talent I'm sure at least three of the last four women from Tough Enough will be making their way back.
6. Kyle O'Reilly
I'd like to point out that this isn't a top ten list…it just a list of ten wrestlers that I think should be in NXT…no particular order just how it flows out. With that being said I thought about it and O'Reilly being in NXT is worth being like every other list of indy wrestlers who belong in WWE/NXT.
With that being said I'm entering O'Reilly into this list with the thought that either one of two things will happen or have happened; 1. He ends up teaming/feuding with Adam Cole with a brutal blow-off match at a Takeover event. 2. Bobby Fish joins him and reDRagon actually make the NXT tag team division bearable.
Another reason why I pulled an audible and added O'Reilly…besides the fact I'm really into the MMA/Strong-style he brings. I'd really like to see O'Reilly & Itami go at it.
5. Rhett Titus
Alright I'm a homer…Titus is to me like the Celtics are to Bill Simmons. I can't cheer for the guy and it would be great to see him in NXT. Regardless of my allegiance to him, I really do see him fitting down there.
Just imagine the entire Full Sail crowd doing the Rhettski (If you don't know what the Rhettski is thought the People's Elbow, but instead of the arm waving back and forth Titus mimics being on a jet ski before dropping a leg drop.) Titus vs Tyler Breeze would be the greatest prima donna match up in a long time.
Also if for some reason or another Kenny King lands down there you have two guys with chemistry who would lend a much-needed helping hand to that tag team division.
4. War Machine (Hanson & Raymond Rowe)
Not only do these guys have a different look then the rest of the NXT tag teams, but they also look like they could and would kick your ass for fun. When I look at these guys I think this is what The Ascension should have looked like…or least resembled. It's no secret that the NXT tag division is lacking. Enzo and Big Cass are one foot out the door it seems and Blake & Murphy suck…that might literally be the worst tag team in the company. Behind them you have the Mojo Rawley & Zack Ryder, Vaudevillians, who are entertaining but the gimmick will eventually hit a stalemate, and The Mechanics who are good, but not enough to hold the division together.
That's where these guys come into play. You can throw them a new tag team each week like you did The Ascension and you can get a solid year and a half out of them before you have to really worry about what to do next. Just keep feeding them teams and eventually they will get the call up where just like every other tag team they will be wasted, but at least during their NXT run they will have some fun.
3. Brian Cage
The guy was down in developmental before but that was FCW and he had a silly name. I'm sure his current deal with Lucha Underground would interfere in this dream scenario but I'm just going to act like it doesn't matter. Cage would be one hell of an addition to NXT and would certainly please Kevin Dunn's lustful eyes.
2. Curtis Axel
Yeah he is on the main roster, but so was Tyson Kidd and look what that did for him. Kidd's career was rejuvenated while being now in NXT, so maybe it can do the same for Axel. The guy is fun to watch and really gives everything his all.
I say move him down there, toss the Axelmania gimmick in the trash with the European title and let's give Axel something he can work with. Other suggestions like this would be Heath Slater, Fandango, Adam Rose, Cameron & Jack Swagger. All these guys could do some time down in NXT help refresh their characters or in Rose's case toss it to the side and bring out something new like *cough*Leo Kruger*cough8. I would start with Axel and maybe work my way down, with a new fresh face every six months or so. If something works call them back up and bring the next one down. This would allow for NXT to always have an established name down there and it would help with those house shows when the big names are gone.
1.Cheeseburger
His raw talent and ability to perform in the ring is match by none. I can see it now they could have the Burger King guy walk him down to the ring like he was Floyd Mayweather….
I'm just kidding my last and final choice to help fill out the NXT roster is Moose. The guy is a beast and has picked up wrestling rather quickly. Aside from someone like Ronda Rousey or IK Enemkpali entering the ring Quinn Ojinnaka is the only outside talent I'm interested in.
He has the size that management seems to love, the guy is 6'5” and weighs 295 pounds in the wrestling world…who knows how close that really is but the fact is this guy seems like the perfect project to watch grow in NXT and that's something we are currently missing. Everyone seems to be coming in already polish and ready for the display aisle and the whole point of NXT is to watch these men and women develop and we could do just that with Moose…who might need a name change.
Year over year, the NHL franchise is the most consistent of all the annual EA Sports products. The series' consistent improvement seems to be set to continue with NHL 18.
I had about four hours of hands-on time with the game at EA's Redwood City headquarters and I came away impressed. I'd already downloaded the beta, so I was familiar with the gameplay and the new 3-on-3 Threes feature, so I spent most of my time thumbing through franchise mode.
In NHL 18, players will have an opportunity to take control of the expansion Vegas Golden Knights, or even add a 32nd NHL team in a city of their choice.
The team creation suite is very good, though not on par with what you see from MLB The Show's Diamond Dynasty tool or NBA 2K's MyLeague and MyGM, but still solid.
You're able to choose between a fair number of template logos, sweater designs and almost infinite amount of colors to individualize your new team.
Perhaps the coolest part of the team creation process is the option to create your own mascot. It would be nice if you had more options for the type of mascot (animals, people, etc), but as it is, it's fun to create your own hype machine.
The expansion draft is another highlight of the process. You have to pick one player from every NHL team, and it's a challenge balancing the benefits of selecting a young player with a slightly lower rating over an older player with high mark.
If you plan on playing multiple seasons, investing in the future would appear to be the smartest approach. After the expansion draft, you still get an opportunity to bolster your roster through the NHL Entry Draft, trades and free agency.
The bidding process on free agents was entertaining. Players seem to behave a little more realistically in this year's game than in the past. Some players will drive a really hard bargain (I'm looking at you, Steve Mason).
Overall, these layers make for an entertaining offseason.
If there is an area of the franchise mode that needs work, it's the scouting. Shout out to Game Informer's Matt Bertz for offering some much-needed perspective on this angle.
It's a little difficult to navigate the menus, but I still liked the overall evaluation process of the prospects.
A few of the journalist on hand for the impression simulated seasons to see how well their teams did in their first year. Some made the postseason and others did not. I liked the variation because not everyone drafted the same players.
There were also different injuries in each of those scenarios. Ultimately, a good franchise mode experience varies from user to user. This is what NHL 18 is likely going to deliver.
I look forward to getting my hands on the retail version to make a final determination. NHL 18 releases on September 15 for PS4 and box 1.
BOXING: Jade Bassett was left scarred after trying to fight off kangaroos. Pictures: Max Mason-Hubers
TWO kangaroos pinned Jade Bassett in the scrub and clawed her body for 25 minutes.
The 13-year-old threw herself face down in a ditch to try to get away, but the kangaroos continued to attack, in bushland at Oakhampton.
She put her legs together and kicked upwards to fight them off, but the roos jumped forward and gouged her legs.
The Rutherford teenager had tried to outrun them but they trapped her.
One of the eastern greys rose on its legs and kicked her, knocking her to the ground. She got up, but a kangaroo pulled her backwards by the hair. Then the other hit her stomach with its front claws.
If her grandfather Kevin Henderson had not been nearby and startled them with his screams and a large stick, Jade's injuries could have been a lot worse. Her grandmother Carol said it was a miracle that Jade didn't get her eyes scratched out.
Jade and her grandfather went to Walka Water Works on Tuesday at 5pm so she could use the jogging track.
BOXING: 13 year old Rutherford girl Jade Bassett was viciously attacked by a group of Grey Kangaroos yesterday while jogging at Walka Water Works outside Maitland. Credit: Max Mason-Hubers MMH.
It was the first time she had been able to run in five months because she suffers from vocal cord dysfunction and had been undergoing treatment to strengthen her respiratory system.
She had been running for two or three minutes when she encountered three buck kangaroos about 1.6metres tall
‘‘They were standing on the track and wouldn't move when I got closer so I went around them,'' she said. ‘‘I was about five metres away from them when one started following me. I ran to one side of the track thinking it would move past me, but it kept following me.
‘‘It kicked me and I fell on my back. I tried to push its legs away and it bit my hand and grabbed at my chest and face. It was on top of me and it was so strong.
‘‘When I ran back to the main track, another kangaroo hit me on the head and the back.
‘‘I had a kangaroo on the side of me and one in front of me.
‘‘They were hissing and grunting and showing their teeth, then they scratched me.
‘‘I couldn't reach their face because they were so tall.''
Jade's legs and chest bore the brunt. Some of the puncture marks and scratches are deep.
BOXING: Jade Bassett was left scarred after trying to fight off kangaroos like this one at Oakhampton. Pictures: Max Mason-Hubers
Concerned that someone else might be attacked, she urged people to be careful of kangaroos.
The attack was inevitable according to Ray Ellicott who has lived in Oakhampton for more than 50 years.
He warned council workers at Walka Water Works a few years ago when the local kangaroo population kept increasing.
‘‘Some of those big bucks are two metres high,'' Mr Ellicott said.
‘‘They are dangerous and they will attack.''
There are about 400 eastern grey kangaroos living in scrub near Walka Water Works, according to Oakhampton residents.
Males weigh about 70kilograms and females around half that.
They are visible at dawn and dusk and have been sighted along the Hunter River, at the Belmore Bridge, and at Hungry Jacks and the Rutherford soccer fields on the New England Highway.
Oakhampton residents believe housing developments in Aberglasslyn are forcing kangaroos, which once grazed on that land, to move into Oakhampton.
National Parks and Wildlife personnel and Maitland City Council's ranger will visit the attack site today.
Maitland City Council's community and recreation services manager Lyn Morton thought this was the first time an attack had happened at Walka Water Works.
She said the council would erect signs at the site to warn people to look out for kangaroos.
You think you know all about Ridley Scott's Alien? There are still plenty of dark corners in the backstory of the movie that helped birth (so to speak) the genre of space horror. A new book, Alien Vault, is chock full of amazing art and totally weird Alien facts.
Writer Ian Nathan has interviewed everybody associated with the film — or in some cases, assembled old interviews with people who are now dead — and created a compelling look at how this fairly low budget production managed to achieve so much. It's striking, after reading the book and looking at all the images, just how many weird minds were brought together in this one production — including almost all of the great concept artists and designers of the 1970s. You'll also come away from the book with a new appreciation for just how much of a miracle it was that Alien even got made, and avoided being hokey.
Advertisement
To give you a flavor, here are some of the crazy things we learned about Ridley Scott's masterpiece from Alien Vault: The Definitive Story of the Making of the Film.
We owe Alien to the failure of Jodorowsky's Dune. Writer Dan O'Bannon was hired to design special effects on Alejandro Jodorowsky's bizarre adaptation of Frank Herbert's Dune, which would have featured Mick Jagger, Orson Welles and Salvador Dalí among others. When Jodorowsky's Dune fell through, O'Bannon was so shattered he had a nervous breakdown and spent some time in a mental institution. When he returned to Hollywood, penniless, he had nothing to do but finish co-writing a half-finished screenplay about an alien loose on a spaceship.
Advertisement
Roger Corman almost made Alien. Corman, who was in his heyday with films like Battle Beyond the Stars, was excited by O'Bannon and Ron Shusett's screenplay, originally called Gremlins and now renamed Starbeast. Corman's version would have been much different — for one thing, O'Bannon and Shusett's version of the script was much more Lovecraftian and the dialogue was much less deadpan and matter-of-fact. All of the characters were male and one-dimensional, with names like Cleave Hunter and Chaz Standard. Plus Corman would have made it for a few pennies — but after Star Wars hit big, suddenly studios were willing to spend real money on space films.
There's an actual blueprint of the Nostromo, as well as a detailed schematic. If you've ever wanted to understand the geography of that claustrophobic ship, these ultra-detailed drawings will be a huge help. You also get to see Ron Cobb's early Nostromo sketches, which are all about function — he remarks that he always designs spaceships as if they were absolutely real, "right down to the fuel tolerances, the centers of gravity, the way the engines function, radiation shielding, whatever." There are also Chris Foss's more fanciful Nostromo drawings. (And apparently in the original screenplay, this ship was called the Snark, in a wry Lewis Carroll reference.)
Advertisement
The Nostromo was a self-contained set. Long before Duncan Jones sealed himself and his film crew inside the moonbase in Moon, and Joss Whedon built the Serenity as one complete set, Ridley Scott had a spaceship set that you couldn't get out of except by walking all the way through it. The actors felt trapped inside the set, adding to the film's realism. And with time and money running out, Scott didn't have time to light a lot of the scenes — he just adjusted the ambient lighting in the corridors and kept going. But budgetary constraints meant that production designer Michael Seymour had to abandon his plans to build a single complete Nostromo set, three storeys high, so that actors would have to climb down companionways from one level to another.
The Who's Roger Daltrey gave us the weird light show when the facehuggers are awoken. Remember that carckle of electric blue light when the Nostromo crew disturbs the resting place of the facehuggers? It's thanks to Roger Daltrey — the singer and his crew were in a villa next to Shepperton Studios, experimenting with laser beams for their next tour, and they let Ridley Scott borrow their gear.
Advertisement
Yaphet Kotto was so dedicated to improv, he thought he could change the movie's ending. Every day the actor would greet the harried Ridley Scott with a giant list of ideas about how they could improve his scenes. And on the day that his character, Parker, was supposed to die, Kotto chased after Scott, shouting, "I am not going to die! I am going to beat that alien." So Scott had the Alien (Eddie Powell) warn him which entrance Kotto was hiding at, so Scott's cameras (and the Alien) could catch him by surprise.
Sigourney Weaver wore thigh-high hooker boots to her audition. Even she doesn't quite remember why she was wearing those. She couldn't have looked less like Ripley, but at least they made her look tall and imposing.
Advertisement
It's a myth that the ten-minute self-destruct countdown unfolds in real-time. People often claim that those 10 minutes last exactly 10 minutes on screen — but they don't. Critic Roz Kaveney timed it, and found that the first two minutes take only 20 seconds, while the second two minutes take 30 seconds. The first nine minutes take about six minutes, and then you're in real time for the final minute.
All in all, Alien Vault is a must-read book for anybody interested in science fiction movies — and if you want to delve into Alien lore ahead of Scott's Prometheus, it's especially important. The awesome reproductions of storyboards, concept art and early sketches give you insight into at least five great visual artists: H.R. Giger, Moebius, Ron Cobb, Chris Foss, and Scott himself.
Advertisement
This is a gorgeous art book as well as an essential source of information — if anything, it's almost too beautiful, because you want to keep thumbing through it for more weird facts, but you don't want to risk ruining such a lovely book. The thing comes in a fancy cardboard slipcase, and here and there are little translucent envelopes containing huge, folded up glossy reproductions of Alien storyboards or concept art. It's kind of unwieldy, but absolutely lovely. If you're rich, you'd almost want to buy two copies.
[Amazon.com]
Colin Kaepernick said Buffalo Bills fans treated him worse than any others last season.
Kaepernick, having tested America's fabric by daring to kneel for the national anthem, made his first start for the San Francisco 49ers here. In parking lots outside New Era Field, T-shirts depicting Kaepernick in a sniper's cross hairs were sold.
Kaepernick has been unable to find employment this year. Many suspect it's because his politics are so controversial.
Magomed Bibulatov will earn a paycheck Saturday night in Buffalo. The Chechen flyweight is expected to defeat Jenel Lausa on the undercard of UFC 210 in KeyBank Center.
The bout is Bibulatov's UFC debut. He's in the major leagues, and he thanks an Islamic extremist warlord for the opportunity.
Bibulatov in a preflight questionnaire listed his hero as Ramzan Kadyrov, leader of Chechnya, a man linked to war crimes, assassinations and kidnappings, a man who believes in sharia law, that women should be beaten if they don't cover their heads, a man who claims America was behind the Boston Marathon bombing.
"As an athlete, I'm not into politics; I'm not into religion," Bibulatov said through a translator Wednesday morning in the Buffalo Marriott HarborCenter lobby. "But I support Ramzan fully."
An hour later, Charles Rosa walked through the hotel's seventh-floor lobby with a panoramic view of the city. He also is on the UFC 210 undercard. Rosa's nickname is "Boston Strong," the slogan created as a rally after the marathon bombings killed three and injured hundreds more.
Rosa hadn't heard of Bibulatov until Wednesday. Once filled in, Rosa regretted he's in a higher weight class but mulled the idea of fighting twice Saturday night.
Bibulatov was known as "Gladiator" until Kadyrov gave him a new nickname. "Cha Borz" translates to "bear wolf." The Chaborz M-3 is a military dune buggy Kadyrov test drove last month.
Kadyrov staged a nationally televised news conference in January when Bibulatov signed a UFC contract.
"The UFC is a dream come true for every fighter," Bibulatov said. "The UFC's the top level. It was a dream to step into the octagon one day. It's an honor."
Kadyrov loves mixed-martial arts and has used the sport to symbolize raw Chechen power. He frequently uses social media to post videos and photographs of himself training or hobnobbing with fighters.
He founded the Akhmat Fight Club, named after his father, Akhmad Kadyrov, a top Muslim cleric and Chechen president for seven months before his assassination 2004. Ramzan took over three years later.
Kadyrov made international headlines in October for televising children's MMA without protective gear. Three of his sons – 8, 9 and 12 years old – competed. All of them won.
Fedor Emelianenko, an MMA superstar and head of the sport in Russia, condemned the fights. A week later, Emelianenko's 16-year-old daughter was beaten on her way home from school in Moscow.
Kadyrov bankrolls the Akhmat MMA Grand Prix tournaments. University at Buffalo graduate Desmond Green, also on Saturday night's undercard, competed on a Kadyrov card in March 2016.
Former UFC middleweight champ Chris Weidman – he's on the UFC 210 card, too – took some heat two years ago for letting Kadyrov use him as a prop. Kadyrov paid Weidman, former UFC heavyweight champs Fabricio Werdum and Frank Mir appearance fees to promote an Akhmat MMA card in March 2015.
Asked if he regretted the decision, Weidman shook his head with an incredulous no.
"We got treated amazing over there, like kings," Weidman said. "We gave a little bit of a seminar, went through different moves, saw their facilities and how they trained.
"We went to Ramzan's palace. It was a great experience, a completely different culture than I've ever seen. It's a different world than we live in."
Kadyrov's reputation could put UFC in a tricky spot if he continues to throw money at its fighters and fund a Chechen pipeline. UFC needs the talent, especially in the flyweight division, where Demetrious Johnson has held the title since 2012.
UFC has addressed Kadyrov's presence by stating its fighters are independent contractors who can do whatever they choose away from the octagon. UFC fighters don't belong to a union or collectively bargain policies like athletes in most big-league sports.
"Without the proper support and people to push sport," Bibulatov said, "it's almost impossible to achieve and to have fighters going overseas to represent Chechnya. He created a fight club and helps to push us internationally. It's very important.
"Before his support, when I was an amateur, I had won five different titles, and it seemed like I was just circling around."
That Bibulatov comes from Kadyrov's system isn't as significant as the fighter's public testimony for such a warlord.
Asked which is more tiresome to discuss, Kadyrov's politics or fighting Johnson for the flyweight title someday, Bibulatov replied with a laugh: "Both subjects are very painful."
Chechnya, population about 1.1 million, is a Russian republic in the mountainous North Caucasus region. The capital is named after Ivan Grozny (Ivan the Terrible).
Kadyrov has professed his loyalty to President Vladimir Putin, and the Kremlin has backed the Kadyrov's leadership.
But their relationship is an uneasy balance between nationalism and hard-line religion.
Bibulatov will need to navigate his MMA career delicately as American fans learn his name.
His notorious hero has declared sharia law supersedes Russia's authority. Kadyrov has publicly encouraged honor killings of women believed to be unfaithful, beating and shaming women for not wearing headscarves by shooting them with paintball guns and polygamy for men wealthy and healthy enough to handle it.
Kadyrov has espoused obligatory sharia teachings in Chechen schools.
Kadyrov and his heavily armed parliamentary forces – the Kadyrovsty reportedly is 20,000 soldiers strong – have been tied to several killings, kidnappings and disappearances of his critics, including journalists and rights activists. He has denied involvement in them all but praises the acts on social media.
A New York Times story this week, citing a Russian opposition newspaper, reported Chechen authorities were arresting and killing gay men. Kadyrov's spokesman essentially denied gay people exist in Chechnya because if they did, their families would make them disappear.
But Kadyrov has brought stability to Chechnya, and that itself is valuable to Putin.
"Before him, as the world knows, it was postwar destruction, rubble," said Bibulatov, who began his interview by snapping an iPhone photo of The Buffalo News reporter seated across from him. "Since he's been in control, everything has been rebuilt. He's a good manager all around."
Rosa, the fighter known as Boston Strong, wasn't impressed by the tale.
He nearly fought a Chechen and ponders whether it might have prevented the Boston Marathon bombings somehow. Rosa was scheduled for a match against Ibragim Todashev in November 2012. The fight was cancelled because Todashev had a knee injury.
Six months later, Chechen-American brothers Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev left two backpacks containing homemade bombs near the Boston Marathon finish line. In a few weeks, an FBI agent shot Todashev dead. Todashev, a friend and MMA training partner of Tamerlan Tsarnaev's, was being questioned about the bombing and a 2011 triple-murder in which they might have been involved.
Tamerlan was shot to death by police the night of the bombing. Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was convicted of 30 charges and sentenced to death.
Kadyrov claimed the Tsarnaevs were framed, that U.S. intelligence agencies committed the bombings.
"I wonder if I whooped his ass," Rosa said of the cancelled Todashev bout, "if the bombing still would've happened."
Bibulatov's translator, Magomed Imakaev, is from Boston and conceded it was difficult for a while to be a Chechen there.
That was four years ago next week.
IRVINE, Calif. -- With their best player still sitting home and skipping training camp, and with the young quarterback still lacking much of a supporting cast around him, and with their highest-paid receiver hobbled at training camp, the Los Angeles Rams parted with a second-round pick and young corner Friday to land Sammy Watkins from Buffalo.
You could call it a move born of some desperation.
Few offenses, if any, were as unwatchable as that of the Rams from a year ago, and outside of the selection of rookie Cooper Kupp, whom I continue to hear rave reviews about at camp here on the UC Irvine campus, in the third round and adding Robert Woods in free agency, it's the same marginal cast (though with a drastically improved offensive coaching staff). So the Rams have nowhere to go but up on that side of the ball, and while I've long been a Watkins skeptic due to his chronic injury woes, you can understand L.A.'s attraction to the former first-round pick, whom Buffalo traded up for (egregiously) three years ago.
Tavon Austin, for all the money he earns, is a gadget guy; when he does make plays, it's often around the line of scrimmage. Kupp will do his best work in the slot, and the Rams had no one to stretch the field vertically and be that persistent outside presence. It's a vital component in any offense and especially in the scheme of Sean McVay, the youngest head coach in the league, so it's hardly surprising the Rams have been monitoring Watkins' availability for months.
"It probably started a little bit in the spring as you're talking to people and trying to improve your roster," Rams GM Les Snead said while meeting with reporters before Friday's practice. "We started flirting with Buffalo and Sammy probably around the time when they didn't put the fifth-year option on him and we didn't put the fifth-year option on Greg (Robinson, former Rams first-rounder).
"And over time I had a conversation with Buffalo and then when Brandon Beane got the GM job we rekindled that a little bit during the summer and it came to fruition this week."
No ad available
What Watkins brings to the table
Watkins, when he does play and is unencumbered by nagging foot and other injuries, can certainly be explosive. His has legit big-play potential, averaging over 16 yards per catch in his career. Despite being in pedestrian, largely run-dominated offenses, he does have 10 100-yard games in three seasons (in 37 games played, and many of them at less than full strength). Getting him deep early and often will be imperative.
"When you attack a team in your passing game, you'd like to use the length of the field and the width of the field," Snead said. "And that's what speed can do for you to allow you to attack vertically as well as with the width. So it's trying to open the field up, and it's not just one person. It might be a tight end this week, it might be a slot receiver this down, maybe a running back out of the backfield."
If we're talking deep stuff, yeah, it'll mostly be Watkins among this bunch. His 26 catches of 25 yards or more are tied for 16th in the NFL since 2014 (when Watkins entered the league), though Snead conceded that the durability factor was something he and his medical staff had to explore before pulling off the trade, which also sent corner E.J. Gaines, who became a starter last season, to Buffalo. Watkins has missed 11 games over the past two seasons.
"We definitely discussed it," Snead said, "and I think it's probably one of the reason they didn't put the fifth-year option on him. But when we dove into it we felt comfort taking the risk and making this move and going forward."
No ad available
Rams eye long-term deals for Watkins, Donald
Snead was unequivocal about the Rams' desire to secure Watkins' services beyond this season (he makes just $690,000 in base salary this season at the end of his rookie deal, and is eligible for unrestricted free agency next season unless franchised).
"Definitely -- he's 24, so you don't just do it for the now," Snead said.
That could prove tricky, however. Watkins might want to play it out, and with Jared Goff coming off such a rocky rookie season, he could prefer other options down the line. And the Rams are still trying to get an extension done with all-world defensive tackle Aaron Donald, still not at camp, and he won't come cheap. Watkins will want top-of-the-market money to commit long-term now, I reckon.
Snead told me the dialogue with Donald is ongoing and they have a substantial offer on the table.
"Whether it's a holdout or an injury, these are things we have to be able to deal with," McVay told me, "and that's something that we're trying to figure out every day. We want Aaron here and we want to make him a Ram for a long time, and in the little bit of time I've spent with him it doesn't take long to see what kind of special player he is, based on the tape, and what kind of person he is and how much he loves the game of football and his teammates. That's why we want to get it figured out."
No ad available
The Rams have been open to other trade options as well, though this deal of Gaines makes it even less likely they move top corner Trumaine Johnson, who is making $17 million this season after being franchised a second straight year. Sources said the Steelers have been among the teams sniffing around on a possible Johnson trade.
Goff finding early rapport with Kupp
All eyes here remain on Goff at all times -- it's not unusual for even Snead to be nearby on the practice field when the youngster is running drills -- and from what I've seen of him this week he remains very up and down. He'll miss two or three throws that make you shake your head and then loft a perfect 50-yard parabola for touchdowns a few times in a row. The learning curve remains steep, I imagine.
"I think he's done a nice job up until this point," McVay said, realizing the truer tests don't come until the preseason opener this weekend.
Kupp seems to be sparking some early chemistry with Goff as well. Despite having just been drafted, he's smart and savvy enough to play all three receiver spots -- though the slot is where he truly shines with a two-way go -- and even with Watkins flying to L.A. I'd expect plenty of balls to come his way.
No ad available
"He's come in and done a really nice job," McVay said. "He's a very mature rookie and he sees the game through the eyes of a quarterback with his understanding of the route concepts and the timing and rhythm."
Bills building for the future
As for the Bills, Watkins' former team, they might not be done dealing, either. I love what Beane and rookie head coach Sean McDermott are doing to reshape the roster and culture in Buffalo, both long in disarray. Watkins was a favorite for former GM Doug Whaley and became a polarizing figure there among decision-makers, with his health likely precluding another big deal in Buffalo (they recently dealt quarterback Cardale Jones, another of Whaley's pet projects, to the Chargers). In another trade Friday, the Bills took a flier on slow-developing receiver Jordan Matthews, who needed a change of scenery, as a potential fill-in for Watkins, and get Gaines to take the spot of Ronald Darby, who was moved in the Matthews deal, at corner.
Buffalo also picked up additional second- and third-round picks in 2018 in the two deals, where they can draft replacements if Matthews and Gaines don't pan out. And the recent signing of uber-veteran Anquan Boldin won't do anything to improve Buffalo's speed sans Watkins, but does give Tyrod Taylor another available target.
"People forget that we just signed Boldin," Beane said during the Bills press conference. "This isn't a throw in the towel move. You don't know me if you think I'm throwing in the towel."
Everyone knows what an addiction is and everyone is aware of some sort of hard addictions such as drugs, alcohol or gambling. All these things are pretty bad. That is because people who are abusing these usually cannot stop doing or using them even if it is harmful to them. Those are well-known addictions that require treatment or a strong will power to stop, but are there any less harmful addictions? Well there are, they are called: soft addictions.
What is a soft addiction?
A soft addiction could be anything that is pleasurable and activates pleasure centres in our brains. Watching entertainment on TV will activate pleasure centres in our brain, but it does not automatically make it an addiction. Not everyone who watches tv for an hour a day has this soft addiction. The second part of the soft addiction equation is if we overdo thing then it might be classified as a soft addiction. Browsing the web, watching TV or shopping as activities does not mean they are addictions or that they harm you, but if done in excess and it disconnects you from the present moment, then it might be an addiction. If the excess of the behaviour creates a negative impact in any of the areas in your life, that is when the activity becomes a problem and should be dealt with.
Types of possible soft addictions: Shopping
Sex
Browsing internet
Texting
TV and online series
Social media
Eating
Biting nails
As a quick note, I would like to remind you that you should not get confused about passion-driven behaviour and addiction-driven behaviour. Passion driven behaviour, as well as addiction behaviour, will activate pleasure centres in your brain. However, addictive activities will not add value to your life. We mostly use addictive actions to run away from a deeper problem that we have. Although they might be very similar, you must be really aware of your actions to identify which action are you currently doing.
How to identify soft addiction?
Most of the time soft addiction is hiding something deeper underneath. One example could be that you choose to browse the web because you've got this big thing you need to work on, but you think it would require a lot of energy, so you chose to browse the web. Another example could be that you bite the nails because you're anxious about the upcoming big day tomorrow. Or it could be caused by many other psychological reasons which I do not have enough understanding on so I will stop here.
To identify your soft addictions and/or problems lying underneath them you need to become aware of them. The best method to do that is to practise self-awareness. Self-awareness is a skill that will help you to know yourself, therefore, it will be easier for you to see and change your soft addictions. (To learn more about self-awareness please check out my previous posts here).
Self-awareness and knowledge about yourself can be boosted by asking people around you. Friends and family see you every day and they know how you behave daily, therefore don't be scared to ask them about any negative things you might have! (But please do not get angry or frustrated at the feedback, take it as an inspiration for self-improvement!)
Once you have identified the bad habits, here are some tips on how to break free from them:
How to break free from soft-addictions?
Track behaviour. Track your behaviours by looking at what you're doing. Being self-aware really helps on this one, as you get to notice your actions much easier. Found yourself pointlessly browsing the web again? Stop and think is this is the most valuable thing you can be doing at that moment.
Mind your thoughts, write down your bigger vision of your life. Again self-awareness is a big one on this. Once you know what and why you're thinking it is easier to break the addictions and become a better version of yourself. Write down the description of that new version of yourself on paper and try to accomplish it.
Pick a new behaviour, find other things you enjoy. A lot of people get into soft addictions because of boredom. However, if the cause is not the boredom replacing soft addiction actions with new ones is well recommended too. By adding new, better things to your life you can control yourself and enjoy life a little bit more once again.
Cut back slowly, don't worry if it seems difficult. Changing habits is never an easy task. It can take weeks or even months, depending on how deeply your soft addiction is in you. Do not try to cut out the old habit from your routines completely. Instead, try to remove it slowly. Do you spend 3 hours on the web? Try to lower it down to 2 hours first, and then gradually lower it down even more.
Seek support. Doing things on your own is really hard at the beginning. Try to reach out to your friends and family and spend your time with them instead of killing your time doing the bad habit. If family or friends isn't an option try to seek out for a counsellor, coach or therapist guidance in order to deal with your situation.
For further reading on this topic, I recommend reading “The Soft Addiction Solution by Judith Wright“. It goes much deeper in explaining the reasons and how to deal with soft addictions:
This book is about soft addictions and why we are so drawn to them. Often they have a very long history behind them. So one begins to see the reason behind the addiction. However, that's not enough to stop. This is where the book opens up your eyes. – This book is about soft addictions and why we are so drawn to them. Often they have a very long history behind them. So one begins to see the reason behind the addiction. However, that's not enough to stop. This is where the book opens up your eyes. – Stephen Luff
Thanks for reading!
Please leave a comment down below and share your soft addiction story! I know you have one, everyone does!
Interpretation of the news based on evidence, including data, as well as anticipating how events might unfold based on past events
Opinion Interpretation of the news based on evidence, including data, as well as anticipating how events might unfold based on past events
President Obama meets with President-elect Donald Trump in the Oval Office last year. (Pablo Martinez Monsivais/Associated Press)
The Trump administration's strike on one of Bashar al-Assad's air bases was similar in style and objectives to the strike plan that President Barack Obama prepared in 2013 — except that Obama's attacks were to be several times bigger than President Trump's. At the time, leading Republicans mocked the Obama administration for what it called “pinprick” strikes, calling them ineffective. The Trump administration's strike on one of Bashar al-Assad's air bases was similar in style and objectives to the strike plan that President Barack Obama prepared in 2013 — except that Obama's attacks were to be several times bigger than President Trump's. At the time, leading Republicans mocked the Obama administration for what it called “pinprick” strikes, calling them ineffective. Today they praise Trump's smaller strikes as perfectly calculated
“What we had in mind in 2013 had many more targets and was much more expansive,” a senior Obama administration official involved in those discussions told me.
On Thursday, Trump ordered the launch of On Thursday, Trump ordered the launch of 59 Tomahawk missiles at the Shayrat air base , the origin of Tuesday's chemical weapons attack that killed scores of Syrian civilians in Idlib. Trump explained in a letter to Congress Saturday that his strike was meant “to degrade the Syrian military's ability to conduct further chemical weapons attacks” and dissuade Assad from using chemicals again.
opinions global-opinions josh-rogin Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando true after3th false Opinions newsletter Thought-provoking opinions and commentary, in your inbox daily. Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You're all set! See all newsletters
Like Trump, the Obama team was not trying to topple the Assad regime and was not intending to address Assad's use of conventional weapons to kill civilians. But the Obama plan was designed to be substantial enough to have an impact on Assad's calculus. There were also plans to follow up with strikes on even more targets if Assad continued to use chemical weapons.
“The military planners thought that the attack we had planned in 2013 was significant enough to have a real deterrent effect,” the official said. “We had a strike plan that included additional targets that would not have been struck in the initial go around.”
The senior Obama administration official noted that more expansive attacks on more Syrian air bases are more difficult now than they were in 2013, because each Syrian base now has a Russian troop presence.
Sen. Lindsey O. Graham (R-S.C.), who saw Obama's plans at the time, told me that Obama's plan was to strike six different Assad military installations, whereas Trump's only involved one. But Graham noted that Obama changed his mind at the last minute and ended up not striking Syria at all.
“This is better than doing nothing. This is a step in the right direction,” Graham said. “Does it change their behavior? We don't know yet if this attack will work or not.”
Four things to know about the U.S. missile strike against Syria Embed  Copy Share       Play Video 2:04 What prompted the U.S. to act now, six years after the start of the civil war? The Washington Post's Amanda Erickson explains President Trump's decision to strike Syria. (Amanda Erickson,Jason Aldag/The Washington Post) What prompted the U.S. to act now, six years after the start of the civil war? The Washington Post's Amanda Erickson explains President Trump's decision to strike Syria. Four things to know about the U.S. airstrikes against Syria (Amanda Erickson, Jason Aldag/The Washington Post)
A senior National Security Council official pushed back on the notion that Trump's strikes were weaker than Obama's and that they would be too small to change Assad's calculus about using chemical weapons.
“This is different chemical weapons attack and a different president, and the difference is that this president took action,” the official said. “It's more likely to change Assad's behavior than no action on the part of President Obama.”
Several of the leading Republicans who praised Trump's Syria strike had previously said that Obama's 2013 plan would have been too insignificant to matter. Their criticism was in response to then-Secretary of State John F. Kerry promising that the strikes would be “ Several of the leading Republicans who praised Trump's Syria strike had previously said that Obama's 2013 plan would have been too insignificant to matter. Their criticism was in response to then-Secretary of State John F. Kerry promising that the strikes would be “ unbelievably small,” and would not lead to a larger U.S. military involvement in Syria.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) said in 2013 that Obama's proposed strikes were “like a pinprick” and wouldn't have “any great consequence.” On Friday, McConnell said Trump's strike was “was certainly more than a pinprick.”
Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) criticized Obama's proposed Syria strike plan during his presidential primary campaign. “The United States military was not built to conduct pinprick attacks,” Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) criticized Obama's proposed Syria strike plan during his presidential primary campaign. “The United States military was not built to conduct pinprick attacks,” he said in late 2015. After Trump's strike last week, he said they had “achieved a clear military objective,” which he said was to destroy or “significantly degrade” one of Assad's airfields.
So far, Assad's ability to use chemical weapons does not seem significantly degraded. On Saturday, the Assad regime resumed flying missions from the Shayrat air base and U.S. officials have said that the chemical weapons stockpile there was intentionally left unharmed. There are also reportedly other Syrian government bases that still have chemical weapons stores.
In a tweet Saturday, Trump defended the U.S. decision not to cripple the air base by bombing the runways by saying it was not worth doing because runways are easy to repair.
Whether Assad is deterred from using chemical weapons going forward remains to be seen. On the same day Trump struck Assad's air base, there were several reports that the regime used bombs filled with Whether Assad is deterred from using chemical weapons going forward remains to be seen. On the same day Trump struck Assad's air base, there were several reports that the regime used bombs filled with chlorine , another chemical weapon, to kill civilians in the city of Hama.
Most national security minded Democrats, Most national security minded Democrats, even top Obama administration officials, are supporting Trump's decision to strike Assad and say it sends a clear message about the United States' willingness to stand up for the principle that the use of chemical weapons cannot be tolerated. Still, they and hawkish Republicans are urging the Trump administration to do more.
“The real test for Mr. Trump is what comes next,” former deputy secretary of state Antony Blinken “The real test for Mr. Trump is what comes next,” former deputy secretary of state Antony Blinken wrote in the New York Times. “Now, the administration has leverage it should test with the Assad regime and Russia to restrain Syria's air force, stop any use of chemical or biological weapons, implement an effective cease-fire in Syria's civil war and even move toward a negotiated transition of power — goals that eluded the Obama administration.”
An Amanera Sunrise, the resort's signature drink. Photo Credit: Gay Nagle Myers
Arriving late in the afternoon at the Amanera resort on the verdant north coast of the Dominican Republic, I was handed an Amanera Sunrise, the resort's signature welcoming drink of pineapple juice, lime juice, beetroot juice and soda water topped with passion-fruit seeds.
It was the first of many special touches during my stay at the newest Aman Resorts property that opened on Nov. 23, the 29th property in its global portfolio and second in the Caribbean, joining Amanyara in Turks and Caicos.
Gay's tips • American, JetBlue and United serve Puerto Plata from several U.S. gateways; transfers are also available from Santo Domingo, two hours south. • Grab a walking stick and head up through the mountain ridge behind Amanera with Antonio, the resort's jack-of-all-trades tour guide, beach guide, outdoorsman and nature lover. Snap a selfie from the Viewpoint, a rustic lookout high in the hills overlooking the resort. • Complimentary activities include watersports, the Eco Casita kids' program, mountain biking and tennis. Golf and spa sessions are extra. • Enjoy a Dominican seafood lunch at Cesar #12 on the Playa Grande beach, a 20-minute walk along the shore from Amanera. • Try an Amanera specialty called Mama Juana, a Dominican concoction of rum, red wine, honey and local herbs. It's said to be an aphrodisiac and a cure for various illnesses.
During the hourlong ride from the Puerto Plata airport, I passed sleepy beach villages and drove by Cabarete, the kiteboarding capital of the Dominican, according to my driver, Melville, who also told me that "drivers here are crazy, there is no speed limit" and warned me that "Amanera is not like any other place you've ever seen."
He was right. Amanera is a tranquil, serene and intimate luxury resort, coupled with a food-and-beverage team that delivers a mix of haute cuisine and Dominican dishes straight from the sea and nearby farms.
The resort, which took three years to build, sits atop 60-foot-high cliffs, set between the crescent-shaped, mile-long Playa Grande beach and a golf course that was designed by Robert Trent Jones and recently renovated by his son, Rees.
The backdrop for the resort is the wild, untamed jungle of the Septentrional mountain range, which is laced with hiking trails, birdlife and dense foliage.
Amanera draws its name from the Sanskrit-derived word for "peace" and "era" and the word for "water" in Taino, a language spoken by the indigenous people of the Caribbean.
The dramatic, all-glass contemporary Casa Grande, the main building at the heart of the resort, appears to float above three levels of waterways with views of the ocean, jungle and golf course at every turn.
Water is as intrinsic to Amanera's design as its sleek designs and open spaces. Infinity-edge waterways are the borders for the open-air bar and lounge in Casa Grande and spill onto a curved swimming pool next to the resort's signature restaurant.
A view of the infinity pool and Atlantic from Amanera's breakfast terrace. Photo Credit: Gay Nagle Myers
Tucked discreetly into Casa Grande is a library, cigar shop and reception area.
"This does not look like any resort I've ever checked into," I told Albert Mertz, Amanera's general manager.
"It's not. It's serene, it's peaceful, it's understated elegance," Mertz said. "There's no blaring music here, just the sound of the waves. The views are everything. Our walkways are not manicured, and the landscaping when it fills in will be wild and lush."
He described Amanera as a game changer in the Dominican Republic, a place known primarily for its all-inclusive resorts.
Amanera is a room-only resort with rates that are currently in the $900 per night range for two guests.
"This resort will change the image of this country," Mertz said. "Amanera is bringing a sense of refinement and a new kind of tourism.
"It's for couples, families, nature lovers and golfers who want an unstructured luxury vacation off the beaten path."
The spacious casitas have special design touches with plenty of closet space.
My room was casita No. 22, one of 25 private contemporary units (13 have infinity pools) clustered throughout the resort, hidden from view from each other. The casitas can be reached via winding, crushed-shell walkways.
The unit was spacious, with teak doors dividing the living area from the bedroom and bath. The walk-in closet was the size of a small studio apartment in New York, with sliding glass doors opening onto wooden sundecks.
The unit was awash in special design touches, such as a flat-screen TV that could be raised for viewing or lowered so as not to obstruct the view from the floor-to-ceiling window.
I dined at Amanera's main restaurant for dinner, at the Beach Club for a casual lunch, ordered room service for breakfast of a Dominican egg souffle with mangu (mashed plantain) and cracked open a Presidente beer after a swim.
In between, I hiked, explored, took my first Pilates class, had a boat ride through the mangroves and enjoyed a family-style meal at a place called Babunuco, where the Dominican chef later showed me how to roll an Arturo Fuente cigar.
A perfecto trips.
This week, Gameological contributors wrote about some of their favorite games from the last 12 months. Today, the readers have their say. We chose a handful of your comments from the staff-pick threads and collected them here. Each one is listed with the commenter's name and the game in question. They're the Games You Liked—but you already knew that, obviously. (Comments have been edited for length and clarity.)
ANDREW RYAN'S CADDY
Asura's Wrath
Asura's Wrath is such wonderful, utter batshit. All you need to know is that at one point, one of the more calm and rational characters says, “If you won't listen to reason, I'll convince you with my fists!” And then it works.
CASPIANCOMIC
Katawa Shoujo
I liked Katawa Shoujo because it was a thousand times better than it had any right or reason to be. For those who haven't heard, Katawa Shoujo is a visual novel/dating simulation developed by 4chan-based Four Leaf Studios, in which the main character attends a special school for disabled students and can form a romantic relationship with one of five disabled girls. When I first heard the premise, I was in disbelief. Surely, fetishizing the disabled would be the most revolting thing [notorious internet forum] 4chan had ever done.
So imagine my surprise when I got a sincere, sympathetic portrayal of five girls and their relationship with a character struggling to understand his new relationship with his peers and his body. The writing in this game is stellar—as it would have to be, as a visual novel-type game. Most surprising of all, though, was the tenderness with which the subject matter was handled. The characters in the game struggle to adapt to their unusual circumstances—some make light of them, some act aloof, others are paralyzed with fear. Others are, for all intents and purposes, normal. It is the ultimate (and possibly only) way to respectfully handle such a bizarre subject matter.
I've got a chronic health condition myself, and I found myself a little humbled when a dating sim made by 4chan helped me unpack my own relationship with my health, and helped me cope with the fact that realistically speaking, I'll never really be “healthy” again—a fact I'd often tried to ignore in my day-to-day life.
CHRYSO42
Hotline Miami
Hotline Miami is the best game I've had the time and means to play this year, which is admittedly a pretty narrow category. I also have a huge boner for the movie Drive, so there's that grain of salt. Nevertheless, it is, at minimum, pretty great.
At its core, it is that rarest of beasts, a propulsive slash-'em-up that still has its brain turned on, and it's backed by a great soundtrack that complements both the hectic sense of calculating, murderous flow and the dissonant fever-dream that is unfolding onscreen.
Graphically, I haven't been totally on board with Cactus' work in the past, but in this case, artist and subject have found a match made in a dark, sweaty basement after an extended and increasingly paranoid binge of hard drugs and Nintendo games. There is, admittedly, almost no plot, but what there is of it supplies great big gobs of atmosphere.
It all works together: the cheerfully hideous color palette; the ogreish, floating faces; the jittery, bad-TV-tube haze; and the blood, oh, the blood.
To sum up, David Lynch gets Nicolas Refn knocked up on a demonic Ferris wheel, and leaves the spawn to be raised by Super Meat Boy and Grand Theft Auto. I liked it very much.
CLOKS
Frog Fractions
As a purely social experience, my favorite game of the year was Frog Fractions. It's hard to convince someone to play this game without spoiling it for anybody—“No, it's just some old educational game but you have to play it!”—but it's worth it to see their reactions when the game really starts going bonkers.
DESTROY HIM MY ROBOTS
Animal Crossing: New Leaf
In game design terms, Animal Crossing is farming and fetch quests—busywork. But it doesn't demand them now, and it doesn't demand them in order to keep playing. And it doesn't ask you to perform menial tasks for strangers you will never meet again. You do them for yourself and for your friends and neighbors. The only insistence at work here is that you care, which is easy enough thanks to its effortless charm.
Perhaps most important, however, is its refusal to simulate. Where other games push forward and end up knee-deep in an uncanny valley of simulated life, Animal Crossing lets the player's mind fill in the blanks. I don't pay my loans right away because of interest rates; I do so because I decided for myself that I want a fiscally conservative village that refrains from spending money it doesn't have. I don't throw most of my time and income at public works because it grants me bonuses; I do so because I believe it's noble to use private wealth for the betterment of the community. Silence can be an important part of musical composition. Animal Crossing: New Leaf knows that the absence of mechanics—as in ma, not mu—can be just as important to game design.
HASTAPURA
The Walking Dead
[Note: Plot details ahead.] The Walking Dead crushed me. I'm not to the point in my life where I can adequately deal with death, and some of those dialogue choices toward the end of the game were just so raw and bleak. I think the game speaks to a lot of primal fears and emotional truths, and complaining that choosing between Carly and Doug didn't yield a whole new game misses the point. It was your story to a point, but Lee and Clem's story to the end. Developer Telltale had a lot of stuff to work through with their story, and I'd rather have legitimate authorship and thematic weight than pandering to “player choice” and ego.
HOBBESMKII
Crusader Kings 2
Crusader Kings 2 keeps drawing me back in. In separate games I've made William Marshal king of England, ruled as a black German duke of Bavaria with the power to make and break emperors, and had the Ottomans gain the title of Caliph hundreds of years before they actually did. Tomorrow, I could try and have Biggus Dickus attempt to re-establish the Roman Empire. All while plotting to keep my imbecilic, feckless, vain, gluttonous first-born son from inheriting what should be rightfully his.
INTO THE NIGHT SKY
FTL: Faster Than Light
While not the most engaging story I've ever experienced, FTL was definitely one of the better games I played this year. It really shined by giving the player a chance to do their own problem-solving. Should I disable the enemy ship by beaming my crew on board and defeating the enemy in hand-to-hand combat, or by shutting down their oxygen systems with my shield-piercing missiles? Should I put out the fires in my ship's medical bay by opening the airlocks, or should I send in my repair drone and hope it can extinguish the fire before the facilities are destroyed? I enjoyed being able to play the game on my own terms.
The aesthetics also managed to give the game its own life, at least for the first 10 hours or so. The sense that you're exploring the very frontiers of space begins to evaporate after you've saved 10 different space stations from eerily similar problems. But most importantly, it let me live out my life's dream of being the captain on an interstellar spaceship. And you can't really beat that.
THE KING AND I ROBOT
Draw Something
My favorite Draw Something story: I accepted a random new player's drawing and started trying to guess it when I realized he was just spelling out the world “Pirate” on screen. This is a major disappointment of an opening bid and I don't want to be part of someone's slow-growth coin gathering enterprise. I write down pirate, select “Drapes” for my own assignment, and draw grapes.
An hour later, it's my turn again. I watch with glee as the guy tries again and again to spell grapes. Fortune has provided him with a random decoy G, and he is furious. He thinks he might be spelling it wrong! He even tries out “greaps.” He uses a bomb. It is glorious. Eventually he gives up and sees drapes, probably assuming I just make a mistake. He then sends over the written word “CarlyRae.” I fail it because that's more fun, and send over a drawing again. I don't remember what my word was, but I drew grapes.
This continued for two more turns, all over the course of a day. He writes out a word with no attempt to draw it. I fail miserably, only pausing long enough to try and spell dirty words with the tiles, then I draw grapes. Eventually, it's my turn again. His little note after my last drawing of grapes is “FU, stop drawing grapes.” I respond with a drawing of grapes and the message “Grapes is all I can draw.” He is quick to respond with “well just write out the word then thx.”
So I write out the word “Grapes.”
This seems to take him aback somewhat. The game is quiet, for at least 24 hours. I don't hear from him. Then eventually a new drawing is ready. His note is, “DO NOT DRAW OR WRITE GRAPES.” His turn begins. It's him writing out “fuck you” over and over again and then resetting the page. Then he spells out whatever word the actual challenge was. I sent back a blank screen. It had been previously established that grapes was all I could draw.
MERCENARY SECURITY NUMBER 4
Assassin's Creed III
Besides puzzle games, the only game from this current year that I'm playing is Assassin's Creed III, and that's because I got it cheap enough on sale that I can justify treating it as a colonial-era version of Google Street View. Ben Franklin can go find his own almanac pages. I'm busy making sure all the graveyards are historically accurate.
MERVE
Sleeping Dogs
I liked Sleeping Dogs because it took everything I loved about other open world games, refined it, and wrapped it in a fascinating tale of duty versus honor. Someone else described the game as “Grand Theft Auto with an editor.” It's an apt description; almost everything about the game contributes in some way to its Hong Kong action movie sensibility. I beat up thugs in back alleys. I shot out motorcycle tires while my Triad buddy drove the getaway car. I leaped off tall buildings in slow-motion. I action-hijacked vans on the highway, leaving my abandoned vehicle to spiral out of control and cause a mini pile-up. Later, when things slowed down, I roamed the city's streets, listening to the shouts of Cantonese that punctuated the constant honking of horns and whirring of car tires. I walked past an open-air market and could practically smell the fish dumplings. Oh, did I mention that the game is gorgeous? If you can, stand at the edge of a dock or harbor and watch the sun set over the sea. As U2 would say, it's even better than the real thing.
POCO GRANDES
Thomas Was Alone
I liked Thomas Was Alone because it made me care more about colored shapes than most games' fully-rendered characters. It respected a fundamental rule of all narrative: “Personality goes a long way,” as immortally spoken by Samuel L. Jackson in Pulp Fiction. Their color, their shape and size, the arc of their jump, the jump's sound effect—these relatively simple elements combined with the excellent narration to create a complete and compelling picture. The trials of these geometric adventurers were more real and affecting than watching Generic McWhiteGuy shoot through his millionth wave of enemies. Unlike most games, which are built on mechanics of violence (even innocent Mario has the nasty habits of crushing his enemies' skulls or burning them alive), this one is built on co-operation and friendship. Thomas Was Alone speaks to our empathy, not only making us care about simple pixels, but also convincing us that those pixels care about each other. It was a marvelous trick, and one of the very few games I'd recommend to my 14-year-old cousin or my Art History professor with equal enthusiasm.
SPACEMONKEY MAFIA
Gravity Rush
Being an exemplar of Paul Krugman's Nobel-winning economic model—You've Got A Kid In Daycare So Your Games Are All At Least A Year Old, there's not a whole bunch from 2012 I can really expound on. I did somewhat impulsively indulge in a Vita, which may prove foolish. Though any potential regret is blunted by being able to play Gravity Rush, one of the most interesting games from this year.
The combat can be a bit wan and repetitive, but the art direction, setting, music, tone and endlessly enjoyable flying mechanic are all arresting. It's one of the most unique new games to emerge this year and does a wonderful job of rebuffing any claims to the turgid state of Japanese game-making.
It has elements of Miyazaki, Moebius and Winsor McCay, and it successfully pulls them together into a cohesive world. Plus, the protagonist wears some sort of scant, yet baggy one-piece jumper that makes her look like a cross between Goldfrapp and a “Gee, Your Hair Smells Terrific” shampoo commercial.
WP HAM
Planetside 2
Earlier this year, I finally got a new desktop after three years of abusing a laptop not quite meant for gaming. One of the most thrilling uses of that horsepower was Planetside 2. I'd never played the original and had close to no expectations. I created a character and picked an area for “Instant Deployment.” As my pod fell through the atmosphere, I tried to recall what little first-person shooter fundamentals I had from playing the original Unreal Tournament. Thirty seconds later, I was dead with a huge grin on my face. That first session lasted six hours, frantically trying to get my bearings, killing and dying (mostly dying) in a three-faction meat grinder at a fortified location.
Planetside 2 manages to capture a sense of scale missing from just about every other online game. It can be brutally unforgiving, suitably lonely, and not fun at all if you don't have a group of friends or an organized outfit with which to play, but if you do have either or both of those, the experience is unmatched. And when I'm holding a position against seemingly insurmountable odds or capturing tactical points with fluency, there's a small part of my brain that remembers a dream I had after watching that original MacWorld trailer for Halo over a decade ago.
Some big news this morning from the front lines of the debate over how to regulate online piracy. Germany, which had said it would follow along with the rest of the European Union in support of ACTA, (Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement), has decided not sign the treaty, according to an Armenian news website citing government sources.
Much like the response to SOPA in the United States, online activists in Europe have been able to generate vigorous pushback through petitions and blackouts of certain sites. And while the movement against ACTA began on the internet, protests are being held in 60 Germany cities tomorrow.
While 22 out of 27 members of the EU have signed on to ACTA, many are now changing their tack in response to the public outcry. “I signed ACTA out of civic carelessness, because I did not pay enough attention,” said the Slovenian ambassador to Japan, Helena Drnovsek Zorko, who had signed. “Quite simply, I did not clearly connect the agreement I had been instructed to sign with the agreement that, according to my own civic conviction, limits and withholds the freedom of engagement on the largest and most significant network in human history, and thus limits particularly the future of our children.”
With or without Donald Trump, the path to conservatism's future runs through Colorado, says the leader of the national advocacy group FreedomWorks.
“I view Colorado as a state I'd like to make an investment in in the long run,” said president and CEO Adam Brandon, who will speak Friday at the opening luncheon at the Red State Gathering in Denver.
Unlike the similar Western Conservative Summit in Denver on July 1, Trump won't attend the annual gathering of well-known, deep-pocketed conservative activists in Denver this weekend.
Trump was dropped from last year's schedule in Atlanta over his controversial comments about Fox New's Megyn Kelly. Trump declined an invitation to this year's event, said organizers. Townhall Media, which puts on the gathering, hasn't taken an official position on Trump's candidacy.
“Considering what happened at the 2015 gathering, we're not surprised or upset that the campaign did not accept our invitation,” said Jonathan Garthwaite, vice president and general manager of Townhall Media. “The gathering did extend an invite through various arms of the campaign to invite Mr. Trump and Gov. (Mike) Pence — once he joined the ticket — to speak.
“We held the closing speaker slot Sunday open until the very last moment for just that hope. Since we did not have one of the Republican candidates for president (or) vice president, we decided to keep the focus of the gathering on fighting for conservative principles and candidates big and small — before, during and after elections.”
The Colorado spotlight will be on U.S. Senate candidate Darryl Glenn, the Republican nominee who conservatives hope can unseat Democratic Sen. Michael Bennet. A Trump supporter, Glenn is expected to speak Friday afternoon.
Other speakers on the schedule include former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations John Bolton, radio personality Glenn Beck, former presidential candidate Carly Fiorina, Colorado U.S. Sen. Cory Gardner and U.S. Rep. Ken Buck of Greeley.
Brandon said Thursday morning that he sees Glenn as a strong addition to the Freedom Caucus, Congress' most conservative members, which includes Buck. Freedomworks was one of the original supporters of the Tea Party movement in 2009 and 2010.
Brandon said FreedomWorks supported Glenn in the primaries and plans to back him again in the general election.
“When I look around at the Senate races in this cycle, he's the one I got the most excited about,” Brandon said.
He said even if Glenn doesn't win, he has a bright political future beyond November, comparing the El Paso County commissioner to Matt Bevin. After FreedomWorks backed Bevin's unsuccessful primary challenge against incumbent Republican Sen. Mitch McConnell in 2014, Bevin bounced back to win the Kentucky governor's race in 2015.
“I envision Glenn as potentially a national leader,” Brandon said.
The Glenn campaign did not respond to a request for comment about the Red State Gathering.
As far as Trump and conservatives, the nominee is a mixed bag, said Brandon, who likes Trump's stand on tax reform but said he is frightened by the GOP nominee's spending proposals.
FreedomWorks has not endorsed Trump.
“I don't think there's anything FreedomWorks can do to help or hurt Donald Trump,” Brandon said. “He's on his own. He's going to win this race on his own, or he's going to lose this race on his own.”
One of San Francisco's most widely recognized companies, the clothing outfit Levi Strauss & Co., will pay $220 million over the next two decades to put its name on the San Francisco 49ers' new stadium in Santa Clara.
The naming rights agreement — which will help the Niners pay for their $1.2 billion stadium, scheduled to open for the 2014 season — was announced Wednesday in a statement by team and company execs.
The 68,500-seat venue will be called Levi's Stadium.
“Levi's Stadium will connect two iconic Bay Area brands that share similar values, a rich heritage and a pioneering spirit,'' said Chip Bergh, CEO of Levi Strauss.
Bergh called the deal a “chance for us to engage with sports and music fans across the Bay Area and around the world.”
Team CEO Jed York noted that 49ers — as in the mining kind — have “worn Levi jeans since the Gold Rush era.'' He called the company “the perfect partner.''
San Francisco Mayor Ed Lee also weighed in, saying, “It is very fitting to see two of the Bay Area's best-known brands coming together to showcase the best our region has to offer.''
The announcement comes as the Bay Area Super Bowl Committee formally submits its bid to host the Super Bowl, either in 2016 or 2017, at the new Santa Clara stadium.
The naming rights deal is the last of four major pieces needed to finance the stadium — with luxury boxes, seat licenses and other corporate sponsorships helping to cover the tab.
The selection of an old-line San Francisco apparel brand over a Silicon Valley company is a bit of a surprise, given the emphasis the team has placed on making its new stadium state-of-the-art.
The deal is considerably less than the $330 million that the Niners were hoping to snag from a naming rights deal just a few months back. It's also well below the $450 million that Met Life paid in 2011 to put its name on the new home of the New York Giants and Jets in New Jersey for 25 years.
On the other hand, Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones, who opened Cowboys Stadium in 2009, is still holding out for bigger moniker money than he's been offered so far.
And as long as we're making comparisons, it's worth noting that the San Francisco Giants are locked into a $50 million, 24-year contract with AT&T for their waterfront ballpark.
As for Levi's, it had been rumored to be interested in the 49ers naming rights deal for a couple of months. As Chronicle business columnist Andrew S. Ross noted in March, the company can probably afford it — having posted $4.6 billion in revenue in 2012.
Follow @matierandross1
There are certain toxic foods that you should not feed your ferret under any occasion. Some new owners don't even know what to feed their ferret and they feed the food that is high in fiber and carbohydrates. It can be very dangerous for the ferret. Because some of them are the toxic food for ferrets. So to solve this problem, we create a list of 9 food that you should avoid feeding your ferret to save them from dangerous situations and help them to stay happy and healthy.
List of Foods Not to Feed Your Ferret
1. Fruits and Vegetables
Since ferret are carnivores so their digestive system can't digest any fruit or vegetable. Because in fruits xylitol is found that is very dangerous for their health as well as it contains carbohydrates. Fruit like grapes can cause kidney failure and vegetable like Onions can cause hemolytic anemia, potentially fatal, while garlic can cause ferret kidneys to shut down.
2. Xylitol
Xylitol is a sugar alcohol used as a sweetener. It is the deadly sweetener capable of killing your pet. Even small amounts can cause low blood sugar, seizures, liver failure, even death for your ferret. Xylitol found in gum, candies, baked goods, and other sugar-substituted items, So keep away your ferret from these items to save their lives.
3. Dairy Based Food
Dairy foods are the big no-no for ferrets because of high in complex carbohydrates, Dairy food works like a poison for ferrets so you should avoid all dairy food like milk, yogurt, cheese, ice cream or any other type of dairy-based food. This dairy food not only causes the intestinal upset but also can cause cancer.
4. Dog Food
Dogs are omnivorous that mean they can eat plant and animal. So dogs have different dietary requirements. Many dog foods are high in plant protein and that contain grains and pea. But as you know ferrets are strict carnivores so they can eat only animal meat thats why dog food can't be digested by ferrets and that can cause some serious problems. So avoid feeding your ferret with dog food.
5. SUGAR
Sugar is the biggest enemy of the ferret. you have to avoid sugar as much as you can because sugar is very high in carbohydrates that can be very dangerous for a ferret. So avoid sugary food like honey, cereal, and syrup. It can cause producing too much insulin followed by a drop in insulin production leading to hypoglycemia.
6. GRAINS
Don't feed your ferret with any product that made from grains, because of grains like wheat, corn, oats, and rice contains too many carbohydrates. if you feed a large quantity of grain that will be indigestible, so it can cause the intestinal problem like bloating and it can also lead to diseases of the pancreas.
7. COOKED BONES
Yes, you can feed small bones but make sure that the bones are not cooked. Because cooked bones are dry out and splinter, which can cause damage their digestive system. And Cooked bones are hard to digest for them so always avoid cooked bones.
8. Chocolate and Candy
Most of the owner don't realize that chocolate or candy can be toxic for the ferret. Because it contains theobromine which can excite the heart and causes abnormal heart rhythms. It also contains sugar that we already discuss that sugar is harmful to ferret. So keep all chocolate and candy out of reach.
9. Peas
There is the big no-no for pea because it causes bladder stones and kidney failure. The peas cause the PH in the urine to rise, which causes the bladder stones. So always be careful when you select any product because in the market there is some ferret food that contains pea.
Also Read: Best Ferret Food that Enhances Your Ferret's Life and if you want to get rid of ferret smell then check this 6 Simple Steps to Reduce Ferret Smell.
MIT project teaches music with responsive animated characters walking along a piano
MIT project teaches music with responsive animated characters walking along a piano
image courtesy of MIT tangible media lab
ph.d candidate xiao xiao and professor hiroshi ishii at MIT's tangible media lab offer an alternative approach to learn music correctly according to an interactive score called ‘andante'. the team believes that the system would help cultivate high levels of musicianship beyond correctness alone for students of all levels. drawing from their own personal experiences of learning to play the piano, they identified three skills central to musicianship – listening, embodied understanding and creative imagination. it uses a reflective keyboard cover with a projection surface for all the animations, to offer a better understanding of music rooted in the body.
video courtesy of tangible media group
during lessons ‘andante' helps students internalize rhythms before learning specific notes on the piano differentiating when the character walks and runs. the project by xiao xiao and hiroshi ishii presented this project to showcase alternative view of music learning by connecting the dots between the process of music learning to broader domains for design, relating ideas from music learning to existing theories of embodiment and cognition and apply their framework to the learning of other skills beyond music.
video courtesy of tangible media group
In computer security, a NOP slide, NOP sled or NOP ramp is a sequence of NOP (no-operation) instructions meant to "slide" the CPU's instruction execution flow to its final, desired destination whenever the program branches to a memory address anywhere on the slide.
The technique sees common usage in software exploits, where it is used to direct program execution when a branch instruction target is not known precisely. Other notable applications include defensive programming strategies such as EMC-aware programming.
While a NOP slide will function if it consists of a list of canonical NOP instructions, the presence of such code is suspicious and easy to automatically detect. For this reason, practical NOP slides are often composed of non-canonical NOP instructions (such as moving a register to itself or adding zero[1]), or of instructions that affect program state only inconsequentially, which makes them much more difficult to identify.
The entropy of a NOP slide is dependent upon the constraints placed on it. If it can be determined that certain registers are not in use (that is to say, they will be set to a known value before their next use), instructions which manipulate them arbitrarily may be used in the NOP slide. Additionally, if the alignment of both the NOP slide and the instruction pointer are deterministic, multi-byte instructions can be used in a NOP slide without regard to the results of unaligned execution. If the input providing the attack vector into which the NOP slide and payload are to be introduced are filtered (such as accepting only printable characters), the field of possible instructions for inclusion is limited. While instructions that are part of an architecture extension (such as SSE) may frequently be irrelevant to program state, they cannot be used in a NOP slide targeting a computer on which the extension is not supported.
Detection [ edit ]
Many techniques exist to detect the presence of NOP slides in memory. For example, in 2005, Greek researchers found that they can be easily detected by checking whether a memory image contains a lengthy sequence of bytes such that each starting offset within the sequence is valid and leads execution to the same place.[2]
See also [ edit ]
Heap spraying, a technique which is complementary to the use of NOP slides
While the White House mulls striking up a joint cyber program with Russia, an unlikely vigilante is taking care of business. As the Daily Beast reports, Microsoft has been waging a quiet war against the hacking entity known as Fancy Bear, which is believed to be associated with the GRU, Russia's covert military intelligence agency.
The Daily Beast details how, in 2016, Microsoft's legal team sued Fancy Bear (also known by many other aliases) for reserving domain names that violated Microsoft trademarks. Apparently, in the course of claiming generic domains for its operations, Fancy Bear often selected domains that riff off of Microsoft products and services, inadvertently opening the door to the lawsuit.
While you can't exactly drag an amorphous, faceless hacking group into court, the lawsuit served one key purpose: it hijacked some of Fancy Bear's servers. In the last year, Microsoft has taken over at least 70 different Fancy Bear domains, many of which served as “command-and-control” points so the hackers could communicate with the malware they installed on targeted computers.
When a domain flips over into Microsoft's hands, the company can use it to observe and map Fancy Bear's server network, which communicates with the Microsoft domains. The result is that the company can indirectly disrupt and observe aspects of a suspected foreign intelligence operation — a pretty clever trick for a tech company to pull off in its spare time.
[Update: git-remote-hg being a moving target, these instructions are now outdated. Please now refer to this new article on the git-cinnabar wiki that will be updated with fresh instructions.]
If you've been following this blog, you know I've been working on a new tool to allow using git with mercurial repositories. See the previous blog posts for some detail if you don't know what I'm talking about.
Today, a new milestone has been reached. After performing tens of thousands of pushes[1] and having had no server corruption as a result, I am now confident enough with the code to remove the limitation preventing to push to remote mercurial servers (by an interesting coincidence, it's exactly the hundredth commit). Those tens of thousands of pushes allowed to find and fix a few corner-cases, but they were only affecting the client side.
So here is my recommended setup for Gecko development with git:
Install mercurial (only needed for its libraries). You probably already have it installed. Eventually, this dependency will go away, because the use of mercurial libraries is pretty limited.
If you can, rebuild git with this patch applied: https://github.com/git/git/commit/61e704e38a4c3e181403a766c5cf28814e4102e4. It is not yet in a released version of git, but it will make small fetches and pushes much faster Update: The patch is in git version 2.2.2 and newer.
The patch is in git version 2.2.2 and newer. Install this git-remote-hg. Just clone it somewhere, and put that directory in your PATH .
. Create a git repository for Mozilla code: $ git init gecko $ cd gecko
Set fetch.prune for git-remote-hg to be happier: $ git config fetch.prune true
for git-remote-hg to be happier: Set push.default to “upstream”, which I think allows a better workflow to use topic branches and push them more easily: $ git config push.default upstream
to “upstream”, which I think allows a better workflow to use topic branches and push them more easily: Add remotes for the mercurial repositories you pull from: $ git remote add central hg::http://hg.mozilla.org/mozilla-central -t tip $ git remote add inbound hg::http://hg.mozilla.org/integration/mozilla-inbound -t tip $ git remote set-url --push inbound hg::ssh://hg.mozilla.org/integration/mozilla-inbound (...) -t tip is there to reduce the amount of churn from the old branches on these repositories. Please be very cautious if you use this on beta, release or esr repositories, because their tip can switch mercurial branches, and can be very confusing. I'm sure I'm not alone having pushed something on a release branch, when actually intending to push on the default branch, and that was with mercurial… Mercurial branches and their multiple heads are confusing, and git-remote-hg, while it supports them, probably makes the confusion worse at the moment. I'm still investigating how to make things better. For Mozilla integration branches, though, it works fine because their tip doesn't switch heads.
is there to reduce the amount of churn from the old branches on these repositories. Please be very cautious if you use this on beta, release or esr repositories, because their tip can switch mercurial branches, and can be very confusing. I'm sure I'm not alone having pushed something on a release branch, when actually intending to push on the default branch, and that was with mercurial… Mercurial branches and their multiple heads are confusing, and git-remote-hg, while it supports them, probably makes the confusion worse at the moment. I'm still investigating how to make things better. For Mozilla integration branches, though, it works fine because their tip doesn't switch heads. Setup a remote for the try server: $ git remote add try hg::http://hg.mozilla.org/try $ git config remote.try.skipDefaultUpdate true $ git remote set-url --push try hg::ssh://hg.mozilla.org/try $ git config remote.try.push +HEAD:refs/heads/tip
Update all the remotes: $ git remote update This essentially does git fetch on all remotes, except try.
With this setup, you can e.g. create new topic branches based on the remote branches:
$ git checkout -b bugxxxxxxx inbound/tip
When you're ready to test your code on try, create a commit with the try syntax, then just do:
$ git push try
This will push whatever your checked-out branch is, to the try server (thanks to the refspec in remote.try.push ).
When you're ready to push to an integration branch, remove any try commit. Assuming you were using the topic branch from above, and did set push.default to “upstream”, push with:
$ git checkout topic-branch $ git pull --rebase $ git push
But, this is only one possibility. You're essentially free to pick your own preferred workflow. Just keep in mind that we generally prefer linear history on integration branches, so prefer rebase to merge (and, git-remote-hg doesn't support pushing merges yet). I'd recommend setting the pull.ff configuration to “only”, by the way.
Please note that rebasing something you pushed to e.g. try will leave dangling mercurial metadata in your git clone. git hgdebug fsck will tell you about them, but won't do anything about them, at least currently. Eventually, there will be a git-gc -like command. [Update: actually, rebasing won't leave dangling mercurial metadata because pushing creates head references in the metadata. There will be a command to clean that up, though.]
Please report any issue you encounter in the comments, or, if they are git-remote-hg related, on github.
1. In case you wonder what kind of heavy testing I did, this is roughly how it went:
Add support to push a root changeset (one with no parent).
Clone the mercurial repository and the mozilla-central repository with git-remote-hg.
Since pushing merges is not supported yet, flatten the history with git filter-branch --parent-filter "awk '{print \$1,\$2}'" HEAD , effectively replacing merges with “simple” commits with the entire merged content as a single patch (by the way, I should have written a fast-import script instead, it took almost a day (24 hours) to apply it to the mozilla-central clone ; filter-branch is a not-so-smart shell script, it doesn't scale well).
, effectively replacing merges with “simple” commits with the entire merged content as a single patch (by the way, I should have written a script instead, it took almost a day (24 hours) to apply it to the mozilla-central clone ; filter-branch is a not-so-smart shell script, it doesn't scale well). Reclone those filtered clones, such that no git-remote-hg metadata is left.
Tag all the commits with numbered tags, starting from 0 for the root commit, with the following command: git rev-list --reverse HEAD | awk '{print "reset refs/tags/HEAD-" NR - 1; print "from", $1}' | git fast-import
Create empty local mercurial repositories and push random tags with increasing number, with variations of the following command: python -c 'import random; print "
".join(str(i) for i in sorted(random.sample(xrange(n), m)) + [n])' | while read i; do git push -f hg-remote HEAD-$i || break; done [ Note: push -f is only really necessary for the push of the root commit ]
[ Note: is only really necessary for the push of the root commit ] Repeat and rinse, with different values of n, m and hg-remote.
Also arrange the above test to push to multiple mercurial repositories, such that pushes are performed with both commits that have already been pushed and commits that haven't. (i.e. push A to repo-X, push B to repo-Y (which doesn't have A), push C to repo-X (which doesn't have B), etc.)
Check that all attempts create the same mercurial changesets.
Check that recloning those mercurial repositories creates the same git commits.
p.m.o
You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site.
AirTV, announced today it is now installing OTA antennas for consumers in all of the lower 48 states through AirTV Pro Install. You may remember they launched this service 48 markets at the beginning of January but now is offering it in the lower 48. All you need to do is call 1-888-364-6055.
“We can help consumers figure out what kind of digital antenna will work best for them, and set it up at their home as early as the next day,” said Mitch Weinraub, director of product development for AirTV. “Based on a customer's location, we can tell the customer over the phone whether an indoor or outdoor antenna will work best. A nationwide network of licensed and insured technicians will bring the antenna, the tools and the know-how.”
Standard one-room antenna installation, including the antenna, is available starting at $99.99 for an indoor antenna or $149.99 for an outdoor antenna. You can even get the antenna installed the next-day in many cases. Broadcast station availability is dependent on geographic location, topography, and antenna specifications. Checkout AntennaRecommendations.com to see what you can get with a indoor vs a outdoor antenna.
More information on AirTV Pro Install is available by calling 1-888-364-6055.
AirTV Pro Install service utilizes Winegard FlatWave Amped indoor antennas and Televes DigiNova BOSS outdoor antennas.
Please follow us on Facebook and Twitter for more news, tips, and reviews.
Need cord cutting tech support? Join our new Cord Cutting Tech Support Facebook Group for help.
Krita 2.9.5.1 and Bug Week!
Published 6/19/2015
It's been a while since we made a new build of Krita… So, here's Krita 2.9.5.1! In all the hectics surrounding the Kickstarter campaign, we worked our tails off to add new features, improvements and fixes, and that caused considerable churn in the code. And that, in turn, meant that the 2.9.5.0 was a bit, well, dot zero! So here's a 2.9.5.1 with the following improvements:
Features
Implemented a composite RGB curve for Curves filter
Adding a Fish Eye Vanishing Point assistant.
Added concentric ellipse assistant.
Have the Settings dialog's default button only set the defaults for the currently selected settings page.
Added memory configuration options, including the location of the temporary scratch files
Add a profiler option: https://userbase.kde.org/Krita/Manual/Preferences/Performance
Create a copy of a currently open image (wish 348256)
Add a one way pressure sensor(in the sensors) (wish 344753 )
Show memory consumption in the statusbar
Fixed Bugs
Only set the resolution using tiff tags if they exist, this caused issues with Krita saving JPEG files to .kra.
BUG:349078 Fix trimming an image under Filter Layers
BUG:324505,294122 Fix Adjustment layers composition
Bug 349185 Fix explicitly showing the cursor when the Stabilizer is active
Fix showing a floating message when switching MDI subwindows
BUG:348533 Fixed a bug when the tools became disabled after new document creation
BUG:331708,349108 Fix a crash when redoing actions
BUG:348737 Fix copy/pasto: fade isn't speed
BUG:345762 Mirror View now correctly remembers which subwindow is mirrored.
BUG:349058 Fixed bug where rulers were only visible on the canvas that was active when the option was first toggled. Fixed similar bugs with Mirror View and Wrap Around Mode.
BUG:331708 Fix a crash when trying to redo after canceling a stroke
Fixes an issue where some config files may not be picked up by the config system.
BUG:299555 Change cursor to “forbidden” when active layer is locked or can't be edited with the active tool.
BUG:345564 Don't warn about image file being invalid after user cancels “Background Image (overrides color)” dialog while configuring Krita
BUG: 348886:Don't scroll up the list while adding or removing resources to the bundle
fix default presets for bristle engine, restoring scale value to 1
fixed a small bug in wdglayerproperties.ui that made the color profile not show up properly in the layer properties dialog. Patch by Amadiro, thanks!
BUG: 348507 Fix issue with import PDF dialog resolution
BUG:347004 Filter preview button difficult to see state
BUG:345754 Fixes perspective assistant lockup
Remember current meta-data author.
BUG:348726 Be more careful when ‘smart' merging metadata
BUG:348652 Correctly initialize the temporary swap file
Fix loading PSD files saved in OpenCanvas
Downloads
Linux: Distributions are expected to create packages for their bleeding edge repositories. Ubuntu and derivatives can use Krita Lime, as usual: https://launchpad.net/~dimula73/+archive/ubuntu/krita. OpenSUSE users can the KDE:Extra repo: http://download.opensuse.org/repositories/KDE:/Extra/ or Leinir's OBS repositories which have Krita built with support for Vc (which makes painting faster): http://download.opensuse.org/repositories/home:/leinir:/calligragemini/openSUSE_13.1/ http://download.opensuse.org/repositories/home:/leinir:/calligragemini/openSUSE_13.2/ http://download.opensuse.org/repositories/home:/leinir:/calligragemini/openSUSE_Factory/
Windows and OSX The download page has been updated, so check out the new builds.
Bugs…
Now, that's not to say that 2.9.5.1 is perfect… And the increased interest in Krita has also led to an increase in reported bugs! We've got about 315 open bugs now, which is a record!
In fact, we need help. We need help with what's called bug triage: checking which bugs are actually duplicates of each other and which bugs are actually reproducible and which bugs are more like wishes than bugs.
And then we need to do something about the bugs that are proper, valid and reproducible! So, we propose to have our first 2015 bug weekend. We'd like to invite everyone to install Krita 2.9.5.1 and go through some bugs in the bug list and help us triage!
Here's the list of bugs that need urgent triaging:
Unconfirmed, reopened, need-info Krita Bugs
Let's get this list to zero!
And of course, there are also bugs that are already confirmed, but might have duplicated in the list above:
Confirmed Krita Bugs
We're not looking for new bugs — but if you find one, take a moment to read Dmitry's guide on bug reporting.
Here's the Bug Hunter Howto, too. Join us this weekend and help us get the bug count down and the bug list manageable! In the coming two weeks, the developers will be busy fixing bugs so we can have a really stable base for all the kickstarter work!
OSLO/STOCKHOLM (Reuters) - Fears of Russia re-asserting its Cold War dominance in the Baltic Sea are forcing countries there to re-think their defenses, prioritizing military spending at home and reducing participation in far-flung U.N. or U.S.-led missions.
A Latvian army T-55 tank is parked in a military base in Adazi September 30, 2014. REUTERS/Ints Kalnins
Sweden's fruitless search for a submarine — dubbed by locals “The Hunt for Reds in October” — and Russian violations of airspace are seen as elements of what one defense minister called a ‘hybrid warfare', where fear and propaganda are deployed to keep countries on their toes.
“It is a new normal,” Anna Wieslander, deputy director of the Swedish Institute of International Affairs, said of Russia's greater military activity. “The readiness to respond to suspected territorial violations needs to be increased.”
Most countries on Russia's northwestern flank are planning higher military spending, reversing sharp falls of recent years, after the crisis in Ukraine revived Cold War tensions and exposed aging equipment.
The Baltic states, for instance, have just one working tank — a 1955 Soviet-era T-55 in Riga. Sweden's week-long search for a submarine was hampered by the sale or retirement of anti-submarine helicopters in 2008.
In the Cold War, Nordic nations were on a front line facing the Soviet Union across the Baltic. But the “peace dividend” reaped since then has meant less military spending. Sweden's defense budget, for example, shrank from 3 percent of gross domestic product in 1980 to 1.2 percent last year.
“Russia sees that ... this is a Monty Python type of defense,” said Jonathan Eyal, international director of the Royal United Services Institute think-tank in London.
Estonia has reported six breaches of airspace by Russian aircraft this year, up from two in all of 2013. Latvia says it has sighted more than 40 Russian military vessels near its waters this year, usually a rarity.
“Defensive tasks closer to home must take a higher priority if Russian adventurism is to be deterred,” said Keir Giles, a military expert at the Chatham House think-tank in Britain.
TURNING INWARDS
Shoring up domestic defenses is leaving fewer resources for foreign missions.
Norwegian Prime Minister Erna Solberg said Oslo would not match Denmark in sending F-16 fighter planes to help the United States fight Islamic State militants in Iraq.
“My impression is that all our NATO friends believe our key role now is actually to ensure good surveillance in the north,” Solberg told Norway's TV2 this month.
Swedish Foreign Minister Margot Wallstrom said her new center-left government would be less enthusiastic about working with NATO. Sweden and Finland are outside NATO while Denmark, Norway, Iceland, Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia are members.
“I think we have to do both,” Wallstrom told reporters on Friday of local and foreign priorities.
“I am interested in using Sweden's good name in contributing to U.N. troops and U.N. missions” such as in Mal, she said, but stressed: “Of course we don't have unlimited resources.”
In 2010, Lithuanian President Dalia Grybauskaite rejected higher military spending, arguing that pensions and wages were a priority. She changed her tune after Russia's annexation of the Black Sea peninsula of Crimea from Ukraine in March and Russian exercises off the Baltic enclave of Kaliningrad.
“Life always gives many corrections, including to political decisions,” she said.
PUTIN TESTS NATO
Russian President Vladimir Putin may see the small Nordic and Baltic nations as a testing ground for the unity of the U.S.-led NATO alliance - NATO members are obliged to treat an attack on any member as an attack on all.
The Baltic states, which regained independence from Moscow in 1991, are acutely aware of vulnerability. Like Ukraine, they rely on Russian energy and have sizeable Russian minorities.
Lithuania hopes to meet an informal NATO goal of 2 percent of GDP on defense in 2017, up from 0.9 percent in 2014. Latvia aims to meet the goal by 2020, also up from 0.9 pct in 2014.
Estonia, the only Nordic or Baltic nation to meet the NATO goal, plans to raise spending fractionally to 2.05 percent of GDP in 2015.
Finland is considering raising defense spending, projected at 1.3 percent of GDP in 2015.
“We have squeezed every possible thing out and in the long term, that will not be enough to sustain a credible defense,” Finnish Defense Minister Carl Haglund said at the weekend.
Some say the Russian threat should not be exaggerated.
“I cannot imagine that Russia would dare to disturb the Baltic countries or Poland or any NATO member,” Danish Foreign Minister Martin Lindegaard told Reuters, saying Moscow was waging a ‘hybrid warfare'.
A Latvian army T-55 tank is parked in a military base in Adazi September 30, 2014. REUTERS/Ints Kalnins
“You have massive propaganda, provocations, stimulation of groups inside other countries, which is not warfare but which is something very hostile and close to warfare,” he said.
Sverre Diesen, head of Norway's armed forces from 2005-09, said the region had to forget hopes of a benign, democratic neighbor and accept that Russia “will remain a great power but with an autocratic regime of one kind or another”.
The Russians, he said: “will always try to push their ... area of interest forward as a matter of geopolitical instinct, without necessarily harboring plans for immediate and bare-faced aggression.”
ASSOCIATED PRESS Donald Trump tweeted Tuesday that he wouldn't be visiting the New York Times.
NEW YORK ― President-elect Donald Trump canceled a meeting with The New York Times on Tuesday because it changed the terms “at the last minute,” a claim the paper disputed.
But Trump reversed course a few hours later and is heading to the Times, according to his spokeswoman. And it appears the Times, which rejected a request for the entire visit to be off the record, has gotten its way.
Trump's early morning Twitter tirade, followed by an abrupt change of plans, is emblematic of his tumultuous relationship with the news media. The president-elect has craved the attention of the press, and perhaps its approval, over the past 18 months, while also demonstrating more hostility to journalists than any previous presidential candidate.
Trump was scheduled to meet off-the-record with Times publisher Arthur Sulzberger Jr. and a few other key representatives of the paper before participating in an on-the-record session with the reporters and editorial columnists, a Times spokeswoman told The Huffington Post on Monday.
But Trump claimed early Tuesday that the “failing” paper changed the ground rules, prompting him to back out.
I cancelled today's meeting with the failing @nytimes when the terms and conditions of the meeting were changed at the last moment. Not nice — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 22, 2016
A Times spokeswoman told HuffPost on Tuesday that the paper did not change the conditions, but that Trump's team had requested the visit only be off-the-record.
“We were unaware that the meeting was cancelled until we saw the President Elect's tweet this morning,” said Times spokeswoman Eileen Murphy. “We did not change the ground rules at all and made no attempt to.”
“They tried to yesterday ― asking for only a private meeting and no on-the-record segment, which we refused to agree to,” she continued. “In the end, we concluded with them that we would go back to the original plan of a small off the record session and a larger on the record session with reporters and columnists.”
The meeting was considered off until Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks
told reporters at Trump Tower that it was back on. The ground rules appear to be the same as previously agreed upon.
“Mr. Trump's staff has told us that the President Elect's meeting with The Times is on again,” Murphy said in a second statement. “He will meet with our publisher off-the-record and that session will be followed by an on-the-record meeting with our journalists and editorial columnists.”
Trump met Monday with top network executives and anchors who agreed to off-the-record ground rules that have since prevented them from discussing the newsworthy meeting, even as explosive details leaked. The president-elect is said to have vented about how networks have covered him. He even personally criticized some executives present, such as CNN chief Jeff Zucker, sources said.
Presidents meet privately at times with both network anchors and executives, but rarely do these off-the-record talks occur together. The decision to allow Trump to speak only off-the-record Monday has drawn criticism because has not held a press conference since July and has already limited access expected of him.
Trump tweeted Tuesday morning that another meeting with the Times could take place in the future, but he added the paper had been covering him “inaccurately and with a nasty tone!”
Though Trump routinely attacks the Times, even threatening to sue during several points of his presidential campaign, he also seems to really care how the paper portrays him.
The Times has closely been covering Trump's foreign business dealings as he become president-elect, including a Monday story detailing how Trump urged a British politician he met with after winning the election to oppose wind farms that could affect the views on his Scottish golf course.
Joseph and Mary Romero of Chimayo, N.M., found that their mortgage note was assigned to the Bank of New York three months after the same bank filed a foreclosure complaint against them; in other words, Bank of New York didn't own the loan when they tried to foreclose on it.
Glenn and Ann Holden of Akron, Ohio, faced foreclosure from Deutsche Bank, but the company filed two different versions of the note at court, each bearing a stamp affirming it as the “true and accurate copy.”
Advertisement:
Mary McCulley of Bozeman, Mont., had her loan changed by U.S. Bank without her knowledge, from a $300,000 30-year loan to a $200,000 loan due in 18 months, and in documents submitted to the court, U.S. Bank included four separate loan applications with different terms.
All of these examples, from actual court cases resolved over the last two months, rendered rare judgments in favor of homeowners over banks and mortgage lenders. But despite the fact that the nation's courtrooms remain active crime scenes, with backdated, forged and fabricated documents still sloshing around them, state and federal regulators have not filed new charges of misconduct against Bank of New York, Deutsche Bank, U.S. Bank or any other mortgage industry participant, since the round of national settlements over foreclosure fraud effectively closed the issue.
Many focus on how the failure to prosecute financial crimes, by Attorney General Eric Holder and colleagues, create a lack of deterrents for the perpetrators, who will surely sin again. But there's something else that happens when these crimes go unpunished; the root problem, the legacy of fraud, never gets fixed. In this instance, the underlying ownership on potentially millions of loans has been permanently confused, and the resulting disarray will cause chaos for decades into the future, harming homeowners, investors and the broader economy. Holder's corrupt bargain, to let Wall Street walk, comes at the cost of permanent damage to the largest market in the world, the U.S. residential housing market.
By now we know the details: During the run-up to the housing bubble, banks bought up millions of mortgages, packaged them into securities and sold them around the world. Amid the frenzy, lenders failed to follow basic property laws, which ensure legitimate transfers of mortgages from one legal owner to another. When mass foreclosures resulted from the bubble's collapse, banks who could not demonstrate they owned the loans got caught trying to cover up the irregularities with false documents. Federal authorities made the offenders pay fines, much of which banks paid with other people's money. But the settlements put a Band-Aid over the misconduct. Nobody went in, loan by loan, to try to equitably confirm who owns what.
Now, the lid banks and the government tried to place on the situation has begun to boil over. For example, Bank of America really wants to exit the mortgage servicing business, because it now finds it unprofitable. The bank entered into a deal to sell off all the servicing for loans backed by the Government National Mortgage Association (often known as Ginnie Mae). But Ginnie Mae refused the sale, because the loans Bank of America serviced are missing critical documents, including the recorded mortgages themselves.
If you're a mortgage servicer, and you don't possess the recorded mortgage, you probably aren't able to foreclose on that loan without fabricating the document. And Ginnie Mae made it clear that the problem could go beyond Bank of America. “I don't mean to sound like we're picking on BofA,” Ginnie Mae president Ted Tozer told trade publication National Mortgage News. “I can't say if it's just BofA or not.” Incredibly, this would represent the first time a government agency has actually examined loan files under its control to search for missing documents, seven years after the collapse of the housing bubble and four years after the recognition of mass document fabrication.
Advertisement:
Any effort to fix the system would start by reforming MERS, the electronic database banks use to track mortgage trades (and avoid fees they would incur from county clerks with every transfer). MERS was part of a broad settlement in 2011 with federal regulators, and they promised to improve the quality control over their database to avoid errors and fraudulent assignments. Three years later, the fixes haven't happened, and four senior officers brought in to comply with the settlement have left. MERS then tried to hire a consultant to manage the settlement terms whom U.S. regulators found unqualified for the job.
The database still tracks roughly half of all U.S. home loans, and banks fear that without changes, they might have to – horrors – actually go back to recording mortgages individually with the county clerks! You know, the property law system that the nation somehow survived under for more than 200 years.
The court cases in Ohio, Montana and New Mexico illustrate that the condition of mortgage documentation remains completely broken. Consistent records from the housing bubble era do not exist, and because the settlements merely tried to make the problem go away, we don't know precisely how bad a situation we're dealing with. We do know it will crop up over and over again, with costs for the whole society.
The case of the Holdens in Ohio is a good example. They took out their mortgage in 2005, and it went into the MERS database, with Deutsche Bank eventually buying the loan for a mortgage-backed security. Deutsche Bank attempted a foreclosure on the Holdens in 2011, filing what they called the original promissory note from the mortgage lender, and the various assignments that transferred the loan into their possession. But separately, Deutsche Bank submitted an affidavit with a second promissory note, which had different qualities than the one in the initial filing. Both notes had stamps indicating they were the “true and accurate copy.” This is obviously impossible. The 9th Judicial Court of Appeals in Ohio not only said this discrepancy raised the question of whether Deutsche Bank had possession of the note when they filed foreclosure, but cited numerous other examples of the same issue in separate court cases throughout Ohio. The court overturned the summary judgment for foreclosure on the Holdens' home.
Advertisement:
The Holdens were lucky; they found a clear case of fabricated documents, and a sympathetic court to hear them out. More commonly, homeowners in trouble on their mortgages don't have the money to pursue justice against large financial institutions with limitless funds. If the banks lose a few cases, that's an acceptable loss compared to the thousands they win uncontested. Moreover, many homeowners I talked to don't want to go public, even when they win cases in court, because ultimately, they still have to negotiate with their servicers for an affordable resolution.
“Who cares, these people didn't pay their mortgages,” respond many – even judges – to this chaos. But anyone with an interest in these loans can be affected by a flawed paper trail without clear chains of ownership. Investors in mortgage-backed securities, including public pension funds, get cheated on loans in their portfolios where nobody can establish ownership. Taxpayers bear the expense of dragged-out foreclosure cases with false documents clogging state courts; efforts to speed up foreclosures in states like Florida have not succeeded, precisely because the raw materials – the documents – are faulty. Homeowners who never missed a payment could run into trouble when title issues prohibit them from selling the house. And I can give you a giant stack of cases of servicer-driven defaults, where false documents merely added another layer of illegality.
Simply put, if you have a mortgage, you are in jeopardy. And with mortgage lending standards loosening, and the government trying to kick-start the same private securitization market for mortgages we saw during the bubble, we could easily see the same shoddiness return on new loans.
Advertisement:
There was another solution available here, if Holder's Justice Department didn't throw up its hands and settle. Judges could have disassembled the broken mortgage system, and appointed a special master to handle all loans in question. It may have taken years, but the preservation of the public property system makes the time and expense worth it. Unless you would rather kneel to the wishes of the financial industry to keep everything rolling, and let the wound fester.
If you or I pick the lock on a house and try to steal everything in it, we'd probably go to jail. But if I were a bank, and I wrote down on a piece of paper that I simply owned that house, I'd get away with it. That's the sad legacy of trying to cover up massive fraud instead of dealing with it.
SAN ANTONIO -- Spurs coach Gregg Popovich disputed Tony Parker's assertion that star forward Kawhi Leonard would return to action "in a couple weeks, three weeks," but Popovich said that Leonard is making significant strides in his recovery from quadriceps tendinopathy.
"He's getting very close and making progress," Popovich said. "He's having contact now, and hopefully, we'll get him back shortly."
Editor's Picks Spurs' Parker: Leonard back in 'couple weeks' Tony Parker estimated Kawhi Leonard would return to action "in a couple weeks, three weeks," after working out with the two-time All-Star during his injury rehab.
As Parker prepared to make his return to the starting lineup Monday night against the Dallas Mavericks, he said he had worked out with Leonard during his own rehabilitation process from a torn quadriceps tendon alongside future Basketball Hall of Famer Tim Duncan and former Spurs veteran Matt Bonner.
Parker said that Leonard was "close" to returning to normal.
"He looked great," Parker said. "I was like, 'Oh, he's good. I forgot that he was that good.' Yeah, [he's] close. It's still going to be a process. Still, the Spurs aren't going to take [any] risks. It's still going to be, like I said, a couple of weeks, three weeks. They're not going to take any risks. But he's looking good so far. What he did with me, he's looking good."
Popovich said Parker's assessment should be taken under caution. Told about Parker's remarks, Popovich asked, "Is that Dr. Parker?"
Kawhi Leonard returned for the Spurs on Tuesday in his first game since Game 1 of the Western Conference finals last season. AP Photo/Eric Gay
"I'm probably not going to consult Tony on when Kawhi is going to come back," Popovich said. "It's just me. Maybe I'm being shortsighted, but I'm probably not gonna go there."
Leonard has missed the team's first 19 games this season, after the Spurs initially announced during training camp that he would miss the preseason because of quadriceps tendinopathy. Popovich has said that Leonard hasn't responded to rehabilitation the way the team had hoped.
A two-time NBA All-Star and the team's top defender, Leonard took on added responsibilities last season on offense, averaging career highs in points (25.5) and assists (3.5), in addition to averaging 1.8 steals. Leonard hasn't suited for a game for the Spurs since Game 1 of the Western Conference finals, a series he missed due to a sprained ankle.
SC QB says Clemson not that much better than Gamecocks if at all
South Carolina starting quarterback Jake Bentley provided a little offseason trash talk on Wednesday when he told Fox Carolina that after the rivalry game last season his team knew that Clemson was not that much better if at all.
"We just didn't play well that week," Bentley said. "That's our big quote going into this year. We felt we got outworked so never again. So our big thing is never again we will be outworked. Never again will be outcompeted in a game like that. It all stems from that game because at the end of the game everyone knew that they were not that much better than us or better than us at all. It really just lit a fire in everybody since that week. Everyone has worked harder and wanted it more."
Clemson defeated South Carolina 56-7 last November as it was the largest win an ACC team has ever had over a SEC team. Clemson outgained South Carolina 622-218 while amassing 250 yards rushing and piling up 41 first downs and averaging seven yards a play. The 622 yards and the first down total were the most in the rivalry's history.
A series of incredible photographs have been released by Dr Valery Uvarov , Head of the Department of Palaeoscience, Palaeotechnology, and UFO Research of the National Security Academy of Russia, following an expedition to the mountains of Gornaya Shoria in Southern Siberia. The photographs appear to depict a set of enormous megaliths and Dr Uvarov is convinced they are man-made structures. Others, however, have argued that they are simple a rare example of the power and wonder of Mother Nature.
An expedition headed by Georgy Sidorov was undertaken a team of 19 researchers following information about the existence of a large number of strange megalithic objects on Gornaya Shoria, a mountain reaching 1,100 metres above sea level, and situated in a remote part of Russia which had previously been blocked off by checkpoints during the era of the Soviet Union.
The site of the ‘megalith' stone blocks. Photo credit: Georgy Sidorov
Upon reaching the site described, the research team came across huge blocks of stone, which seem to be granite, with flat surfaces, right angles, and sharp corners. The enormous blocks, some measuring 20 metres in length and 6 metres in height and width, appear to be stacked on top of each other.
The large blocks appear to be stacked on top of each other. Photo credit: Georgy Sidorov
Some stones appear to have been positioned to create shelters. Photo credit: Georgy Sidorov
The research team also observed some other unusual phenomena. Firstly, they noted that many of the stones showed burn marks and that the rock appeared “melted” in some places. Secondly, they found that all compass needles turned away from the megaliths, in the opposite direction to which the compass should have been pointing.
The monolith at Baalbek is considered to be one of the largest single stones used in an ancient megalithic site, but the blocks or stones at Shoria are much, much larger, making some question whether these stones could really reflect a man-made structure. If they were carved by ancient people, the blocks would be the largest megaliths ever worked by human hands.
Some of the stones display clear edges and angles. Photo credit: Georgy Sidorov
Sensational claims are already filtering their way around the internet, for example, that the site is evidence of an ancient lost civilization, a race of giants, or UFO visitations. While the pictures are indeed compelling and it is difficult to come up with a natural explanation, nature is also known to have produced some startling rock formations around the world that defy explanation, such as the Giants Causeway of Northern Ireland and the Waffle Rock of West Virginia.
Therefore, it seems sensible to wait in anticipation for geological research to be undertaken in the area to determine the true nature of these remarkable structures.
By April Holloway
A man who grew up in Lawrence was killed last weekend in an apparent hit-and-run accident in Florida.
And investigators in Jacksonville Beach say a suspect in the case has ties to Topeka.
Jacksonville Beach police have said Spencer Schott, 35, died after he was struck by a car.
The Florida Times-Union has reported Schott, a 1993 Lawrence High School graduate, was standing in front of his apartment complex. Police said the incident occurred about 7:30 p.m. Saturday.
Sgt. Tom Bingham, a Jacksonville Beach police spokesman, said Thursday investigators were still trying to find 30-year-old Adam Lloyd Shepard, who Topeka police said was wanted on felony hit-and-run charges in Schott's death. Shepard owns a white 2005 Acura TL with a Florida license plate “925IRG” believed to be at the scene.
It was unclear if Shepard knew Schott before the incident.
Kansas University spokesman Todd Cohen said Shepard, whose hometown was Topeka, was a KU student from 2000 to 2002 but did not graduate.
Topeka police said they had been in contact with Florida authorities, but police spokeswoman Kristen Veverka said there was no indication he was in Topeka.
According to the Times-Union, Florida police also think Shepard could be in Omaha, Neb.
Friends of Schott said on Thursday that they were saddened by the news. Both of his parents, Susan K. Schott and John S. Schott, are Lawrence residents.
According to his obituary, Schott earned a bachelor's degree in 1997 from the University of Iowa and was working as a district sales manager for the ADP Corp. in Jacksonville.
Friends said he was a fun-loving kid growing up who enjoyed sports.
“He was the type of person who was just always smiling, always having fun and looking to have a good time,” said Aaron Wilmes, a Lawrence optometrist who graduated with Schott.
Jacksonville Beach police are asking anyone with information in the case to call 904-270-1661.
SOUTH PORTLAND, Maine — In what opponents are characterizing as a reversal of an earlier decision, the U.S. Department of State in August informed the Portland Pipe Line Corp. that it wants to review any future plans the company may propose to reverse the flow of its Montreal-South Portland pipeline to carry so-called tar sands crude, according to a letter obtained through Freedom of Information Act request.
The letter, which is dated Aug. 13, 2013, is significant because it disputes a 2008 letter from the State Department informing the company that a reversal of its pipeline, which has carried crude oil from its South Portland pier to oil refineries in the Montreal area since World War II, would not represent a change-of-use significant enough to warrant a new federal permit, according to Jim Murphy, senior counsel for the National Wildlife Federation, which supplied the letter to the Bangor Daily News.
“We see this as a repudiation of that 2008 letter,” Murphy told the BDN on Monday. “That 2008 letter is not a get-out-of-jail-free card.”
In the August letter, an official with the Bureau of Energy Resources states that “before the Portland Pipe Line Corporation executes any plans to change the operation of either pipeline in any manner different than its current use and operation, to provide information to the Department for its review and consideration in advance.
“For clarity, such changes in operation could include, but are not limited to, a change in the direction of flow or in the type of crude oil carried by the pipelines.”
The Portland Pipe Line Corp., a fully owned subsidiary of Montreal Pipeline Ltd., does not currently have plans to reverse the flow of its 236-mile pipeline to carry tar sands crude from Canada to Maine. However, it did explore the potential of such a project in 2008 before the economic recession made the project untenable. It was during that process the State Department made its initial decision concerning a new permit.
While the company has no current plans, CEO Larry Wilson told the BDN earlier this year that it would pursue a potential project in the future if it made economic sense for the company.
Jim Merrill, a spokesman for the pipeline company, sent the following comment to the BDN concerning the recent letter from federal overseers (he refers to the company as PMPL, an acronym that stands for Portland-Montreal pipeline):
“As PMPL has said consistently, there is no project proposed, pending or imminent. If that ever were to change, PMPL would participate fully in all appropriate local, state and federal regulatory and public processes. The referenced letter is consistent with that commitment.”
The National Wildlife Federation, as well as the Natural Resources Council of Maine and U.S. Rep. Chellie Pingree, have advocated that any flow reversal to carry tar sands over the 236-mile pipeline from Montreal to South Portland should require a new permitting process.
“This letter falls short of that, but it clearly informs the company that before it moves forward with a new proposal, it should go to the State Department for determination of whether or not permit or review requirements are needed,” Murphy said. “It's a big step in the right direction.”
The company and its supporters defeated a citizen referendum in early November that would have hampered any attempts to upgrade its pier facilities to handle tar sands by changing South Portland's waterfront zoning regulations. The City Council is now considering a proposed moratorium on loading tar sands oil onto ships in the harbor.
Should Earth Shut the Hell Up?
Should humanity shout to the galaxy “We are here!”? Some key considerations:
1. Since we humans recently acquired our ability to shout, aliens that hear our shouts should be far older and more advanced than us. Think thousands or millions of years, not decades. We would lose any fight, and while we might learn much from them, they can learn little from us.
2. We are unsure of alien friendliness. Most might be friendly, or most might be unfriendly. It just takes one friend to send us useful information, but it just takes one enemy to destroy us.
3. Unless aliens are so ubiquitous that UFO reports are plausible, a response from aliens would take decades at least, and might take millennia or more.
4. If aliens are near enough for us to get a response within centuries, then there are at least thousands of them out there that could yell or otherwise make themselves visible. But all of them instead seem to keep quiet and hide. That seems worrisome.
5. If aliens are instead far away, then by the time any response gets here we will be extinct, or will have already learned most of what aliens could teach us. So in this case prospects for trading useful information are poor. But they might still see us as a competitive threat and try to neutralize us.
I agree with Brin; these considerations seem to make a strong, if not overwhelming, case for not yelling on purpose yet. Since we'd have to wait long for either gains or losses, and since aliens being quiet on purpose seems worrisome, then without a good reason to think aliens are quite friendly, we should wait and learn more before yelling. Astronomy is, after all, making rapid progress.
If the case for keeping quiet is plausibly strong, the case for not letting each group decide this for themselves seems overwhelming. Such decisions have global consequences. If there is opinion variation on alien friendliness, and if anyone is free to shout, then those with the most positive opinions are most likely to shout, to the plausible regret of those with median opinions. If global governance makes sense for anything, it makes sense for this.
Some say that we can't control yells to aliens (Harrison 2014). But far fewer people can yell loudly to aliens than can add CO 2 to our atmosphere. If global control of CO 2 emissions is possible, controlling yells to aliens is also possible.
David Brin did, however, neglect to mention one key consideration:
6. Earth has in fact been yelling to aliens, but accidentally, such as by radar that probes planets, asteroids, and comets. Such radar is very loud, even if noticeable to any one alien for only a brief moment. Though there are disagreements on the right metric (Benford et. al. 2010), by one measure accidental yells have reached roughly a million times more possible aliens than have purposeful yells (Zaitsev 2008).
By this measure, our loudest yells come from the Arecibo radar in Puerto Rico, when used to probe asteroids and the like. It can be heard over most of our Milky Way galaxy by any one-kilometer wide antenna pointed straight at Earth for a year. The USAF PAVE military radar also yells loudly, reaching about one tenth as many possible aliens as Arecibo (Haqq-Misra et. al. 2013). (Note that ordinary radio, television, and telecommunications signals are much quieter.)
It seems that we should also worry about accidental yells, in addition to purposeful yells. Yes, some use this risk comparison as a reductio argument to excuse purposeful yells. For example:
There are some people, [Seth Shostak] acknowledges, who might worry that broadcasting “The Day the Earth Stood Still” could be inimical to our interests. He added, “I think that if these people are truly worried about such things, they might best begin by shutting down the radar at the local airport.” (Overbye 2008)
But I say: let's reverse the reductio, and consider seriously if our accidental yells are worth the risk.
As an economist, let me try to offer an original insight: we can use the amounts that we spend on accidental yells to help guess the yell risk that we should tolerate. At least we can if we make two simple assumptions:
1. We couldn't get much more net value out of radar sending if we spent more on it.
2. We do not now consider the risk of alerting aliens in our radar sending cost vs. value calculations.
For example, the Arecibo radar costs about $10 million per year to run, and it spends about 2% of its time in send mode. Since world income is about $85 trillion per year, we thus spend about two parts per billion of world income on the Arecibo radar in send mode. From this we might crudely estimate the net value we get from Arecibo sending to be somewhere in the ballpark of a few parts per billion of the total value the world gets each year from continuing to exist, and not being destroyed by aliens.
Actually, this number is probably an overestimate. Yes, we get more value from Arecibo than we spend on it, but this added value should be much less for the last few dollars we spend (perhaps only 20% more). After all, what we learn via radar can be learned in other ways, even if at a higher cost. And the ratio of the value the world gets from not being exterminated to world income is probably big (a factor of two or more).
Thus if the world were in a steady state of income and radar cost and sending, we might estimate that continued indefinite use of the Arecibo radar in send mode at current levels is a bad deal if, over the long run, such use increases the chance of our being destroyed by aliens by even one in a billion. (Unless there are huge chances of nice aliens giving huge gains.) That seems to me a pretty high bar; can anyone really assure us that this risk is below this threshold?
It gets worse. As the world gets richer, we are likely to continue to spend a similar fraction of world income on radar sending. But improving technology combined with increased spending on radar sending should result in more powerful radar signals, which must increase the chance that aliens hear our accidental yells. So even if our current level of yelling produces an acceptable risk of alien extermination, that level will continue to rise, and so should eventually rise to problematic levels.
Thus even if accidental yells are not a problem today, they should eventually become a problem. So we may as well start now to think about how to manage this risk. And just as we can't trust each group that yells on purpose to decide if their yelling is worth the risk they impose on the rest of us, we also can't trust planetary scientists or military strategists to decide if the value they produce via accidental yells is worth the risks they impose. All such parties are plausibly biased by selfish career interests.
A key relevant factor in these analyses is the fraction of aliens who are friendly. And as an economist I'm disturbed to see that a consensus apparently arose among many in this area that aliens must be overwhelmingly friendly (Harrison 2014). Most conventional social scientists I know would find this view quite implausible; they see most conflict as deeply intractable. Why is this kind-aliens view then so common?
My guess: non-social-scientists have believed modern cultural propaganda claims that our dominant cultures today have a vast moral superiority over most other cultures through history. Our media have long suggested that conflictual behaviors like greed, theft, aggression, revenge, violence, war, destruction of nature, and population growth pressures all result from “backward” mindsets from “backward” cultures. This propaganda naturally suggests that very advanced aliens must have long since eliminated such conflict. Communist SETI researchers similarly assumed aliens to be communist.
Part of the mistake here is to model behavior via a simple one-dimensional “aggression” parameter. Yes, over time violence has fallen, but we advance in part by learning to more finely condition our behavior on context. We pick fewer pointless fights, but we also more quickly take advantage of those who can't fight back (Pfeffer 2010). Think of academics who are cordial among equals, but unfairly referee papers from rivals who can't much retaliate. Aliens who treat their equals well may still treat humans badly.
So, bottom line: we should cut way back on accidental yelling to aliens, such as via Arecibo radar sending, if continuing at current rates would over the long run bring even a one in a billion chance of alerting aliens to come destroy us. And even if this chance is now below one in a billion, it will rise with time and eventually force us to cut back. So let's start now to estimate such risks, and adapt our behavior accordingly.
Citations
Gregory Benford, James Benford, and Dominic Benford (2010) Searching for Cost-Optimized Interstellar Beacons. Astrobiology 10(5):491-498.
Jacob Haqq-Misra, Michael W. Busch, Sanjoy M. Som, Seth D. Baum (2013) The benefits and harm of transmitting into space. Space Policy 29:40-48.
Albert Harrison (2014) Speaking For Earth: Projecting Cultural Values Across Deep Space and Time, in ed. Douglas Vakoch, Archeology, Anthropology, and Interstellar Communication 175-190, June 1.
Dennis Overbye (2008) One Alien to Another: A Broadcast to the Stars. New York Times, December 11.
Jeffrey Pfeffer, (2010) Power: Why Some People Have It—and Others Don't, HarperCollins, September 14.
Alexander L. Zaitsev (2008) Detection Probability of Terrestrial Radio Signals By A Hostile Super-Civilization. Journal of Radio Electronics 5.
Michael J. Matheron, August 22, 2017
President Donald Trump doesn't think much of eclipses, particularly the metaphorical application of the word to his nascent presidency. In fact, the word “eclipse” in any form is henceforth forbidden in executive branch agency communication. This led to the immediate mass resignation of the population of the agency once called the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Agency (NOAA),”pushers of fake science in a fake agency. Good riddance,” the President explained after he and the First Lady watched what he labelled the “so-called eclipse.” event from the White House.
Neither his aides, the assembled reporters, nor his First Lady had the intestinal fortitude to inform the confident Commander-In-Chief that he was, in fact, mistaking a strong reflection of the sun off the Library of Congress's dome, topped as it is with a gold gilded torch, the “Torch of Learning.”
Uncorrected, he elaborated, evincing awe that false reports of eclipses “fooled so many stupid people” throughout history.
You know, folks, I've noticed if you tell a little fib, you can't get away with it, but if you tell a huge lie people after a while believe it. Same thing with this eclipse business, people totally believe they're seeing it. Sad. I watched to see if I was right and to me the sun didn't disappear for a second. To me it got brighter! I have a clear mind. I took science in school. If the sun actually got blotted out by the moon that would mean the moon is the same size as the sun! How stupid are the people at NOAA, NASA, and the Smithsonian? Well, believe me, folks, it's not stupidity – even though they are stupid – it's a big lie to distract Mr. Mueller from his important work investigating my administration and me personally. Sad.
Again, we spectators simply looked at the ground and kept our mouths shut. It's bad enough that our nation's president believed the gold gilded light on the Library of Congress dome somehow proved there was no eclipse, but who among us invertebrate reporters was going to sally forth with the news that the Library of Congress gilded flame atop its dome is furthermore not the sun, moreover, that the sun and the moon are not the same size, and finally that NASA is not a movie production company whose funding belongs within the National Endowment for the Humanities?
No one wanted to take on that Moby Dick-sized whale of misunderstanding, so we kept our composure, many of us deeply in prayer. As we expected, everything returned to ground we were comfortable standing on – China. Trump opined:
Chinese industrialists who mass produce those so-called safety glasses, that's why for thousands of years people believe in eclipses. This year alone they made 350 billion dollars selling eclipse safety glasses to Americans. Believe me, I look directly at the sun for an hour or so every day and my doctor tells me I have eyesight better than any president ever. This eclipse mania caused by these disgusting, trade cheating Chinese industrialists will not be tolerated. No more eyeglasses from China. No more NASA. No more astronomy. Thank you, you useless lying reporters for your attention, such as it is for a bunch of limp brained propagandists. God bless Americans who support me. No questions. Where's Melania?
Interestingly, while her presidential husband was fully occupied enjoying what he firmly believed was the solar eclipse, First Lady Melania Trump courageously pulled off an “eclipse” of her own, a permanent one. Displaying a speed of foot that astonished the Secret Service – particularly given she was shod in high spiked heels – Mrs. Trump leaped across the White House lawn in a few strides and hurled herself over the eight foot high fence like a child leaps across a parent's command. No one knew the protocol when a First Lady puts her personal foot to the pedal, leaving the Secret Service in statuesque form. Mrs. Trump's whereabouts are still unknown, although law enforcement agents of all kinds later raided chic boutiques like Marshall's and Kohl's. FBI-types told me the First Lady's personal secretary remains mum, sitting stolidly, “purring and smiling, and occasionally hissing and spitting. She's unbreakable.” Attorney General Jeff Sessions offered his pet cobra to assist in the investigation by killing and eating the secretary, but that was rejected as too inhuman even under the relaxed rules of the bureau.
The President took it in his usual stride, tweeting that he was about to fire her anyway; she'd joined the campaign reluctantly, and she offered negligible advice other than a Middle East peace plan that many within the diplomatic corps of all nations involved termed quite workable and fair. Her plan to reform health care was equally erudite and doable according to both parties' leadership. She was also in direct contact with North Korea's Kim Jong-un, who she affectionately called “Haircut,” and progress towards a permanent North-South Korea peace treaty was soon to be announced. But, the President revealed she
“got on Sebastian Gorka's nerves and shot spit balls at Steven Miller. She had to go. Sad. My kid Barron liked her.”
Please follow and like us:
 Play Video  Play   Mute Current Time 0:00 / Duration Time 0:00 Loaded : 0%  0:00  Progress : 0% 0:00 Progress : 0% Stream Type LIVE Remaining Time -0:00 Playback Rate 1  Chapters Chapters  descriptions off , selected Descriptions  subtitles off , selected Subtitles  captions settings , opens captions settings dialog
captions settings caption off , selected Captions  Audio Track  Fullscreen This is a modal window. Caption Settings Dialog Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. Text Color White Black Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan Transparency Opaque Semi-Transparent Background Color Black White Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan Transparency Opaque Semi-Transparent Transparent Window Color Black White Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan Transparency Transparent Semi-Transparent Opaque Font Size 50% 75% 100% 125% 150% 175% 200% 300% 400% Text Edge Style None Raised Depressed Uniform Dropshadow Font Family Proportional Sans-Serif Monospace Sans-Serif Proportional Serif Monospace Serif Casual Script Small Caps Defaults Done
Images from the scene show huge, bright orange flames licking the edges of buildings at the Moria Refugee Camp as migrants flee from their makeshift homes. Thick black clouds are also seen rising from the buildings, while witnesses reported hearing explosions and claim they started to smell smoke before being evacuated. It is believed some migrants living in the camp had been told they were going to be deported before the fire broke out, with some involved in an altercation with police.
TWITTER Some 1,500 people could still be trapped in the camp
One witness told Sky News: "There are still people inside but people are protesting "The people are tired, they are tired of what is happening here." It is unknown how the fire started, but police have rushed to the camp following what has been described as a "major disturbance".
SKY NEWS Images show huge flames coming out of buildings at the Moria Refugee Camp
Authorities on the Greek island confirmed the fire broke out following a protest at the site. And reports from the scene suggest some have even stopped firefighters from attending the scene, throwing rocks at them to force them to back off. Police said no injuries were reported and that the fire continues to burn.
Eddie Izzard has done it in French, German, Spanish, Russian and Arabic. But are the jokes essentially the same – and do foreign comedians at Edinburgh get lost in translation?
Could you be funny in a foreign language? To us Brits, who stereotypically have little more than "where is the swimming pool?", the idea is laughable (the answer, by the way, is opposite the town hall). Yet look to the Edinburgh festival, where every year comics come from all over the world, communicating with us effectively enough to convey humour.
Making us look bad this year will be comedians from France, Russia, Italy, Sweden, Germany and Japan; and whether they are fluent or not, an hour of English standup is fraught with problems. Welcome to the world of standup in a second language.
Frenchman Yacine Bellhouse has been a comic since 2005 and this year is his Edinburgh debut. He is a surrealist – perhaps why his mentor Eddie Izzard was drawn to him – and his show is a translation of his French material.
"It is so hard," he says, "really frightening and it's a big fight with my shyness. I'm waiting more for a reaction [from the crowd] and I try to see their faces, but when I get a laugh, I'm happy three times more than in French. I think, 'they get me, they get my mind'."
Reading on mobile? Watch Yacine perform in French here
Adaptations have to be made, of course, particularly with cultural reference points. Joker Park is substituted by Innocent drinks, French TV host Michel Drucker becomes David Attenborough, and Yacine soon learned that foxes are seen as vermin in the UK, not "beautiful creatures" as he describes them. That's not new – comics who tour their own country will tailor material so that they drop in a mention of the local bad nightclub or the rival town.
The tricky bit comes in the technicalities of translation. Bellhouse, 31, says: "Most of the time I change nothing, but the way English works are different, the rhythms of the jokes change. English phrases are shorter than French ones, which is actually easier as it goes right to the point, but I find it weird – it's so quick. What I lose is a lot of subtle things and funny little slang words that I can't use in English.
"But I've started to create my own English slang as I get better, like [imagine the strong French accent] "don't worry, Rory"; it makes me laugh onstage, but the audience doesn't understand. Then I explain and they start to laugh too.
"Also, sometimes you have to find out how to say the same thing in a different way. So I might need four lines [in English] to tell a joke instead of three [in French], just because there's something I have to explain.
"For me, English is the language of standup. You invented it, so your language is good for that form of comedy, but in France we're now doing it the French way."
Izzard knows a bit about doing foreign standup, having performed in French, German, Spanish, Russian and Arabic. He has long been a good French speaker, but when it came to the others, he had to phase in his second language sections, doing three minutes one night, six the next, and so on. For the German shows on his 2014 Force Majeure tour, he relied on memory, learning a translation of his show line-by-line with the help of his brother, Mark, an expert in linguistics, and dropped the ad-libbing. He says that the mechanics inherent to a language aren't necessarily a barrier to making people laugh.
Izzard says: "It seems to make no difference. In German you have the verb at the end of the sentence in the past tense, so I asked my German friends about this, because the punchline has to be a noun and I didn't know how that could work. But it was Michael Mittermeier [a German comic that Izzard has championed] who said don't analyse it like that.
"In Force Majeure [which Izzard performed three times on the same night in Edinburgh, in three different languages], there's a line that goes, 'Caesar, did he ever think he'd end up as a salad?' Now that translates as 'Ceasar, hat er je gedacht, dass er einmal – aus Salat enden würde?' So it's a four-word punchline instead of one word, but they still laugh at the same point – it works. You can still muck it up; if you plod through that punchline it wouldn't work, but otherwise they dig it, and that's crazy."
Not everything is translatable, though. Igor Meersen, 32, from St Petersburg, and who is in Edinburgh under the wing of Dylan Moran, had to ditch his entire act after painstakingly translating the whole lot and presenting it to Moran.
Reading on mobile? Watch Igor perform in English here
"I had 20 pieces of paper of material, I showed it to Dylan and he just said, it doesn't work! So I had to write all new jokes; it's like having a second job.
"The problem was the structure of English is so different from Russian, the jokes are impossible to translate. Russian is very flexible, we can mix words in a way that is needed, put them in different places so that you keep the punchline unexpected. You can't do that in English."
There is another English speaker with a tale to tell on this subject – Des Bishop. The Irish-born New Yorker has a new show, Made in China, all about his experiences of doing standup in Mandarin. Linguistically we move into another level now, because of Mandarin's system of "tones". One of Bishop's key routines is about the mispronunciations of his surname. While the "Bi" part of "Bishop" is pronounced with fourth tone, first tone "Bi" means, well, "cunt".
Reading on mobile? Watch Des perform in Mandarin here
"When they hear 'Bi', they don't think about the potential of using the first tone," he says. "So I gradually lead them into making that link, and for the punchline I use the hand sign instead of saying the word. But because my tones were quite bad in the early days, I was kept saying 'cunt' accidentally without realising, so it kept on being funny for another reason."
Material on mispronunciation, therefore, is a knife-edge, and requires especially precise pronunciation for it to work. By extension, all the comics I speak to agree that puns, idioms and double meanings do not translate – Bishop describes with amused frustration his attempts to translate "your time will come" into Mandarin, as he had a routine that relied on it. Not an unreasonable ask, you might think, as it's a simple enough phrase – but it's one loaded with subtext, and so he couldn't find anything that conveyed the same thing. "There's just no way to punch it out. They laugh about 20 seconds later after you describe it, but that laugh is not a great laugh."
Bishop maintains that when these stumbling blocks occur, it's "because of language, not because of a 'national' sense of humour. People confuse the two. Things like double meanings may not translate, but if you find a way to translate it, the Chinese will laugh just as much.
"I don't agree with the 'Chinese sense of humour' thing at all. Certain types of comedy might require certain knowledge, and there are cultural references and exposure to certain styles, but if you boil it down, it's the same process of making people laugh."
His fellow comics vehemently agree on this. Since his foreign forays, Izzard has been especially vocal in his rejection of the idea of a "national" sense of humour, and both he and Moran have passed this on to their proteges. Bellhouse says that this philosophy clicks into place when he performs in England: "When I get an English audience to laugh, the point is proved. We are the same, we have the same mind, and when I speak to Igor and Francesco [De Carlo, Italian standup] they're in the same mind. It's very encouraging for the future."
The final twist is that performing in a non-native tongue can be an advantage. While having a restricted vocabulary has put off Izzard and Henning Wehn from improvising in a second language, Bishop says he finds it helps – although it's partly connected to the novelty value of standup in China.
"There's a huge history of western people on Chinese TV, but it's all about how good their Chinese is. There are very few westerners doing shit Chinese, so it's very endearing to them. It's a huge asset when I'm improvising, you speak in such a contracted way when your language level is low that it kind of works – there's an immediacy to it. They don't have audience participation in their usual comedy, so they're blown away by someone talking back and making fun of them, even if it is in my crappy Chinese."
There is certainly an "endearing" card to be played. Daniel Simonsen, who won the 2012 Fosters the best newcomer award and starred in Vic and Bob's recent sitcom, House of Fools, indeed has an endearing, vulnerable appeal, which is heightened by his thick Norwegian accent. Izzard also reveals some advice given to him by TV presenter Antoine du Caunes: "He told me, 'keep the mistakes, it's cute' – and that's the thing, you just have to get up there, you'll probably get a few things wrong, but if people like you, they'll forgive it all."
More from the Edinburgh festival
• Review: Unfaithful – love and longing in a taut four-hander
• Review: The Trial of Jane Fonda – as inventive as a school play
• Standups on their entrance music: 'I play it loud to drown out the screaming in my head'
• Jim Davidson: provocative, predictable and oh so popular
• Liam Williams: 'I've had nervous breakdowns on stage'
• All Edinburgh festival coverage
Mission Statement Generator - by ComfyChair
We seamlessly and synergistically negotiate advantages for leadership skills whilst continuing to reliably and completely build access to corporate and ethical benefits without losing sight of our original goal to interactively manufacture multimedia-based services. Quote by Chip Diller (Kevin Bacon), movie Animal House
The never ending supply of unique and accurate Mission Statements produced by this Fantastic Contraption™ will enable you to:
Take your company to the next level of corporate consciousness.
Impress and inspire your fellow board members at every meeting.
Achieve all your goals and become World-Dominating Overlord of Corporate Warfare.
About this exquisite service:
The legendary Dilbert Mission Statement Generator went offline in 2008 and I couldn't find a good replacement. So I made this. I hope it will cater to all your Mission Statement needs even though my contraption is nothing but a faint shadow of the original.
The Dilbert Mission Statement Generator was also known as:
* Dilbert's Automatic Mission Statement Generator
* Dilbert's Mission Statement Generator
No Animals Were Harmed in the Making of this Mission Statement.
©ComfyChair™ & Son Productions Ltd. Est. 1885
EDIT: Thanks to Kaj's work, we now have more rigorous evidence on the "Maes-Garreau law" (the idea that people will predict AI coming before they die). This post has been updated with extra information. The original data used for this analysis can now be found through here.
Thanks to some sterling work by Kaj Sotala and others (such as Jonathan Wang and Brian Potter - all paid for by the gracious Singularity Institute, a fine organisation that I recommend everyone look into), we've managed to put together a database listing all AI predictions that we could find. The list is necessarily incomplete, but we found as much as we could, and collated the data so that we could have an overview of what people have been predicting in the field since Turing.
We retained 257 predictions total, of various quality (in our expanded definition, philosophical arguments such as "computers can't think because they don't have bodies" count as predictions). Of these, 95 could be construed as giving timelines for the creation of human-level AIs. And "construed" is the operative word - very few were in a convenient "By golly, I give a 50% chance that we will have human-level AIs by XXXX" format. Some gave ranges; some were surveys of various experts; some predicted other things (such as child-like AIs, or superintelligent AIs).
Where possible, I collapsed these down to single median estimate, making some somewhat arbitrary choices and judgement calls. When a range was given, I took the mid-point of that range. If a year was given with a 50% likelihood estimate, I took that year. If it was the collection of a variety of expert opinions, I took the prediction of the median expert. If the author predicted some sort of AI by a given date (partial AI or superintelligent AI), I took that date as their estimate rather than trying to correct it in one direction or the other (there were roughly the same number of subhuman AIs as suphuman AIs in the list, and not that many of either). I read extracts of the papers to make judgement calls when interpreting problematic statements like "within thirty years" or "during this century" (is that a range or an end-date?).
So some biases will certainly have crept in during the process. That said, it's still probably the best data we have. So keeping all that in mind, let's have a look at what these guys said (and it was mainly guys).
There are two stereotypes about predictions in AI and similar technologies. The first is the Maes-Garreau law: technologies as supposed to arrive... just within the lifetime of the predictor!
The other stereotype is the informal 20-30 year range for any new technology: the predictor knows the technology isn't immediately available, but puts it in a range where people would still be likely to worry about it. And so the predictor gets kudos for addressing the problem or the potential, and is safely retired by the time it (doesn't) come to pass. Are either of these stereotypes born out by the data? Well, here is a histogram of the various "time to AI" predictions:
As can be seen, the 20-30 year stereotype is not exactly born out - but a 15-25 one would be. Over a third of predictions are in this range. If we ignore predictions more than 75 years into the future, 40% are in the 15-25 range, and 50% are in the 15-30 range.
Apart from that, there is a gradual tapering off, a slight increase at 50 years, and twelve predictions beyond three quarters of a century. Eyeballing this, there doesn't seem to much evidence for the Maes-Garreau law. Kaj looked into this specifically, plotting (life expectancy) minus (time to AI) versus the age of the predictor; the Maes-Garreau law would expect the data to be clustered around the zero line:
Most of the data seems to be decades out from the zero point (note the scale on the y axis). You could argue, possibly, that fifty year olds are more likely to predict AI just within their lifetime, but this is a very weak effect. I see no evidence for the Maes-Garreau law - of the 37 prediction Kaj retained, only 6 predictions (16%) were within five years (in either direction) of the expected death date.
But not all predictions are created equal. 62 of the predictors were labelled "experts" in the analysis - these had some degree of expertise in fields that were relevant to AI. The other 33 were amateurs - journalists, writers and such. Decomposing into these two groups showed very little difference, though:
The only noticeable difference is that amateurs lacked the upswing at 50 years, and were relatively more likely to push their predictions beyond 75 years. This does not look like good news for the experts - if their performance can't be distinguished from amateurs, what contributions are their expertise making?
But I've been remiss so far - combining predictions that we know are false (because their deadline has come and gone) with those that could still be true. If we look at predictions that have failed, we get this interesting graph:
This looks very similar to the original graph. The main difference being the lack of very long range predictions. This is not, in fact, because there has not yet been enough time for these predictions to be proved false, but because prior to the 1990s, there were actually no predictions with a timeline greater than fifty years. This can best be seen on this scatter plot, which plots the time predicted to AI against the date the prediction was made:
As can be seen, as time elapses, people become more willing to predict very long ranges. But this is something of an artefact - in the early days of computing, people were very willing to predict that AI was impossible. Since this didn't give a timeline, their "predictions" didn't show up on the graph. It recent times, people seem a little less likely to claim AI is impossible, replaced by these "in a century or two" timelines.
Apart from that one difference, predictions look remarkably consistent over the span: modern predictors are claiming about the same time will elapse before AI arrives as their (incorrect) predecessors. This doesn't mean that the modern experts are wrong - maybe AI really is imminent this time round, maybe modern experts have more information and are making more finely calibrated guesses. But in a field like AI prediction, where experts lack feed back for their pronouncements, we should expect them to perform poorly, and for biases to dominate their thinking. This seems the likely hypothesis - it would be extraordinarily unlikely that modern experts, free of biases and full of good information, would reach exactly the same prediction distribution as their biased and incorrect predecessors.
In summary:
Nearly three years after a 17-month-old boy was apparently physically abused in an Ewa Beach day care facility, his parents are no closer to seeing someone held responsible for the crime.
And that's a tragedy, not only for Peyton Valiente, who is now 4 years old, but for public confidence in Hawaii's criminal justice system.
Hawaii Attorney General Doug Chin concluded this week that the case must be dropped because the three or four people who could have harmed Peyton — including day care operator Manuela Ramos — pleaded the Fifth Amendment.
That Ramos was married to an officer with the Honolulu Police Department at the time further erodes trust. HPD later admitted that it failed to follow proper protocol in the case, including taking much too long to interview suspects and seemingly never even visiting the alleged scene of the crime.
Courtesy of Chelsea Valiente
The attorney general's abandonment of Peyton follows the decision of Honolulu Prosecuting Attorney Keith Kaneshiro to turn down the case earlier this year. This, from a prosecutor who frequently touts his vigilance for victims' rights.
Peyton's parents, Rey and Chelsea Valiente, fear no one will be held accountable for their son's injuries. The harm was so severe that Peyton's brain had shifted from its normal position, requiring surgeons to remove part of the child's skull to relieve the pressure from swelling blood.
“The child has been exposed to neglect and physical abuse,” a social worker for the state's Child Welfare Services concluded.
Peyton seems fine now, but he may experience physical or mental problems in the future.
‘Assailant Still At Large'
One development from the Chin review is that medical experts say Peyton had been shaken violently before his head struck something hard. They also determined that the incident must have occurred at the day care.
Shockingly, other parents whose kids were cared for at the Ramos home were not told about what happened to Peyton. His parents had to suffer the humiliation of temporarily losing custody of their child until police cleared them as suspects.
Perhaps a civil suit against Manuela Ramos, her husband Mark and son Markus, may yet result in some measure of recompense to the Valientes.
For now, though, Chelsea Valiente captures the disgust that many of us feel:
Palestinian television aired an interview with the relatives of the Fogel family murderers earlier this month, praising the two cousins convicted with the brutal attack as "heroes."
The broadcast was aired as part of a weekly show on the Palestinian state-run station called "For You," which focuses on Palestinian prisoners incarcerated in Israel.
Amjad Awad and Hakim Awad, with the crime scene in the background.
The show featured the aunt and mother of Hakim Awad, who along with his cousin Amjad was convicted of brutally stabbing to death five Fogel family members in an attack on their home in the West Bank settlement of Itamar on the night of March 11, 2011.
Hakim Awad's mother sent her regards to her son, proudly describing him as the perpetrator of the Itamar attack and that he was sentenced to 5 consecutive life sentences.
Awad's aunt then proceeded to describe her nephew as a "hero and a legend."
The unusual broadcast was reported by the Israel-based media watchdog organization Palestinian Media Watch
Late last year Amjad Awad was convicted of the murdering Ehud and Ruth Fogel, along with three of their young child-ren, Yoav, 11, Elad, 4, and Hadas, 3 months old, before fleeing the scene. His cousin Hakim was convicted a month earlier. Both men were sentenced to five consecutive life sentences by an IDF court.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
Read this article in Hebrew
The Ottawa Hospital will get access to 24 hectares of land from Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada for a new Civic campus, the federal government announced Monday.
The Ottawa Hospital's Civic campus on Carling Avenue was originally built in 1924. Ottawa West-Nepean MP John Baird, the minister responsible for the National Capital Commission, made the announcement at the current Ottawa Hospital Civic campus alongside National Capital Commission CEO Mark Kristmanson and Ottawa Hospital CEO Dr. Jack Kitts.
A news release said up to 24 hectares of Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada land will be transferred to the NCC for "the construction of a world-class hospital and teaching facility."
"The NCC is committed to working with its partners to foster design excellence in a new campus that complements the distinct heritage character of the Central Experimental Farm," said Kristmanson, referring to the property across the street from the current Civic campus in central Ottawa.
Kitts said the new facility would deal with the area's sickest patients and would be designed to do so, having a ratio of one bathroom per patient to cut down on infections, for example.
Baird said at a news conference the expansion will create up to 5,000 jobs and attract world-class researchers.
He said the government will lease the land at a cost of a dollar a year, which would save the hospital $50 million.
However, he said this is not a funding announcement but rather lays the foundation for expansion across Carling Avenue.
The federal government said in the news release that this announcement will help the Ontario government work on the Ottawa Hospital's master plan.
On mobile? Click here to vote on what you think about the announcement.
How to Obtain a Dog DNA Cheek Swab Sample
So you've ordered your dog breed identifier kit and are ready to collect your dog's DNA to send off to the lab for testing! While your kit should explain how to get a DNA sample from your dog, you might want a more thorough explanation.
If you're a visual learner, check out this instructional video for collecting a dog DNA sample via cheek swab. The details may change depending on your test kit, however, take special note on how the instructor obtains the DNA sample, as this approach will be consistent across testing kits.
Collecting a DNA Sample FAQ
How do I collect a good DNA sample from my dog's mouth?
1. Inspect your dog's mouth to make sure there is no food debris between the cheek and gums
2. Open the swab package and peel back the edges – avoid touching the bristles
3. Firmly roll the swab bristles against the inside of your dog's cheek.
4. Let the sample dry for 5 minutes before putting the swab back into the sleeve.
How long do I have to wait after my dog has eaten or drank before I can swab his/her mouth?
You should wait approximately 2 hours after your dog has a meal or treats before trying to collect a DNA sample. Water is fine.
How do I dry the cheek swab sample without contaminating it?
As long as you leave your swab to dry in a clean, isolated area, it should be fine. Contamination only occurs when the swab comes into contact with people, other dogs, or dirty surfaces. The bristles should dry in the air and should not come into contact with any surfaces. After the swabs (in most cases you'll collect two samples) air dry for 5 minutes, put the swabs back into the protective sleeves so that the swab bristles are covered.
Although the bristles should be completely covered, do not reseal the sleeve. Resealing the sleeve can result in bacteria or fungus growth. Ship the swab DNA samples as soon as possible.
How do I know that my swab has enough DNA on it?
Your dog's cheek cells probably won't be visible on the swabs. Simply follow the instructions, rubbing the swab against the inside of your dog's cheek for around 15 secs. There should be plenty of cheek cells transferred to the swab in the process, as long as it's performed correctly.
How long can I leave the DNA sample swabs out before they come compromised?
Place the swabs back into their sleeves as soon as the swabs have dried. The swabs should only need 5 minutes to dry – after that, return them to their packaging. If you leave the swabs out longer than the recommended 5 minutes, the swabs won't necessarily be damaged, but leaving them out longer can increase your chance of contamination. Again, remember that the sleeves should not be sealed – just make sure the bristles are fully covered.
What if I have multiple dogs in my home?
In order to collect the best swab sample of your dog, make sure that your dog does not share food or water bowls with any other dogs for at least 2 hours before collecting a DNA sample.
Learn More About Dog DNA Testing
Share on Twitter Tweet Share on Facebook Share
Call him the Surf 'n' Turf Bandit!
A braise-n brisk-taker stole five cuts of brisket from the Red Hook Fairway last week and then came back two days later for a few pounds of shrimp.
The bandit and an accomplice first struck on Sept. 14, walking out of the store with five cuts of brisket worth $250, law enforcement sources said.
But that was just the appetizer — he came back alone on Sept. 16, grabbed $189.94 worth of frozen shrimp and scampered off.
Managers caught the guy when he tried to crib the crustaceans, but he gave them the slip before police arrived, a manager said.
“We called the police, but he ran,” said general manager Oumar Cisse, noting workers could not detain the guy.
The store has photos of the suspected shoplifter, but it is respecting his presumed innocence under the law and won't make the photos public unless police ask it to, the grocery chain's security maven said.
“It's not our policy to release photos,” said Mike Pacewicz, Fairway's head of loss-prevention. “He hasn't been convicted of anything.”
Reach reporter Max Jaeger at mjaeg er@cn gloca l.com or by calling (718) 260–8303. Follow him on Twitter @JustTheMax.
Updated 10:17 pm, July 9, 2018
©2015
Gary Lawless TSN Senior Correspondent Follow|Archive
Pick a side, any side. There seem to be endless choices when it comes to Dustin Byfuglien, who just might be the most misunderstood player in the NHL today.
He's Big Buff, one of the most offensively talented defencemen in hockey.
He's the malcontent who would prefer to give media the Marshawn Lynch treatment rather than show the smallest piece of his inner self.
He's the smiling giant, standing in the middle of a Winnipeg classroom with children clinging to linebacker legs looking up to catch his every word.
He's the perpetrator of reckless, violent acts on the ice like last season's cross-check on Rangers forward J.T. Miller, which resulted in a four-game ban.
He's the dancer, cutting towards the net with extraordinary grace like he did score his third goal of the season on Wednesday against Toronto. He's the chameleon, using stevedore strength to swat away defenders before popping back into finesse mode and deftly flipping the puck over a goalie's shoulder into the smallest of scoring windows.
He's the dressing room boss, gathering up a teammate's clothes and tossing them into a cold tub to make a point.
He's the outsider, never quite good enough for Team USA's liking.
He's the 6-foot-5, 260-pound freak blessed with so much speed and power that even bumping another player while playing the puck can fool the naked eye and result in a call from the Department of Player Safety, like his recent brush with Montreal's Brendan Gallagher.
He's the King of Winnipeg, where more fans wear his jersey than any other and leap to their feet when he revs up for one of his charges. He's the sensitive sort, who, while mourning the death of his grandfather, allowed his in-season weight to rise to 302 pounds.
He's the mad photo bomber, always looking to get in on the action when a teammate is being interviewed or photographed.
He's the guy everyone wants on their team and the guy no one wants to play against. He's the game-breaker who can put his team ahead in an instant but can also lose focus and make a costly error at just the wrong time.
He's no game manager. He's a home-run hitter who is willing to live with the accompanying strikeouts.
youtube embed
Just like Byfuglien is difficult to pin down as a player, he's also hard to define as a person. And the latter is by design.
“He's a great teammate,” says Florida Panthers GM Dale Tallon, who was part of the Chicago Blackhawks management team that Byfuglien joined out of junior. “A guy that really cares about his teammates and his team and winning. He's a very kind and good-hearted person. He's one of those Pied Pipers. Guys want to be around him and they want to follow him. He's got a real nice way about him, a real nice personality. I had him on my team and I loved him.”
Byfuglien was born to a single mother in Roseau, Minn., and raised in small-town fashion. His grandfather, Kenny Byfuglien, put him on skates and friends and family taught him the way around a hockey rink, a fishing boat and a deer stand. Byfuglien is as much Survivorman as he is Bobby Orr.
“Buff doesn't like the spotlight other than when it's on the ice,” says Ben Hankinson, who has been Byfuglien's agent for more than a decade. “He loves to be at the heart of a game but not in the middle of a public conversation.
“Who is Buff? Who knows Buff? Those are great questions. He's different things to different people. But at the heart of it all, he's one of the best people I've ever been associated with. He was 18 and I got a call from his mom's boyfriend asking if I would consider representing him. So I made my calls and I kept hearing he was a trouble-maker. But I also kept hearing he was a once-in-a-lifetime talent. So I drove up to Roseau and spent a lot of time with him before I made a decision. The bad apple stuff? I never saw a bit of it. He keeps his friends forever and he's got lots of them from many different walks of life. He's just a really, really good guy and if he lets you in, you can't help but fall in love with him.”
Inside the Jets organization, Byfuglien is beloved. His teammates look to him for leadership. Last season, when former teammate Evander Kane crossed the line of some dressing room codes, it was Byfuglien who took the matter into his own hands, tossing the power forward's clothes into frigid water and leaving them to soak.
"I'm sure you have rules in your household," Byfuglien said of the incident. "And if the kids don't stick to it, you've got to discipline them. It is what it is."
Byfuglien, who at one point last season told his agent to let Jets general manager Kevin Cheveldayoff know if he didn't trade Kane he would someday have to move him, didn't go rogue. He had the support of his teammates.
"There's a standard that everybody needs to live up to," said Blake Wheeler. "We're professionals. We make a lot of money. That's the code we live by. If you don't like it then there are other places you can go. This is the way we do things."
Winnipeg is a small place. He's the most popular athlete in Winnipeg but he's found a way to make it work for him. It's no fishbowl where Byfuglien is concerned.
“I was in Winnipeg last year and we went for a beer after a game with (Jets defenceman) Adam Pardy,” recounts Hankinson. “We're having something to eat and I look up there's a guy with his phone and he's filming Buff, waiting for him to take a sip of his beer. I asked him if he wanted me to tell the guy to stop. ‘Nah. I can't tell people to stop taking pictures or filming me. It's part of the job.' He likes to keep his private life separate but he understands the people in Winnipeg have passion. And he thinks the people are generally good people. So it works for him. Winnipeg is a good fit for Buff.”
When Paul Maurice arrived in Winnipeg, Byfuglien was playing forward as part of a last-ditch experiment instigated by previous coach Claude Noel. Maurice hadn't liked all of what he'd seen from Byfuglien on defence and insisted he stay at forward.
Over time, however, Byfuglien wore Maurice down and when injuries piled up early last season, the coach gave him his chance, but with the caveat that Byfuglien play the right way or be prepared to go back up front. Maurice wanted some game sound decision-making to go along with the remarkable talent.
He got it and Byfuglien since hasn't spent more than a handful of power-play shifts at forward. Prior to injury and suspension slowing him down last season, he had an outside chance at Norris Trophy votes.
Now 30, a husband and a father of two young children, Byfuglien is on the precipice of free agency. The Jets want to keep him but so far talks have been limited. Term is an issue and so is cash value.
What's he worth and for how long? It's up for debate. Just like all things Byfuglien.
He's unpredictable at times, as reliable as an old friend at others. Byfuglien remains a riddle. Take your pick, there's no shortage of opinions. But don't be surprised if before long he has you changing your mind.
Frustrating? Yep. Remarkable? Truly.
There's a saying around the Jets dressing room which gets uttered quite often.
“That's just Buff being Buff,” they say.
It's the perfect blanket statement to cover hockey's most unknowable and unpredictable star.
Hillary Clinton, speaking to the LULAC National Convention at the Washington Hilton. (Melina Mara/The Washington Post)
Speaking to a gathering of Latino activists, Hillary Clinton said Thursday that the fate of comprehensive immigration reform -- and the broader character of the country -- rests on whether she or Donald Trump prevails in November.
“We're not just choosing a president and commander in chief this fall,” Clinton said at a conference of the League of United Latin American Citizens in Washington. “The choices we make will say a lot about who we are.”
The presumptive Democratic nominee derided her Republican opponent for “running the most divisive campaign of our lifetime,” calling him “someone who thinks Latino outreach is tweeting a picture of a Taco Bowl.”
[Clinton lambastes Trump as unfit to lead a country dealing with race, violence]
Seeking to make a sharp contrast, Clinton pledged she would introduce a comprehensive immigration reform bill within the first 100 days of her administration and said she is committed to expanding President Obama's plan to defer deportations, despite a major legal setback in the Supreme Court last month.
“I know how important family is, and I want to do everything I can as president to keep families. together,” Clinton said. “There's nothing more important to families who live in fear and anxiety.”
Immigration became a flash point early in the 2016 presidential election cycle, with Trump calling for mass deportations and sparking controversies over his characterization of Mexicans as “rapists” and of a federal judge of Hispanic heritage as unable to impartially preside over a lawsuit against Trump University.
Clinton referenced those controversies in her remarks Thursday, dwelling on Trump's characterization of U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel as a “Mexican judge” -- which Clinton called “a cynical calculated attempt to fan the flames of racial division.”
“Judge Curiel was born in Indiana,” Clinton said. “Last time I checked, it was part of the United States.”
Clinton's appearance Thursday came less than a month after a deadlocked Supreme Court did not revive Obama's stalled plan to shield millions of undocumented immigrants from deportation and give them the right to work legally in the United States.
Clinton stressed her commitment to pursuing Obama's initiative, known as Deferred Action for Parents of Americans and Lawful Permanent Residents, and to continue the use of executive actions to broaden the stalled program's scope.
She also pledged to push Congress to adopt broader immigration reforms, warning that Trump's election would be a huge setback in that regard.
“Whether we get it done will depend on this election,” Clinton said.
Bludgeon of political correctness has taught us that we are not to ask any such questions of the emerging, politically correct, status quo.
Leading Us Down The Aisle
The former Democratic senator from Pennsylvania, Harris Wofford, has announced his plans to marry his boyfriend, Matthew Charlton, this weekend. To most anyone over 30 years old (who might not have heard about this engagement) the news should naturally still knock a bit of the wind out of you. When I see an announcement of marriage where both the names of the intended are male (or female), I am old enough, and have sufficient common sense to see that at least the unconventional is (again) being put in front of me for any number of reasons - least of all, for my information. In this case, it amounts to nothing more than marketing.
At ninety, Harris Wofford is experienced enough to know that he is effectively dropping a gauntlet before what is left of the shriveling remnant of any Americans who might openly take issue with his behavior here. But he doesn't have to say a word in explaining himself to people who still feel as I do - because PC America has been adequately programmed to respond for him. And that machine must now begin to walk under its own steam. Call this a test run. Most of us baby boomers were given no explanation of the morality that was largely imposed upon us by rote. Parents are supposed to teach by example - but, in the past sixty years especially, so many have dropped the ball in making that handoff. In the mid sixties, electronic media saw that fumble, and immediately seized the opportunity to lump anything that smacked of morality, prudence or discretion into pitiful caricatures like Archie Bunker, Boss Hogg or George Jefferson. And it worked. Big network TV quickly realised its power to shape our thinking. It began refining its ability to mold a wide-eyed, gullible audience into whatever mindset the biggest money demanded. And the old landmarks the Bible told us to keep in place have been falling like a house of cards ever since. What used to be considered valuable wisdom and godliness, liberal media has ‘exposed' as outdated and/or ‘hate speech.' Today more and more people are just folding up and backing away from even acknowledging the twist that is evolving in the American perception of right and wrong, good and evil. It's because few people are any more equipped to understand or defend it.
I first read Harris Wofford's autobiographical sketch in the New York Times, as well as a summary piece in the Washington Post telling all the world how he'd arrived at the relationship and his decision to marry Matthew. The photograph he provided to the Post stands as justifier all by itself. At first glance it appears to be maybe that of a happy grandfather and grandson with their arms around each other's backs enjoying a balmy Florida sunset. So if I might dare to disagree with Wofford's enlisting the mightiest press in the world to showcase this marriage as unquestionably perfect, I will first be seen as a total redneck bully in not showing a bit of respect for this pastoral vision of sublime union. But all the consensual validation that the gay lobby can buy won't attenuate what most people my age will for a moment feel, regardless how well free America has been media-trained, socially intimidated or even litigated into silence. Mine was a spontaneous, heart-level reaction, and in no way a premeditated one. And for that I am supposed to feel guilty, I guess. The thing that so offends me in Wofford's unveiling here certainly has nothing to do with the fifty years age difference between them, or even that they are gay. I'm not outraged that both men appear to be quite happy and careless of my reaction. They and a now comparatively huge percentage of America are quick to tell any critics that our checked feelings are of no importance. Okay, I've got that. What does most disturb me is that Wofford is old enough to know better than to do this circus. And, again, I am not talking about his gayness. I'm talking about the massive credential he is currently lending to the politically correct machine that used stupid strawmen like Bunker, Hogg and Jefferson to lace up and rein in the minds of a plurality of stupid people who actually lean upon such icons for direction. Harris Wofford is a type of Superman. He is an ultra-achiever who was centrally involved in turbulent formative ‘60s America, and was integral in assisting with and advising JFK's official interaction with the groundbreaking civil rights movement. As that was playing out, he and its Abraham Lincoln, Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., apparently became good friends. The man is big and connected with all the heaviest liberal movers and shakers. Most everything he's done has been in front of a lot of people - and therefore he bears much responsibility. He is a leader, and great part of good leadership is a careful mindfulness for those who are watching his lead, and how they will be affected by it. And he totally knows that. I think this spectacle can only help in clearing the path for the gays who are now portrayed as the last trailblazing pioneers for civil equality. But to me he is showing a complete disregard for at least half of America, and the world, that isn't quite done with God or the conscientious perception our Creator pointedly designed for our happiness and safety. Wofford is an older model of the same stuff I am made of. And he knew perfectly how AND WHY his complicity with what has torn a gash in the Episcopalian church he was raised in would also serve to rend a significant portion of a limping America. And he doesn't seem to care! Harris Wofford is a gifted leader. He's been given much, and from him much is expected. He completely knows that he will now again affect the lives of millions, and he is not leaving quietly. In the midst of all this marital bliss there is nothing naïve about the senior groom here. When he sent his story to the Times, he was deliberately putting all of this homosexuality in my face, and I am supposed to keep shut about it and take it. Wofford understands completely my revulsion. It has nothing to do with an invented hatred for gays. It has everything to do with the fact that the God of the Bible (another ‘thing' 21st century sophist ‘experts' are laboring to kill) is - in its traditional understanding - roundly against the sexual union of two of the same sex. I don't for a moment presume to look down my nose at or question the love these two men have for each other. I can't know or judge anyone's heart. And that is not my business. I only know that one of the two sides of this story is being bound and gagged by a formerly free press that has been purchased to spearhead that effort.
When the whole gay awareness issue began to heat up and really hit the streets back in the late ‘80s, a state Supreme Court justice friend qualifiedly unveiled for me the ludicrous notion of gays litigating people (specifically employers) in suits regarding discrimination. Gays often compare their struggle with that of African American's - but there is little similarity. The very wise jurist said to me, “How does one certify gayness? How do I know that the plaintiff isn't lying about his ‘identity,' and using me and my court to rob someone? I can easily confirm a person's skin color, physical condition or deformity. And, short of that evidence, how can I be fair?” At the base of every legitimate dispute is the question of right and wrong. And when wrong can't prevail through the rules that govern the right, the only thing left to do is to thoroughly obfuscate and overhaul what we qualify as ‘legitimate.' An increasing number of the cases allowed to breathe in a courtroom today are beyond ridiculous and shameful. And as to my judge-friend wanting proof that a plaintiff is gay, the bludgeon of political correctness has taught us that we are not to ask any such questions of the emerging, politically correct status quo. And Harris Wofford's many years of momentum in moving people will now serve as a giant bulldozer intended to push the dirt in over the last of voices like mine, those who believe in a final court that will eternally vindicate our dissent.
Only YOU can save CFP from Social Media Suppression. Tweet, Post, Forward, Subscribe or Bookmark us
Dave Merrick, Davemerrick.us is an internationally known and published artist whose works reach into the greatest diversity of audiences. Known primarily for his astoundingly lifelike portraiture, Merrick's drawings and paintings grace the walls of an impressive array of well-known corporate and private clientele. Many of his published wildlife pieces have become some of America's most popular animal imagery.
He has more original work in the Pro-Rodeo Hall of Fame than any other artist. His wildlife and Southwestern-theme work is distributed internationally through Joan Cawley Galleries of Scottsdale AZ.
Please adhere to our commenting policy to avoid being banned. As a privately owned website, we reserve the right to remove any comment and ban any user at any time.Comments that contain spam, advertising, vulgarity, threats of violence and death, racism, anti-Semitism, or personal or abusive attacks on other users may be removed and result in a ban.-- Follow these instructions on registering
The University of Connecticut will pay $1.28 million to settle a lawsuit filed by five students who charged that the university had treated their claims of sexual assault and harassment with indifference, the two sides announced on Friday in a joint statement.
One of the complainants, Silvana Moccia, a former hockey player at the university, will receive $900,000. Ms. Moccia charged that she was cut from the hockey team after reporting her rape to her coach. She joined the lawsuit in December, a month after it was filed by the other four women, who will receive payments ranging from $25,000 to $125,000.
The university continues to deny any wrongdoing and defends its policies of responding to instances of sexual misconduct, but it decided to settle the lawsuit because “no good would have come from dragging this out for years as it consumed the time, attention and resources — both financial and emotional — of everyone involved,” Lawrence D. McHugh, the chairman of the university's board of trustees, said in a statement.
In a news conference on Friday, Gloria Allred, the plaintiffs' counsel, said the settlement was in the best interest of her clients and of the university. “We hope that other victims of sexual assault will hear about the positive results in our case involving UConn and be inspired and encouraged to report instances of sexual violence and assault,” Ms. Allred said, adding, “Title IX is there for their protection, and other universities should follow the law and UConn's example.”
>France's Prime Minister Manuel Valls has announced an action plan that will make the battle against hatred into “a great national cause,” a plan that will include awareness programs and enhanced punishment for online hate speech, with stiffer prison sentences for hatred-based crimes. The superficially admirable plan springs from honest outrage on Valls' part — but outrage that has undergone a disquieting sea change since it was first expressed.
After the Charlie Hebdo and kosher-supermarket massacres in January, you may recall, Valls delivered a passionate, widely circulated speech on anti-Semitism in France, declaring the problem of Jewish flight so serious the French Republic must be judged a failure if Jews left en masse. Then, Valls pulled no punches regarding the source of the crisis: “We are at war with terrorism, jihadism and Islamist radicalism.”
That January cri du coeur
offered truths that were the gift of spontaneity. With time for second thoughts (and who knows what political pressure), the message Valls now delivers is quite different. Last week the prime minister told suburban high school students: “Racism, anti-Semitism, hatred of Muslims, of foreigners and homophobia are increasing in an unbearable manner in our country.” He added, “French Jews should no longer be afraid of being Jewish and French Muslims should no longer be ashamed of being Muslims.
Valls' capitulation to France's pre-Hebdo default of moral relativism is sad to behold. Valls' outrage now sees anti-Semitism not as a singular problem, rather as only one of multiple hatreds, and no more distressing than hatred of foreigners (who?), gays and — of course — Muslims.
The truth, which Valls understood very well in January, is that there is no hatred for any group in France equivalent to that of Jew hatred, routinely expressed in virulent hate speech, vandalism, beatings and murder. Foreigners, gays and Muslims are not fleeing France. The institutions of foreigners, gays and Muslims are not being guarded around the clock. Fifty-five per cent of hate-driven acts are not happening to foreigners, gays and Muslims, but to Jews (1% of the population).
Social and employment-related discrimination are problems for French Muslims, but discrimination is not hatred, and has been historically overcome by many immigrant communities everywhere on the road to integration. Most disturbingly, Valls' likening of actual Jewish victimhood and legitimate collective Jewish fear of Islamist terrorism to some Muslims' feelings of shame regarding Islamist terrorism is an offensively false analogy.
Seven thousand Jews left France in 2014. France is reaping what she sowed
The only true hate crisis in France is anti-Semitism. In November, 2014, a French poll revealed disturbing levels of anti-Semitism amongst French Muslims, as well as “tolerance for violence targeting Jews among a rather significant percent of the population.” According to Simone Rodan-Benzaquen, Paris-based head of the American Jewish Committee, most Muslims are anti-Semitic, a sentiment that rises in tandem with religious orthodoxy, but which crosses all lines of age, socio-economic status, levels of education and districts. In February, Rodan-Benzaquen confessed herself frankly pessimistic regarding Muslim Judeophobia in France: “It is possible that it is too late,” meaning too late for France to ensure Jewish safety.
Seven thousand Jews left France in 2014. France is reaping what she sowed. For many years, pro-Arab French politicians and media willfully misread the normative anti-Semitism of all Arab societies as a by-product of the Middle East conflict. Intent on relativizing what has always been a one-way hatred, French elites demoted Jews from their appropriate status of French nationals, as Ashkenazi Jews have been for more than 200 years, into a “community of immigration,” falsely accusing them of “communautarisme” (disloyalty to French republicanism), and shamelessly mischaracterizing Muslim anti-Semitism as a problem of “the two communities,” both in need of “inter-religious dialogue.”
Post-Second World War anti-Semitism has been a serious problem in France since the 1980s, when it was imported from North Africa, where it was endemic. Yet it was, until a few years ago, actually a government policy, in collaboration with France's pusillanimous media, to ignore hundreds of acts of anti-Semitism so as not to “throw oil on the fire” of Muslim rage.
[np_storybar title=”Read & Debate” link=””] Find Full Comment on Facebook
[/np_storybar]
Valls' nuanced reframing tells us France is not prepared to tackle the root cause of its only existential hate crisis. So French Jews can choose: a continuing siege existence in a nation whose fear of its alienated Muslims trumps solidarity with its integrated Jews; or a new home in Israel, under external siege to be sure, but a nation where Jewish lives are privileged over political correctness.
French Jews at least have a choice. The rulers who created the conditions that are forcing the choice don't. They're stuck in France. Who will be better off in the end?
National Post
bkay@videotron.ca
Twitter.com/barbararkay
Barcelona in February means two things: the start of Carnaval, and the yearly Mobile World Congress (MWC) exhibition and conference. Every major company in the smartphone and tablet world (uh, with one small exception) will be showing and announcing high-profile mobile products for 2012.
Expect to hear countless variations on the theme of how the mobile experience is transforming everything (except possibly the MWC website itself, which could benefit from a quick course in mobile browser optimization). Coming fairly hot on the heels of the largely uninspiring transitional mood of the Consumer Electronics Show (CES) 2012, one may certainly wonder whether MWC could actually have much more to offer. Sure, there's been an extra month to recover from the floods in Thailand, and an extra month for everyone who failed to hit their CES deadlines. But even in the hyper-accelerated world of mobile progress, should we expect to see anything truly innovative?
Quad-Core Tegra 3 and high-powered smartphone graphics
Most MWC attendees are looking forward to actual hands-on time with handsets powered by Nvidia's quad-core Tegra 3. Most MWC attendees are looking forward to actual hands-on time with handsets powered by Nvidia's quad-core Tegra 3. Fujitsu kinda had one at CES , but does a simulated product behind glass really count? Look to Barcelona to see if Fujitsu is on schedule with a more substantial release, and Njoy Nvidia's spectacular displays of power representing various manufacturers (hopefully they'll do more than pretend to play Skyrim ). Considering the power packed into peripherals like the Sony Vita, despite the numerous apps already available on smartphones, it's surprising no one has invented a bonafide gaming smartphone. Sony, given its PS Vita highs -- and the lessons it's learned from its PSP Go lows -- would seem to be an ideal candidate for such an entry into the market. Whoever does decide to create a hybrid gaming rig and mobile phone will make obscene amounts of money.
HTC Endeavor and other smartphone contenders
HTC seems to be the one to watch, with rumors of the HTC seems to be the one to watch, with rumors of the 4.7” ICS Endeavor (a.k.a. Edge) making the rounds . HTC's move from Qualcomm to Nvidia is significant, but HTC is still releasing new Snapdragon models -- including the Ville , another expected to be a MWC announcement. LG is also anticipated to have a Tegra 3 model at MWC, along with a range of potential releases that covers 3D, Windows Mango, 5” displays, NFC and Snapdragon-based phones (not all of which will come in a single device, of course).
AcerCloud: A challenger to iCloud's smartphone cloud computing
An Acer press release touted an award for the Acer press release touted an award for the upcoming CloudMobile phone , a technically unannounced model which boasts ICS and highlights the AcerCloud. Announced at CES, the company's cloud storage product has been greeted with more than a little criticism in certain quarters for similarity to Apple's iCloud (the features, the presentation and even the fact that it only syncs with Acer products).
Sony Xperia Ion: Its codenamed siblings Kumquat, Nypon and Pepper will be revealed
Although we've already seen the Xperia S, Sony really does have four phones in the Xperia NXT line. In addition to the confirmed and glimpsed AT&T-bound Ion, the USPTO itself provides Although we've already seen the Xperia S, Sony really does have four phones in the Xperia NXT line. In addition to the confirmed and glimpsed AT&T-bound Ion, the USPTO itself provides evidence for an upcoming “Sola” and leaked Sony memos mention code names Kumquat, Nypon and Pepper. Initial feedback has been very positive about the Xperia look and specs (dual-core 1.5Ghz, 12MP camera, NFC, etc.), although as usual Sony reserves some of its best functionality for a closed Sonysphere. In addition to PlayStation Certification and Sony Entertainment Network access, there are promises of “effortless sharing of content with easy connectivity across multiple screens within the world of Sony.” Those eagerly awaiting the rumored quad-core flagship model will most likely be disappointed, though.
iPad Killer: Galaxy S3 is skipping the MWC
Similarly, although there's still a slim chance that we'll see an iPad killer at MWC, Similarly, although there's still a slim chance that we'll see an iPad killer at MWC, notably excited tablet junkies will have to go back to holding their collective breath for the Galaxy S3. Along with confirming that the next-generation Galaxy tablet would not be unveiled at MWC, Samsung apparently won't even be having a press conference . Samsung will still man a booth and reportedly even be “introducing and demonstrating exciting new mobile products at Mobile World Congress 2012” according to the company's press release (the just-announced Samsung Galaxy S Advance among them). Because a press conference was never scheduled, it hasn't technically been ‘cancelled' -- it just seems that way, since Samsung had MWC press conferences announcing major products for the last several years in a row.
Apple: The invisible elephant in the room
The most interesting twist on this non-news is that Samsung may actually be looking to The most interesting twist on this non-news is that Samsung may actually be looking to launch its own show , echoing Microsoft's abdication of the CES keynote -- and perhaps even more tellingly, Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference. Yes, it's no secret that the biggest name in phones and tablets will again be a no-show at MWC, but as usual, you'll be able to feel Apple's presence everywhere -- from comparisons and lawsuit speculations right down to the change in the MWC's February scheduling. There's a new iPad lurking in the bushes, you know...
Miscellaneous: The less visible, though no less innovative tech
Personally, I find the less-covered tech to be more interesting. Take the good old Fraunhofer Institute for Telecommunications, who will be showing off their advances in
If you're attending MWC 2012 and want a glimpse of something beyond Q1 2012, look for
Also worth a look are some of the nominees for Global Mobile Awards; along with those damn Angry Birds, those deserving of recognition include Enterproid (a Personally, I find the less-covered tech to be more interesting. Take the good old Fraunhofer Institute for Telecommunications, who will be showing off their advances in "judder-free" standards-based mobile video . It's not exactly a new concept, but the Hertzvolks are getting us ever closer to that glorious day when we won't have to worry about stuttering, buffering or resorting to (shudder) low-definition video streams.If you're attending MWC 2012 and want a glimpse of something beyond Q1 2012, look for predictions of 2022 made by luminaries from AT&T and Intel, as well as Lars Hard of ExpertMakers (whose vision of AI-assisted search could leave Siri tongue-tied) and Ambarish Mitra of augmented reality company Blippar.Also worth a look are some of the nominees for Global Mobile Awards; along with those damn Angry Birds, those deserving of recognition include Enterproid (a BYOD dual-persona platform ), Thrutu (a collaborative calling app that actually lets you use your smartphone's features within a phone call ), EtherSmart LTE 1.0 (because who doesn't want a better antenna?) and the AirVantage M2M Cloud Platform -- one of the biggest first steps toward a potentially huge leap for business in particular, and toward the Internet of Things in general.
Legal disclaimer: Images for illustrative purposes only. Not for commercial use or re-sale. Use of Sony, Asus, Nvidia, HTC, Acer, Samsung and Apple brand subject to regulatory approval.
Supporters of charter schools, homeschooling and other forms of school choice are so used to fighting in the trenches against the state's muscular teachers unions that they often forget how much progress they've made in the last decade or so. Recent events have shown the degree of progress, even if they still face an uphill—and increasingly costly—battle.
The big news came from a local school-district race, although it wasn't just any school district but the second-largest one in the nation. Charter-school supporters won two school board seats (there's still some vote counting in one of them) in the massive Los Angeles Unified School District, and handily disposed of the union-allied board president. The race was followed nationally, and set the record for the most money spent on a school-board race in the United States, ever.
The total cost was estimated at $15 million, with charter supporters spending $9.7 million, according to estimates from the Los Angeles Times. Typically, choice supporters get eaten alive by the teachers'-union spending juggernaut. It's usually good news if our side can at least raise enough money to get the message out, but it's a shocker—in a pleasant way—to find the charter folks nearly doubled the spending of the union candidates.
Various reformers, including Netflix cofounder and Democrat Reed Hastings, invested serious money in the race. He donated $7 million to one charter group, the Times reported. Another top donor was former Los Angeles Mayor Richard Riordan, a moderate Republican, who spent more than $2 million. Once again, we saw that this was not some right-wing attack on unions. Victory didn't come cheap, but it's hard to understate the importance, from a reform perspective, of having a major school board run by a pro-charter majority.
LAUSD's school Board President Steve Zimmer led the board in March to make a controversial—and largely symbolic—vote in favor of one of the more noxious school-union-backed bills to get a hearing in the state Capitol. Some charter supporters say Senate Bill 808 could be the death knell for most of the state's charter schools, yet Zimmer's support for it appears to have badly damaged his re-election chances. That's another good-news event.
SB 808 is a brazen attempt to bring charter schools under the total control of local school districts, many of which are hostile to their very existence. According to the Senate bill analysis, "This bill requires all charter school petitions to be approved by the governing board of the school district in which the charter school is located, prohibits a charter school from locating outside its authorizer's boundaries, and limits the current charter appeal process to claims of procedural violations."
If educators wanted to create a charter school within any district in California and that district is run by a union-controlled school board that hates charters, then there would no longer will be any real workaround if the bill passes. That's because the bill would wipe out appeals to the county and state level, except for some minor procedural matters.
Furthermore, the bill would let school boards decommission or reject charter schools if they are a financial burden. As the 74 Million blog reports, "that argument could be made about any charter, as state funds follow students as they leave school districts." The bill allows the board to revoke a school's charter upon a variety of broad findings, including any improper use of funds or "sustained departure" from "measurably successful practices," or "failure to improve pupil outcomes across multiple state and school priorities..."
So, one instance of improper use of funds could shut down a school. Imagine if that standard were applied to the LAUSD itself, given its scandals. Charters succeed because they have the freedom to have a "sustained departure" from the failed union-controlled teaching policies. Under this bill, the core of their success could be cause for their shut down. And no school can always improve pupil outcomes in every category. These things take time, and measurements can be subject to interpretation.
In other words, the bill would place the fate of California's charter schools in the hands of those most committed to their destruction. Given that the makeup of school boards can change every election, it would destroy any security parents could have in these schools: one successful union board election could mean the beginning of the end for the school, as union-backed boards use these new "tools" to dismantle the competition.
But there is good news. The bill was recently shelved, turned into one of those two-year bills that is technically alive but going nowhere fast. The Democrats control the state Capitol and the California Teachers' Association arguably is the most powerful force under the dome, but many Democrats representing low-income districts aren't about to mess with successful charters.
In other words, charter schools have come into their own, and we're probably well past the point that the unions could so directly stomp them. They'll do what they can to harass and hobble them, but such frontal attacks remain symbolic. And the courts continue to have their say, and frequently end up siding with the charter-school movement.
For instance, in late April the California Fourth District Court of Appeal ruled in favor of Anaheim parents who want to use the state's parent-trigger law to turn a traditional public elementary school into a charter school. Under the trigger law, a vote by 50-percent of the student body's parents can force low-performing schools to change the administration or staff, or revamp themselves into a publicly funded charter with more teaching flexibility.
The school district was adamantly against the change and made various challenges to a 2015 court decision approving the trigger. This is another victory for charter schools in California, although it has to be dispiriting to parents who have to continually fight in the courtroom while their kids get older. It's been two years since the court approved changes at the school, which already has delayed improved education for two more class years.
But the court's decision is still encouraging news, as the cultural sands shift in favor of educational alternatives, especially for low-income kids.
California candidates already are lining up for the 2018 gubernatorial race to replace Jerry Brown, who has been friendly to charters. One of the candidates is Delaine Eastin. She's a close ally of the teachers' unions. In the early 2000s, when she served as the superintendent of public instruction, Eastin tried to essentially outlaw homeschooling throughout the state.
California's education code doesn't directly mention homeschooling. The state's compulsory education law mentions only an exemption for "children who are being instructed in a private full-time day school by persons capable of teaching … ." Homeschooling parents have long embraced a state-approved work around: They register as small private schools with their respective county boards of education.
Under Eastin's leadership, however, This homeschools were required to file with the state Department of Education rather than the counties. And then Eastin sent a letter to district officials explaining that homeschooling as it is generally understood (parents without a teaching credential who teach their kids at home) "is not authorized in California, and children receiving homeschooling of this kind are in violation of the state's truancy laws."
Yet I talked to Eastin recently and she said she recanted her position long ago after getting quite an education from homeschooling parents. She even described herself as a supporter of charter schools. As with everything, we must follow Ronald Reagan's advice for dealing with the Soviet Union ("trust, but verify"). But what does it say when one of the most dogged allies of unionized public schools now takes a position acknowledging the importance of parental choice?
It says that we're making progress. It's frustrating, plodding and expensive. But such progress should keep charter supporters encouraged as they head into the next round of battles.
This column was first published by the California Policy Center.
When Donald Trump loses the presidential election, Republicans and conservatives will start looking for people to blame. That is, if Trump concedes. To the constantly growing list of outrages against common decency and democratic traditions Trump has committed throughout this campaign we can now add sowing mistrust about the legitimacy of our electoral system. Trump is fomenting an hysteria amongst his already fanatical supporters that, when he loses, could lead to civil disorder and even violent insurrection.
The Trump campaign's hunt for turncoats has already begun. Among Trump's most die-hard supporters, literally nothing their candidate has done or could do will ever convince them that nominating a racist, dictatorial, misogynistic, conspiratorial, sociopathic, reality television show star for the highest office in the land might have been a bad idea, never mind unpatriotic. No, they will say come November 9, Trump's loss will have been the fault of, in the words of Laura Ingraham, a “globalist cabal” of Republicans-in-name-only and highfalutin conservative intellectuals who refused to support the nominee. “I will hold all these arrogant ‘Never Trump' people accountable after they have sabotaged DT,” Fox News host Sean Hannity angrily tweeted in August.
Let's be clear: Trump backers have no one but themselves to blame for having foisted a mentally unstable man-child with literally no redeeming qualities upon the country. So determined are they to avoid responsibility for this that they have crafted an elaborate theory assigning culpability for Trump's impending defeat not upon the candidate but those who warned he would lose. Considering these conservatives' soft spot for Weimar-like stab-in-the-back myths, a more fitting historical analogy for the confrontation we're soon to witness amidst the rubble of the GOP is the political state of affairs in postwar Berlin. Like the victorious Allies who worked to rid Germany of National Socialist influence, so too will the GOP need to cleanse itself thoroughly of the cowards, opportunists, and authoritarians who collaborated in the rise of the closest thing this country has ever had to a nationwide fascist movement. What's needed after Trump loses isn't, as writers more magnanimous than I have proposed, an amnesty wherein everyone simply forgives and forgets, but something closer to de-Nazification, or the “lustration” of communist officialdom that Central and Eastern European countries carried out after the collapse of the Soviet Union.
For as much as the candidate and his supporters like to portray his campaign as a bottom-up movement that successfully seized the reins of power from a resistant cabal of Republican elected officials and conservative elites, the Trump phenomenon was all along aided and abetted by people in positions of influence and responsibility who repeatedly displayed a shocking lack of judgment, moral courage and patriotism.
Herewith is a list of those individuals and institutions that made a conscious decision to enable a ludicrously unfit reality television show star in his quest to become leader of the free world, thereby conscripting themselves in what has become a Russian influence operation, and thus taking America to the brink of disaster.
I'll always remember where I was when (1) Chris Christie endorsed Trump. Christie was first of the 16 Republican presidential contenders to support the eventual nominee, and his announcement was all the more startling coming from a twice-elected, moderate Republican Governor with solid “establishment” credentials. Christie's endorsement was a decisive moment, opening the floodgates for other Republican elected officials to back Trump. Almost immediately after joining the Trump Train—and in a sign of things to come for others who would hop on it—Christie began debasing himself, audibly taking orders from Trump on the campaign trail and allegedly fetching him fast food. Despite the serial humiliations, Christie has remained one of Trump's most servile surrogates, defending the nominee's five-year history of challenging President Barack Obama's citizenship with arrant nonsense such as, “It wasn't like he was talking about it on a regular basis.”
In the summer of 2015, Buzzfeed's McKay Coppins reported rumors that Trump was secretly funneling cash to (2) Breitbart.com in exchange for favorable coverage. Today, considering the seamless integration of Breitbart as a quasi-official mouthpiece into the Trump campaign (whose new CEO Steve Bannon was previously chairman of the conservative website), that allegation is moot. Breitbart.com is now the leading voice of the “alt right,” an innocuous euphemism for the peddlers of white nationalism, xenophobia and conspiracy theory invigorated by Trump.
Trump has broken with GOP orthodoxy on a whole host of issues ranging from free trade to entitlement reform to foreign policy. So one would think that, if Trump's threatening violence at the Republican National Convention did not prevail upon party officials to oppose his candidacy, his repudiation of GOP policies would. Yet (3) Reince Priebus and the (4) Republican National Committee he chairs have done nothing to resist Trump's rise. On the contrary, Priebus blocked any attempt to challenge Trump from the floor of the convention and has gone so far as to threaten penalties against those Republican presidential candidates who refuse to endorse Trump.
What makes Priebus's betrayal especially egregious is that he was the RNC Chairman who commissioned an “autopsy” on the party's 2012 electoral loss urging greater Republican engagement with women, youth and minorities. These are precisely the groups most repelled by the man Priebus now embraces, riding on his private jet like a giddy school boy. Decent Republicans should oust Priebus from the party chairmanship; the only job suitable for him is cleaning toilets at Trump Tower.
Not long ago, (5) Sean Hannity berated Republicans who failed to meet his absurdly high threshold of conservative ideological purity. Today the Fox News host has become Trump's most sycophantic media supplicant, regularly hosting the candidate for televised “town halls” that are little more than campaign rallies. Bluto Blutarsky meets Brick Tamland with a little bit of Archie Bunker thrown in. This meathead, overgrown frat boy would have made a fine broadcaster on East German state television circa 1973 so boundless is his ideological flexibility and opportunism.
According to Republican operative Dan Senor, (6) Mike Pence once told him that Trump would be “unacceptable” as the GOP presidential nominee. Fast forward a few months and the Indiana Governor, facing a competitive reelection, accepted Trump's offer to become his running mate. The ostentatiously Christian Pence remains loyal to Trump, whom he describes as “this good man,” despite Trump's admission (in essence, to Billy Bush and Howard Stern) to being a sexual predator. Many of the Republicans now calling upon Trump to leave the ticket have suggested Pence take his place, as if the vice presidential nominee wasn't tainted by putting a more respectable, professional gloss on what is an explicitly racist and authoritarian political enterprise.
When (7) Newt Gingrich assumed the House speakership after the 1994 Republican revolution, he included NATO expansion in his fabled Contract with America. Today, echoing the Kremlin-friendly rhetoric of the Republican nominee, Gingrich shamefully says that Estonia—one of America's strongest allies in Europe and a NATO member in good standing—is a “suburb of St. Petersburg” and not worth defending from Russian attack, despite our sacred treaty obligation to do so. Gingrich's embrace of Trumpism (and its attendant ideological contortions) has been one of the more remarkable debasements of this election season, proving once and for all that this porcine pseudo-intellectual is not only a moral disgrace but also a complete and utter fraud.
When he ran for president in 2008, former New York City Mayor (8) Rudy Giuliani campaigned on an embrace of the Bush Doctrine. Now, he supports a candidate who accuses George W. Bush of “not keeping us safe” and lying America into war. When the tape of Trump bragging about “grabbing” women's genitalia became public, Giuliani was one of the few Trump surrogates willing to go on television in his defense. Though his anti-crime policies were often the target of unfair criticism from lefty civil libertarians, Giuliani's hysterical defense of the despotic Trump means that no one can reasonably deny his authoritarian instincts, and we should shudder at how “America's Mayor” might deploy them were he to receive a cabinet appointment in a Trump administration.
Perhaps due to her beauty, serene composure, and ability to translate her father's half-literate ramblings into semi-coherent policy proposals, (9) Ivanka Trump has remained unscathed by her father's 16-month effort to ruin the family name. Which is inexplicable, because all that Ivanka's involvement in this campaign has revealed is that she's the pretty face of a white nationalist political movement, a truly bizarre place for a University of Pennsylvania-educated, Upper East Side doyenne to wind up. As for her husband, the pathetic and pussy-whipped (10) Jared Kushner, he is equally if not more appalling in his role as the Jewish facade of a campaign steeped in anti-Semitic innuendo. Trump's thuggish sons (11) Donald Jr. and (12) Eric would be hawking flyers for $150 suits on Sixth Avenue had they not been born into massive wealth, and if actual billionaire Mark Cuban is right that the “stigma” attached to the Trump brand is permanent, the inheritances of the entire Trump brood will be wiped out and they'll be forced to undergo some sort of humiliating, permanent pauperization a la Trading Places.
As Republican leaders in the Senate and House, respectively, (13) Mitch McConnell and (14) Paul Ryan could have communicated to their caucuses that non-endorsement in this year's presidential race was a viable option. Instead, they behaved as gutless followers, refusing to embrace Trump wholeheartedly but endorsing his candidacy nonetheless. For their trouble, they have had to repeatedly and explicitly condemn Trump's transgressions against decency and common sense, all the while telling voters that this man is equipped to be President of the United States.
The trio of Trumpkin CNN talking heads (15) Kayleigh McEnaney, (16) Jeffrey Lord and (17) Corey Lewandowski are the Baghdad Bobs of this election cycle, literally willing to defend any and all of Trump's absurdities. Their motto might as well be the title of the classic 1989 John Cusack film: say anything. No one ever heard of these grasping opportunists before the summer of 2015 and if they're lucky no one will remember them after this election is over.
Like many of the GOP operatives who have glommed onto him, pollster (18) Kellyanne Conway was once a Trump critic, accusing him of building “a lot of his business on the backs of the little guy” and “saying things that aren't true.” Conway, who made a name for herself as the go-to consultant for GOP candidates trying to appeal to women, now finds herself defending a sexual predator in her role as Trump campaign manager.
Throughout the GOP primary, Trump ridiculed (19) Marco Rubio as “little Marco.” One of the first candidates to really hit hard at Trump on the campaign trail, Rubio rightly called him a “con man” and an “erratic individual” who could not be trusted with the nuclear codes. Shortly after dropping out, however, Rubio endorsed the man who just weeks earlier he had warned could bring about nuclear holocaust and said he would be “honored” to speak on his behalf at the Republican National Convention. Little Marco indeed.
His supporters claimed that (20) Ted Cruz's refusal to endorse Trump at the GOP Convention was a characteristic example of his commitment to principle. But Cruz's reputation as a politician who would never sacrifice his sense of integrity has always been undeserved. Since entering the Senate in 2012, Cruz cultivated the very sort of rejectionist, radical right constituency Trump later exploited, and he was chummy with Trump throughout the first six months of the race, hoping to win over the frontrunner's base. It's only fitting that Cruz is now manning Trump phone banks trying to convince people to vote for the man who speculated that his father was involved in the JFK assassination.
The California-based (21) Claremont Institute bills itself as devoted to “Recovering the American Idea,” namely, individual liberty, constitutional democracy, and small “r” republicanism. Which is why it's so bizarre that Claremont would emerge as the leading center of intellectual advocacy for Trumpism, an ethno-nationalist, populist creed that scorns the very ideals upon which this country was founded. About 20 “Claremonsters” —people associated with the Institute or its intellectual godfather, the deceased political scientist Harry Jaffa—signed a declaration entitled “Scholars and Writers for America” in favor of Trump.
None of the conservative movement's constituencies has been so supportive of Trump as evangelical Christians, with the troglodytic triumvirate of (22) Ralph Reed, (23) Tony Perkins (23) and (24) Jerry Falwell Jr leading the flock. These are men so shameless, craven and hypocritical that they expect their endorsements of an admitted sexual predator and perpetual adulterer to be taken seriously after having zealously supported the impeachment of Bill Clinton on account of his sexual ethics.
Finally, no list of Trump enablers would be complete without the plurality of (25) Republican primary voters who awarded him their nomination. These people, who would without question surpass Trump's loyalty test by supporting him even if he shot someone on Fifth Avenue, are just as Hillary Clinton described: deplorable.
Ridding the GOP of Trumpism and its enablers means more than just a few pink slips. To heal the corrosive damage inflicted upon the body politic by the Trump campaign's normalization of mendacity, rank bigotry and authoritarianism, conservatives must purge these people from polite society and shun them for the rest of their professional lives, much as William F. Buckley Jr. did with the John Birch Society. (Though I agree with George Takei, who writes in this space that those “transgressors and offenders” who “one day come to regret their actions and atone for their mistakes” ought to be forgiven.)
Everyone who played a part in this outrage, from the RNC bigwigs to the Breitbarters on down to the Pepe-the-Frog avatar-wielding Twitter trolls, need to face consequences for their dangerous and disgusting behavior. Let the record show that, when America came as close as it's ever come to electing a bona fide authoritarian president, the above individuals collaborated with evil.
Share. Director on eliminating Superman's greatest weakness. Director on eliminating Superman's greatest weakness.
Exit Theatre Mode
Director Zack Snyder talks up his upcoming Superman reboot Man of Steel in the latest issue of Entertainment Weekly, dropping a mini-bombshell on a key piece of the superhero's mythology that's been excluded from the movie.
“I'll be honest with you, there's no Kryptonite in the movie,” Snyder said. Man of Steel hopes to humanize Superman, but by giving him new flaws and vulnerabilities. Superman actor Henry Cavill said, “Although he is not susceptible to the frailties of mankind, he is definitely susceptible to the emotional frailties.”
Interestingly, EW also saw footage from the film and reveals that in the movie little Kal-El is special even on his doomed home planet of Krypton, where his birth is said to cause alarm among some citizens.
Meanwhile, /Film has posted some scanned images from the EW cover story on Man of Steel. Click the pic below to check them out.
Here's the latest synopsis via the movie's official Facebook page: "A young boy learns that he has extraordinary powers and is not of this Earth. As a young man, he journeys to discover where he came from and what he was sent here to do. But the hero in him must emerge if he is to save the world from annihilation and become the symbol of hope for all mankind."
Man of Steel opens June 14.
From roughly 1995 to 2010, we've seen technology evolve at an alarming rate. We were still excited about cordless phones and CDs when we suddenly saw the onset of the Internet, mobile devices, flat screen TVs, online banking and so much more.
Some of these changes have had an effect on our finances, for better or worse. Let's take a look at what changes have occurred over the past 15 years and how they have affected our bank accounts.
How Has Technology Changed Our Finances
Technology has evolved so much since 1995 that it would be overwhelming to try to look at each new gadget that has wowed us since that time. So instead, we will explore technologies according to some major activities we participate in and how our finances (and lives) have changed as a result:
(Click on the image for a larger version)
Newer Technologies Have Affected Our Wallets for the Better
What's interesting about the technological advancements we've witnessed in the past 15 years is that they really haven't had a huge effect on our finances. In fact, if technology has affected them in any way, they've reduced how much we spend.
Here are a couple of reasons that this seems to be true:
1. Many Old Necessities Are Becoming Obsolete
Some products and services that we once couldn't live without are no longer necessary (i.e. camera film, paper, stamps, envelopes, landline phones and services, magazines, newspapers, resource books, CD and DVD players, etc.). While some have been replaced with new necessities like computers, cell phones and wireless capabilities, you are now able to accomplish a multitude of activities with one product or service.
2. Competition Is Driving Prices Down
Companies are competing for customers to buy their latest gadgets, something that has resulted in a significant drop in prices since 1995. Take the following example:
In 1995, many retailers were selling 40-inch console tube TVs for prices of around $3,000.
In 1997, Phillips introduced one of the first plasma TVs to be sold in retail stores. It was 42 inches with 852 x 480 resolution and cost a whopping $14,999!
In 2010, one retailer offered a Sanyo 50-inch plasma TV with 1280 x 720 resolution for $499 on Black Friday, which is a monstrous drop from the prices of both types of TVs listed above.
It's for this reason that many experts recommend you don't buy the hottest tech toys when they are first released and avoid purchasing infomercial products until their prices come down. Instead, you could focus on saving money by thinking about what you could live without until the time is right.
The good news is the numbers in the chart show that despite us seeing some of the most amazing technological advancements in history, the impact they've had on our finances in the past 15 years actually appear to benefit us.
So while we may pay inflated prices in some areas of our lives–the Consumer Price Index (CPI) shows that we now pay roughly 65 percent more than we did in 1995–the level of convenience we enjoy these days makes the cost well worth it.
I'm re-reading all the declarations released last December in the Jewel case (the EFF-tied lawsuit challenging the dragnet) … because I'm like that.
But I also want to call attention to details in this court filing challenging James Clapper's most recent declaration about what has been declassified. In addition to pointing out that far more has been declassified on the upstream collection and the ineffectiveness of the phone dragnet, but contrary to court orders, the government is still withholding some declarations.
Those declarations are:
April 9, 2007 notices indicating FISC Judge rejected early bulk orders
October 25, 2007 government challenge to motion to protect evidence, with ex parte NSA official declaration (submitted in Shubert)
April 3, 2009 supplement motion to dismiss
October 30, 2009 supplemental memorandum on points of authority
November 2012
Given that we have a much better understanding of the relative happenings in the dragnets, I wanted to lay these dates out.
Prism, for those that didn't know, is an app that allows you to keep track of all your bills and stay organized. Prism connects with all of your billers and automatically notifies you when a new bill is due. You can use Prism to pay your biller directly and there are no fees or strings attached.
Prism currently has a Windows Phone app (titled: Prism Bill Pay), a Windows Store app, as well as an app on Android and iOS. A Prism user reached out to the company on Twitter and asked if they plan to release a universal app for Windows 10. Prism responded by saying yes.
@stilo602 Definitely planning to, once Microsoft releases their new virtualization platform SDK that will allow us to port from iOS/Android! — Prism (@PrismMoney) July 17, 2015
This is obviously great news for those of you who are Windows supporters. Once Windows 10 RTM is released, Project Astoria will become available and provides Universal Windows Platform Bridge toolkit that will enable developers to build Windows 10 apps for phones by reusing developers' Android code. This will open up a whole new world of possibilities. You can sign up for the limited developer preview of Project Astoria here.
How do you feel about companies porting their existing Android/iOS apps to Windows 10 rather than creating brand-new experiences? Share your opinions in the comments below.
Thanks for the tip, David!
Share This
Further reading: Android
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The murder of Kremlin critic Boris Nemtsov has dampened any hope for a peaceful political transition in Russia away from President Vladimir Putin's government, Garry Kasparov, a prominent opposition voice, said in an interview on Sunday.
Former world chess champion and political activist Garry Kasparov attends a news conference at a lawyer's office in Paris, October 16, 2014. REUTERS/Philippe Wojazer
Kasparov, a former world chess champion who lives in self-imposed exile in the United States, offered a gloomy outlook for Russia's political opposition after Nemtsov was shot dead meters from the Kremlin late on Friday.
“Boris hoped, in vain as we understand, to see some form of peaceful transition into normal, civilized democratic government,” Kasparov told Reuters, describing Nemtsov as one of Russia's leading advocates for non-violent political expression.
“I see no chance for Russia now to move from Putin's brutal dictatorship into something that will be even (as) mild as we had 10 years ago,” he said, predicting it could take a violent mass uprising if change was to come.
Nemtsov, 55, was one of the leading lights of a divided opposition struggling to revive its fortunes, three years after mass rallies against Putin failed to prevent him returning to the presidency after four years as prime minister.
Russian authorities have suggested the opposition itself may have been behind his shooting in an attempt to create a martyr and unite the fractured movement.
Kasparov joined supporters of Nemtsov who suspect Russian authorities were behind the killing, sending a clear message to anti-Putin activists.
“It's a signal to everybody that's engaged in opposition activities that all bets are off,” Kasparov said.
“We're not going to waste time to prosecute you ... pretending that we are respecting the rule of law. We'll simply eliminate you.”
Kasparov said he had no bodyguards in the United States and did not feel that his life was in danger as long as he stayed out of Russia. He also said he would not return to Moscow, even to attend Tuesday's funeral service for Nemtsov.
“I don't buy one-way tickets,” he said.
Asked about whether he had any political strategy going forward, Kasparov was blunt: “I have no strategy. It's not a game of chess. In chess you have rules.”
He said there appeared to be little room for political activists in Russia to maneuver, let alone to develop a political strategy.
“What kind of strategy (is there) if you can get killed?,” he said.
Supporters cheer as President Trump walks out to speak during a campaign rally in Nashville on Wednesday. (Jabin Botsford/The Washington Post)
— Soon after Charla McComic's son lost his job, his health-insurance premium dropped from $567 per month to just $88, a “blessing from God” that she believes was made possible by President Trump.
“I think it was just because of the tax credit,” said McComic, 52, a former first-grade teacher who traveled to Trump's Wednesday night rally in Nashville from Lexington, Tenn., with her daughter, mother, aunt and cousin.
The price change was actually thanks to a subsidy made possible by former president Barack Obama's Affordable Care Act, which is still in place, not by the tax credits proposed by Republicans as part of the health-care bill still being considered by Congress.
It has been difficult for many Americans to keep up with the changes brought by Obamacare and exactly how the Republican proposal, if enacted, would affect their lives. But for Trump's most dedicated supporters, it's simply easier to trust the president is making things better and will follow through on his promise to provide “insurance for everybody” and “great health care for a fraction of the price.”
McComic said she's not worried about her disability benefits changing or her 3-year-old granddaughter getting kicked off Medicaid or her 33-year-old son's premiums going up.
“So far, everything's been positive, from what I can tell,” she said, waiting for Trump's rally here to begin Wednesday night. “I just hope that more and more people and children get covered under this new health-care plan.”
McComic says she has never trusted a president the way she trusts Trump. Ahead of the election, she and her relatives turned their cars into a “Trump train” and drove across Lexington, waving flags and shouting: “Trump! Trump! Vote for Trump!”
“We said: ‘Who else would we do this for, besides Trump?' ” McComic said. “We agreed on the Lord. We would stand here for the Lord, but that's about it.”
Trump waited until the final minutes of his speech that night to discuss health-care restructuring. He glossed over the details of the legislation, blaming its troubles and complex path to enactment on Democrats and urging his followers to not believe their “dishonest attacks.” And he did just enough to distance himself from the bill, describing it as a plan created by House Republicans “based on the principles I outlined.”
“The end result is . . . it's going to be great,” the president said to gentle applause. “It's going to be great.”
Tennessee has become one of the GOP's go-to examples of why the Affordable Care Act is not working. Premiums for plans offered to state residents through a federal exchange skyrocketed last year — especially for those who earn too much to qualify for subsidies — and competition has dried up, with residents of most counties having access to only one insurance company.
Serge Martin, a 63-year-old optometrist from Murfreesboro, said he doesn't particularly like the proposed legislation but considers it a “framework to get started with” that will be strengthened before it passes.
Serge Martin, 63, a doctor of optometry and Trump supporter, in an exam room in Murfreesboro, Tenn. (Jabin Botsford/The Washington Post)
Martin and his wife purchase health insurance through the exchange and have watched the price climb each year. For 2017, there was only one insurance company offering coverage in his area, UnitedHealthcare, and the couple's bill now totals $1,800 per month, with prescriptions costing another $250. With a deductible of $6,400, they rarely go to the doctor.
“There just aren't any alternatives,” he said. “That's the problem. There are no choices.”
Martin earns too much money to qualify for subsidies, but under the Republican legislation, he would be likely to receive a tax credit of several thousand dollars — although by the time that perk kicks in, Martin will probably be old enough to switch to Medicare. In the meantime, he's using savings to pay the bills.
His friend Tim Weinberger, a 48-year-old owner of a small maintenance company, doesn't have that kind of cash and hasn't had insurance in at least a decade. The last time he saw a doctor was six years ago, after an accident. When Obamacare first started, Weinberger said, it would have cost him about $250 per month for a plan, which he couldn't afford. He assumes the price is even higher now. So Weinberger goes without insurance, as do his two employees. When filing his taxes, Weinberger says, he claims to have insurance to avoid having to pay a penalty he considers unfair.
“It would be nice to have a doctor,” he said, “just to check in on every once in a while.”
As several thousand of Trump's supporters converged in the historic Municipal Auditorium on Wednesday, more than 2,500 protesters gathered outside. They urged their fellow Tennesseans to not trust the president's vague promises and to study the Congressional Budget Office's score of the bill, which estimates 24 million fewer people will have health insurance coverage by 2026 and that Medicaid would be cut by $880 billion over 10 years.
Tim Weinberger, 48, a maintenance-business owner and Trump supporter in his home in Murfreesboro, Tenn. (Jabin Botsford/The Washington Post)
Many of these activists have been fighting for years for the state to expand Medicaid coverage under the Affordable Care Act, which it never did, and now they face a future that's even bleaker. They warn that the proposed legislation is likely to lead to fewer children and pregnant women receiving care, less funding for nursing homes and rural hospitals, dramatic cuts to mental health and drug treatment programs, and less support for the disabled.
“People are going to die, and that's the bottom line. People are going to die because of what we're doing with this legislation,” said Sharon Cox, a former pediatric nurse who was once a director at a children's hospital, during a news conference ahead of Trump's visit.
As Trump's supporters walked past these protesters, some said they weren't sure what or whom to believe. Several said that while the Republican plan isn't perfect, they believe it's probably better than the Affordable Care Act and its plans, which can cost more than a mortgage payment.
A 51-year-old history teacher from Alabama said his 27-year-old son was kicked off the family plan on March 1 and has yet to find an affordable alternative. A 53-year-old self-employed construction worker watched his premium go from $133 per month several years ago to $803 this year, even though his income didn't change. A couple in their 50s who own a manufacturing plant in Decaturville say they stopped offering their 60 employees health insurance several years ago when plans on the exchange were cheaper — only to see the cost of those plans skyrocket beyond their employees' means.
When the federal health exchange launched, Nancy Ware, 58, researched plans for her son, who works in the service industry and is now 35. At first, she said, he covered the cost of a $250-per-month plan. When it jumped to about $500, she covered half of the cost. Last year, when it grew to $700 per month, he decided to go without coverage and pay the fine, according to Ware. Now, she said, the price tag is $900 per month, which would have been half of his wages.
Ware is a landscaper and often works near Section 8 housing in the Nashville area, and she becomes furious when she sees residents who “drive better cars than I do, they have weaves and hair color better than I can, they have manicures.” As Ware, who is white, waited in line for the rally to start, a group of young African American protesters walked by, and she yelled at them, “Go cash your welfare checks!”
“He gets penalized on his income taxes, while these people that don't know how to pull their pants up can go get it for free,” said Ware, whose employer covers the full cost of her health care. “Make it even. Make it balanced.”
Ware hopes that Trump can change this, although she says she won't fault him if he can't. She doesn't believe news reports saying that 24 million people could lose their coverage under his plan.
“Nothing is in concrete yet. Give the man a chance,” she said. “Until you hear it from Donald J. Trump himself — and not the news media — then don't even worry about it. Wait until you hear the man say it, because he will tweet it, he will Facebook it or he will go onto national television and tell everybody at the same time.”
Sweeping new anti-terrorism legislation introduced by the federal government Friday would make it illegal to promote or advocate terror acts, a crime punishable by up to five years in prison.
It would allow security officials to block websites, and government agencies to share citizens' personal information for the purpose of battling terrorism.
And it would include placing people on a no-fly list if they planned to travel abroad to join groups such as Islamic State, or ISIL.
The legislation, titled the Anti-terrorism Act 2015, is the most dramatic package of new laws since the Anti-terrorism Act of 2001, passed in the aftermath of the Sept. 11 terror attacks against the United States.
The new legislation would relax privacy restrictions, allowing government departments to share with national security authorities information on everything from passport applicants to individuals' income tax data if there are reasonable grounds to suspect the information would be relevant to a threat to the security of Canada.
And it would lower the legal threshold for police to obtain a warrant to arrest individuals who have committed no crimes and hold them in custody for up to seven days, instead of the current three days.
Many of the proposed powers would require prior consent from federal or provincial attorneys general, and need court-approved warrants. As well, the review organization that oversees the operations of the Canadian Security Intelligence Agency (CSIS) would be required to report annually on CSIS's use of the new “threat disruption warrants.” Still, the package of measures unveiled Friday has raised concerns from some civil libertarians.
Related
But, speaking at a community centre north of Toronto, Prime Minister Stephen Harper defended the changes, saying that “jihadist terrorism” is the greatest threat the world faces.
“We cannot avoid the stark reality: jihadist terrorism is not a future possibility, it is a present reality,” Harper said. “Violent jihadism is not just a danger somewhere else – it seeks to harm us here in Canada, in our cities and in our neighbourhoods through horrific acts.”
“It would be a grave mistake to ignore their threats.”
Harper said the bill will help police and security agencies combat terrorism, but added it would be unfair to give the impression that it would prevent all attacks.
“We will continue to do our best and we will continue to move forward with other measures as threats evolve.”
Public Safety Minister Steven Blaney said the killing of a soldier in St-Jean-sur-Richelieu, Que., and the shootings on Oct. 22 in Ottawa, in which Cpl. Nathan Cirillo was killed, showed the government it needed to act.
“It was and still is a call for action,” Blaney said. “We then said we would not over-react, but we would not under-react.”
The proposed law would allow the CSIS agents to physically “disrupt” threats to the security of Canada, including terrorism, espionage, sabotage, foreign-influenced activities, and domestic subversion.
A justice department official said the new, police-like powers for CSIS agents will not conflict with the anti-terrorism investigations carried out by the RCMP under the Criminal Code.
“They're going to work closer together,” he said.
Here is a guide to the legislative changes introduced Friday:
Spy games
Wish Canada had its own James Bond? Until now, the Canadian Security Intelligence Service (CSIS) has only collected and analyzed information about threats to Canada, and has advised the government on how to react.
The Conservative government wants CSIS to start taking action to address threats to Canada. That could include anything from disrupting websites and social media accounts to intercepting goods and weapons.
In addition, it wants the Federal Court to be able to compel third parties to co-operate with CSIS. An example would be a telecommunications firm being forced to provide the spy agency with cellphone records or to block a website.
Under the proposed legislation, CSIS's action would need to be “reasonable and proportional,” and consider other ways of dealing with the threat. The spy agency also couldn't kill or injure anyone, “obstruct, pervert or defeat” the justice system, or violate a person's “sexual integrity.”
Watching the watchers
CSIS reports to the public safety minister as well as the independent Security Intelligence Review Committee (SIRC), whose members are appointed by the prime minister.
But the Conservative government eliminated CSIS's internal watchdog in 2012, and a Federal Court judge blasted the agency in 2013 for misleading him when it requested additional eavesdropping powers. Opposition parties have been demanding more oversight for years.
Under the proposed legislation, CSIS's threshold to disrupt a threat to Canada would be higher than its traditional intelligence-gathering activities; while it needs to “suspect” something is a threat to gather intelligence, it will need to “believe” something is a threat to intervene.
CSIS would also need a warrant to deal with a threat if doing so would contravene the Charter of Rights and Freedoms or Canadian law. This is the same as when it collects intelligence. It will also specifically report to the public safety minister and SIRC about disruption activities.
But CSIS will not require a warrant or other authorization if its interventions do not run up against the Charter of Rights and Freedoms, or established law, and the proposed legislation does not re-establish CSIS's internal watchdog or create any new oversight body.
Show me the money
CSIS currently has a budget of more than $500 million. Will that increase as the spy agency's mandate grows to include disrupting threats to Canada, including terrorist activity? The government wasn't saying Friday, but one has to presume the organization is in line for an injection of cash. It also didn't talk about training.
Fighting the message
The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) and other such groups are using the Internet to spread their message and recruit followers. The government wants to stop that, as well as halting the promotion of terrorist attacks against Canada.
It is currently a crime to encourage others to commit a specific terrorism offence, but the proposed law would make it illegal to promote or advocate terrorist acts in general. The punishment? Up to five years in prison. The government compares this to existing laws against those who commit genocide.
Courts will also be able to order the seizure of terrorist propaganda, or have it removed from the Internet. The government is comparing this to existing child pornography and hate crime provisions.
Get them before it's too late
Weeks before Martin Couture-Rouleau struck and killed Warrant Officer Patrice Vincent with a car in St-Jean-sur-Richelieu in October, police tried and failed to restrict Couture-Rouleau's movements. Prosecutors said they didn't have enough evidence to get a peace bond.
To make it easier to detain someone before they commit a terrorist act, the government wants to reduce the threshold from suspicion that an offence “will be” carried out to suspicion that an offence “may be” carried out.
Judges could also impose new restrictions for up to a year on anyone suspected of planning a terrorist act. This includes giving up passports, staying in certain areas, or checking in regularly with officials. The maximum penalty for breaking the conditions would increase from two to four years.
Police would be able to hold suspects for up to seven days if it's believed doing so would be “likely” to prevent the carrying out of a terrorist activity, as opposed to being “necessary” to prevent a terrorist activity.
No-fly list
Introduced in 2007, the list has until now applied only to those suspected of being a threat to the airplane they were boarding. The government wants to expand it to include Canadians heading overseas to join ISIL and other terrorist groups.
Those on the list would be prevented from flying, or could be taken aside for extra questioning. The public safety minister is required to review the list every 90 days, but exactly who is on it is secret. Those who find out they are on the list can ask the minister to be removed.
What do you know?
Under the proposed law, specific departments and agencies would be able to share information, including Canadians' personal information, more easily. This could be proactively or in response to a request from another institution. The recipient would be able to share it with others as well.
The government says such information sharing would only happen when it is “relevant,” and that existing mechanisms already in place, such as the Privacy Commissioner and Auditor General's office, would continue to ensure a proper balance between privacy and national security.
– With files from Jordan Press, Ottawa Citizen
It's day 15 of Domestic Violence Awareness Month for men and boys, the invisible victims of domestic violence. “David” shares his childhood memories of his mother, who was more monster than parent. The image Axis II is an original work by David.
Mother or Monster?
In 1962, my Dad met my Mother. After they married, he worked as a mechanic at a reputable dealership and provided a good living, but they had problems. My Mom wanted a baby and a child was the one thing that would finally make her “happy.”
In late 1963, my older brother was born. Pregnancy was hard on my Mom. She had complications. My older brother was “puny” and had a lot of health problems. At this time, Dad said Mom started having “seizures” and uncontrollable fits of rage.
Due to complications, she was prescribed medication. The pain medications were very addictive and easily obtainable. Dad said the bickering escalated into a regular ordeal. Mom blamed Dad for everything, claimed he didn't love her and was obsessed with worry that he'd leave her. Things became violent (against him) and she threatened suicide regularly.
In 1964, she reluctantly checked herself in to a State Hospital and underwent two very intense weeks of “shock therapy.” After leaving the hospital, she appeared comatose and unaware of her surroundings.
According to Dad, she eventually “came back around” and seemed to be doing well. Unfortunately, it did not last and things began to unravel quickly. The medical bills started accumulating and Dad had to change jobs in order to keep up financially.
In late 1965, there was a psychiatrist who was known for “doing wonders” so Dad arranged for Mom to see him. After several unsuccessful sessions, she refused to go back. She refused to answer any questions and turned her anger on my Father and then the doctor.
Around this time, she would disappear for days on end, leaving Dad to find her and bring her back home. For the next couple of years, he bought nicer cars, homes, clothes — anything and everything she said needed to be happy. The drug use continued.
For every financial or material gain, Dad was inevitably told, “Not good enough. If you loved me I would have what so-and-so's wife has.” Once Dad found a way to get Mom what wanted, she changed the rules on him. She was very adept at twisting situations, so that Dad was always wrong. This kept him in a constant state of argument in which he had to defend himself against her accusations.
I was born in 1968 and was the spitting image of Dad. I believe this was the reason I received more of her anger as I grew and matured. Mom complained that Dad was always working, so he went back to his original job in order to be at home more. The medical bills started to pile up again in addition to more drug use, more fighting and more confusion.
My younger brother was born in 1970. He, like my older brother, was “sickly” and Mom had pneumonia during his delivery. Dad took a better job and moved us into a nicer house. We were the “Perfect American Family.”
That same year, Mom pointed a single bolt action .22 caliber rifle at Dad's chest. She became enraged at some insignificant incident from years back. She pulled the trigger, but it failed to fire.
Dad started talking to lawyers about divorce and getting custody of us kids. In those days, a man getting full custody was rare, almost as rare as it is today. The lawyers all told him the same thing — it's a waste of time and money. Divorce meant leaving his children. Dad was afraid we'd end up in a home with a man who may have been abusive to Mom and us. He was trapped in a Catch 22, so, he kept working, harder and harder.
In the following 5 years, Mom's prescription drugs and medical bills exceeded $75,000. In today's economy that's approximately $400,000. This was only year 5 of a 25 year marriage.
Around this time, Dad started sending us to our grandparents for the summer as a way to shield us from the unstable situation at home. This became an annual trek for the next 12 years. Looking back, those 3 or 4 months every year may have been the only thing that kept me sane.
Although it was a good for us kids, it made things harder for Dad. Mom became afraid of losing her kids. She accused my Grandmother of trying to take us away from her. She told people that my Father and Grandmother had “mental problems.”
We moved again in 1975 after Dad purchased a business. He worked all the time. I have memories of seeing Mom chain-smoking late at night on the couch while staring into the distance, the low hiss and flickering of the black and white static haunting the room like a ghost. Some nights, she wouldn't “see” you. Other nights, she would pull you close until you fell asleep. Insomnia combated by sleeping pills.
Then came that night. I was awakened by the sounds of screaming and arguing. It was very late. Then there was a gunshot.
I got up and walked into the hall. My older brother shoved me back in the room I shared with my younger brother and told us, “don't you dare come out.”
The only other words I recall from that night were, “I hope you fucking die!”
I was curled up in the corner of the room for what seemed like an eternity when the lights of the ambulance and police cars started reflecting off the opposite wall from our window. I went to the door, opened it and walked down the hall.
Our kitchen was classic 1970s avocado green. Blood was everywhere, the floors, the refrigerator, the phone, the counters. Red on green makes black. I was 7-years old. I watched them put my Dad in the back of the ambulance. The neighbors, in bathrobes and pajamas, lined the block.
My dad had worked late that night (trying to catch up on bills) and accidentally woke Mom upon his return. An argument ensued and, in a fit of rage, she took a .25 caliber pistol, from the cash register he had set on the counter, and shot him. My older brother ran to the neighbors' house and had them call for help.
I don't remember seeing my Mother that night, she was locked in her bedroom, I think. Detectives visited the hospital to pressure my Dad to change his story. He lied to the police, saying he dropped the gun and it went off. My Mom pleaded with him to lie and told him she would “get help,” which never happened.
Her only concern was not going to prison. This was, according to Dad, the ONLY time she ever apologized for ANYTHING.
Within three weeks, after almost bleeding to death in his own home, he had no choice but to do what he did best, go back to work. We went back to school and were expected to bring home good report cards.
The move to the country came in 1976. Our family's embarrassment was never-ending, Mom and Dad decided we'd be better off without neighbors. Dad had a house built. Their bedroom and bathroom was designed, down to the last detail, for Mom. Late one morning, she complained of “stomach troubles,” chaos commenced and Mom was rushed to the hospital.
I went to their bedroom and pushed open the bathroom door. It was a blood-bath.
The tub, toilet and floor, all light blue, were saturated with dark crimson red. Years of stress, drugs and poor nutrition had ulcerated her stomach and it ruptured. She fought for her life for a long time. She lost a lot of blood and they had to remove a large part of her stomach.
When we were finally able to visit her in the hospital, she was the closest thing to a living corpse I have ever seen. I was 8-years old.
She was forced to come home early. We were broke. Dad bought a recliner for the living room and that is where she recuperated for what felt like an eternity. The smell of healing flesh after such extreme surgery is indescribable. To this day, I can still recall it.
She battled infection after infection. There was no trash collection in the country. We burned all the clothes and rags that were used to clean her up. The smell of burning infected rags was awful. Things were eerily quiet for several months.
In 1977 after my ninth birthday, I witnessed Mom's first threat of suicide. Fighting with my Dad in the kitchen, she pulled a steak knife from the drawer, placed it to her wrist and screamed she was going to kill herself. I cried and begged her to stop. Of course, she blamed it on my Dad. “See what your Father has done?”
She would get physical with Dad and slap and claw at him. Dad defended himself as best as possible, never doing anything to hurt her or strike back. Once he would leave, either to work or just to “let things cool off,” she would show us her bruises and claim he was abusing her. If you denied her claims, she went into a “spin” routine to make you doubt your own memory and perception.
She told others the same lies. People believed her the majority of the time. All those years, Dad had to face people who thought the worst of him. If “Gaslighting” didn't work, Mom gave you the “cold shoulder” treatment, not speaking to you for days. Or she resorted to aggressive behavior either becoming physical or taking away your things.
Dad moved us back to town in 1978 in another attempt to please Mom. Now Mom added threatening to leave my Dad to her repertoire. More than once she emptied a bank account, packed our things, took us to an unknown city or across town, checked into a motel, ate pills and engaged in what's known today as Parental Alienation — the act of turning you against the other parent through programming and brainwashing with hate, fear and aggression.
She always went back home once the money or drugs ran out and ordered us to not say anything about what had happened. We didn't. Everyone pretended like nothing had happened. This was a regular occurrence over the years.
Overspending was always a problem. On one occasion, she bought a really expensive coat on credit. Dad said he was going to take it back. She went to the kitchen, got a large butcher knife and shredded it. Even though her closets were full of the best clothes, shoes and jewelry, she accused Dad of not wanting her to have “nice things.” Yet, I can remember her throwing my father's clothes off the front porch late at night, while screaming for him to leave and never come back.
Of course, the minute he tried to leave, she'd stand in the doorway, push his buttons in hopes of him becoming physically aggressive, berate him and yell that he was abandoning his children. It was the classic “I hate you, don't leave me” shtick and hitting Dad where it hurt the most to keep him confused and engaged in an argument to keep him from leaving.
I had my first case of kidney stones during this period. After spending a night at the hospital, I came home to find Mom eating my pain medication. We remained at this location for quite some time. Dad took a job on an off-shore drilling rig where he worked 30 days on and 30 off. It was another work-related move in an effort to make Mom happy.
Without Dad as a target, Mom eventually turned on us kids. Emotional blackmail was frequently employed. To keep us from telling Dad about doctor's visits (drug seeking), purchasing drugs or ungovernable spending, she held things over our heads for weeks at a time. If you got out of line, she held it over your head. If you didn't misbehave, she'd make something up. “This is the way it is and this is what you say, if not, your Father will be told this.” Or, she'd play the “good Mother” and buy us off with gifts.
Looking back, I remember my younger brother and I are accompanying her to doctors' offices and pharmacies as much as we were at school or playing. Although, I'm sure her health was an issue (no one can keep up with stress levels that high and addiction without being adversely affected), hypochondria was another way to feed her drug addiction and constant attention-seeking through sympathy.
Dad was making a very good living, but Mom pressured him to spend more time at home. Eventually, Dad quit the oil rig and purchased another business in the mid-1980s. Jealousy defined this marital era. Mom constantly accused Dad of infidelities. It got so bad he couldn't even look at another woman without an episode. It was ridiculous.
Mom's drug addiction was also escalating and things were really spiraling out of control. There is nothing like having to clean up your Mother's vomit after an overdose or removing cigarettes from her hand that had burned down to the filter as she laid unconscious on the couch at 4am.
I defended my Dad a lot as I got older. When I did, I was compared to him. I can't count the times I heard, “You're just like your damn Father” or “You're as worthless as your fucking Father.”
By 1987, Mom spent the family into near ruin again. Dad faced financial bankruptcy like so may times before and was forced to sell his business. In 1988, he got a job as a truck driver and I was about to leave for college. We moved into a small rental house.
Dad took me aside and told me that us kids were now old enough to make it on our own. I knew he was finally going to divorce Mom. She guilt-tripped me several times before I left for college and it always ended in arguments. She feared everyone was going to leave her and seemed very solemn and sad.
On December 8th, I got the call. My Mother had died of a heart attack, or that is what we were told. I still wonder if it was an overdose or suicide. She was 44-years old. During their 25 year marriage, Dad made millions of dollars. When all was said and done, he had to borrow money to pay for her funeral and headstone, so he could finally lay his wife to rest.
To this day, friends and family tell me how my Mom was the nicest lady they ever knew or wished they had a Mom like mine. You can only smile. They never saw that side of my Mother.
Arms races, naval or otherwise, get a bad rap. They are usually regarded as the military expression and consequence of the existing state of international relations, but they can also develop a momentum of their own, wasting money, exacerbating already tense relations between states and threatening to destabilize whole regions. Instead of reflecting policy as Clausewitz reminds us the military should do, arms racers determine it. All too often, moreover, they seem to make conflict more likely.
In the Asia-Pacific region many media outlets and pundits fear that a naval arms race is indeed developing and lament its possible consequences. It is not hard to see why— Whether it is Malaysia's Scorpene submarines, Vietnam's Kilos, India's unprecedented naval building program or China's new carrier the Liaoning and its carrier-killing ballistic missiles, naval modernization across the region is producing, if not always an overall increase in numbers, then at least substantially more impressive offensive and defensive naval capabilities.
And all of this is coinciding with, or even produced by, rising maritime tensions in the East and South China Seas. There are more narrowly focused tensions too, with analysts especially debating the dismayingly competition between China's “counter-intervention” strategies and capabilities, and the U.S.Air-Sea Battle construct. Vietnam's Kilos can also be seen as a more modest version of an anti-access/area-denial (A2/AD) strategy. These examples all suggest a worsening competition between “offensive” and “defensive”capabilities.
But is all this really developing into a naval arms race similar in style (and potentially effect) to the Dreadnought race that took place between Britain and Germany before the First World War – and even if it is, how serious might its consequences in the Asia-Pacific Region actually be?
While the answer to this question partly depends on how one defines a naval arms race, there are some major differences between pre-war Europe and the situation now. Most obviously—and with some exceptions like China, Singapore, and India— Asian countries today are devoting a far smaller proportion of their national treasure to defense than did Britain, Germany and the other countries of pre-war Europe. In general, naval armaments are making much slower technical advances than was the case a century ago, with acquisition programs around the area being more incremental, deliberate, and less determined by transformational technology. It is hard to think of a modern equivalent, for example, of HMS Invincible, brand spanking new and revolutionary when commissioned in 1909 but obsolescent when sunk at the Battle of Jutland seven years later in 1916.
Compared to then, technological transformation now is much steadier, and the importance of maintaining an edge over rivals more debatable, given the rise of asymmetric technological/political/legal alternatives and strategies. Crucially, few national leaders, diplomats, or even sailors talk in arms race terms, and they certainly do not justify their efforts by the need to “get ahead.” On the contrary policymakers make every effort to avoid publically naming possible adversaries that they need to build against.
A Democratic congressional candidate filed paperwork with the the Federal Election Commission (FEC) to create the Impeach Trump Leadership PAC.
Boyd Roberts, a California Democrat, submitted paperwork to the FEC that was received on Monday to establish the leadership PAC, a political action committee meant to raise money that will be donated to help other candidates and lawmakers.
It's not clear from the filing whether Roberts intends to use his PAC to back candidates who support impeachment.
Roberts also filed paperwork with the FEC to run against Rep. Dana Rohrabacher (R-Calif.) in the 2018 midterm elections. Rohrabacher has served his southern California district since 1989. The domain robertsforcongress2018.com exists, but nothing is there.
ADVERTISEMENT
Roberts has previously run for Congress, unsuccessfully running for Rep. Ken Calvert's (R-Calif.) seat in 2014 and dropping out before the filing deadline.
Some Democrats have already floated attempting to impeach Trump. Rep. Joaquin Castro (D-Texas) said earlier this month said Congress should consider impeaching him if he told agencies to ignore a judge's stay on parts of his travel ban.
But House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) recently tamped down talk of impeachment, arguing that while he has been “reckless,” Trump hasn't done anything that merits removal from office.
The resignation of Trump's national security adviser Michael Flynn late Monday night following reports that he misled senior White House officials about his conversations with Russia are prompting some lawmakers to call for investigations into Trump's connection to Russia.
At this year's Virus Bulletin conference held last month in Seattle, security researcher Patrick Wardle spoke about methods of malware persistence on Mac OS X.
The video of his very interesting presentation can be viewed here, and his paper has also been made available.
In the last few minutes of his talk, he presented a tool he made himself, and which shows users all the different persistent items (scripts, commands, binaries, etc.), that are set to execute automatically on their OS X machine.
It's called Knock Knock, and it's open source.
“Knock Knock is command line python script that displays persistent OS X binaries that are set to execute automatically at each boot. Since Knock Knock takes an unbiased approach it can generically detect persist OS X malware, both today, and in the future,” he noted on the project's GitHub page.
“It should be noted though, this approach will also list legitimate binaries. However, as Knock Knock by default, will filter out unmodified Apple-signed binaries, the output is greatly reduced, leaving a handful of binaries that quickly can be examined and manually verified.”
You should know a bit about OS X in general in order to actually sift through the results. You also need to know how to do things via the command line, as it's currently the only way to use the tool.
Even though the tool is still in beta, it's still worth a try if you believe that the AV solution of your choice is not good enough. Knock Knock was designed for OS X Mavericks, but it should work on older versions of the OS.
This Spanish city by the sea is a Mecca for many. Football fans throng here in thousands to catch a match, or just be in a city when there is a Barcelona match on. Art lovers come here to see modernism at its best, Gaud's best works are on display around the city. Party lovers come here for the eclectic vibe of Ramblas, and beach bums come here as it provides a gateway to the famed Ibiza islands and its proximity to the Costa Brava coastline. So much to do and so much to see in the fabulous Barcelona! And many of these things can be done for FREE! That's right! Here is a list of Free things to do in Barcelona. Save a few euros to spend it on the great Tapas shop next door when you are there.
10. Freak out on Modernisme Architecture
While you walk around the city, get your dose of Modersme architecture by the wonderful buildings designed by the eclectic Antoni Gaudi. Whether it's his masterpiece, the iconic Sagrada Familia, or the series of buildings on Passeig de Gràcia – the Casa Lleó Morera, the Casa Amatller and Gaudí's Casa Batlló. All his buildings have an entry charge, but you can always admire the architecture from the outside, the bulbous domes, the moody balconies, the artistic ledges. It's like a fairytale world, that he built and it's amazing to get a slice of it and be pleasantly surprised by its sudden presence during an unsuspecting walk!
9. Beach days
Everybody loves their day in the sun. The Barceloneta beach is a golden sand beach, a favourite with locals and tourists alike. People come here to sunbathe, for a swim or to catch a surf. During summers it tends to get quite crowded too, but you can always find a quiet corner and get your place in the sun.
8. Free walking tours
Take a free walking tour trailing Gaudi's architecture, or the Gothic quarter of the old city, an introduction to the old city of Barcelona. These themed tours are absolutely free, as in you won't be charged for admission into the group. At the end of the tour the guides can be tipped if you enjoyed their storytelling. We've tried these tours and most of them are really good, it's gets two thumbs up from us!
Also check: 12 FREE THINGS TO DO IN PARIS
7. Chill at Placa Reial
In the heart of the old city, is the sprawling Plaça Reial. It houses Gaudi's first commissioned works in the centre, which is a lamppost. He got the project by winning a competition. The Plaça is also a great spot for people watching. Plenty of cafes will welcome you, local musicians will serenade you and there is always something or the other happening here.
6. La Ramblas experience
The party capital of the city is La Ramblas, which is essentially a straight road, with a grand pavement in between. Thousands will walk you by and you will be awfully distracted by the shops, their bling, souvineirs, the cafes offering food and it is quite an overwhelming experience to be on this street. It is also in the thick of things, so right off it, is the Plaça Reial, and the Gothic quarters , with its cobbled streets and historic alleys, and on the other side is El Raval with its underground bars and street art. Each street off the Ramblas offers something new. Beware of unknown alleys in the dark though, muggings are common in the night , in lesser known lanes.
Also check: 12 Most Romantic Honeymoon Experiences
5. Free Museum days
Many museums in Barcelona have free entries on the first Sunday of a Month, the most noteworthy of them is the Museu Picasso. Housing his early works during his training days, it traces the journey of this city's favourite adopted son, from deft pre-adolescent portraits to sketchy landscapes to the intense innovations of his Blue Period. The journey then takes you to a gallery of mature Cubist paintings .A list of free museums can also be found here http://www.timeout.com/barcelona/museums/barcelona-museums-free-sundays
4. Santa Maria del Mar
While the tourists line up for the world famous Sagrada Familia, and get jostled by the crowds, many miss out on this spectacle right here in the heart of the Gothic quarter. Santa Maria del Mar was built at the time when the city's bustling sea trade brought it to prominence and was built in a record 55 years (cathedrals those days took upwards of a century to build). It is said to be one of the greatest examples of Gothic Catalan architecture. We've seen it, and it's a beauty!
3. Open air movie screenings at Cinema Lliure
Open air movie screenings near the beach! Barcelona has the perfect weather for watching outdoor movies and a few film festivals have popped up over the past few years. Among the free offerings is the Cinema Lliure, which shows independent films on Sant Sebastià beach on Thursday and Sunday evenings. This happens in the summer months of July, August. Sounds like a swell plan no?
2.Mercat de La Boqueria
Open markets are quite common in Spain, and food is a very essential part of Catalunian culture. So here you have a market, in the heart of La Ramblas serving you fresh food, from all kinds of fresh produce. From wheat, dairy, to oysters, local deserts, paella, you have it all right here. Go here for the food and the architecture, an afternoon must be spent here.
Also check: 5 Cheap International Flight Destinations for 2016
1. Free Flamenco performances
Yes, there are some restaurants right in the heart of the city that offer you a free Flamenco performance with your dinner. Some charge a 15Euros as a cover charge, but we are a tad more fond of the ones that don't ask you for this deposit of sorts. Walk in, order a drink and a meal and enjoy the flamenco performance there. The restaurants have sign boards outside to say that they are hosting a show that evening, and you can bookmark the lane and come back to be a part of it all!
Also check: 12 Amazing restaurants around the world with the best views
The Blueberry Trails organizes amazing Holiday packages for the traveler in you. For our upcoming tour schedule and International tours from Mumbai and for custom made Holiday Packages from India write to us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. or call at +91 8080 122 441 for further information.
Going for Gold: Colleges with the Most Athletes on Team USA in Rio 2016
Back to the blog
We're nearing the official kickoff of the 2016 Olympics in Rio De Janeiro. There are many questions and concern still swirling around the conditions of the country, but nonetheless, there will be millions of Americans cheering for our athletes to bring home the gold.
Many of our best, young athletes competing in the Olympic games are also college athletes. So we wanted to do an analysis of those competing to see which colleges have sent the most athletes to the Olympic games. Below, we compiled a graphic detailing number of athletes from the top colleges, and we also created a full table of the results, down below.
Full List of Athletes from the Top 31 Colleges on Team USA
Here's the full list of every athlete from the schools in the above graphic.
Share this article:
A Syrian doctor treats a boy following a suspected chemical attack in the town of Khan Sheikhoun. Credit:AP We've been here before. In 2013 a poison gas attack that killed an estimated 1400 and wounded thousands more in the Damascus suburbs was the crossing of a "red line" that former President Barack Obama had warned would trigger a military response. But Obama didn't bomb Assad's bunker. Instead Moscow, Washington and Damascus struck a deal under which Assad would surrender his chemical weapons arsenal to the international community.
A victim of a suspected chemical attack receives treatment at a makeshift hospital. Credit:AP But with Tuesday's horrific attack being one in a series since that deal was signed, it's clear that Assad held back some of his poisonous stocks. In 2013 Trump in particular and Republicans generally mocked Obama. A child victim of the chemical attack is treated at a makeshift hospital. Credit:AP But now Trump is President and the GOP rules Washington and the whole Syria mess is infinitely more complicated.
They own it, so what will they do about it? What can Trump do in the face of such a wilful demonstration by Assad of the seeming powerlessness of the world to deal with him? The attack coincided with a conference of European governments in Brussels, which pledged billions of dollars to rebuild Syria after the war so that the refugee masses in Europe might return home. While the White House was blaming Obama's inaction for Tuesday's attack, the State Department was blaming Assad and his Moscow and Tehran sponsors, with a spokesman urging the Russians and the Iranians to rein in Assad. White House spokesman Sean Spicer described the gas attack as a "reprehensible" act against innocent people "that cannot be ignored by the civilised world."
But in keeping with the administration's singular focus on countering IS, he insisted that the US was unlikely to change its thinking on Assad because of Syrian "political realities". "There is not a fundamental option of regime change as there has been in the past," Spicer said at his daily press briefing session. "Somebody would be rather silly not acknowledging the political realities that exist in Syria. "What we need to do is to fundamentally do what we can to empower the people of Syria to find a different way." Spicer refused to discuss actions Washington might take.
Then he went for Obama: "These heinous actions by the Bashar al-Assad regime are a consequence of the last administration's weakness and irresolution." As much as Obama loathed Assad, he worried that there would be a vacuum in the absence of the Syrian leader, which would be filled by the likes of IS, al-Qaeda and other extremist groups. Despite expressions of horror at the White House over this latest gas attack, Trump has not been unduly bothered by the carnage of a six-year civil war in which more than 400,000 are estimated to have died. Last year Syrian diplomats speculated that they would come under less pressure from Trump than from his rival Hillary Clinton if she was to win the November election. And sure enough, as reported this week by The Washington Post, when Blackwater founder Erik Prince had a secret parley with a close associate of Putin's in the Seychelles in January, an agenda item as they explored a Washington-Moscow back channel was a deal to resolve the Syria crisis.
Trump too has alluded to some kind of joint effort with Moscow in Syria. But that now becomes an even more complex proposition. Because Moscow has come to depend on Syria for a foothold in the Middle East, and in getting into bed with Vladimir Putin, Trump also would be cozying up with a trio that, in the eyes of most in Washington, is utterly unsavory – Assad, Tehran and the Lebanon-based Shiia militia, Hezbollah. Both Haley and Tillerson earned a ticking off from Republican senators John McCain and Lindsey Graham on their seeming indifference to the plight of ordinary Syrians. Warning against any "Faustian bargain" with Moscow, McCain used blunt language: "Syrians can't decide their fate as they're being slaughtered."
"Trying to fight [IS] while pretending that we can ignore the Syrian civil war that was its genesis, and fuels it to this day, is a recipe for more war, more terror, more refugees, and more instability. "I hope President Trump will make clear that America will not follow this self-destructive and self-defeating path." And in a statement after Tuesday's gas attack McCain seemed to dare Trump to not act against Assad: "Assad believes he can commit war crimes with impunity and [the question is] whether we will take any action to disabuse him of this murderous notion." Loading Accusing Trump of "the biggest mistake" since Obama had failed his own red-line test, he said: "I hope these reports are not accurate, but if they are the war in Syria will never really end as the Syrian people want Assad removed from power".
But in a sense, Haley and Tillerson were firming up what had been Obama's de facto policy – general inaction for fear of making an appalling civil war more appalling.
Donald Chan/Reuters A coal-burning power plant on the outskirts of Zhengzhou, Henan province, China, pictured in 2010.
As President Donald Trump's administration takes steps backward in the world's fight against climate change, China is ramping up its commitment.
Chinese Premier Xi Jinping on Tuesday made good on his promise to launch a national carbon market. Officials from the National Development and Reform Commission unveiled the highly anticipated emissions trading system during a conference call with industry and government representatives, the Australian Financial Review reported.
Though not as ambitious a scheme originally touted, the program — which will cover China's power sector in its first phase — has already overtaken the European Union carbon market as the world's largest.
“The launching of China's national emissions trading system is a
significant step in a long march toward a clean energy economy,” Zou Ji, president of Energy Foundation China, told HuffPost in a statement. “By launching, China sends a strong political signal internationally that China is keeping its global commitments, and is committed to the Paris Agreement.”
China has launched the world's largest #carbontrade market which is expected to include 1,600 power generation companies generating 3.3 billion metric tons of carbon. pic.twitter.com/OpnEYjAjVC — People's Daily,China (@PDChina) December 19, 2017
Xi vowed in 2015 to establish a nationwide cap-and-trade program that would set limits on greenhouse gas emissions and allow polluters to buy and sell emission credits. The idea had been for the Chinese marketplace to cover eight economic sectors, but that plan was whittled down for the program's launch.
China will start with its power sector, which accounts for 46 percent of the nation's carbon dioxide emissions. (The first phase of the cap-and-trade program will reportedly cover an estimated 39 percent of the country's emissions.) China says it intends to eventually expand the program to petrochemicals, iron and steel, and aviation, among other industries.
As Quartz reported, trading in the emissions credits won't begin until the regulations are fully fleshed out. Energy Foundation China said the market is expected to be fully operational by 2019.
If all goes well, experts say the program could help China hit its Paris climate agreement targets. The market could reduce China's carbon dioxide emissions by almost 30 percent by 2030, a rep for Climate Nexus told HuffPost on Tuesday.
A successful program may secure China's status as a climate leader, particularly as the U.S. retreats from what had been a prominent role.
Miguel Arias Cañete, the EU's climate action and energy commissioner, celebrated China's news in a laudatory tweet on Tuesday.
“This announcement sends a very strong signal: the world is changing with new, broad climate leadership,” he wrote.
EU welcomes launch of China's carbon market - China, the EU and many others are forging ahead with robust climate policies and measures. This announcement sends a very strong signal: the world is changing with new, broad climate leadership https://t.co/J6p0kruIEa 🇪🇺🇨🇳 #ETS pic.twitter.com/0iI90oyLYJ — Miguel Arias Cañete (@MAC_europa) December 19, 2017
Trump's administration on Monday made clear that it no longer considered climate change a national security threat, breaking with 20 years of military planning. Climate change was conspicuously missing from the White House National Security Strategy report, which described China as a “rival power” rather than a partner.
Trump, who infamously called global warming a Chinese hoax, has announced his intention to withdraw the United States from the Paris accord. Fifty world leaders recently gathered in Paris for a climate change conference. Trump was not invited.
China's goals for its new carbon market could prove challenging to achieve. As Scientific American notes, no carbon trading system in the world, including those in the EU and in California, has resulted in significant reductions in CO2 emissions.
China's slow start, however, may show the country's resolve, experts say.
by Dr. William L. Pierce (1978)
The following article is an elaboration of a portion of an address by Dr. Pierce to the General Convention of the National Alliance in September, 1978, entitled “The World View of the National Alliance.”
In the late Middle Ages there lived in Germany a remarkable scholar reputed to have unraveled Nature's mysteries and to be able to employ his knowledge in wondrous and magical ways. Some regarded him as a skilled alchemist, who had acquired his powers through diligent work: in the laboratory; others said he was only a trickster, who was more a master of sleight-of-hand than of alchemy; but most eventually came to regard him as a conjurer, who had made a pact with the Devil, exchanging his soul in return for knowledge and power.
The mysterious scholar was Doctor Johann Faust (c. 1480–c. 1538), and the many legends which grew up about him captured the imaginations of writers, poets, and composers in succeeding generations. Half a century after his death there was published in Germany a book comprising these legends, Historia von Dr. Johann Fausten, by Johann Spiess, which soon appeared also in English and French versions.
Late in the 16th century the English playwright Christopher Marlowe wrote his Tragical History of Doctor Faustus based on these legends. After that countless others took up the Faust theme: the theme of man striving to exceed his ordained bounds, seeking knowledge beyond that allotted to others.
The most noted writer in this vein was Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, the first part of whose long dramatic poem Faust was published in 1808. Drawing primarily on Goethe's treatment, Berlioz and Gounod, among others, composed operas. Throughout the 19th century and well into the 20th, symphonies, poems, plays, and novels dealing with the Faust legend continued to appear.
The subject evidently resonates with something deep in the European soul. In fact, one may easily see a precursor of the Faust legend in that of Odin, whose quest for truth and understanding led him to give up one of his eyes and to be hanged for nine days from the World Tree.
In the many versions of the Faust legend various elements are emphasized, but the persistent theme is that mentioned above: the quest of exceptional men for an understanding of life and Nature: the reaching out for a new level of existence, for a fuller development of latent powers.
It is from this persistent theme, rather than from the semi-historical account of the life of Dr. Johann Faust or from anyone of the fictional works using his name that we draw the meaning attached to the adjective “Faustian” today. The word refers to a spiritual tendency in the race which has shown such fascination down through the ages with the idea behind the Faust legend. It describes a fundamental urge or drive latent in the soul of European man—and active in a few exceptional Europeans.
The Faustian urge in our race-soul says to us:
Thou shalt not rest or be content, no matter what thy accomplishments. Thou must strive all the days of thy life. Thou must discover all things, know all things, master all things.
European man's Faustian urge is quite different from the urge in the Levantine soul to accumulate, to possess, the craving to pile up money beyond all reason, the lust for personal aggrandizement. And it is, of course, antithetical to what might be called the mañana spirit of the Latin peoples, which says to them:
Enjoy life. Don't hurry. You don't need to know what lies beyond the next ridge.
It is the source of both our basic restlessness as a race and our basic inquisitiveness. It is what makes adventurers of us, drives us to risk our lives in ventures which can bring us no conceivable material benefit—something which is totally foreign to other races, accustomed to judging everything according to its utility only.
It is the Faustian urge which has made our race the pre-eminent race of explorers, which has driven us to scale the highest mountains in lands inhabited by men of other races who have been content to remain always in the valleys. It is what, more than intellect alone, has made us likewise the pre-eminent race of scientists—especially in those days before the practice of science became a well-paid profession. It is what sent us to another world and has us now reaching for the stars.
But the Faustian urge is also more than all these things. It raises those imbued with it above the economic men, who, in the eyes of Western politicians and Eastern commissars, of labor bosses and captains of industry, of neo-liberal Democrats and conservative Republicans alike, are the sole denizens of the earth. It makes of man more than a mere consumer or producer. It is, more than anything else, the manifestation of the Divine in man's soul.
The opening scene in Goethe's Faust conveys the idea of the Faustian spirit expressed above: Faust is a restless scholar who has plumbed all of human knowledge but whose soul remains unslaked, his craving for ultimate truth unabated. Alone in his study, late at night, he gazes with a mixture of awe and desire on the sign of the Macrocosmos, and he says to himself,
Was it a god who engraved this sign which stills my inner tumult and fills my heart with joy, which with a mysterious force unveils the secrets of Nature all around me? . . . Where shall I grasp thee, oh infinite Nature?
But Goethe paints other aspects of his protagonist's character besides the one we have called “Faustian.” It may be that a better or, at least, less ambiguous—adjective would be “Odyssean” or “Ulyssean,” because the English poet Alfred Tennyson, in one short poem, really strikes closer to the sense of the word that we want to convey than does Goethe or any of the other writers about the Faust legend.
Tennyson's hero's desire is “to follow knowledge like a sinking star, / beyond the utmost bound of human thought.” To Ulysses, “all experience is an arch wherethro' / gleams that untravelled world whose margin fades / for ever and for ever when I move.”
Even in old age, after a much fuller and more eventful life than ordinary men are granted, Ulysses says, “'Tis not too late to seek a newer world. / . . . my purpose holds / to sail beyond the sunset, and the baths / of all the western stars, until I die.” He sees himself as “made weak by time and fate, but strong in will / to strive, to seek, to find, and not to yield.”
And just as Goethe's Faust is contrasted with his famulus, or student-servant, the pedantic Wagner, even more strongly—and much more concisely—does Tennyson contrast Ulysses with his son Telemachus, a man of “slow prudence . . . centered in the sphere / of common duties,” and quite lacking in his father's driving spirit.
Yet, common usage favors “Faustian” over “Ulyssean,” and we shall be satisfied with it.
From a strictly anthropological viewpoint, we may seek a clue to European man's Faustian tendency in the particulars of his evolutionary development. He was, for 10,000 generations, a hunter of the herds of bison and reindeer and mammoths which roamed the frozen plain of northern Europe during the Ice Ages. We might expect, therefore, that he should show the inquisitiveness he does, which is the mark of the predator, whether cat or man—but we might also ask why other races which went through a hunting phase do not show it to the same degree.
We might expect, because our ancestors followed the herds in their seasonal migrations for so many centuries, owning only the property they could carry on their backs, that they should have acquired the restlessness of the wanderer, while more sedentary races should have become, over the eons, more inclined to accumulation and less to exploration. But, again, there have been more southerly nomadic races which seem not to have become imbued with the Faustian spirit.
The rigor of the northern climate, the challenge of the ever-changing seasons certainly shaped the character of our race as strongly as any other factor. Aggressiveness, venturesomeness, boldness were traits which enabled our ancestors to find and exploit every scarce possibility for survival in a harsh and unforgiving environment. But the Mongoloid peoples, who evolved in a similarly harsh environment, seem to have responded somewhat differently to it and are today characterized more by stolidity than venturesomeness.
We can only conclude that the Faustian spirit is the consequence of a unique and transitory combination of causative factors, to which a single race was exposed over a period just long enough to effect the necessary genetic transformation and give it a tenuous racial basis. Even in our own race it manifests itself strongly only in the few who prefer adventure to advantage, accomplishment to acquisition, self-knowledge to self-satisfaction, the conquest of new worlds to the convenience and safety of the old, a true understanding of the Absolute to the unquestionability of a narrow orthodoxy.
The race which is the bearer of this spirit must, therefore, be doubly careful that its genetic basis is preserved—that it does not become a race solely of lawyers, clerks, laborers, and merchants but remains a race also of philosophers, explorers, poets, and inventors: of seekers of ultimate knowledge, of strivers toward the perfection which is Godhood.
When we take the longest viewpoint, we can see that the Faustian spirit, tenuous though it may be, is European man's entire justification for existence.
From National Vanguard, No. 65, 1978; reprinted in The Best of Attack! and National Vanguard Tabloid
S.A. aims for free Google public Wi-Fi
San Antonio officials are negotiating with Google Inc. to provide public outdoor Wi-Fi networks to the city as part of a deal to bring super-fast fiber-optic Internet service, said Hugh Miller, San Antonio's chief technology officer. Click ahead to see where free public Wi-Fi is already available in San Antonio. Read the full story on ExpressNews.com
- Kolten Parker Above: Jaime J. Garcia, right, who is about to retire from the Navy, enters his information in a computer to help him find employment at the Veterans Information Village and military Job Fair at Freeman Expo Hall A, last month. less San Antonio officials are negotiating with Google Inc. to provide public outdoor Wi-Fi networks to the city as part of a deal to bring super-fast fiber-optic Internet service, said Hugh Miller, San Antonio's ... more Photo: BOB OWEN, San Antonio Express-News Photo: BOB OWEN, San Antonio Express-News Image 1 of / 13 Caption Close S.A. aims for free Google public Wi-Fi 1 / 13 Back to Gallery
SAN ANTONIO — San Antonio officials are negotiating with Google Inc. to provide public outdoor Wi-Fi networks to the city as part of a deal to bring super-fast fiber-optic Internet service, said Hugh Miller, San Antonio's chief technology officer.
Miller and other city leaders have discussed the possibility of public Wi-Fi with Google, but the conversations have centered around infrastructure and logistics and are still preliminary in nature.
“We are planning on doing whatever we need to do to help (Google) bring this service to San Antonio,” Miller told the Express-News. “We provide some type of public access to some parks, the airport and libraries now and if they want to augment that, it is a great option for us and for them.”
Google has not officially selected San Antonio for its gigabit “Fiber” service, but Mayor Julián Castro and other officials have said they expect San Antonio to be selected this year.
Additionally, Miller said a high-speed, publicly-accessible wireless Internet service, which would likely be free and in high traffic areas such as the River Walk, would be a “great asset” for the city and could push San Antonio closer to becoming a leading technology hub.
Google recently launched a test zone in Kansas City with free Wi-Fi near a shopping mall but has been secretive about specifics.
“We'd love to be able to bring outdoor Wi-Fi access to all of our “Fiber” cities, although we don't have any specific plans to announce right now,” said Jenna Wandres, a spokeswoman for Google in California.
Miller said the service could also be used in areas that don't have as much access to the Internet, such as lower-income neighborhoods, to bridge a gap of connectivity.
The fiber service costs about $70 per month, or $120 when bundled with cable service, in those markets.
For more details on this story visit ExpressNews.com or Thursday's print edition.
kparker@express-news.net
Twitter: @KoltenParker
The Houthis are to prosecute ten Yemeni hunger striking journalists in Sanaa, the Anadolu Agency reported.
Fatimah Mohamed, the wife of one of the journalist Salah Al-Qaedi, said: “The Houthis did not allow us to visit my husband in prison,” adding that she has had no information about him for a month.
The Houthis had threatened her husband and the other journalists in an effort to end their hunger strike, she said. “They [Houthis] warned they would accuse them [the journalists] of inciting sedition.”
The journalists were abducted from Sanaa on 9 June last year, 18 days into their hunger strike, and were physically and psychologically tortured, Anadolu said in a report. They started their hunger strike in protest against their unjust imprisonment and the mistreatment they suffered at the hands of the Houthis.
The families called on the international community, the UN envoy to Yemen and the Yemeni government's delegation, which is participating in the Kuwait peace talks, to save the missing journalists.
Sen. Ted Cruz tried to intimidate Sally Yates in a debate about the constitutionality of Donald Trump's Muslim ban, but Yates was ready for him and defeated him on his own turf.
Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX) attempted to intimidate former acting Attorney General Sally Yates during her Senate testimony, but soon discovered he had made a mistake.
Yates had earlier in the hearing explained to Cruz's fellow Texan, Sen. John Cornyn, that she overruled the Office of Legal Counsel, who agreed with the Muslim ban, because arguments on the law “have to be based on truth.”
“We're not just a law firm,” Yates added, “we're the Department of Justice.”
Unlike other senators in attendance, Cruz avoided the topic of Russian election meddling — the reason for the hearing — and instead focused on Yates' determination that Trump's Muslim ban was unconstitutional (a finding that courts have agreed with so far).
Cruz cited a statute giving the president the right to control which “aliens” are allowed into the country. He asked Yates if it gave Trump “broad statutory authorization” to do so. She agreed, but then pointed out to Cruz, who considers himself a constitutional expert and a master debater, that the Trump ban was in violation of a “further provision” of the law he had cited, which states that “no person shall receive preference or be discriminated against in issuance of a visa because of race, nationality, or place of birth.”
CRUZ: The statute says, quote, ‘Whenever the president finds that the entry of any alien or of any class of aliens into the United States would be detrimental to the interests of the United States, he may by proclamation, and for such period as he shall deem necessary, suspend the entry of all aliens or any class of aliens as immigrants or non-immigrants, or impose on the entry of aliens any restrictions he may deem appropriate.' Would you agree that that is broad statutory authorization? YATES: I would, and I am familiar with that. And I'm also familiar with an additional provision of the INA that says, ‘No person shall receive preference or be discriminated against in issuance of a visa because of race, nationality, or place of birth.' That, I believe, was promulgated after the statute that you just quoted, and that's been part of the discussion with the courts with respect to the INA, is whether this more specific statute trumps the first one that you just described. But my concern was not an INA concern here. It rather was a constitutional concern, whether or not this — the executive order here violated the constitution specifically with the establishment clause and equal protection and due process. CRUZ: There is no doubt the arguments that you laid out are arguments that we can expect litigants to bring, partisan litigants who disagree with the policy decision of the president. I would note on January 27, 2017, the Department of Justice issued an official legal decision, a determination by the Office of Legal Counsel, that the executive order, and I'll quote from the opinion, ‘The proposed order is approved with respect to form and legality.' That's a determination from OLC on January 27th, that it was legal. Three days later you determined, using your own words, that although OLC had opined on legality it had not addressed whether it was, quote, ‘wise or just.' YATES: And I also, in that same directive, Senator, said that I was not convinced it was lawful. I also made the point that the office of OLC looks purely at the face of the document, and again, makes a determination as to whether there is some set of circumstances under which some portion of that EO would be enforceable, would be lawful. They importantly do not look outside the face of the document, and in this particular instance, particularly where we were talking about a fundamental issue of religious freedom — not the interpretation of some arcane statute, but religious freedom — it was appropriate for us to look at the intent behind the president's actions. And the intent is laid out in his statements.
After Cruz had been bested in this exchange on the legality of Trump's Muslim ban, he reportedly left the hearing room, as seen in this photo provided to Shareblue by an attendee:
Ted Cruz has often tried to use his debating skills to get the best of his opponents, but without flinching, Sally Yates took him on directly, and won.
A Postmortem on the Parity Multi-Sig Library Self-Destruct
On Monday November 6th 2017 02:33:47 PM UTC, a vulnerability in the “library” smart contract code, deployed as a shared component of all Parity multi-sig wallets deployed after July 20th 2017, was found by an anonymous user. The user decided to exploit this vulnerability and made himself the “owner” of the library contract. Subsequently, the user destructed this component. Since Parity multi-signature wallets depend on this component, this action blocked funds in 587 wallets holding a total amount of 513,774.16 Ether as well as additional tokens. Subsequent to destroying the library component, someone (purportedly this same user) posted under the username of “devops199” issue #6995 that prompted our investigation into this matter.
All other functionality of the Parity Wallet (UI) continues to have no known vulnerabilities. This includes all standard, non-multi-sig accounts.
We have reached out to affected users and are encouraging all those that we have not yet been able to reach to contact us community@parity.io. We recognise that the issue has, among other things, caused distress and anxiety about the future of projects and funds in our community and we are working hard to explore all feasible solutions.
We've had a lot of discussions and analyses across the team since the exploit happened. In this post, we would like to shed some light on factors relevant to the issue and provide responses to questions and complaints raised in the aftermath of the exploit.
Was the wallet library unaudited?
The original "Foundation" multi-sig wallet code was created and audited by the Ethereum Foundation's DEV team, Parity Technologies and others in the community. Many users rely on it, and it underwent extensive peer review. This body of code continues to have no known security issues. It was restructured by the Parity team into a lightweight "stub" smart contract which is deployed to the network every time a wallet is created, together with a much heavier "library" smart contract, containing the majority of the wallet's logic and which is deployed only once. While there was no formal audit, the contract had received many reviews internally and externally in the context of analyses of the July 19th exploit and the returning of the funds by the White Hat Group both before and after deployment in July.
What happened before the incident?
In an attempt to stay as close as possible to the original audited smart contract, as few changes as possible were made to derive the library contract. This, however, meant that the library contract had the same functionality as a regular wallet and required initialization. It therefore also still contained the original self-destruct function that is designed for retiring the wallet.
In the aftermath of the attack on July 19th 2017, we fixed and re-deployed the library contract on July 20th 2017.
In August, a Github contributor called “3esmit” recommended a code change that initWallet should be called when being deployed which at the time was considered a convenience enhancement. Thus, we committed this proposed enhancement to the library contract that would automatically initialize it by calling initWallet on construction. Interpreting the recommendation as enhancement, the changed code was to be deployed in a regular update at a future point in time.
On November 6th 03:25:21 PM +UTC, ‘devops199' identified the uninitialised owner in the contract deployed in July and chose to initialise it, thereby setting themselves as the owner. Subsequently, devops199 chose to kill the library contract.
How could this exploit have been prevented?
There are essentially two main ways this exploit could have been avoided. If the contract code had not included the functionality to suicide or kill, even if someone had taken ownership, they would not have been able to do anything. The kill functionality was a remainder of the original audited contract. The other way would have been for the wallet initialisation to have been done as proposed by 3esmit, either automatically through the code change and re-deployment or manually on the contract deployed in July.
Parity Technologies regularly employs external auditors for formal audits of smart contracts that we write. For example, our KYC service PICOPS as well as sale contracts for ICOs that we assist with, have stringent audit requirements.
However, rather than just having more audits, we strongly believe that more extensive and formal procedures and tooling around the deployment, monitoring and testing of contracts will be needed to achieve security. We believe that the entire ecosytem as a whole is in urgent need of such procedures and tooling to prevent similar issues from happening again, in particular if and when the number and complexity of live contracts grows.
What is Parity Technologies doing to unfreeze the affected funds?
We deeply regret the situation and we are working hard on several Ethereum improvement proposals(EIPs), both contributing to previously existing ones and suggesting new ones that have the potential to unblock funds. These improvement proposals will also address general cases of blocked funds.
There is no timeline for when such an improvement proposal could be implemented; we will follow the will of the community and go through the regular EIP process like any other protocol improvement. Parity Technologies will handle much of the development work around these proposals and work constructively with the Ethereum Foundation team and the community towards further protocol layer development. We are committed to the continued development of Ethereum.
What other steps is Parity Technologies taking?
As a first step, we are removing the ability to deploy multi-sig wallets until we feel we have the correct security and operations procedures in place so that we can be confident this will not happen again. The Parity Wallet UI will continue to support Gnosis, WHG or other multi-sig wallets that are deemed secure. You will be able to watch and use pre-deployed multi-signature wallets through the Parity Wallet. Like any other contract, you will be able to deploy multi-sig contracts manually, but there won't be a multi-sig-specific integrated way of doing so.
We will be focusing our wallet efforts on mid-level infrastructure - not wallets but rather the chrome in which wallets sit. In this sense, wallets will become “user-level” software by which Parity can be extended.
We are commissioning another full-stack external security audit of all existing sensitive code including secret management, key generation and password management, signing and auto-updating.
We will be putting significant efforts and resources into reviewing our processes and procedures internally and have a team specifically dedicated to operational security. This team will be expanded as necessary and we will have resources at its disposal. The team will be tasked with reviewing and maintaining critical parts of Parity Technologies' offering.
We will ensure that all necessary contract deployments are adequately linked to the code alteration and review process in the https://github.com/paritytech/contracts repository, and we will support efforts to create tooling for this, e.g. Similarly to aerospace or these days in medicine, for each contract, there should be a checklist for deployment. There should be constant monitoring of any deployed contracts comparing it to the most recent reviewed version in the repository.
We will expend significant effort inside the company as well as attempt to find external help and resources, for: Support for research and development of other smart contract languages and tooling, such as formal verification and proof assistance; Develop relationships with research teams focused on tooling, language research, and testing; Help set up independent teams to create a next-generation set of asset control management: vault-safe contracts for multi-sig, time locks, deadman switches to provide the tooling for secure storage and recovery; Extend our bug bounty program and initiate feature bounties for mission-critical components provided sufficient funding – in the end, we have been providing all our software free of charge as an open-source software contribution to the community.
Parity Technologies remains committed to being at the vanguard of Ethereum technology development and we will work diligently to develop secure and useful technology for the community.
Three members of Japanese visual novel company Visual Art's – CEO Takahiro Baba (left in picture), character designer Na-Ga (not pictured by request), and music composer Shinji Orito (right in picture) – were Guests of Honor at the 2016 edition of Anime Central. Of those, Baba and Orito attended a press session. They admitted that they were quite surprised by the strength of the reception they received from American fans (Baba even openly wondered how American fans were so familiar with their work) and were amazed that the enthusiasm of American fans equaled those of their Japanese counterparts. They then went on to discuss past, present and future projects.
One of the titles discussed was upcoming visual novel Harmonia. According to Baba, it is being released in English first as an experiment to see how an English-speaking audience will react to one of their titles. This is part of an active effort to reach more of a world-wide audience. Principle production on it is finished, but it is currently being delayed because Baba is not happy with the sound effects.
Concerning the upcoming anime adaptation of their 2011 visual novel Rewrite, Baba explained that the story is focusing on a different character than the visual novel because reaction from Japanese fans has shown that few are understanding the full main point of the story. (Baba felt that one of the main problems was that they did not make it clear enough that the story is not chronologically continuous.) They are using the change in focus to make the main point more explicit. Baba also explained that an eventual American release of Rewrite Plus – which adds a new story arc the original – on Steam is planned.
Concerning the first installation of the Angel Beats! visual novel, Baba said that about half of it has been translated into English so far. He provided no timeline for its eventual English language release, however.
In a general comment, Baba also explained that that while they may make some tweaks in upcoming projects to make them more accessible to non-Japanese audiences, they are not anticipating specifically catering to Western audiences in the near future. However, he did express that he was open to working with the right English language writer.
After the press session, Na-Ga joined Baba and Orito for an exclusive interview with ANN.
For Baba, as the CEO of Visual Art's, what special qualities do you think stand out about the kinds of games you publish compared to other companies?
Baba: “In terms of the production value of our visual novels, I believe that ours is second to none, and that is because we do not release our products until each of our creators is satisfied and I myself am satisfied with the production value of each title. Normally video games have a set release schedule, and that deadline tends to be absolute. And that is how an industrial product is made. We consider our products to be more works of art than industrial, so that is why our products do not get released until each creator is happy with what they've come up with. And of course that means that users always cry with each release delay, so for that we do apologize.”
For Na-Ga, when designing a cast of characters for a visual novel where the player chooses someone to pursue romantically, how do you like to incorporate each girl's personality into their design?
Na-Ga: “Well, it's always a balancing act. For example, you can have a character whose appearance completely matches her personality, and then there are characters who actually work out better when there is a difference between their personality and their outwards appearance. This kind of balancing acts come between what I am willing and interested in providing and what's required.
How much do you tend to know about her story or route before designing her look?
Na-Ga: “For a game production, it is very rare that a script is complete before we go into game production. When design work is done, we usually just have an overview of the story and specific character profiles. If there is a complete story that I can work off of, it would be very helpful and I would appreciate it. However, those are rare occasions, so usually I get to use my imagination to augment missing information. And of course this would be augmented with judicious consultation with the scriptwriter.”
For Baba again, many people think of Key and Visual Art's as one entity, but you manage many other brands as well, so how would you characterize your relationship with the many developers and companies you manage?
Baba: “Each development team and brand are separate, to the extent that I work with them separately for production meetings and also marketing work, so they are very independent from each other. Each production team is in various different stages of maturity, so depending on where they are, they would have different philosophies and be talking about different ideas, so I have to speak with them in varying different sophistication and level.”
Do you find that hard keeping everything straight?
Baba: “It's not at all because I do love games and visual novels, so nothing comes hard to me. Perhaps this might be similar to a magazine editor who has to deal with various different creators at once.”
For Na-Ga again, because Angel Beats! is a cross-media project where the anime came out first, was the character design process very different?
Na-Ga: “What's specific about animation is that there's motion. And so the consideration for character designs that [will] have animation is that I reflect motion into the design aspect, whereas when you're looking at a game design, it's something that you see as still art on a monitor. So visual props such as big ribbons are something that are more suitable for game design. So for game designs I can incorporate much more fine details into the characters and a movable character would be much more of a priority with animation. However, if I put in too much consideration for movable characters in a character design, I was thinking that I might lose my own style. So I made the compromise and put in some of my own personal details to the animation design. Those were the times that I was making a mental note to apologize to the anime staff.”
Does design philosophy have to change when creating characters for anime first, like with Charlotte?
Na-Ga: “Exactly so, yes. However, compared to Angel Beats!, I put much more of my design style into Charlotte. As a specific example, the main character Tomori has wavy hair, and I hear that wavy hair is very difficult to animate, and the animators hate that, but I still went with that. I like wavy hair.”
I have two questions for Orito as well. First, what is the collaboration process like when creating pieces with other musicians like Jun Maeda?
Orito: “I find it very inspiring because he would come up with ideas that I hadn't thought of and I think it's a very good way to collaborate.”
What do you think each of you brings to the creation of different songs?
Orito: “My approach to songwriting is to come up with the imagery that would follow the main story arc.”
The other question goes back to “Tori no Uta” [the theme song for Air, which was asked about extensively in the press session]. This song takes the listener on a very emotional journey through the melody and lyrics even before they have gotten into the story of the game. I would love to hear more about how this very memorable song was created.
Orito: “Well, the project planner, Jun Maeda, told me that the imagery for the story is “sky,” and then there would be white clouds just drifting in the sky. So that is the basic imagery that I worked with to come up with “Tori no Uta”
Lastly, a general question for anyone. What exciting things can fans expect from Key/Visual Art's in the near future? Or perhaps what do you feel most excited about?
Baba: “In terms of Key/Visual Art's, the next project is definitely underway but I can't really talk about that yet. This is intended to be a mainstream title, and the announcement should be forthcoming within the year.”
In an op-ed, Quartz's Mike Murphy writes that Apple Watch, the Cupertino-based company's first wearable device, hasn't been the success the company was hoping it to be . Apple unveiled the Apple Watch alongside the iPhone 6 at a media conference in September 2014. It wasn't, however, until April 2015 that the company began selling it. The Apple Watch has received a mixed response from people. While some have found the design premium-looking , almost everyone has complained about the battery life. Many have found the health-centric features of Apple Watch useful. though the lack of apps, in general, is a downer for many . Apple, which usually doesn't miss boasting sales number, remains tight-lipped on exactly how many Apple Watch units it has sold. Murphy writes:Do you own an Apple Watch? If not, are you planning to purchase one? Those who own it, what features do you like in the Apple Watch that you think other watches cannot offer.
About: I am an inventive photographer, Pilot, and MacGyver. I love building and modifying things to aid in my adventures. Check out my Website! Have a great day!
More by the author:
I developed this downed aircraft alarm after having a "fly away" with one of my drones. This system will function on almost any RC model.
The system runs off of a 9-volt battery and is triggered by a loss of signal (or power) on a ready to fly aircraft, or can be controlled by the auxiliary channel on your remote (signal loss or a manual switch will set off the alarm).
The battery will last for over 150 hours (physical test completed at 21 degrees celsius). Since the power system is separate from the aircraft, the alarm will function during a complete system failure.
.
For this instructable you will require:
An Arduino Nano
Two Piezo Alarms
Jumper Wires
Bread Board (All above available http://www.gearbest.com/kits/pp_244840.html)
Prototyping Board (http://www.gearbest.com/development-boards/pp_153862.html)
Scrap Wire
Female Arduino Pins (http://www.gearbest.com/diy-parts-components/pp_23...)
A Soldering Iron and High Tech (super fine) Solder
Use the coupon code "FDSHFS" to save an additional $5 from Gear Best!
.
The Quadcopter Used in this instructable ins Syma X8W. Available here:
http://www.gearbest.com/rc-quadcopters/pp_193218.html
.
Check Out Our Other Accounts! Like, Subscribe, and Follow to keep up to date with our latest projects. :-)
Today we bring to you, once again, some words of warrior wisdom (see that awesome and apropos alliteration?) from Jared Ross of Rockwell Tactical. Mad Duo
Grunts: apropos
Shot Placement in Combat Shooting
Jared Ross
As kind of follow-up to last year's Why Dots?, I wanted to talk more on shot placement in a combat setting. What do I mean by combat? Any situation with a physical confrontation where there is potential for injury or loss of life. This type of situation causes a surge of adrenaline (Fight or Flight response).
All kinds of things happen to your body physiologically in combat, tunnel vision being one of the most common. When my wife used our Mossberg 590 to defend our home, she experienced “combat” just a real as I did while executing missions in Iraq and other places.
There is an interesting phenomenon that occurs with shooters as they go through a shoot house. We see it at every SF CQB class. Combat, as those who have experienced it will attest, is sensory overload. As students are entering the room and scanning for threats, we give them all kinds of targets. What, generally, are they looking for? What are professionals all over the world looking for? Hands. As soon as the hands are identified as having or not having a weapon, the students will react as they are clearing the room.
With minds racing, and weapons identified, the students will begin to shoot to eliminate the threat. What tends to happen is that all the shots go toward the weapon and hands, not at the center of mass or head. This may not seem like a big deal, but it is. This needs to be noted by trainers and pointed out to students. We need to train having good shot placement on threats.
Let me give you an example of what HAS happened. Gun fight: real world threat presents himself with an AK. Soldier identifies threat, sees AK, and immediately engages the threat. After soldier shoots 5-6 rounds AND KNOWS they were hits, the threat falls. Soldier now ignores the fallen threat and starts looking for another. The old threat then rises and continues his original attack, minus the AK, catching the soldier completely off guard.
So what happened? Was this a scene from The Walking Dead? No, it was real life. All those rounds hit the old-school, milled AK, effectively destroying it and knocking down the threat. Then, much to his surprise, Johnny Taliban realized that instead of being dead, he just had minor injuries to his hands. So with an “Inshallah” he continued the fight.
You need to train for real life. It all starts with MMS (read my first article for an explanation of MMS). That's why we use dots to work on the fundamental principles of MMS. You need to know your weapon. You need to know your holds. You need to know where your rounds will impact if you are three feet, thirty meters or 600 meters away. It's not enough to just identify your target, you need to identify the threat and place well-aimed shots that will neutralize the threat.
I can't emphasize enough the importance of reviewing and practicing the basics of shooting. Every RTG live-fire class starts with three basic types of drills. The rounds per drill, and distance, are up to the individual situation.
PHOTO COURTESY OF JUDITH CARDENAS Claudialy Estrella Villalobos Cardenas took her new smartphone with her everywhere, according to her sister. But the cell phone was found lying in the street outside her home. Help find her:
Anyone with info on the whereabouts of Claudialy Estrella Villalobos Cardenas is asked to contact the Glenn County Sheriff's Office at 934-6431. Advertisement
Claudialy Estrella Villalobos Cardenas, a 15-year-old Hamilton City resident whose nickname is Little, walked out to her front yard on Main Street last Thursday evening (Sept. 6) and hasn't been heard from since. As of Wednesday morning, officials from the Glenn County Sheriff's Office had few clues as to the whereabouts of the teenager.
“Her family saw her walk outside, and she didn't come back in, so they went outside to see what she's was doing, and she was gone,” said Undersheriff Rich Warren of the teen's disappearance.
Cardenas' elder sister, Judith, told investigators that Cardenas had been on her computer just prior to exiting her home at about 7:45 p.m. She reported her sister missing at about 10:30 p.m., after spending close to two hours looking for her, including seeing if she'd been spotted by neighbors.
Warren said Cardenas' cell phone was found in front of her home, but he noted that she had two phones, and that the one found did not work. He also said that investigators had talked to neighbors who reportedly had seen a bag packed with Cardenas' clothes outside of the home.
“At this point we're not ruling anything out, but it appears as though she made plans to leave and did so voluntarily,” said Warren.
But Judith Cardenas does not believe her sister ran away, saying that would be extremely out of character. She explained that the phone the investigators found lying in the street was indeed missing its SIM card, but she noted that it was an expensive, newly purchased smartphone that Cardenas always carried.
“She was very attached to her phone, so that's one of the things that really alarms me, because she wouldn't just leave it,” Judith said.
Rural Hamilton City is home to about 1,750 residents, and so far the teenager's disappearance has generated little attention in the region. Cardenas' family has launched a Facebook page called “Finding Little” dedicated to locating the Hamilton High School sophomore. So far, it's garnered just more than 100 “likes.” (Go to www.facebook.com/FindingLittle to check it out.)
Other than the Facebook page, the Heidi Search Center for Missing Children, a 22-year-old nonprofit named for Heidi Seeman, a San Antonio, Texas, native who was abducted and murdered, has compiled the most information about the missing teen.
Warren said the Glenn County Sheriff's Office is continuing its investigation.
Meanwhile, the elder Cardenas sister is conducting her own search efforts, including driving down to Salinas, where her sister's boyfriend lives. But neither he nor his family has heard anything from the missing teen. She's also printed posters and fliers and is working on distributing them in Hamilton and in Chico, where the younger Cardenas had been on the day she went missing. She reportedly went to a store on Walnut Street in Chico to pay for more minutes on her phone around noon.
What's most concerning in the last week, Judith said, is her discovery that her sister has been in contact with strangers from out of the area. “I went through her room to search and am I finding a lot of phone numbers from different area codes from around the United States,” she said.
She noted that her sister had set up a “Fun for Mobile” cell-phone app and that she's seen comments on it from grown men.
“It's so scary when it comes to the Internet,” she said. “What type of grown person would go ahead and take a 15-year-old, and for what? Nothing appropriate. My hunch is … just something is really wrong here.”
A flier at www.heidisearchcenter.com notes that Cardenas also goes by the name Claudia. She was last seen wearing either grey Jordan high tops or white saltwater sandals. She is described as about 5-feet-1 and 115 pounds. Her naturally dark-brown hair is bleached blond on the top and sides. She wears braces with light-blue rubber bands, and usually wears a cloth rosary and a large silver necklace.
“I'm trying to hit this in every direction,” Judith said. “She's a good girl. She's never done drugs in her life. She's just a good kid.”
Image copyright NERC Image caption As the sea ice melts, ponds of water collect on top of the floes
A UK team believes it can now make skilful predictions of how much sea ice will melt during Arctic summers.
The scientists say the amount of water ponding on top of the floes as they warm in the spring has been shown to be an excellent indicator.
Using their technique, the Reading University researchers reckon the minimum ice extent this September will be about 5.4 million square km.
It is about the same as at the end of the melt season last year.
The floes in the far north are the subject of intense study currently because of their rapid summer decline.
Their extent has diminished from about 7 million square km in the 1990s to less than 5 million square km in five of the past seven years, with a record minimum of 3.6 million square km being set in 2012.
But the year-to-year variation is large and the computer models in general have failed to capture the behaviour.
Dark cover
"The sort of three-month prediction we're making would be useful for people who need to do operations in the Arctic, such as shipping companies for navigation purposes," explained Prof Daniel Feltham, who leads the NERC Centre for Polar Observation and Modelling team at Reading.
"But the physics we're introducing will also, hopefully, help improve the climate models that look longer term," he told BBC News.
Image copyright SPL Image caption The current rate of decline in September sea-ice cover is running at about 13% per decade
Prof Feltham and colleagues have found a strong correlation between the fraction of the floes covered by pond water in May and the eventual sea-ice extent seen in September.
The physical link is the change in reflectiveness, or albedo, brought about by the standing water.
The ponds are darker than bare ice and therefore absorb more of the Sun's energy, promoting further melting.
Prof Feltham's team has developed a model to forecast the evolution of melt ponds in the Arctic and has incorporated this into more general climate sea-ice models.
Satellite records show that the year with the smallest pond fraction in late spring (11% in 1996) had the biggest sea ice extent in September; and the year with the largest pond fraction (34% in 2012) featured the all-time low extent come the autumn.
The team published its ideas in a recent edition of the journal Nature Climate Change.
Southern differences
Now, it has put out its first open forecast for this September of 5.4 million square km, give or take half a million.
It compares with 5.35 million square km averaged across September last year.
"What could knock our prediction off course? Weather conditions, certainly. If we have anomalously cold conditions, we would expect the ice extent to be higher; or if we had very stormy conditions, like they did in August 2012 - that could diverge the ice and encourage more melting," he said.
In contrast to the Arctic, the Antarctic is currently showing an alternative trend, with the winter maximum extent growing to record levels.
How useful the Reading technique would be in predicting the region's summer minimums is uncertain.
The factors that control the floes in the south are different to those in the north, and already they diminish to very low extents by autumn as a matter of course anyway.
A New Zealand-led team recently demonstrated that the choppiness of Southern Ocean water could have a moderating impact on the growth of sea ice around Antarctica.
The Reading number has been submitted to Arctic Research Consortium of the United States (ARCUS) Sea Ice Prediction Network. This has become a kind of annual academic "competition" run between scientists who study the Arctic to see whose forecast most closely matches the eventual outcome.
Jonathan.Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk and follow me on Twitter: @BBCAmos
Climategate U-turn as scientist at centre of row admits: There has been no global warming since 1995
Data for vital 'hockey stick graph' has gone missing
There has been no global warming since 1995
Warming periods have happened before - but NOT due to man-made changes
Data: Professor Phil Jones admitted his record keeping is 'not as good as it should be'
The academic at the centre of the ‘Climategate' affair, whose raw data is crucial to the theory of climate change, has admitted that he has trouble ‘keeping track' of the information.
Colleagues say that the reason Professor Phil Jones has refused Freedom of Information requests is that he may have actually lost the relevant papers.
Professor Jones told the BBC yesterday there was truth in the observations of colleagues that he lacked organisational skills, that his office was swamped with piles of paper and that his record keeping is ‘not as good as it should be'.
The data is crucial to the famous ‘hockey stick graph' used by climate change advocates to support the theory.
Professor Jones also conceded the possibility that the world was warmer in medieval times than now – suggesting global warming may not be a man-made phenomenon.
And he said that for the past 15 years there has been no ‘statistically significant' warming.
The admissions will be seized on by sceptics as fresh evidence that there are serious flaws at the heart of the science of climate change and the orthodoxy that recent rises in temperature are largely man-made.
Professor Jones has been in the spotlight since he stepped down as director of the University of East Anglia's Climatic Research Unit after the leaking of emails that sceptics claim show scientists were manipulating data.
The raw data, collected from hundreds of weather stations around the world and analysed by his unit, has been used for years to bolster efforts by the United Nation's Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change to press governments to cut carbon dioxide emissions.
Following the leak of the emails, Professor Jones has been accused of ‘scientific fraud' for allegedly deliberately suppressing information and refusing to share vital data with critics.
Discussing the interview, the BBC's environmental analyst Roger Harrabin said he had spoken to colleagues of Professor Jones who had told him that his strengths included integrity and doggedness but not record-keeping and office tidying.
Mr Harrabin, who conducted the interview for the BBC's website, said the professor had been collating tens of thousands of pieces of data from around the world to produce a coherent record of temperature change.
That material has been used to produce the ‘hockey stick graph' which is relatively flat for centuries before rising steeply in recent decades.
According to Mr Harrabin, colleagues of Professor Jones said ‘his office is piled high with paper, fragments from over the years, tens of thousands of pieces of paper, and they suspect what happened was he took in the raw data to a central database and then let the pieces of paper go because he never realised that 20 years later he would be held to account over them'.
Asked by Mr Harrabin about these issues, Professor Jones admitted the lack of organisation in the system had contributed to his reluctance to share data with critics, which he regretted.
But he denied he had cheated over the data or unfairly influenced the scientific process, and said he still believed recent temperature rises were predominantly man-made.
Asked about whether he lost track of data, Professor Jones said: ‘There is some truth in that. We do have a trail of where the weather stations have come from but it's probably not as good as it should be.
‘There's a continual updating of the dataset. Keeping track of everything is difficult. Some countries will do lots of checking on their data then issue improved data, so it can be very difficult. We have improved but we have to improve more.'
He also agreed that there had been two periods which experienced similar warming, from 1910 to 1940 and from 1975 to 1998, but said these could be explained by natural phenomena whereas more recent warming could not.
He further admitted that in the last 15 years there had been no ‘statistically significant' warming, although he argued this was a blip rather than the long-term trend.
And he said that the debate over whether the world could have been even warmer than now during the medieval period, when there is evidence of high temperatures in northern countries, was far from settled.
Sceptics believe there is strong evidence that the world was warmer between about 800 and 1300 AD than now because of evidence of high temperatures in northern countries.
But climate change advocates have dismissed this as false or only applying to the northern part of the world.
Professor Jones departed from this consensus when he said: ‘There is much debate over whether the Medieval Warm Period was global in extent or not. The MWP is most clearly expressed in parts of North America, the North Atlantic and Europe and parts of Asia.
‘For it to be global in extent, the MWP would need to be seen clearly in more records from the tropical regions and the Southern hemisphere. There are very few palaeoclimatic records for these latter two regions.
‘Of course, if the MWP was shown to be global in extent and as warm or warmer than today, then obviously the late 20th Century warmth would not be unprecedented. On the other hand, if the MWP was global, but was less warm than today, then the current warmth would be unprecedented.'
Sceptics said this was the first time a senior scientist working with the IPCC had admitted to the possibility that the Medieval Warming Period could have been global, and therefore the world could have been hotter then than now.
Professor Jones criticised those who complained he had not shared his data with them, saying they could always collate their own from publicly available material in the US. And he said the climate had not cooled ‘until recently – and then barely at all. The trend is a warming trend'.
Mr Harrabin told Radio 4's Today programme that, despite the controversies, there still appeared to be no fundamental flaws in the majority scientific view that climate change was largely man-made.
But Dr Benny Pieser, director of the sceptical Global Warming Policy Foundation, said Professor Jones's ‘excuses' for his failure to share data were hollow as he had shared it with colleagues and ‘mates'.
He said that until all the data was released, sceptics could not test it to see if it supported the conclusions claimed by climate change advocates.
He added that the professor's concessions over medieval warming were ‘significant' because they were his first public admission that the science was not settled.
Struggling homeowners could be hit with an unexpected tax bill in the new year.
A law that spared people who owe more than their homes are worth from being saddled with extra taxes when their banks provide mortgage relief is expiring next week. Congress hasn't extended it.
Underwater homeowners often try to negotiate with their bank so that they can sell their homes for less than they owe in a short sale or have their mortgage balance reduced. But the difference between what the homeowner owes and the lower sales price approved by the bank is considered income for the homeowner and subject to tax by the Internal Revenue Service.
For example, someone with a $100,000 mortgage who is allowed to sell their house for $80,000 is supposed to pay taxes on the remaining $20,000.
But a law known as the Mortgage Forgiveness Debt Relief Act saved such homeowners from the tax burden. Last year, Congress rushed to extend the law during negotiations about the fiscal cliff but only through the end of 2013. Now it's down to the wire again.
Lawmakers and housing advocates argue that the rule hurts those who are already financially strapped. Since 2009, more than 220,000 homeowners have sold their houses for less than they were worth through a short sale with help from a government program. There are more than 6 million homes still underwater across the country, according to a third-quarter report from research company CoreLogic.
That is down from more than 11 million homes during the peak of the housing crisis in 2009, but it shows that despite the sector's strong recovery, many homeowners aren't out of the woods.
“What you're looking at is people who have lost their house,” said Marceline White, executive director of the Maryland Consumer Rights Coalition. “And then to have them hit with this [tax] just boggles the mind.”
Maryland — which has more than 214,000 homes with negative equity — plans to extend a measure exempting its residents from state taxes even if the federal law expires. The state took the same step last year and was one of the few to do so.
Virginia and the District of Columbia, which have a smaller share of underwater homes, do not have similar measures.
“We saw that thousands of Maryland homeowners would be suddenly getting this tax burden,” said Del. Craig J. Zucker (D-Montgomery).
Zucker is among a group of Maryland lawmakers, including Gov. Martin O' Malley (D), who are pushing to get the measure extended as soon as the state legislature returns to session in January.
At the federal level, there are three bills — two in the House and one in the Senate — that call for the law's extension. One of the House bills enjoys strong bipartisan support, with 29 Democrats and 23 Republicans on board. The Senate bill — which would extend relief through 2015 — is sponsored by Sens. Debbie Stabenow (D-Mich.) and Dean Heller (R-Nev.). Stabenow sponsored the extension last year.
But it is unclear whether Congress will make the law a priority next year.
Last week, another group of lawmakers, led by Rep. Elijah E. Cummings (D-Md.), sent a letter urging Congress to pass the bill as soon as possible.
A separate letter from the National Association of Attorneys General made the same request.
“We're far from out of the foreclosure crisis,” White said. “We hope that policymakers look at longer-term solutions.”
Associated Press Barack Obama and Donald Trump share something in common: less-than-rosy first-quarter GDP.
The U.S. economy's performance in the first quarter of Donald Trump's presidency looks an awful lot like the first quarter in Barack Obama's last year in office: weak.
Economists polled by MarketWatch predict gross domestic product grew just 1% in the first three months of the year, down from a 2.1% pace in the fourth quarter. The report will be released Friday.
Similarly, the U.S. expanded at a 0.8% clip in the first quarter of 2016, just as Obama's last year as president got under way.
Yet GDP, the official report card for the economy, is often an incomplete means of judging growth — never mind judging presidents. That's especially true in the first quarter when winter is at its worst.
The government has repeatedly had trouble getting a good read on first-quarter growth, a problem that's more a matter of statistics than any fundamental change in the direction of economy. Typically weak first quarters are followed by strong second quarters.
“There's a lot going on beneath what will be a weak headline growth number, which virtually no one sees as an accurate portrayal of the state of the U.S. economy,” said Richard Moody, chief economist at Regions Financial.
More to the point, Trump has also only been president for two-thirds of the first quarter. Most of his economic policies are still being shaped or debated in Congress.
What might be more worrisome are the early indications for spring.
Consumer spending has been soft. Surveys of executives have shown a drop-off in business. And hiring appears to have slowed. So far there's little evidence of a sharp rebound in second-quarter growth like there was in the past three years.
It's early, though.
Fresh reports this week are likely to show the house sales and new construction remain on the up and up. And a report on orders for long-lasting or durable goods is expected to underscore that a revival in business investment is still under way.
“Consumers might have taken a breather, but businesses likely picked up the baton,” said Sal Guatieri, senior economist at BMO Capital Markets.
Nonetheless, the seeming pause in U.S. growth — a common hiccup during the eight-year-old recovery — could give the Federal Reserve more cause to reassess the economy before raising interest rates again.
It will also give the central bank and a suddenly more doubtful Wall Street, heady in the early days of Trump's presidency, time to see how White House proposals pan out on health care, taxes and trade.
If the economy ramps up again, the central bank can resume its plan of gradually raising the cost of borrowing.
Economists are betting on it.
They point to record job openings, low unemployment and higher wages as evidence consumers are better off financially than they have been in years. And almost every major U.S. industry is on the upswing, unlike a few years ago when energy producers and manufacturers fell on tougher times.
“While the soft patch in economic activity appears to be lingering into April, there is no need to abandon expectations for somewhat stronger economic activity in the second half of the year,” said Scott Anderson, chief economist at Bank of the West.
NEW YORK — At a time when the United States should be working more closely than ever with its European allies to combat the growing threat posed by the Islamic State, the U.S. Congress seems determined to go in the opposite direction.
Just days after voting to wash its hands of the Syrian refugee problem even as Europe is struggling to manage an enormous flow, many in Congress are now taking aim at a 30-year-old program that permits visa-free travel between Europe and the United States. In doing so, Congress is jeopardizing U.S.-European cooperation in the fight against terrorism, and could leave the United States more vulnerable to the very attacks that members of Congress say they want to prevent.
* * *
The so-called Visa Waiver Program (VWP), signed into law by President Ronald Reagan in 1986, permits citizens of Western Europe and other friendly nations to travel to the United States without the expense and time involved in obtaining a visa. The idea was to boost travel and tourism, and it has been an enormous success. Some 40 percent of all overseas visitors, about 20 million annually, come from VWP countries.
But in the wake of the 9/11 attacks, both Congress and the George W. Bush administration rightly grew concerned that the program was vulnerable to exploitation by terrorists. While all 19 of the hijackers came from countries where visas were required — most from Saudi Arabia — two cases demonstrated that some risks were posed by VWP. Zacarias Moussaoui, alleged to have been the intended 20th hijacker, was a French citizen, and Richard Reid, the so-called shoe bomber who tried to detonate an explosive on a December 2001 trans-Atlantic flight, held a British passport. Democratic Senator Dianne Feinstein of California wanted to shut down the program after 9/11, and she is again leading the push for new legislation in the wake of the Paris terror attacks, arguing that the VWP remains “the soft underbelly of our national security policies.”
While that charge held some truth a decade ago, it is wholly false today. Instead, the VWP is a shining example of how U.S. cooperation with allies is a much better strategy for securing the homeland than going it alone. The 9/11 Commission, which examined in detail the challenges of stopping terrorist travel, concluded that “the U.S. government cannot meet its own obligations to the American people to prevent the entry of terrorists without a major effort to collaborate with other governments.”
This is exactly what happened with the VWP after 9/11. Recognizing their common interest in stopping terrorists while encouraging lawful travel, the United States and Europe worked closely together to remake the VWP. Indeed, Stewart Baker, who was general counsel of the National Security Agency and assistant secretary for policy at the Department of Homeland Security during the Bush administration, has argued that the VWP “provides unmatched benefits to U.S. law enforcement and security interests.”
Here's why. In most countries where visas are required, the United States is on its own in assessing the risks that any individual traveler poses. State Department consular officers have access to terrorist watch lists and criminal databases, and take fingerprints to confirm identity, but otherwise often know little or nothing about the would-be travelers. Interviews are required, but they are usually brief and not terribly revealing.
For the typical European traveler to the United States, the process today is actually more rigorous.
First, any country that is part of the VWP is required to share all of its terrorism-related intelligence with the United States. The United States is much more likely to identify a potentially dangerous European traveler as a result of intelligence provided by European law enforcement than by requiring a five-minute visa interview.
Secondly, the VWP mandates that all members issue machine-readable, biometrically enhanced passports, and that they share immediately all data on lost or stolen passports. As a result, the likelihood of anyone entering the United States on a fraudulent European passport is extremely low.
* * *
Finally, the idea that the VWP is “visa-free travel” is something of a misnomer.
A French citizen is not permitted, as the notion would suggest, to arrive at Charles de Gaulle airport in Paris, buy a ticket, and hop on a plane to New York. Any would-be traveler has to register in advance with the U.S. government through what is known as the Electronic System for Travel Authorization (ESTA). They are required to provide a complete history, including biographic information and past criminal convictions or visa revocations. Their identities are checked against multiple watch lists and against lost and stolen passport data. If there is even the slightest suspicion, the U.S. government can reject the application and require the traveler to undergo a visa interview.
Since August, 2008, more than 4,000 travelers have been blocked because of hits against terrorism databases, and another 22,000 for using lost or stolen passports. In short, the screening process is in some ways more thorough — and certainly backed by more robust information — than the screening process for visa applicants.
This is not to say there is no room for improvement. There is certainly a genuine danger posed by some first or second-generation immigrants holding European passports. Those who have traveled to war zones like Syria or Iraq are clearly deserving of extra scrutiny. But the Obama administration figured this out long before the U.S. Congress did. More than a year ago, DHS Secretary Jeh Johnson announced several enhancements to ESTA designed to help identify ISIL terrorists carrying European passports. Further steps, such as speeding up the requirement to use biometric passports rather than allowing older ones to be phased out, would be warranted.
* * *
The danger of congressional action to pare back the VWP — even a seemingly modest step such as requiring visas of any European who has traveled recently to Iraq or Syria — is that it would weaken the cooperation that has made the program such a success. Europe would likely resent any of its citizens being singled out in statute for special treatment. A far better approach would be to help Europe strengthen its own border security and entry procedures, so that better intelligence can be gathered on European citizens who are traveling to conflict zones.
The United States cannot stop terrorist travel on its own. Whatever Congress may wish, no mixture of bans, pauses or new unilateral screening requirements will increase American security. Instead, the United States needs to bolster intelligence sharing and cooperate with its allies at the deepest levels to help identify and stop those individuals who pose genuine security threats — not just to the United States but to Europe as well.
Edward Alden is a senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations and the author of “The Closing of the American Border: Terrorism, Immigration and Security since 9/11” (Harper Collins, 2008).
DONALD Trump warned the US is poised to unleash the full force of its military power to defend against the "worldwide threat" from North Korea.
The US President took a tough stance during his visit to South Korea today, saying tyrant Kim Jong-un is threatening "millions" of lives.
Getty Images - Getty 20 Donald Trump warned the US is poised to unleash the full force of its military power to defend against North Korea
He called on world powers, particularly China and Russia, to act with "urgency and great determination" to put more pressure on the North.
"We cannot allow North Korea to threaten all that we have built," Trump told the press conference on the first day of his visit on Kim's doorstep.
"North Korea is a worldwide threat that requires a worldwide action.”
Trump made it clear that the US was fully prepared to wield the “full range” of America's arsenal, but added: "We hope to God we don't have to”.
EPA 20 Standing alongside his South Korean counterpart Moon Jae-in, the US President urged the North to take part in talks
AP:Associated Press 20 The US President took a tough stance during his visit to South Korea today
AFP or licensors 20 He called on world powers, particularly China and Russia, to act with "urgency and great determination"
President Donald Trump deliver​s​ a speech to South Korea's national assembly
He said: "As we work together to resolve this problem using all available tools short of military action, US stands prepared to defend itself and its allies using the full range of our unmatched military capabilities if need be.”
Standing alongside his South Korean counterpart Moon Jae-in, the US President urged the North to take part in talks.
But Trump declined to elaborate on whether US is having any direct talks with its regime.
"I really believe it makes sense for North Korea to come to the table and to make a deal that is good for the people of North Korea and the people of the world," he said.
AP:Associated Press 20 Trump began his diplomatic day vowing to "figure it all out" with "fine gentleman" Moon
EPA 20 Trump's relationship with the liberal-leaning Moon has been cool in the past
He insisted they are “making a lot of progress” in reining in the rogue state.
Trump's relationship with the liberal-leaning Moon has been cool, and the billionaire has railed at South Korean moves to engage its neighbour - something he has previously labelled "appeasement".
How big is North Korea's army and what missiles do Kim Jong-un have?
But Trump began his diplomatic day vowing to "figure it all out" with "fine gentleman" Moon, despite their differences on the nuclear-armed North.
He landed in South Korea on Tuesday, bringing him to the front line of the nuclear stand-off with North Korea.
The US President waved to the crowds when he arrived at Osan Air Base outside Seoul today as despot Kim Jong-un vowed to “bolster its nuclear sword of justice”.
Reuters 20 Donald Trump waved to the crowds when he arrived at Osan Air Base in South Korea with his wife Melania today
AFP or licensors 20 Melania Trump wore a striking outfit for the occasion
AP:Associated Press 20 The First Couple were seen sharing a slightly awkward kiss on the red carpet
AP:Associated Press 20 Trump's 24-hour visit right on Kim's doorstep is likely to aggravate tensions with North Korea
His 48-hour visit right on Kim's doorstep is likely to aggravate tensions with North Korea, especially after boasting he could stop the tyrant's nukes during his visit to Japan.
South Korean President Moon Jae-in welcomed Trump and his wife Melania at Camp Humphreys, America's biggest military base in the Pacific.
The surprise move was intended to show the robust alliance amid North Korea's persistent nuclear threats.
Trump said efforts to stop North Korea's nuclear weapons program would be "front and centre" of his two-day visit to South Korea.
Reuters 20 He shook hands with South Korea's President Moon Jae-in during a visit to the presidential Blue House in Seoul
AFP or licensors 20 Trump looked a little tense as he stood next to the South Korean leader during the visit
AFP or licensors 20 Trump said efforts to stop North Korea's nuclear weapons program would be 'front and centre' of his two-day visit to South Korea
AFP or licensors 20 The First Couple received a formal welcome at the presidential Blue House, just 35 miles from the border with North Korea
Meeting with military commanders, Trump told reporters: “Ultimately it will all work out, it always works out, it has to work out”.
Trump later received a formal welcome at the presidential Blue House, just 35 miles from the border with North Korea.
Moon said he hoped Trump's visit would be an opportunity to resolve "anxiety" over North Korea.
"I know that you have put this issue at the top of your security agenda," Moon said.
"So I hope that your visit to Korea and to the Asia Pacific region will serve as an opportunity to relieve some of the anxiety that the Korean people have due to North Korea's provocations and also serve as a turning point in resolving the North Korean nuclear issue."
Trump praised president Moon, hailing him for “great cooperation,” despite differences over how to confront North Korea and over a trade pact between the US and South Korea.
The US President said he looked forward to a "successful day of talks."
The White House says Trump's trip is intended to demonstrate US resolve over his hardline approach to the North Korean nuclear and missile threats.
But many in the region fear more fiery presidential rhetoric could increase the potential for a devastating military conflict on the Korean peninsula.
Pyongyang's recent nuclear tests in defiance of UN resolutions have raised the stakes in the most critical international challenge of Trump's presidency.
AFP or licensors 20 Trump posed with generals and other military officials at the Army Operational Command Centre at Camp Humphreys in Pyeongtaek
AFP or licensors 20 He was photographed shaking hands with military commanders
EPA 20 Moon said he hoped Trump's visit would be an opportunity to resolve anxiety over North Korea
Trump is seeking to ratchet up pressure on Pyongyang following his time in Tokyo.
During the visit he declared that Japan would shoot North Korean missiles “out of the sky” if it bought the US weaponry needed to do so.
This suggested the Japanese government may take a stance it has avoided until now.
In Japan, Trump refused to rule out eventual military action against the North and called on Kim to stop weapons testing.
He branded the recent launches of missiles over American allies like Japan "a threat to the civilized world and international peace and stability."
Three US aircraft carrier strike groups will exercise together in the Western Pacific in the coming days in a show of force rarely seen in the region, US officials said.
EPA 20 Trump saluted as he got out of helicopter at Camp Humphreys
EPA 20 Trump greeted General Jeong Kyeong-doo, chairman of South Korea's Joint Chiefs of Staff, after arriving at Camp Humphreys
South Korea is the second stop on Trump's five country Asian tour.
Trump is skipping the customary trip to the demilitarized zone separating North and South a pilgrimage made by every US president except one since Ronald Reagan as a demonstration of solidarity with the South.
A senior administration recently dubbed the border trip as "a bit of a cliche" and several other members of the administration, including Vice President Mike Pence, have visited the DMZ this year.
It is feared that North Korea could launch the huge hydrogen bomb dubbed the 'Juche Bird' over the Pacific Ocean during the visit, the Daily Star reported.
Such an unprecedented test, the kind of which hasn't been seen in three decades, could spark a global nuclear conflict.
The White House believes that Trump has already made his support of South Korea crystal clear.
Reuters 20 Melania was seen speaking to middle school students during the Girls Play 2! initiative
NORTH SOUTH DIVIDE History of conflict between North and South Korea North and South Korea have been in a state of war for more than half a century and the hostility between the two countries shows no sign of abating. Until after the Second World War, Korea was a unified country and was the object of desire from both China and Japan, with Japan claiming the territory in 1910. Japan remained in control of Korea, suppressing its culture and imposing its own despite much opposition until the end of World War II. In the closing days of the war with the axis facing defeat, Russia declared war on Japan and marched into Korea. However, with tensions also rising between Russia and the West, America didn't want Russia to have complete control over Korea. It was therefore agreed that Russian forces would stop at the 38th parallel north, leaving the south of the country, including its capital Seoul, to America. It was originally intended that Russian and American cooperation would steer Korea towards independence. But as their relationship deteriorated, both nations asserted their authority. North Korea adopted the socialism of Soviet Russia, becoming the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, while the South became the Republic of Korea, implementing a more Western style of government. Both Russia and the US appointed leaders in their respective territories who would implement their policies, with the anti-Communist Syngman Rhee in the South, and Kim Il-Sung in the North, the father of Kim Jong-Il. This was the start of the hostility, as both governments believed themselves to be the government of all Korea, resulting in frequent clashes along the border. This led to the outbreak of war in 1950 when the North invaded the South and quickly overran the country, thanks to its use of Soviet tanks and weaponry. The UN, led by America, quickly intervened and helped the South push back North Korean forces. They retreated to the Chinese border, which then provoked China to intervene on behalf of North Korea, shifting the balance again. The war ended in 1953 with no clear victor and an armistice was signed between the North and South to restore the previous boundaries. However, much of Korea was destroyed with over a million casualties and Seoul in ruins after having changed hands four times over the course of the war. Following the demise of the Soviet Union, the North was plunged into an economic crisis and suffered a catastrophic famine.
Did President Obama make it more difficult for Cubans fleeing their communist homeland to gain a foothold in America because a majority supported Donald Trump for president?
Pew reported:
In Florida, Cubans were about twice as likely as non-Cuban Latinos to vote for Donald Trump. More than half (54%) supported the Republican president-elect, compared with about a quarter (26%) of non-Cuban Latinos, according to National Election Pool exit poll data.
A significant share of Cubans in Florida voted for Hillary Clinton – 41% – but this was far below the 71% of non-Cuban Latinos who backed the Democratic nominee. At the same time, the level of support for Trump among Cubans was similar to that of non-Latinos in the state (51%).
On Thursday, Obama ended the so-called “wet foot, dry foot” policy, “which allowed any Cuban who reached U.S. soil to stay but returned any picked up at sea,” according to Yahoo, was created by President Bill Clinton in the 1995.
Theoretically, anyone with residency status can get in line for citizenship and gain voting rights.
“With this change we will continue to welcome Cubans as we welcome immigrants from other nations, consistent with our laws. During my Administration, we worked to improve the lives of the Cuban people — inside of Cuba — by providing them with greater access to resources, information and connectivity to the wider world,” Obama said in a statement.
Obama has taken no action against similar groups — because they supported Hillary Clinton and Democratic candidates?
Two-thirds of America's 1.2 million eligible Cuban voters live in Florida.
Longtime Seahawks kicker Steven Hauschka is now an unrestricted free agent and whether he will be back in 2017 is one of the bigger questions facing the team in the off-season.
Steven Hauschka ended the 2016 season as Seattle's career leader in field goals with 175 while ranking third in NFL history in field goal percentage at 87.2.
He also ended it with an uncertain future with the team, entering the off-season as an unrestricted free agent.
In fact, having just completed a three-year contract worth $8.5 million, Hauschka is the highest-paid Seattle player now entering free agency — his yearly salary average of just over $2.8 million was the 11th-highest this season among kickers.
That salary, coupled with the fact that Hauschka had a few uncharacteristic misses in 2016 — notably, a 28-yarder that could have given Seattle an overtime win at Arizona, and a missed extra point that could have given the Seahawks the lead in a second game against the Cardinals, each results that proved the difference between getting the No. 2 and No. 3 seed in the playoffs — mean the Seahawks could have a tough decision to make.
While Hauschka has been the most prolific and steadiest kicker in team history since arriving in 2011, the Seahawks figure to look hard at other, cheaper options, especially in the wake of Hauschka's struggles this season — his six missed extra points were the most in the NFL.
In his end-of-season press conference, Seahawks coach Pete Carroll didn't exactly dissuade the idea that the team could pursue other kicking options going forward.
“Unfortunately he had gotten a little stink with kicking the extra points,'' Carroll said. “I was really excited that he finished the season on a good note and he hit everything that he had a chance to hit, because he knew he was up against it, he knew he needed to show that. I wish it would have happened a few weeks earlier, just so he could have had more weeks to bank on that.''
Here's a closer look at the specialty teams in 2016 and going forward as we conclude our post-season review of Seahawks' position groups.
KICKER
Steven Hauschka
Contract situation: Unrestricted free agent.
Stats: 33-37 field goals, 29-35 point after touchdowns.
PUNTER
Jon Ryan
Contract situation: Signed through 2019.
Stats: 44.0 yards per kick, 39.3 yards net per kick.
SNAPPERS
Nolan Frese
Contract situation: Signed through 2018.
Tyler Ott
Contract situation: Signed through 2017.
2016 REVIEW
While Seattle made a decisive move last off-season to re-sign Ryan — he signed a four-year deal last spring worth $10 million overall and $3.4 million guaranteed — the Seahawks also made a move to shake up the kicking battery for the first time since 2011, waiving veteran snapper Clint Gresham.
The move saved the Seahawks a little over $200,000 against the salary cap, with Carroll also saying it was done to accentuate competition at the position.
Frese, an undrafted rookie free agent, eventually won the battle to replace Gresham — who has yet to sign with another team since his release from the Seahawks. If the Gresham move struck some as a little curious given his consistency through the years and the relative low dollar figures involved, it grew only moreso when Frese had a couple of off-target snaps that contributed to missed kicks.
Frese then suffered an ankle injury in the season finale against the 49ers — an injury that contributed to a high snap that led to a safety — and Seattle signed Ott for the playoffs.
Each is under contract for 2017, so as of now it appears they'll battle for the snapping spot in camp.
Ryan's net average, a number the coaches tend to look at the most, was his best since he set a team record at 40.8 in 2012.
Injuries to Tyler Lockett helped hold down the return numbers a little this season. Veteran Devin Hester was signed for the playoffs after Lockett was lost for the season but said after the final game he plans to retire. According to the team, Lockett is expected to recover from a broken tibia and fibula and resume return duties next season.
GRADE: C. Other than the missed PATs, the overall special teams numbers weren't either out-of-character in 2016. But a couple of missed kicks proved huge in a season when Seattle just didn't have the same margin of error as in past years.
OFF-SEASON OBJECTIVES
As discussed above, whether or not to re-sign Hauschka is one of the biggest questions Seattle faces heading into the off-season in terms of players on its own roster.
Only five other full-time kickers in 2016 are scheduled to be unrestricted free agents, so the market isn't necessarily huge in either direction — meaning either in terms of their being a lot of teams looking for kickers or a lot of other available kickers for Seattle to sign. The only one under 30 is Greg Zuerlein of the Rams (Hauschka will be 32 when next season begins).
Every other key special teamer in 2016 can be back.
🞄 Grabs lyric from Musixmatch & Genius🞄 Works with WMP & Spotify🞄 Auto Scroll lyrics🞄 User friendly GUI Settings - credits: alatsombath🞄 Fully customizable appearance of the skin⚬ ⚬ ⚬- Spotify plugin updated & fixed some bugsHuge improvements (added Settings GUI, better search query, customization ability, and many more)Initial Release----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------This is my first Rainmeter skin, which, with really simple display, p̶r̶e̶t̶t̶y̶ ̶s̶i̶m̶p̶l̶e̶ logic (lil' bit complicated now), and plenty of bugs, ofcourse . It obtaiobtainscs of the tracks you are playing from, using two times Webparser passing. Means, it works by searching the track using Musixmatch search engine, NOT the Musixmatch proper URL. So this skin will display the lyric properly accurate at most casesBut there are disadvantages using this method, like, because this skin using the website's search engine, which sends a query - EVERYtime you play a track. So if you cyou're changingks too fast, your IP might be blocked temporary because you're sending too much connection - and you can't obtain lyrics anymore. If this may be happened, go to Musixmatch.com/Genius.com with your browser, and do the captcha question.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sealy of Minnesota, which has a mattress and box spring factory in St. Paul, will pay $175,000 to settle a charge of “severe racial harassment,” according to the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.
The federal agency said in a news release Thursday that the company subjected black and Hispanic employees to harassment that involved a noose, Ku Klux Klan hood, and racist epithets and jokes.
The agency also found that the company discriminated against black and Hispanic employees in the selection of lead positions at the St. Paul facility and violated the Civil Rights Act of 1964.
Employees complained to senior management about the conduct, but it did not stop, the agency said.
The company issued a statement Friday, saying it is “committed to a culture of diversity and respect for all people.”
“When we learned of the alleged violations of our policies by employees at our St. Paul facility which took place three years ago, we took swift action,” the statement reads. “The company terminated several employees who were in supervisory and management roles during the time of the alleged unacceptable behavior, replaced the management team at the facility, and retrained our workforce at the facility.”
As part of the agreement with the EEOC, Sealy of Minnesota will also provide employees with anti-discrimination training, revise and disseminate an anti-harassment policy, implement a more objective application process for lead jobs, and require compliance with Equal Employment Opportunity laws as part performance evaluations of supervisors, the EEOC said.
“We are pleased that Sealy worked cooperatively with us to fashion an anti-harassment policy that will better address employee complaints,” Julianne Bowman, EEOC Chicago district director, said in a statement.
Newspaper publisher Josef Joffe came up with a not so novel idea to remove Donald Trump from office; have someone in the White House murder him.
After a caller to the show asked the panel if there was “still a way out of the Trump catastrophe” to remove him from office, one female panelist began discussing how she thought Trump might be impeached before his first term was up.
“There has to be a qualified two-thirds majority of the Senate in order for a removal of office to take place. These are politically and legally pretty high hurdles, a lot would have to happen for it, we're far away from that,” she said.
Joffe then calmly responded; “Murder in the White House, for example.”
“Josef, remain serious,” the woman responded.
The host of the show appeared to be on edge and eager to move on quickly.
Joffe is the publisher-editor of Die Zeit, a weekly German newspaper. He is also a courtesy professor of political science at Stanford University.
As we have covered on innumerable occasions before, the same leftists who would have been outraged at anyone hinting at violence against Barack Obama routinely make jokes about assassinating Trump.
The mainstream media's entire narrative since the moment from when Trump secured the Republican nomination was to legitimize violence at his rallies and then blame Trump and his supporters for the unrest.
Even up to the day before Trump's inauguration, CNN was still speculating as to what would happen if he was killed.
As Victor Laszlo points out, German comedian Jan Böhmermann faces five years in prison for joking about Turkish tyrant Recep Erdoğan under a law that criminalizes insults against a foreign head of state.
Will the individual who joked about Trump's assassination face anything like the same treatment? Don't hold your breath.
SUBSCRIBE on YouTube:
Follow-on Twitter: Follow @PrisonPlanet
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/paul.j.watson.71
*********************
Paul Joseph Watson is the editor at large of Infowars.com and Prison Planet.com.
The urban-suburban divide that has marked Toronto politics for decades has arrived in Mississauga, amid debate over plans for reinventing the city's downtown area. Are suburbanites prepared to ante up through their property taxes for master plans, amenities and infrastructure to create a “real” urban core? Or will they be content to let development proceed as it will — and possibly see condo towers rising in their neighbourhoods?
The Absolute World Towers condo buildings, dubbed the Marilyn Monroe buildings for their curvy shape, helped transform the downtown area of Mississauga. ( DAVID COOPER / TORONTO STAR FILE PHOTO )
On one side at last week's council meeting were downtown councillors pushing for a “Main Street District” community improvement plan that would expedite building the cultural facilities, streetscapes and infrastructure needed to shape the downtown core into a thriving urban centre. On the other side were suburban councillors, adamant their constituents shouldn't have to shoulder the cost of the downtown plan through their taxes when the city is already facing a massive infrastructure burden — including how to fund a sorely needed $1.5 billion LRT. While all agree Mississauga's downtown, currently centred on a massive mall, is ready for a new stage of growth, no one is sure how much the province or Ottawa will be prepared to contribute.
Article Continued Below
“The downtown core will be the cultural mecca of the city, it will be the financial mecca of the city. It will be what drives this city for the next century going forward,” downtown Councillor Nando Iannicca said following a lengthy debate. “Let's just make sure that all the people that benefit pay their fair share.” After decades of low taxes because the growing city was raking in development charges, Mississaugans are going to have to get used to paying more, Iannicca told the Star. But councillors representing wards outside the core area said their constituents shouldn't have to foot the cost of amenities that will mainly benefit the residents of more than 30 highrises towers planned for downtown. “This should be a downtown levy, and not on the taxpayers,” said Councillor Pat Mullin, who took issue with a staff recommendation to launch the community improvement plan because it didn't clarify how it would be paid for. “I'm not going to ask the taxpayers to pay for the downtown development,” said Councillor Ron Starr, echoed by Councillor Jim Tovey, who said, “I don't think this should be coming out of the property tax base.”
Some suggested a special downtown levy, on top of existing charges, be applied to developers and corporations that want to build or move into the core area. City manager Janice Baker suggested that a land transfer tax being pushed by Mayor Hazel McCallion could help raise the needed funds. “Don't tie our hands,” she added, explaining that it's too early to take property taxes off the table as a funding option.
Article Continued Below
Downtown Councillor Frank Dale warned that asking the private sector to pay for the growth may propel business elsewhere. “We want to attract more office, commercial. We want to develop the main street. We're sort of caught,” Dale said. Iannicca agreed, but supported the idea of increased levies for downtown partners, perhaps even a mechanism whereby downtown property owners would pay a percentage of land sale revenues. But with the city almost built out, infrastructure funding has to change, he said. As it is, he said, condo development is subsidizing the taxes of single-detached homes on estate lots. With more density mandated by the province, residents who don't support healthy downtown development could find highrises going up in their backyards, Iannicca warned. “As the downtown core goes, it's beneficial to everybody,” he said. “I want a place where people say, ‘I don't want to go to Yorkville tonight, we're going to Mississauga's downtown.' And they can thrive with jobs, with amenities, recreation, culture, new boutiques, the new trattoria … the museums, the shopping, the public park space.”
Read more about:
After a delayed start in 2016, this Thursday will see the Archer gang returning in yet another new role, the days of organized spywork largely behind them. And while we wouldn't expect “ISIS” to return anytime soon, creator Adam Reed says the team will stick to their new line of private eye work beyond Season 7, while talk of a movie and series' ending begins to swirl.
For the moment at least, FX has yet to commit to an eighth season of the animated spy private eye comedy, though creator, producer and star Adam Reed tells HitFix he'd certainly want to continue. Recent years have seen each season shifting focus, from the Vice of Season 5 to the CIA contracting of last year , now a West Coast detective agency, and while Reed couldn't speak to much past Season 7, he did offer “Archer's going to be a private eye for a while - beyond this season.”
Of course, without an official FX commitment, one wonders what the future of Archer looks like. Reed mentioned repeatedly broaching with FX the possibility of a movie, in which “I think they would probably be reactivated by the government for one world-saving mission. One last, big score,” while Reed has at least some endgame in mind:
It is all mapped out. The mapping started about halfway through the writing of this Season 7. I sort of have the end in mind, I just am hoping it's a long time from now…I don't want FX to call and go, ‘Hey, so that ending, just do an extra episode this season and make that the end and then get out.'
In addition to the new focus, the new season will feature guest turns from comedian Patton Oswalt as a lawyer, Keegan-Michael Key and J.K. Simmons as Odd Couple investigators, returning Christian Slater , Jon Daly and Jon Glaser, and perhaps even Tom Selleck himself.
You can check out the myriad Season 7 promos below, and stay tuned for the Archer premiere this Thursday.
Signs posted on the doors of Pilsen businesses Thursday. View Full Caption DNAinfo/Stephanie Lulay
PILSEN — At least 30 Pilsen businesses closed up shop Thursday as part of "A Day Without Immigrants" in Chicago.
The decision by Pilsen restaurants and shop owners to close came as immigrants from across the country stayed home from workplaces and classes Thursday in an effort to show how important they are to America's economy.
Pilsen and Heart of Chicago businesses that were closed included:
• 5 Rabanitos Restaurante and Taqueria, 1758 W. 18th St.
• BomBon Bakery, 1457 W. 18th St.
"My whole staff asked me not to work. There are a lot of Latinos in the city who want to be part of the movement," said bakery owner Laura Perea, whose bakeries are located in two majority Latino neighborhoods. "As an owner, it's not the best feeling, but I have to understand where they are coming from. I have to support them."
• Panaderia Nuevo Leon, 1634 W. 18th St.
• Creperia Nuevo Leon, 1636 W. 18th St.
• La Vaca Margarita Bar, 1160 W. 18th St.
• Don Churro, 1626 S. Blue Island Ave.
• Ram's Restaurant, 2302 S. Blue Island Ave.
• Ciao Amore, 1134 W. 18th St.
• Doña Torta, 2152 W. Cermak Road
• Benny's Pizza, 1244 W. 18th St.
• Fogata Village, 1820 S. Ashland Ave.
• Taqueria El Mezquite, 1756 W. 18th St.
• Supermercados El Guero, 2101 W. Cermak Rd.
• La Parada en Pilsen, 2059 W 21st St.
• Small Burger, 1820 W. 18th St.
• Diez Y Ocho, 2000 W. 18th St.
• Lupita's Restaurant, 1723 S. Ashland Ave.
A sign posted on the door of Lupita's Restaurant Thursday in Pilsen. [DNAinfo/Stephanie Lulay]
• Azul 18, 1236 W. 18th St.
• Del Toro, 2133 S. Halsted St.
• Taqueria Los Comales, 1544 W. 18th St.
A sign posted on the door of Taqueria Los Comales Thursday in Pilsen. [DNAinfo/Stephanie Lulay]
• Memo's Hot Dogs, 1447 W. 18th St.
• Trino's Pizzeria, 1013 W. 18th St.
• Coyotes Restaurant, 1451 W. 18th St.
A sign posted on the door of Coyotes Restaurant Thursday in Pilsen. [DNAinfo/Stephanie Lulay]
• Cafe Monsivais, 1637 W. 18th St.
• Escaramuza USA, 1644 W. 18th St.
• Churro Factory, 2214 S. Wolcott Ave.
• Paleteria El Sabor, 1639 W. 18th St.
A sign on the door of Paleteria El Sabor in Pilsen Thursday. [DNAinfo/Stephanie Lulay]
• Pilsen Law Center, 1545 W. 18th St.
A sign posted on the door of the Pilsen Law Center Thursday in Pilsen. [DNAinfo/Stephanie Lulay]
• Eighteenth Street Development Corporation, 1843 S. Carpenter St.
"It's a bigger issue than just, 'We're being targeted,'" said the agency's executive director Alex Esparza, who was born in Mexico. "When you talk about race, you're talking about me."
• Pilsen Outpost, 1958 W. 21st St.
• Gadget Rehab, 1549 W. 18th St.
• Revolutionary Lemonade Stand, 2315 S. Leavitt St.
A rally demonstrating solidarity with immigrants living and working in Chicago shut down city streets during its march from Union Park to Federal Plaza Thursday.
The National Museum of Mexican Art, 1852 W. 19th St., didn't close its doors, but the museum did support employees who boycotted work Thursday.
RELATED: Downtown Streets Closed For 'Day Without Immigrants'' March
While some Pilsen business owners opted to close, other popular 18th Street spots were open for business Thursday, including Cafe Jumping Bean, La Catrina Cafe and Cantón Regio.
The national Day Without Immigrants movement called for supporters to boycott businesses to illustrate the financial losses that would be felt nationwide if the contributions of immigrants were excluded from the U.S. economy.
Chef Rick Bayless was perhaps the highest profile participant: He shuttered Frontera Grill, Xoco, Fonda Frontera and Topolobampo Thursday.
Other participating small businesses included L'Patron, a popular family-owned Mexican restaurant in Logan Square, and Pete's Fresh Market, a local grocery chain that has several locations in the city.
"A Day Without Immigrants" actions also occurred in cities including Philadelphia, Washington, Boston and Austin, Texas, according to the Associated Press.
David Moyes endures yet another frustrating evening as Swansea knocked United out of the FA Cup (Picture: Reuters)
Manchester United's FA Cup exit at the hands of Swansea City means the club are now realistically only competing for two trophies this season.
The Premier League is rapidly turning into a battle to finish in the top four, which leaves David Moyes looking at European Cup and Capital One Cup as his best chance of silverware.
United plays the first leg of their semi-final with Sunderland this evening, and Moyes will know that anything other than a comfortable victory over the two games could cripple his reign at Old Trafford.
The Capital One Cup in all its recent guises is a trophy which has not held the most significant importance to United in recent seasons, despite the fact Sir Alex Ferguson's charges contested two out of the last five finals.
Advertisement
Advertisement
This season, however, we are seeing a different level of importance placed upon the League Cup with it being potentially United's only realistic chance of silverware left in Moyes' debut season.
Sunderland have shown a remarkable improvement in terms of performances since Uruguayan Gus Poyet's took over from Paolo Di Canio, however they have still struggles to get results on a consistent basis.
This is something Moyes should bear in mind ahead of his team selection – with Sunderland having the potential to cause yet another upset to United if the tie is taken lightly by the visitors.
However after such disappointing defeats in 2014 already it is likely Moyes will send out a full strength team this evening.
MORE: David Moyes must splash the cash to save his job at Manchester United
Adnan Januzaj will probably return to the Manchester United team tonight (Picture: Getty Images)
Robin van Persie is still missing for United, whilst Wayne Rooney will too sit out tonight's trip to Wearside which leaves United very low on attacking options.
The recent form of Danny Welbeck has been pleasing, although his link-up play with Javier Hernandez has looked out of sync and rushed in the fixtures against Tottenham and Swansea.
Adnan Januzaj, after being left on the bench for the weekend's cup tie, will in all likelihood return to the starting line-up this evening as Moyes will want a lead to take back to Old Trafford.
It is imperative for United to make the most out of their opportunity in the Capital One Cup.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Despite their recent improvements Sunderland are still in truth a team there to be beaten, particularly over two legs when you consider the quality within United's squad in comparison to Sunderland's.
It is also important as the effect of winning a first trophy can have on a group of players should not be underestimated.
Liverpool have improved slowly but consistently since their League Cup win in 2012, and Manchester City haven't looked back since their FA Cup win a year earlier.
The same could well happen to Moyes' Manchester United if they avoid any more mistakes and head to Wembley for the final.
Failure to do so doesn't bear thinking about.
MORE: Has Adnan Januzaj really dived more times in his career than Luis Suarez?
MORE: Club Metro
This story won't end and it's driving everyone crazy, but I can't put it to rest without highlighting the people that continue to spread misinformation and that continue to wrongfully blame the Baltimore Orioles for making the Super Bowl champion Baltimore Ravens open their season on the road. Eutaw Street Report's Andrew Stetka fought the good fight last night on Twitter and highlighted NFL employees and reporters that specifically targeted and criticized the O's for the schedule conflict.
In short, if you don't know by now, the game wasn't moved because Major League Baseball, the visiting Chicago White Sox and the MLB Player's Association didn't agree to change the time. All three would have had to signed off. In addition to these details, the NFL wouldn't move the game to Wednesday, despite playing their Kickoff Game on a Wednesday last season, and used the Jewish holiday Rosh Hashanah (which lasts from Wednesday-Friday) as the reason for only allowing the Ravens to open on Thursday night.
With all that said, here are a few people who work for the league and for Commissioner Roger Goodell who wrongly criticized the Orioles for the Ravens opening their season in Denver.
Greg Aiello – NFL PR
Tell the Orioles Birdman. RT @birdman546: @gregaiello this game should be in Baltimore. What a shame — Greg Aiello (@gregaiello) September 6, 2013
Brian McCarthy – NFL PR
@EdwardStGrey23 we wanted the game to be in Baltimore. orioles wouldn't move their game — Brian McCarthy (@NFLprguy) September 5, 2013
@AStetka we wanted the game in Baltimore. orioles wouldn't move their game — Brian McCarthy (@NFLprguy) September 5, 2013
@AStetka conflict with Jewish holiday. we don't make more or less money if game is in balt or Denver. we were not happy we had to move game — Brian McCarthy (@NFLprguy) September 5, 2013
Albert Breer – NFL.com
Bet there are no storms in Baltimore. #ThanksOrioles — Albert Breer (@AlbertBreer) September 6, 2013
Fourth place-Orioles leading the last-place White Sox 3-1 in Baltimore. Must be tense there. — Albert Breer (@AlbertBreer) September 6, 2013
This weather delay, brought to you exclusively by the Orioles' inferiority complex. — Albert Breer (@AlbertBreer) September 6, 2013
Just passed along to me…Orioles announced 17,383 at Camden Yards tonight. NFL pregame concert — a concert — in Inner Harbor drew 42,500. — Albert Breer (@AlbertBreer) September 6, 2013
Dave Dameshek – NFL.com
First nominee for the Shame/Shek Report: the Baltimore Orioles. — Dave Dameshek (@Dameshek) September 6, 2013
Additionally, Al Michaels commented on the Orioles being unwilling to change their game for the Ravens during Thursday's broadcast.
It's alarming how many reporters the NFL employs that share the same factually incorrect opinion about the Orioles. Thankfully there were a few people out there who talked some sense into folks.
@darrenrovell Actually, it was the NFL that made a "stink." The Orioles game was scheduled long before. — Craig Calcaterra (@craigcalcaterra) September 6, 2013
@jfish80 But it wasn't possible. And when the NFL was told this they threw a temper tantrum. Still are, via PR people and NFL media. — Craig Calcaterra (@craigcalcaterra) September 6, 2013
@jfish80 Moving it was not in the Orioles power. It required signoff from the White Sox and the MLBPA, both of whom were unwilling. cont'd — Craig Calcaterra (@craigcalcaterra) September 6, 2013
The Orioles should've totally done the right thing and moved the game. The NFL woulda done it for them! Oh, wait … http://t.co/2K3oBuqDfK — Craig Calcaterra (@craigcalcaterra) September 6, 2013
Okay. Maybe just one.
When Hawks center Dwight Howard was with the Los Angeles Lakers in 2013, he had quite the sweet tooth.
In the March 27th Analytics Issue of ESPN The Magazine, “The NBA's Secret Addition” follows Howard's journey to a healthy lifestyle during 2013 when he ate 24 candy bars a day and suffered from various aches and pains.
In the article, Howard was consulted by Lakers' team nutritionist Dr. Cate Shanahan who spoke to Howard about cutting back on sugar for two weeks.
“To alter Howard's diet, though, Shanahan first had to understand it. After calls with his bodyguard, chef and a personal assistant, she uncovered a startling fact: Howard had been scarfing down about two dozen chocolate bars' worth of sugar every single day for years, possibly as long as a decade,” ESPN's Baxter Holmes writes.
“Skittles, Starbursts, Rolos, Snickers, Mars bars, Twizzlers, Almond Joys, Kit Kats and oh, how he loved Reese's Pieces. He'd eat them before lunch, after lunch, before dinner, after dinner, and like any junkie, he had stashes all over -- in his kitchen, his bedroom, his car, a fix always within reach. (Shanahan) told his assistants to empty his house, and they hauled out his monstrous candy stash in boxes -- yes, boxes, plural.”
The full story “The NBA's Secret Addiction” can be read on ESPN.com.
Suggested video:
Liberals and conservatives alike know Virginia Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli for his opposition to government projects of all sizes—from Obamacare to public parks. But you can't really call him a libertarian, either, considering his opposition to gay marriage and support for barriers to abortion.
Complicating things somewhat, the Virginian-Pilot reports that Cuccinelli, who's running for governor, told a group of students at the University of Virginia this week that he supported the drug policy experimentation happening in Colorado and Washington:
"I'm not sure about Virginia's future [in terms of marijuana legalization]," the newspaper quoted Cuccinelli saying. "But I and a lot of people are watching Colorado and Washington to see how it plays out." Cuccinelli's marijuana comments surprised U.Va. political science professor Larry Sabato, whose class Cuccinelli address. Sabato noted "Cuccinelli stressed he wouldn't be recommending changes anytime soon. But he praised states such as Colorado for experimenting with marihuana legalization, saying this was federalism in action. He said twice his views were 'evolving" on the subject."
When will the rest of the Tea Party--and maybe Obama--follow suit?
A Blacktown man who saved a baby girl when she was thrown from the window of a burning unit this morning has said he "caught her like a football".
Kristy Morton and Luke Hayes were woken up by thick black smoke filling their second-floor Blacktown unit this morning, and made a desperate decision to throw baby Nevaeh Rose out the window.
Waiting neighbours caught little Nevaeh, whose name is "heaven" spelled backwards, with a blanket.
Mr Finn (R) with the family who escaped the burning unit block, and their baby Nevaeh. (9NEWS) ()
One of her rescuers, Tony Finn, has insisted he is not a hero and said "it's just something anyone would do in that time of crisis".
"We used the blanket to catch her when they chucked her down for us," he said.
"[We] caught her like a football – pretty much just arms out and pulled her back in."
Firefighters were called to the burning residential block on Bruce Street about 7.35am today.
Firefighters rushed to the scene of the blaze at about 7.35am today. (9NEWS) ()
The unit block has been gutted by fire. (Supplied) ()
Eight people were treated at the scene for smoke inhalation and four of those have been taken to Blacktown Hospital.
The Morton-Hayes family have since been put up at the Blacktown Travelodge by the Department of Housing.
They said they have lost "everything" and the fire has damaged their unit, cracking the walls.
Kristy Morton, Nevaeh, and her partner Luke Hayes. (9NEWS) ()
Kristy Morton and her baby Nevaeh. (9NEWS) ()
Another neighbour, Charlie, remains in hospital after he ran upstairs to try to help people out of the burning unit block.
"He's the true hero really," Mr Finn said.
Initial inquiries suggest the fire is not suspicious but a full investigation is underway.
Anyone with information is urged to contact Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000.
© Nine Digital Pty Ltd 2019
Taking the Eudyptula Challenge
Please consider subscribing to LWN Subscriptions are the lifeblood of LWN.net. If you appreciate this content and would like to see more of it, your subscription will help to ensure that LWN continues to thrive. Please visit this page to join up and keep LWN on the net.
Linux kernel development is tricky to learn. Though there are lots of resources available covering many of the procedural and technical facets of kernel development as well as a mailing list for kernel newbies, it can still be difficult to figure out how to get started. So some kind of "challenge" may be just what the penguin ordered: a series of increasingly difficult, focused tasks targeted at kernel development. As it turns out, the Eudyptula Challenge—which has been attracting potential kernel hackers since February—provides exactly that.
As the challenge web page indicates, it was inspired by the Matasano Crypto Challenge (which, sadly, appears to be severely backlogged and not responding to requests to join). The name of the challenge comes from the genus of the Little Penguin (Eudyptula minor) and the pseudonymous person (people?) behind the challenge goes by "Little Penguin" (or "Little" for short).
Getting started
Signing up for the challenge is easy; just send an email to little at eudyptula-challenge.org . In fact, it is so easy that more than 4700 people have done so, according to Little, which is many more than were expected. The first message one receives establishes the "rules" of the challenge as well as assigning an ID used in all of the subsequent email correspondence with Little. After that, the first task of the challenge is sent.
All of the interaction takes place via email, just like Linux kernel development. For the most part, the tasks just require locally building, changing, and running recent kernels. There are a few tasks where participants will need to interact with the wider kernel community, however. A recent rash of cleanup patches in the staging tree may quite possibly be related to the challenge.
I started the challenge on March 3 after seeing a Google+ post about it. I have done some kernel programming along the way. I did a couple of minor patches a few years back and some more extensive hacking many moons ago—back in the 2.4 days—and some before that as well. So I was by no means a complete novice. I have a good background in C programming and try to keep up with the Kernel page of a certain weekly publication. While all of that was helpful, it still was quite a bit of work to complete the twenty tasks that make up the challenge. It took a fair amount of effort, but it was also a lot of fun—and I learned a ton in the process.
While I won't be revealing the details on any of the tasks (and Little tells me that some have been tweaked over time and may be different than the ones I did), I can describe the general nature and subject areas for the tasks. It should be no surprise that the first task is a kernel-style "hello world" of sorts. From there, things get progressively harder, in general, and the final task was fairly seriously ... well ... challenging.
Building both mainline and linux-next kernels figures into most of the tasks. Many of the tasks also require using the assigned ID in some way. Not surprisingly, kernel modules figure prominently in many of the tasks. As you progress through the early tasks, you will learn about creating devices, debugfs, and sysfs. In addition, kernel coding style, checkpatch.pl , sparse , and how to submit patches are all featured.
In the later tasks, things like locking, kernel data structures, different kinds of memory allocation, kernel threads and wait queues, as well as a few big subsystems, such as networking and filesystems, are encountered. It is, in some sense, a grand tour of the kernel and how to write code for it. Which is not to say that it covers everything—that might require a tad more than twenty tasks—but it does get you into lots of different kernel areas. There are even plans to add more tasks once there is a good chunk of people (say 40–50) who have completed the challenge, Little said. At the current rate, that will be several months out.
Participant progress
The challenge is not a race of any kind—unless, perhaps, you are trying to complete it so you can write an article about it—but at least twenty people have completed it in the three months since it was announced. Given the nature of the challenge, it's a bit difficult to pin down how many are actually actively still working on it, but the statistics on how many have completed certain tasks can give a bit of a picture.
Roughly three-quarters of the 4700 who have signed up have never completed the first task. Presumably many of those were just curious about the challenge without any real intention to participate. But it is entirely possible that some of those folks are still working on that first task and may eventually work their way through the whole thing. On the other hand, though, that means that around 1200 folks have gotten a module built and loaded into their kernel, which is quite an accomplishment for those participants—and for the challenge.
The bulk of the participants are still working on tasks up through number six and there are less than 100 working on tasks ten and higher. Some of that may be due to some tasks' queues being slower than others. There is manual review that needs to be done for each task, and some tasks take longer than others to review. It might not have been designed that way, but that sort of simulates the review process for kernel patches, which features unknown wait times. Longer queues may also be caused by participants having to try several times on certain tasks, while other tasks are commonly "solved" the first time.
Often the tasks are described loosely enough that there are several to many different ways to complete them. Some solutions are better than others, of course, and Little will patiently point participants in the right direction when they choose incorrectly. I found that the more open-ended the task, the more difficult it was for me—not to complete it so much as to choose what to work on. That may just be a character flaw on my part, however. The final task was also a significant jump in difficulty as well, I thought.
Documentation
One thing that participants are likely to notice is how scattered kernel documentation is. There is, of course, the Documentation directory, but it doesn't cover everything and was actually of fairly limited use to me during the challenge. Google is generally helpful, but there is a huge amount of information out there in various forums, mailing lists, blog posts, weekly news magazines, and so on, some of which is good and useful, some of which is old and possibly semi-useful, and some of which is just plain misleading or wrong. It's not clear what to do about that problem, but it is something that participants (and others learning about the kernel) will encounter.
Based on an April 24 status report that Little sent out, there have been some growing pains. It's clear that the challenge is far more popular than was expected. That has led to longer wait times and some misbehavior from the "convoluted shell scripts that are slow to anger and impossible to debug" (as they are described on the web page). There have also been problems with folks expecting a tutorial, rather than a challenge that will take some real work to complete. Lastly, Little mentioned some people trying to crash or crack the scripts, which is kind of sad, but probably not unexpected.
In any case, the Eudyptula Challenge is a lot of fun, which makes it a great way to learn about kernel development. While it is targeted at relative newbies to the kernel, it wouldn't shock me if even seasoned kernel hackers learned a thing or two along the way. It is self-paced, so you can put in as much or as little time as you wish. There is no pressure (unless self-imposed) to complete anything by any particular deadline—the kernel will still be there in a week or a month or a year. Give the challenge a whirl ... it will be time well spent.
Broadcasting veteran Larry King took to Twitter today to say that his hired car's windows were smashed today amidst the anti-President Trump protests that rocked Washington D.C. today.
Multiple areas of the capital descended into chaos today as major protests led to violence, property damage, and even cars being lit on fire. King was apparently caught up in this when someone decided to break the glass in the vehicle he rented.
Protestors in DC smashed the windows of my hired SUV & many other cars. I was working in-studio & am ok, but my driver is a bit rattled. — Larry King (@kingsthings) January 20, 2017
Reports indicate that over 200 demonstrators have been placed under arrest.
[Image via screengrab]
— —
>> Follow Ken Meyer (@KenMeyer91) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
Chinese Dramas to Expect in 2017
I love to watch Kdramas, but sometimes some Chinese dramas just manage to capture my attentions with their incredible plots and casts. What differentiates them from Kdramas is that they air almost daily and each episode length is only ±45 minutes. So, say goodbye to those agonizing waits ;) Here are the six Chinese dramas that I simply cannot wait for!
If you have watched Nirvana in Fire before, you will understand how good it is. In a nutshell, NIV tells the revenge story of a young general's son (Hu Ge), and his methods in bringing bad guys down were just so brilliant and unpredictable. Go watch it now, if you haven't! The 54 episodes will be done before you know it. [You don't have to watch the prequel in order to watch the sequel.]
According to the newest update, the sequel will have the same producer and director team, but the casts will totally change. So, unfortunately, there is a high probability that Hu Ge and Wang Kai won't make any appearances in the sequel. The story will focus on Prince Yu's biological son, Ting Sheng (Liu Hao Ran). And it will be divided into two parts with each having 15 episodes.
Ruyi's Royal Love in the Palace is the sequel of Legend of Concubine Zhen Huan. LCZH is the best Chinese historical I have watched -- I can give the plot a 10/10 without any hesitation. However, I do not expect too much from its sequel. Why? Despite it having the same writer, they have a different directing team and actresses. Moreover, people's reviews on the second novel were not as good as the first (fyi, lots of Chinese dramas are adapted from novel).
The story in this sequel will again focus on harem survival, as well as having romance as subplots. Female lead Wulanala Ru Yi will be played by Zhou Xun, and the emperor will be played by Wallace Huo. A great cast to look forward to so far.
This sequel is a stand-alone, so you can watch it without having seen the prequel.
This is the drama that I am most excited about! The great news is that this will air around January. YAAASS!!
Little information on two of the leads: our first male lead, Mu Yun Sheng (Huang Xuan) [top left] is the sixth prince born from a human emperor father and a spirit mother. (Basically there are six living species in the story). The second lead is Miao Ru Han Jiang (Dou Shawn) [second top left], an abandoned son of a Miao Ru general. He entered the palace when he was young. Even though he's stubborn, he becomes good friend with Mu Yun Sheng.The royal family has a 300 year agreement with the Miao Ru family, however, due to a prophecy, their relationship has broken up. The prophecy predicted that the world would become chaotic once the sixth prince pulled out the Di Wang Sword.
Basically the story will follow the brotherhood of a imprisoned half-human half-spirit prince, an abandoned son of a general, and the heir of a slaughtered tribe as they uncover the secrets of their past and seek both revenge and justice for the ones they love.
Adapted from a popular novel, this historical fantasy drama has an enormous budget which will hopefully help in creating the breathtaking fantasy themed landscape described in the original novel. The drama began shooting in 2015, and has more than 1,000 staff, 5,000 actors, 12,000 military tools, 500 horse sets, 170 characters, 20,000 costumes. The preparation stage is just beyond me.
And the trailer looks freakin' amazing.
Another sequel to expect in 2017! The directing team of this drama is the same one from NIV; thus I do expect a lot from their sequel. It will continue season 1's story of five women who happened to coincidentally live on the 22nd floor of the Ode to Joy apartment. The sequel will still have the same casts, same writer, and same directors. It was actually going to air sooner, but because of perfecting the script, they delayed the shooting till late September.
Unlike season 1 that focus on friendship, this upcoming season places more emphasis on their character development. In addition, for Bao Yi Fan (Yang Shuo) x Andi (Liu Tao) shipper, we will have more of BYF screen times ;). And the director has spoiled the fact that Guan Guan (Qiao Xin) will no longer wear her glasses, and will have a major character change.
You might need to watch the prequel before starting the sequel.
See the cast? They are Sun Li (LCZH) and Chen Xiao (Yun Zhong Ge and The Romance of Condor Heroes). This drama will be a total of 40 episodes. It follows the story of Zhou Ying, who was sold by her father, Zhou Lao Si, to the Shen family as a maid. And yet, she escapes and hides inside the sedan of Wu Young Master, Wu Ping. With her business trade talent, she's recognized by the Wu family and was allowed to stay in their household. In order to save Wu Ping who's in a coma, she married into the family (according to Chinese's superstition, marriage is a good thing so it will be a great help in healing somebody's illness) but unluckily the young master passed away. The Wu family becomes bankrupt, and Zhou Ying has no choice but to build up the business. She faces many obstacles but becomes successful later on.
Even though it has a great cast and the plot sounds interesting enough, my expectatons are not super high since I have never watched any of the previous works of the directors nor the writers. Hopefully, this will turn out good as many people are excited about it!
Ever since Scarlet Heart and Sound of the Desert, I have loved Cecilia Liu so I am quite excited for this to come out. It will have time travel/two dimensions, along with some romance, political struggles, adventure, and war. This drama delivers a message that "if we were to create another dimension, life could restart but we would still value the things we currently cherish." It wants us, the audience, to live in the present and cherish all the things we have now.
Female protagonist, Feng Qing Chen (Cecilia Liu), is a sorceress of Mingyi Tower, the secret organisation tasked with protecting the royal family. Yuan Ling (William Chan) is a prince from Western Wei, a ruling kingdom during the Northern and Southern Dynasties. He is described as an “untamed wolf” who appears to be cold and calculating, yet actually cares deeply for his loved ones. After getting to know each other, Feng Qing Chen is impressed by Yuan Ling's abilities and suppresses her feelings for the sake of seeing him ascend his rightful position. Despite Qing Chen's contributions to the kingdom, the court is vehemently against Yuan Ling marrying a woman who dabbles in black magic. Yuan Zhan (Xu Joe) launches a coup on the day of the wedding ceremony, and Qing Chen uses her powers to reset the universe in an effort to prevent further bloodshed. Qing Chen is eventually able to heal the rift between Yuan Ling and Yuan Zhan, allowing them to join hands to overthrow the corrupt officials and return peace to the land.
This drama is expected to be great because it has an extremely strong team consisting of the director of Scarlet Heart, a popular writing team, a costume director who has received a LOT of awards, a famous wushu director, and the art director from LCZH.
What 2017 Chinese Drama are you most excited about?
With over US$25 Million Invested in Five Cannabis Operations Across the United States, iAnthus Continues to Grow and Diversify its Operations in Q2 2017
NEW YORK, NY and TORONTO, ON--(Marketwired - August 28, 2017) - iAnthus Capital Holdings, Inc. ("iAnthus" or "the Company"), ( CSE : IAN) ( CSE : IAN.CN) ( CNSX : IAN) ( OTCQB : ITHUF), which owns, operates, and partners with licensed cannabis operations throughout the United States, is pleased to announce the release of its interim financial statements and MD&A for the second quarter of 2017 and to provide an update on existing operations and strategic partnerships.
"This was a strategically important quarter for iAnthus as we announced our entry into the 20 million-person New York market and continued to expand upon our established operations in four other states," said Hadley Ford, Chief Executive Officer of iAnthus. "The United States cannabis industry is a US$7 billion legal market growing at 30%+ per year. iAnthus is leveraging its extensive expertise in operations, capital markets, real estate and government relations to become the pre-eminent cannabis operator in the country. We are pleased with our progress in the first half of 2017 in building our capacity in key states across the U.S. and continue to offer public investors a unique way to participate in the growth of the U.S. cannabis market."
Citiva Medical, LLC ("Citiva NY") and Citiva, LLC ("Citiva USA" and together with Citiva NY, "Citiva") Highlights (New York):
Signed Letter of Intent ("LOI") to acquire 100% of Citiva NY and Citiva USA for US$18.0 million; US$14.4 million in stock, US$3.6 million in cash;
Acquisition provides iAnthus exposure to one of the nation's biggest markets, with a state-wide population of 20 million people;
Only 10 licenses have been granted within New York State;
Citiva was granted dispensary locations in two New York City boroughs, Brooklyn and Staten Island, in addition to Dutchess County and Chemung County;
Citiva's Brooklyn dispensary is expected to be one of only three competitors operating within a borough of 2.6 million people, and its Staten Island dispensary is expected to be the only licensee within a borough of 500,000 residents;
In final stages of securing 4.4 acres of shovel-ready land, with an option to purchase an additional 10.1 acres of adjacent land, for the development of the cultivation and processing facility. If the option is exercised, the total purchase price is expected to be ~US$1.1 million for the total of 14.5 acres;
Citiva is in the final stages of securing leases for its four dispensary locations;
The medical cannabis program has continued to expand with additional proposed enhancements, announced on August 10, 2017. Some of the proposed changes include: allowance of chewable tablets, lozenges, ointments, and metered ground plant preparation, as a form of patient use and broadening the capability for registered organizations to advertise;
Citiva expects that it will open its Brooklyn and Staten Island dispensaries within next 4-6 months, with the cultivation facility to be operational within 9-12 months; upon closing of the transaction, iAnthus will have 100% ownership of the Citiva entities; and
The acquisition is expected to close this fall.
Mayflower Medicinals, Inc. ("Mayflower") Highlights (Massachusetts):
Massachusetts continues to show robust patient growth with 43,653 registered patients, up 10% year to date; there are currently 11 dispensaries in Massachusetts, and management estimates that at least three open dispensaries are generating in excess of US$10 million of run-rate revenues;
Mayflower's Boston dispensary build-out is expected to be finalized by Nov 1, 2017; one of only three current locations in the city, with a half mile non-compete zone mandated by Boston city ordinance;
Mayflower's second and third dispensary locations are in the final process for local approvals and have yet to be publicly disclosed; both locations are strategically positioned in heavily trafficked areas, with minimal competition and large catchment areas;
Mayflower's Holliston 36,000 square foot cultivation and processing location received approval for Phase 1 of the FCR (Final Certification of Registration) on July 28, 2017: Seeds are expected to be planted in Q4 2017, with product ready in Q1 2018.
Jaime Lewis, Mayflower's chief operating officer, was recently appointed to the Massachusetts Cannabis Advisory Board; The 25-person board is comprised of cannabis industry experts, law enforcement representatives, patient advocates, healthcare professionals, and other business community leaders who will wield significant influence over how regulators will implement and govern the state's medical and recreational cannabis programs; and The group will advise and provide recommendations to the five-member Cannabis Control Commission, which is responsible for the implementation and oversight of the legal cannabis market in Massachusetts;
As of June 30, 2017, iAnthus had extended a loan of US$7.0 million toward the build-out of the Mayflower project. The current balance of the loan for the project is US$9.7 million. iAnthus is currently working with Mayflower and its management company, Pilgrim Rock, to finalize iAnthus' 79% equity ownership in Pilgrim Rock, which will provide a broad range of real estate and equipment leasing, IP licensing and professional services to Mayflower. We anticipate this to be completed in the third quarter of 2017.
Organix, LLC ("Organix") Highlights (Colorado):
Revenue in the state is on pace to hit US$1.5 billion this year, up 25% over 2016;
Organix had US$1.6 million net sales in the first half of 2017 and has an approximate 29% share of the local market in Breckinridge, CO;
Serving ~4,500+ rec customers and patients per month: Average sale per recreational customer: US$51.25 Average sale per medical patient: US$60.77
Cultivation upgrades are now complete and we expect yields to improve in the upcoming ski season;
iAnthus has 100% equity ownership of two Colorado subsidiaries, which together acquired all non-cannabis assets of Organix and which provide a broad range of real estate and equipment leasing, IP licensing and professional services.
Grassroots Vermont ("Grassroots") Highlights (Vermont):
US$465,000 net sales through June 30, 2017: Run rate revenue in 2Q was US$930,000, up 60% vs same time period last year.
Recently submitted proposal to open an additional dispensary location: New location is allowed due to recent legislative changes; and Much larger catchment area than current location.
Grassroots recently completed upgrades to its cultivation facility: The project is expected to meet increased supply for our new proposed location, raise yields, support consistent harvest cycles, and improve product quality.
Recent legislative changes allow for Grassroots to convert from a non-profit organization into a for-profit entity: iAnthus is currently working with Grassroots to convert its US$775,000 loan and services contract into a controlling equity position in a for-profit management company later this year.
Reynolds Greenleaf & Associates, LLC ("RGA") Highlights (New Mexico):
Revenues in New Mexico were US$39.8 million through June 2017;
RGA realized US$3.9 million in sales across its three managed licenses for 2017 YTD, a 34% increase over the same period in 2016;
RGA opened a sixth dispensary, its fifth in the Albuquerque metro area: In the first four months of operations, the newest dispensary has generated US$321,000 in revenue; and Through June 30, 2017, the average revenue per dispensary was over US$111,000 monthly;
In Q2 2017, over 6,000 unique patients made purchases per month, a 29% increase over Q1 2017; Average sale per patient: US$44.00;
iAnthus currently owns 29% of RGA.
About iAnthus Capital Holdings, Inc.
iAnthus Capital Holdings, Inc. provides investors diversified exposure to best-in-class licensed cannabis cultivators, processors and dispensaries throughout the United States. Founded by entrepreneurs with decades of experience in operations, investment banking, corporate finance, law and healthcare services, iAnthus provides a unique combination of capital and hands-on operating and management expertise. The Company harnesses these skills to support operations across five states. For more information, visit www.iAnthuscapital.com.
Forward Looking Statements
Statements in this news release that are forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties concerning the specific factors disclosed here and elsewhere in iAnthus' periodic filings with Canadian securities regulators. When used in this news release, words such as "will, could, plan, estimate, expect, intend, may, potential, believe, should," and similar expressions, are forward-looking statements.
Forward-looking statements may include, without limitation, statements including statements related to the conversion of loans to majority control equity positions, summaries of historical operating performances, upcoming operational goals and closing of the proposed transaction with Citiva.
Although iAnthus has attempted to identify important factors that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements, there can be other factors that cause results, performance or achievements not to be as anticipated, estimated or intended, including, but not limited to: dependence on obtaining regulatory approvals; investing in target companies or projects which have limited or no operating history and are engaged in activities currently considered illegal under US Federal laws; change in laws; limited operating history; reliance on management; requirements for additional financing; competition; hindering market growth and state adoption due to inconsistent public opinion and perception of the medical-use and adult-use marijuana industry and; regulatory or political change.
There can be no assurance that such information will prove to be accurate or that management's expectations or estimates of future developments, circumstances or results will materialize. As a result of these risks and uncertainties, the results or events predicted in these forward-looking statements may differ materially from actual results or events.
Accordingly, readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements in this news release are made as of the date of this release. iAnthus disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise such information, except as required by applicable law, and iAnthus does not assume any liability for disclosure relating to any other company mentioned herein.
The Canadian Securities Exchange has not reviewed, approved or disapproved the content of this news release.
Gaming NewsMay 30, 2016 at 3:30a PSTby luckie Weve seen Get Even  the game is alive and kicking Get Even, an FPS thriller with super-realistic graphics from Polish team The Farm 51, is still in works. However, the game's release date is a mystery  there is no telling whether it will be out this year.
We havent heard about Get Even for some time now, and some may have wondered if the game is still in developement. Our team has visited Gliwice, Poland, where The Farm 51 is based, and had a close encounter with the ambitious thriller shooter. Although we cannot share any details about the demo we saw, we can assure you that the game is alive and kicking.
The most impressive thing about Get Even are the graphics. Created by means of 3D scanning, the games visuals look absolutely stunning  the lighting and the level of details are top-notch. At the same time, it takes fewer funds and effort to make it this way than with the use of traditional methods.
Get Even looks amazing, but this is not the only good thing about the game.
Get Even will apparently offer the player much freedom when it comes to playstyle. The demo we saw presented one way to overcome an in-game obstacle and the consequences it brought, but there are more ways to solve it, developers assured us.
The bad news is that The Farm 51 are not sure if Get Even will be out in 2016, as promised almost a year ago. The game will be published by Bandai Namco for PC, Xbox One, and PlayStation 4. Apart from Get Even, the Polish studio (which previously gave us Painkiller Hell & Damnation and Deadfall Adventures) is currently working on two other projects: online f2p shooter World War 3 and a virtual reality tour Chernobyl VR Project.
After doing its best to enforce a news blackout on a report its chief foreign correspondent Richard Engel was missing in Syria since last week, NBC News starred Engel and two of his crewmembers on ratings-hungry “Today” show Tuesday morning.
“We begin with the news we just received this morning…Richard Engel and his team were freed from captors in Syria where they were held for five days,” “Today” show co-anchor Savannah Guthrie began, kicking things off on Tuesday's broadcast, adding, “Gentlemen, good morning, and let me be the first to say it is so good to see your faces.”
NBC had been trying to enforce a news blackout on what it called “rumors” about Engel having been ambushed by gunman not long after entering Syria to cover the fight against president Bashar al-Assad. But, after holding the press off for a time, the network was thwarted by Turkish journalists, including a news channel there that reportedly purports to have ties to NBC's MSNBC.
“After being kidnapped and held for five days inside Syria by an unknown group, NBC News Chief Foreign Correspondent Richard Engel and his production crew members have been freed unharmed,” NBC said Tuesday morning in a statement.
After describing his and his crew's ordeal to “Today” viewers via satellite, Engel told Guthrie, who was joined by NBC News's “Meet the Press” anchor David Gregory via satellite, “NBC was fantastic, informing our families, keeping people up to date, keeping the story quiet.”
Buy Photo Some cider sold at Uncle John's Cider Mill may be contaminated with E. coli, according to the state officials. (Photo: Rod Sanford/Lansing State Journal)Buy Photo
ST. JOHNS - Heads up if you recently bought cider at Uncle John's Cider Mill in St. Johns: A batch of about 1,200 gallons produced on Oct. 17 may be contaminated with E. coli bacteria.
The cider was sold from Oct. 18 to 21, packaged in plastic jugs with a sell-by date of Oct. 30. It also was served directly to consumers by the cup as cold cider, frozen cider slushes and hot cider, according to the Michigan Department of Agriculture and Rural Development, which issued a consumer advisory Tuesday morning.
Consumers who bought the cider are advised to throw it away immediately because E. coli creates a toxin that can cause sever stomach cramps, diarrhea and vomiting. Most people get better within five to seven days, but the toxin can cause life-threatening complications for some people.
A routine, random sample collected by a state food inspector tested positive for the E. coli bacteria. No illnesses have been reported.
Mike Beck, who operates the business with his wife, Dede, and son-in-law, John, said the mill has voluntarily stopped selling cider pending further testing. Those results could come as early as Wednesday, he said. When sales resume, all batches will be tested before they are sold, he said.
"In 40 years of random sampling, it's never happened before," Beck said. "There are no reported illnesses. If there was going to be an illness, I would think we would have heard about it by now."
For now, "all the other stuff is open," he said. "People are having fun, People are picking pumpkins.".
If you have questions about a cider purchase, you can contact Uncle John's Cider Mill directly at cider@ujcidermill.com.
Ken Palmer contributed to this report.
Read or Share this story: http://on.lsj.com/1MgzHdA
George Galloway, a maverick British lawmaker who had been acting as an intermediary for the family to bring Dr. Khan home, said Syrian authorities had informed him that Dr. Khan was found hanging by his pajama bottoms on Monday in his cell. Mr. Galloway, who had been planning to travel to Damascus, Syria's capital, to escort the surgeon back to Britain, described the death as a tragedy and said, “I think we will have to wait for clarification on how exactly he died.”
The response was blunt from the British government, which supports the opposition seeking to topple Mr. Assad. Hugh Robertson, a minister in the Foreign Office, told the BBC that the surgeon's death as described by his family would be extremely suspicious and “in effect” a murder. In an earlier statement, the Foreign Office said that if the surgeon had died in the custody of Syrian authorities, “responsibility for Dr. Khan's death lies with them, and we will be pressing for answers about what happened.”
According to the BBC, the physician had been held at the headquarters of Syria's national security agency, and his mother, Fatima Khan, had secured a promise of his release after having spent four months in Damascus.
When his mother saw him in prison on an earlier occasion, the family said, he weighed around 70 pounds, could hardly walk and said he had been tortured.
News of Dr. Khan's death came as rights activists expressed new alarm over what they said were repeated Syrian military helicopter airstrikes in Aleppo, first reported on Sunday, in which crews dropped barrels filled with explosives and shrapnel onto rebel-held neighborhoods. Doctors Without Borders, the medical relief organization, added its concern on Tuesday, asserting in a statement that “despite inflicting widespread injuries and damage in civilian-populated areas, the indiscriminate and sustained attacks continued today.”
A new filing by the Justice Department contains a key phrase that some might construe as a hint that criminal prosecution is being planned for Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton.
Last week, Vice News reporter Jason Leopold formally protested the classification of an FBI declaration that provided details about the investigation into how sensitive information ended up on Clinton's private email server.
The Justice Department submitted the declaration as part of “a secret filing,” but a U.S. District Court judge ordered them to publicly submit a redacted copy of the document or at least “show cause why” that isn't possible.
Trending: You'd never guess from all her crowing, but AOC didn't come up with the Green New Deal
They responded in kind by saying they couldn't make the document public because it would “adversely affect the ongoing investigation” into Clinton's private email server.
Fair enough, but it is two words further into the DOJ memorandum that will be sure to raise some eyebrows. The department claims it can't reveal the document because doing so could “reasonably be expected to interfere with enforcement proceedings.”
Via Law Newz:
Attorneys with the U.S. Department of Justice say they cannot make public a classified FBI declaration because it would “adversely affect the ongoing investigation” into Hillary Clinton's private email server. The recent filing by DOJ attorneys, obtained by LawNewz.com, is significant because it not only acknowledges the ongoing federal probe, but also asserts that if the declaration is made public, it could “reasonably be expected to interfere with enforcement proceedings.”
Enforcement proceedings? Does this mean the FBI has found enforcement to be necessary?
It should be noted that this particular phrase is used in federal law on disclosing public information “compiled for law enforcement purposes,” in tandem with another set criteria – when “the investigation or proceeding involves a possible violation of criminal law.”
The Legal Information Institute writes:
(1) Whenever a request is made which involves access to records described in subsection (b)(7)(A) and— (A) the investigation or proceeding involves a possible violation of criminal law; and (B) there is reason to believe that (i) the subject of the investigation or proceeding is not aware of its pendency, and (ii) disclosure of the existence of the records could reasonably be expected to interfere with enforcement proceedings, the agency may, during only such time as that circumstance continues, treat the records as not subject to the requirements of this section. [Emphasis added]
That's a far cry from the “security review” Clinton has repeatedly claimed the FBI is undertaking.
Cross-posted at the Mental Recession
For your convenience, you may leave commments below using either the Spot.IM commenting system or the Facebook commenting system. If Spot.IM is not appearing for you, please disable AdBlock to leave a comment.
The Biggest Factor Affecting the 2016 Election That Nobody is Talking About
Loading ... Loading ...
The specter of electronic voting fraud has lurked in our national subconscious for over a decade now. If history is any lesson, it will be one of the biggest issues in the upcoming presidential election. While the voting debacle in Florida in the 2000 election garnered the most concern during the Bush years, the bigger theft, according to Harvey Wasserman, took place in Ohio amid the president's 2004 reelection.
Co-author of the book, “What Happened in Ohio: A Documentary Record of Theft and Fraud in the 2004 Election,” as well as the forthcoming “The Strip & Flip Selection of 2016: Five Jim Crows & Electronic Election Theft,” Wasserman has been a vocal critic of the electronic voting system — one he believes is fraught with flaws and exploited to the detriment of the democratic process.
In a recent interview with Amy Goodman of Democracy Now, Wasserman said the chances are extremely likely that the 2016 election will see massive voting anomalies.
Wired concurs that a meltdown is likely, noting the poor infrastructure of electronic voting:
“Nearly every state is using electronic touchscreen and optical-scan voting systems that are at least a decade old.”
These anomalies won't be accidents, or unprecedented. Wasserman asserts both the 2000 and 2004 presidential elections were electronically rigged. He also believes Scott Walker stole the Wisconsin governorship and that Rahm Emanuel's re-election was fraudulent.
One of the most glaring examples of electronic voting fraud can be seen in the 2004 race between incumbent George W. Bush and then-Senator John Kerry, Wasserman says:
“John Kerry was the rightful winner in 2004 over George W. Bush. The secretary of state at the time, J. Kenneth Blackwell, and the governor, Robert Taft, used their power of electronic vote count to flip the vote to George W. Bush from John Kerry.”
He is referring to Ohio, the 2004 swing state that decided the election. A few crucial counties in Ohio, including Miami County, helped flip the voter count. According to CommonDreams.org, this was no accident:
“A precinct in an evangelical church in Miami County recorded an impossibly high turnout of ninety-eight percent, while a polling place in inner-city Cleveland recorded an equally impossible turnout of only seven percent. In Warren County, GOP election officials even invented a nonexistent terrorist threat to bar the media from monitoring the official vote count.”
In 2000, the swing state was Florida. There, election officials saw similar anomalies in Volusia County, where Wasserman says the vote count was flipped to favor George W. Bush.
The similarities between these states are worth pointing out: at the time of the elections, in which these two states decided the respective vote counts of 2000 and 2004, each state had both a Republican governor and a Republican secretary of state (Florida 2000: Jeb Bush and Katherine Harris; Ohio 2004: Bob Taft and Kenneth Blackwell). Wasserman says this double dominance allows partisan operatives to manipulate electronic voting machines, many of which are manufactured by companies that support GOP companies. Diebold is a primary example.
Wasserman says there were electronic voting anomalies in 2008 and 2012 as well, but they didn't change the result of the elections because Barack Obama won by too many votes.
Could this happen again in the 2016 election? Wasserman contends it is exceedingly likely. He points to court rulings that protect electronic voting machine manufacturers from revealing their proprietary source code. This draconian judicial bottleneck prevents both the government and independent investigators from properly auditing vote counts and verifying files.
Researchers have shown that hacking voting machines requires only $26 and an 8th grade education, so why isn't anyone taking the threat seriously?
With a rigged economy, a rigged campaign finance system, and rigged elections, what chance do Americans have of exercising true representative democracy? Unfortunately, not much — and corrupt elections further push the nation toward increasingly fascistic tendencies underscored by corporatism and oligarchy.
Help Us Be The Change We Wish To See In The World.
Outside on an ancient stone plaque on the wall of Scotland's Parliament building, lines penned by Sir Walter Scott reminisce about an independent Scotland, lamenting rule from London. Inside, on Sept. 27, opposition leaders and Scotland's Deputy First Minister Nicola Sturgeon fired off salvos at each other in a debate reminiscent of Westminster exchanges, complete with customary jeers and catcalls from each side.
If Scottish nationalists have their way, such discussions will soon be a feature of an independent Scottish state, as per Sir Walter's s wistful lines etched on the wall outside. Ms. Sturgeon's Scottish National Party is campaigning on the back of a big 2011 election win for Scotland to secede from Britain. [Editor's note: The original version misstated the SNP's name.]
Although the vote is two years away, it is already generating heated debate – unsurprisingly, given the stakes. If Scotland, which currently has a devolved government, votes for independence, it would dissolve a union in place since 1707, during which Britain built the largest empire the world has ever seen.
Now pro-independence voices say that Scotland is better off outside Britain. “Scotland, under Westminster control, is not realizing its potential and that is why becoming independent is so important,” says Stephen Noon, chief strategist of Yes Scotland, the nationalist party-backed independence campaign.
Nationalists say that Scotland has the resources to fend for itself economically – something that many opponents of independence do not dispute.
“We are the EU's largest oil and gas producer and have growing and successful industries including food and drink, tourism, and life sciences and a worldwide reputation for excellence in engineering and innovation,” says Mr. Noon.
It remains to be seen whether or not enough Scots believe that economic security warrants a break with England, Wales, and Northern Ireland. Only 32 percent of Scots would vote to leave Britain if the vote were held tomorrow, according to the results of a recent British Social Attitudes survey. Though the nationalists hold 67 of the 129 parliamentary seats and say they have a mandate to push for independence because it was a core campaign plank in the election that brought them to power, Scotland's other main parties are against breaking away.
“It is not normal for successful countries to be broken up to create smaller countries,” says Willie Rennie, leader of the Scottish Liberal Democrats, the Scottish wing of the party that shares power in London as part of David Cameron's Conservative-led government.
There are several international and military gray areas that will need clarifying before the 2014 referendum, contend opponents of independence.
“The nationalists have not yet told us what an independent Scotland would look like,” says Labour's Patricia Ferguson, citing a lack of clarity over nuclear weapons stationed in Scotland and whether or not the independent country would be part of NATO.
Moreover, an independent Scotland's position in the European Union might not be automatic, believes Ms. Ferguson, whose party has sought clarification from the nationalists about what legal advice they have been given on the matter, amid speculation that Scotland might have to apply anew to Brussels if it wants to remain in the EU after voting for independence.
Reapplying to Brussels could mean ditching the pound for the euro, which in turn could sway Scots against independence, and business leaders agree that the EU confusion needs sorting out.
“The position of Scotland with regard to the EU has to be clarified before the vote,” says David Watt, executive director of the Institute of Directors of Scotland, and member of the Future of Scotland campaign, which wants politicians to provide more detailed information about Scotland's options.
Watt says that the debate over independence could revolve as much around national identity as around harder political and economic issues. And even if some Scots feel a greater affinity for Scotland rather than Britain, other Scots are comfortable maintaining both identities. Scottish athletes showed well as part of Britain's third place medal haul at the London Olympics, enhancing a sense of Britishness among Scots, says Mr. Rennie.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
Rory Stewart, a Westminster Conservative Party parliamentarian representing an English border constituency. “I am a Scot and also British,” he says, adding that “creating a separate Scotland is a diminishing effort.”
Speaking in Ayr, a windswept coastal town where Scotland held its first-ever Parliament in 1315, author and filmmaker Neil Oliver – whose "A History of Scotland" was a 2009 BBC TV hit – summed up the choice facing Scotland with a marital analogy. Pointing out that an independent Scotland will remain geographically part of Britain, he said, “Scotland and England have been married for 300 years. At least if people get divorced, one person can move out of the house. If we break up, we will have to share the kitchen and the bathroom.”
Yeah dude it's crazy, but it's true!
It's an indisputable fact: The budget deficit is getting smaller.
In fiscal year 2010, which was President Obama's first full fiscal year in office, the budget deficit was $1.3 trillion. In fiscal year 2013, the Congressional Budget Office projects it will be $845 billion. That's a 35 percent decrease in terms of dollars, and it's even bigger—41 percent—if you're tracking the deficit as a share of the GDP. The percentage drop is even bigger—roughly 50 percent—if you start from fiscal year 2009, which overlapped the final year of the Bush presidency and the first year of Obama's.
But when Bloomberg News commissioned a survey asking Americans whether they believed the budget deficit was growing or shrinking, just six percent answered the question correctly. Ninety-four percent had no clue. And 62 percent actually thought it was getting bigger.
So the next time you hear a poll about how Americans think it's important to shrink the budget deficit, keep in mind that 94 percent of us don't even know that it's getting smaller.
(via Steve Benen)
More than 100 women in Northern Ireland risk imprisonment after publicly admitting they have taken abortion-inducing pills, which are illegal in the province.
The women have signed a letter openly confirming that they took abortion pills bought on the internet from pro-choice charities, further fuelling the debate prompted by the opening of the first private clinic to offer legal abortions to women in the province.
The 1861 Offences Against the Persons Act makes abortion illegal in most cases and carries a penalty of life imprisonment. Several men who have helped women obtain the pills have also signed the letter, even though the 19th-century act also makes it a serious offence to help someone procure an abortion.
The province is the only part of the UK where women cannot get an abortion through the NHS except in extreme circumstances, such as when a mother's life is at risk. As a result, thousands of Northern Irish women have crossed the Irish Sea to have terminations in English hospitals and clinics.
Pro-choice campaigners claim an attempt by assembly members Alban Maginness of the SDLP and Democratic Unionist Paul Girvan to amend Northern Ireland's criminal justice bill, to make abortions outside the NHS in the province illegal, will prevent the recently opened Marie Stopes clinic in central Belfast from providing non-surgical, early-term procedures.
In their letter the women state that they "have either taken the abortion pill or helped women to procure the abortion pill in order to cause an abortion here in Northern Ireland. We represent just a small fraction of those who have used, or helped others to use, this method because it is almost impossible to get an NHS abortion here, even when there is likely to be a legal entitlement to one."
Their letter continues: "We are publishing this letter now because of the Maginness/Girvan amendment to the criminal justice bill which we believe is aimed at closing down the debate on abortion here, as much as it is about closing down Marie Stopes. We want to emphasise that medical abortions happen in Northern Ireland on a daily basis but without any medical support or supervision. We were delighted when Marie Stopes came to Belfast as it meant that women who are unwell can access a doctor to supervise what we have done or helped others to do without medical help. And therefore have a right to a legal abortion here."
One of those who put her name to the letter, Belfast-born student Suzanne Lee, 23, told the Observer she was prepared to be arrested and taken to court over her decision last August to take abortion pills, bought on the internet from pro-choice group Women On Web, when seven weeks' pregnant. "If the pro-life people want to report me to the public prosecution service and try to send me to jail – go for it! I am willing to face the consequences because I knew doing this was illegal. I am speaking out because I'm happy to stand up in court and try to highlight how absurd this situation is," she said.
The Alliance For Choice pro-abortion group claims the Maginness-Girvan amendment, being debated at Stormont this Tuesday, will not only shut down Marie Stopes's abortion services but the entire debate.
Buy Photo City Clerk Janice Winfrey said Friday that her Department of Elections has been vindicated since the state has made a preliminary finding of no vote fraud in the Nov. 8 presidential election. (Photo: Max Ortiz / The Detroit News)Buy Photo
Detroit — City Clerk Janice Winfrey said Friday that her Department of Elections has been vindicated since the state has made a preliminary finding of no vote fraud in the Nov. 8 presidential election.
The Michigan Bureau of Elections Director Chris Thomas told The Detroit News on Monday there had been no finding of fraud but the state continues to investigate discovered mismatches between ballot boxes and recorded vote totals in nearly 60 percent of the city's precincts during a canvassing of the election results. The audit report is expected in early February.
The state has pinned most of the irregularities in Detroit's election on performance issues or human error by election workers.
“The state also concluded that this office administered the presidential election in accordance with the spirit and intent of state election laws, vindicating the Detroit Department of Elections of any wrongdoing,” Winfrey said Friday, drawing an applause from her staff during a news conference.
CLOSE A state audit found nothing fraudulent in Detroit elections, says Detroit City Clerk Janice M. Winfrey. She talks about outdated voting equipment in Detroit, and says new voting machines will be in place for the next election. Max Ortiz, The Detroit News
Michigan Secretary of State spokesman Fred Woodhams said Friday while the state has not found any evidence of voter fraud in Detroit's election, it would be “premature” to discuss its findings in detail.
The state will addres any issues with the Department of Election when it releases its full report in a week or so, Woodhams said.
But Winfrey said the audit has prompted her office to expand training for poll workers. They will now be trained for election work once every three months instead of the old practice of getting one training session right before an election.
Michigan Secretary of State Ruth Johnson told The Detroit News on Thursday that voting irregularities in Detroit and elsewhere in Michigan during the Nov. 8 election are prompting her office to consider expanding the state's post-election audits.
Winfrey said one of the biggest setbacks on general election day was the outdated, decade-old voting machines — 87 of which malfunctioned or jammed when ballots were inserted.
The city plans to purchase roughly 700 new voting machines in time for the primary election in August, Winfrey said. Detroit is expected to contribute $1.6 million toward paying for the machines, a cost that will be split with the state and Wayne County, said Detroit Elections Director Daniel Baxter.
Baxter said the new machines should alleviate the issue of ballots being jammed.
Michigan law bars recounts for unbalanced precincts or ones with broken seals, which happened in 10.6 percent of precincts statewide. The issues were worst in Detroit, where officials could not recount votes in 392 of the city's 662 precincts, or 59.2 percent.
On Friday, Winfrey called the state's recount law “antiquated” because it doesn't account for human error. She said she plans to lobby for the state to change the law.
“Michigan election laws must be updated to join the majority of the states throughout the country which allow for and consider human error when conducting a recount,” Winfrey said. “This must be fixed in order to demonstrate the integrity of the process.”
nterry@detroitnews.com
313-222-6793
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2jFiIf7
Butterflies are a very popular thing to fold out of paper. Just like in real life you can use all kinds of different colours of paper to make all kinds of different colours of butterflies.
In this post we're going to take a look at some of our favourite origami butterflies.
First up are these two beautiful specimens from Hiroaki Kobayashi. The paper he used looks very soft and realistic.
Butterflies Designed by Kanoko9 and Folded by Hiroaki Kobayashi
Partial photo diagrams available from Kanoko9's website
Here's a few more excellent butterflies from Sérgio Queiroz. I have to say that I quite like that chunk of wood they're sitting on in the photo.
Butterflies, Designed by Hideo Komatsu and Folded by Sérgio Queiroz
Diagrams available in the JOAS 2017 Special Issue
These two incredibly colourful butterflies are wet folded. That's how you get those very nice curved folds in the centre.
Designed and Folded by Mauricio Flórez
Instructions not available
This species is called an Alexander Swallowtail. This one also uses some very beautiful soft and feathery looking paper.
Alexander Swallowtail, Designed by Michael LaFosse and Folded by uschi mitzkat
Diagrams available in Origami Butterflies
Here's the same model folded by a different artist with very different colours. Gonzalo always takes such great looking photos.
Alexander Swallowtail, Designed by Michael LaFosse and Folded by Gonzalo
Diagrams available in Origami Butterflies
Here's a bit of a more complex design with a really fantastic colour change on the body.
Designed and Folded by 簡單的度過-2
Instructions not available
This design is really cool and as you can see in the photo on the right, all the legs and lots of other details are folded underneath the wings. The lighting in the photo is really awesome too.
Butterfly NS 2.0, Designed by Satoshi Kamiya and Folded by Nguyen Nam Son
Crease pattern available from Mdanger217's Flickr
Here's a really great design from Do Anh Tu that's much less complex.
Butterfly v1.0, Designed and Folded by Do Anh Tu
Instructions not available
Here's another great design that has some really nice colour changes when you use two coloured paper to fold it.
Peace Butterfly, Designed and Folded by Quentin Trollip
Diagrams available in the AEP convention 2013 book
Tomasz Krawczyk designed this great origami butterfly.
Designed and Folded by Tomasz Krawczyk
Instructions not available
Here are two more beautiful looking Alexander Swallowtails.
Alexander Swallowtail, Designed by Michael LaFosse and Folded by uschi mitzkat
Diagrams available in Origami Butterflies
Here's another really great design from origami master Satoshi Kamiya.
Butterfly TH, Designed by Satoshi Kamiya and Folded by 簡單的度過-2
Crease pattern available from folders.jp
This next one is technically a moth but it still looks really great so I'm going to allow it in this post.
Mudarri Luna Moth, Designed by Michael Lafosse and Folded by Gonzalo
Diagrams available in Michael LaFosse's Origami Butterflies
The painted paper used to fold this butterfly really gives it a unique and beautiful look.
Origamido Butterfly, Designed by Michael G. LaFosse and Folded by Andrea Borsa (Paper painting by Hilli Zenz)
Diagrams available in Michael LaFosse's Origami Butterflies
This one uses a tessellation pattern for the wings which gives it a very unique look. The legs, antennae and other details are really great too.
The whole thing is folded from a single 70cm x 70cm square of paper.
Butterfly op.28 № 12 (version 3), Designed and Folded by Andrey Ermakov
Instructions not available
Here's another really great design that uses a colour change to the wings and the body are different colours with double sided paper.
Designed by Nguyễn Hùng Cường and Folded by Magali
Diagrams available in VOG 2: Origami.vn
This is another really great design and it looks quite vibrant with that green paper.
Spring Green, Designed and Folded by Magali
Instructions not available
Here's another masterfully designed origami butterfly from Quentin Trollip.
Designed and Folded by Quentin Trollip
Instructions not available
Next we have a really awesome butterfly that's folded out of money. The photograph is really awesome too.
Butterfly, Designed and Folded by Lê Danh
Instructions not available… Yet
Here are three excellent butterflies all from the same book, Michael LaFosse's Origami Butterflies. It's really one of the best origami books you can get if you're looking for butterfly instructions.
Temko Butterfly, Alice Grey Butterfly and Joyce Rockmore Butterfly All Designed by Michael LaFosse and Folded by Maria Sinayskaya
Diagrams available in Michael LaFosse's Origami Butterflies
I really like how the paper used in this next one is a little bit transparent so you see through the wings a little bit.
Designed by Nguyễn Hùng Cường and Folded by Анатолий Кириченко
Diagrams available in VOG 2: Origami.vn
Here's another fantastic and unique butterfly design. The shiny blue paper looks really nice too.
Designed by 目黑俊幸 and Folded by Origami bluedandelion
Instructions not available
Here's a beautiful looking butterfly photographed out in the wild. Adriano Davanzo always takes great photos out in nature.
Designed by Robert J. Lang and Folded by Adriano Davanzo
Diagrams available in Origami Insects II
The colour changes in this design make for some pretty nice results no matter what coloured paper you use.
Butterfly for Yamaguchi, Designed by Michael Lafosse and Folded by Gonzalo
Diagrams available in Michael LaFosse's Origami Butterflies
You can't really see them in this photo but this butterfly has 6 legs on the bottom.
Butterfly 1.1, Designed and Folded by Paulius Mielinis
Crease pattern available from Paulius Mielinis' Flickr
This next one is folded from unryu paper that's been painted with acrylic.
Designed by Nguyễn Hùng Cường and Folded by Edgar
Diagrams available in VOG 2: Origami.vn
Hoàng Tiến Quyết has an awesome butterfly design with his trademarked curvy style.
Designed by Hoàng Tiến Quyết and Folded by Tadashi Mori
Crease pattern available from Photobucket
Here's another one of Michael Lafosse's excellent butterflies.
Butterfly for Yamaguchi, Designed by Michael Lafosse and Folded by Herman Mariano
Diagrams available in Michael LaFosse's Origami Butterflies
Here's another elaborate design from Andrey Ermakov.
Butterfly op.25 (vers.2), Designed and Folded by Andrey Ermakov
Instructions not available
I really like this final image. P. Colman folded a whole bunch of Michael Lafosse's butterflies with 15 cm squares of several different kinds of beautiful paper. Then he stuck them in a case with pins just like an entomologist would do with a collection of real butterflies.
If you don't look close you could easily mistake these for actual real butterflies.
Butterflies, Designed by Michael Lafosse and Folded by P. Colman
Diagrams for each of these are available in Michael LaFosse's Origami Butterflies
Which one of these origami butterflies was your favourite? Let us know in the comments. If you've ever folded a paper butterfly yourself definitely post a photo in the comments as well!
We move on with our Midterm Top 25 Under 25 with the second part of our five-day series. If you missed yesterday's look at players 25 to 21, you can read it here.
With that, let's move on to players 20 to 16.
***
No. 20: Nicolas Aube-Kubel - F, Lehigh Valley, AHL
Ranking in Summer 2016: 13
Position / Current Team: F / Lehigh Valley, AHL
2016-17 Stats: 6 G, 6 A in 44 GP
When Nicolas Aube-Kubel's point production surged from 53 points in 65 games in his pre-draft season to 80 in 61 during his draft+1 year, it certainly looked like the Flyers had dug up a steal with their 2014 second round pick. In a system starved for offensive skill up front, Aube-Kubel at the time provided one of the few hopes for a homegrown top-six forward. But as the Flyers' system has gotten deeper at forward over the past two seasons, Aube-Kubel's progression has stagnated a bit. First, he basically repeated his draft+1 production during his final season in the QMJHL (84 points in 61 games) rather than improving on his scoring pace. And now, in his first professional season, Aube-Kubel has struggled to make much of a dent on the scoresheet.
In his defense, the 20-year old forward has not exactly been placed in the most favorable situations. Aube-Kubel has been used almost exclusively on the third and fourth lines, and has rarely received power play ice time. But for a player generally accepted to have the ceiling of a second line forward, his underwhelming point production (six goals, six assists in 44 games) has undeniably been a bit of a disappointment. For comparison, peer Radel Fazleev (also drafted by Philadelphia in 2014) has received similar usage as Aube-Kubel this year and has nearly mirrored his production (10 points in 40 games), despite being viewed as a forward with a much lower ceiling.
This isn't to say that Aube-Kubel's chances of being an impact NHL forward are finished. The best-case scenario recent comparable would probably be Nick Cousins, who after strong scoring rates in juniors, was directed to primarily focus on his defense by the coaching staff during his first AHL season and finished with a “disappointing” 29 points in 74 games. The following year, Cousins was given more favorable usage, his production spiked, and now he's a perfectly useful middle-six NHL forward. It's fair to hope that Aube-Kubel's professional career follows a similar path, but by the same token, it's also understandable that his stock has dropped a bit, especially as Ron Hextall continues to restock the Flyers' forward pipeline.
— Charlie O'Connor
***
No. 19: Pascal Laberge - F, Victoriaville, QMJHL
Ranking in Summer 2016: 18
Position / Current Team: F / Victoriaville, QMJHL
2016-17 Stats: 9 G, 14 A in 34 GP
While Pascal Laberge's 2016-17 hockey season has been nothing compared to the hardship he's faced in his life otherwise, it's safe to say that the first year after being drafted by the Flyers has not gone the way he's wanted.
Laberge was concussed on a brutal, dangerous elbow to the head back in October -- just eight games into his QMJHL season. It kept him out of the Victoriaville Tigres lineup until December, and ultimately, probably, cost him a spot on Canada's World Junior team as well. (They only got a silver medal, so it's not like he missed out on too much.)
In total, Laberge has played in 34 games on the year — mostly since the return from the concussion. And in those games, his nine goals and 14 assists are at the very least respectable, if not a touch down from the scoring rate we saw from him during 2015-16 season in the Q.
It's clear Laberge still has plenty of skill in his repertoire — seriously, look at this shootout goal — and that the physical-but-skilled two-way game that preceded his early-second round draft slot is still reason for Flyers fans to be excited. Don't let that dangerous, illegal hit get you down on Laberge too much. He's bounced back from worse.
— Travis Hughes
***
No. 18: Felix Sandstrom - G, Brynas, SHL
Ranking in Summer 2016: 24
Position / Current Team: G / Brynas, SHL
2016-17 Stats: .909 SV%, 2.20 GAA in 15 GP
While Sandstrom may be the first of the Flyers goaltending prospects to appear on our midterm rankings, don't let that fool you into thinking he's anything less than extremely promising.
Since we last reviewed him, Sandstrom has put in an additional 15 games in the SHL. His numbers have improved slightly from a .903 save percentage last year to a .909 this year -- not exactly blow your mind statistics, but still rather impressive for a 20 year old playing in a league of men. And any improvement over last year is a good sign, right?
But let's be honest, here — that slight improvement in save percentage isn't why Sandstrom went from 24 to 18 on our list in just a couple of months. Sandstrom was an absolute beast in this year's World Junior Championship and shined as perhaps one of the best performers among the prospect class. He put up an impressive .915 save percentage through six games and was named the best goaltender of the tournament. Back when we reviewed him in our previous rankings, we noted that he was one of the more highly ranked prospects in his draft year. With his play on the upswing and an impressive tournament under his belt, he seems to be proving the scouts right.
The only question regarding Sandstrom is whether or not he'll be brought over to play for the Flyers or Lehigh Valley. While he certainly seems to possess the potential to be a full time NHL player, the Flyers aren't exactly lacking in options for who eventually takes over the crease. Only time will tell if Sandstrom ends up a regular on the Flyers roster, but I wouldn't be surprised if we see him somewhere in the NHL in the near future.
— Al K.
***
No. 17: Alex Lyon - G, Lehigh Valley, AHL
Ranking in Summer 2016: 22
Position / Current Team: G / Lehigh Valley, AHL
2016-17 Stats: .911 SV%, 2.63 GAA, 20-9-3 in 31 GP
The Phantoms' backup-turned-starter-for-much-of-the-season, Alex Lyon is an interesting prospect to evaluate as we look at his first pro season after the Flyers signed him out of Yale at the end of last year. While college free agent signings should almost always come in with somewhat tempered expectations, Lyon — as we discussed in this space back in September — simply has a long, clear track record of very strong goaltending results, and with those come expectations that similar results will show at the next level.
Lyon's first year with the Phantoms has been respectable, if not spectacular. His numbers for the season are middling (.911 save percentage), but it's how he's gotten there that's really raised an eyebrow. Lyon's played in 31 games this season. In 12 of those appearances, he's posted a single-game save percentage above .940 — a spectacular showing, and one that should allow your team to win a lot of games. But in 12 other appearances, he's posted a single-game save percentage below .900 — a mark below which you're not going to see your team win a ton of hockey games. The terms “boom or bust” and “inconsistent” are often thrown around a lot to explain simple game-to-game variance, but it does seem like Lyon's play in his rookie year fits those types of descriptions fairly well.
Of course, no one should have expected Lyon to be a totally polished product in just his first year of pro hockey, and while we surely need to see good performances strung together more consistently than we have with Lyon this year, there's clearly still upside here. And Lyon's picked up more playing time and experience this year than the team likely anticipated he would, due to injuries at the NHL level that kept Anthony Stolarz with the Flyers for much of the season, which can't be considered anything but good for his development. The Flyers' goaltending hierarchy is almost guaranteed to look different next year than it does this year, at both the NHL and AHL level, but assuming that Lyon is re-signed this summer (he should be) and isn't starting next year with the Flyers (he shouldn't be), he should have the inside track to be the Phantoms' primary starter next season. We'll find out then if this year's flashes of strong play from this year are a sign of things to come at the game's highest levels.
— Kurt R.
***
No. T-15: Jordan Weal - F, Lehigh Valley, AHL
Ranking in Summer 2016: 16
Position / Current Team: F / Lehigh Valley, AHL
2016-17 Stats: 15 G, 32 A in 43 GP
[Ed. note: A tie! Wow! Yes, Weal and the next person on our list got the same number of points from the 10 ballots cast, and rather than attempt to break that tie we'll just list them both at 15th. Another one of these is coming later in the rankings, too, so get pumped for that.]
Ah, Jordan Weal. I kind of feel bad for how the guy was brought on to the Flyers — he'll always be overshadowed by the fact that Vinny Lecavalier was unloaded to the Kings in that same deal. But even though he may have been the “lesser” part of that trade, there's reason to believe that the Flyers may have gotten some value in acquiring Weal.
There really isn't much new to say about Weal since he last showed up on our rankings. As of writing, he has played only one game with the Flyers this season after getting called up to replace an injured Travis Konecny. He wasn't able to register a point in that game, but...it's one game. I could foolishly look at some other stats to build a case as to whether he's good or bad at the NHL level, but again, there really isn't much to go by.
What we can go by, however, is how Weal has performed in Lehigh Valley this year. He's performing a tad better than he has in the past, scoring 15 goals and 32 assists in just 43 games. Weal has always been a high point producer in the AHL, but until this year he's been unable to sustain over a point-per-game.
While he's been tearing up the AHL, don't let that fool you into thinking he's a sure fire bet to maintain a roster spot with the Flyers. After all, Weal is currently 24 years old — not exactly on the younger side of prospects. It's unlikely that he'll continue to improve much in subsequent years, so his best shot to make himself a proven NHL player is right now. Of course, I'm hoping that he turns out to be just as good in the NHL as he is in the AHL, but I'm not convinced that's a sure thing. Regardless, even if he ends up being a career minor leaguer, he's probably not a bad guy to have in the Flyers system in case they need a call up. If that's Weal's floor, I'd say that's a pretty good value for what the Flyers gave up to get him.
— Al K.
***
With its cheeky celeb-packed video and instantly infectious hooks, ‘Boys' has already proven itself to be one of 2017's most impactful singles, and the lady behind it knew it was going to be big.
“The second I heard it [when] I was finished -- I knew it was one of my favourites I had done,” Charli XCX tells triple j's Ben & Liam. “I knew that Super Mario inspired coin sound was going to either drive people totally crazy or people were going to be obsessed with it.”
The single has since spawned a lush acoustic version. Ya know, for the people that dislike the best and most iconic part of the production.
The other key ingredient to the song's success is Charli's self-directed video, a pink-saturated daydream that, in her own words, “flip[s] the male gaze on its head, for a change, in a pop music video. Have the guys do the stereotypically sexy scenes.”
Skip YouTube Video FireFox NVDA users - To access the following content, press 'M' to enter the iFrame. YOUTUBE: YouTube: Charli XCX – Boys
Turns out, there was one boy on the wishlist that didn't make the final cut: high-larious funnyman Seth Rogen.
“He's one of my dream dudes," Charli admits, "but I don't move in the same circles as him; I had no idea how to get him so I just couldn't.”
When she revealed that fact on Twitter, Seth responded; “It broke my heart and made my day all at once,” says Charli.
So what sexy activity would Seth have been doing? “There was one scene that no boy wanted to do so I definitely would've pitched this to him. I really wanted someone to recreate that famous moment of Britney [Spears] holding the python at the VMAs. I would've asked Seth Rogen to do that and I think he would've said yes.”
Share Facebook
Twitter
Mail
Whatsapp An artist's impression
The original 'Boys' video concept came to Charli while daydreaming about Joe Jonas eating in the most extra of ways. She eventually recruited the poster boy, and 57 more different boys, to lick guitars, eat cereal, rev chainsaws, lift puppies, and generally give everyday activities a steamy edge.
“I basically just wanted to take this opportunity to be behind the camera and purposefully not be in the video and get all the guys to do the work for once.”
The video took two months to put together and Charli confirms it was as much fun making it as it looks, hopping all over the globe to wrangle the various talent. “[We shot] three scenes in my house … We also did shoots in L.A., New York, London, Japan, and Korea as well. We shot Khalid at Coachella and Rostam [Batmanglij].”
Charli also took us further behind the scenes and offered up on-set anecdotes about Stormzy (“He didn't really like the fruit loops. Definitely wasn't his favourite cereal brand”); Diplo (“that was the first scene we shot [and] it was honestly very difficult to manage the 10 puppies, they kept peeing everywhere”) and her top picks.
Skip Instagram Post FireFox NVDA users - To access the following content, press 'M' to enter the iFrame. INSTAGRAM: Instagram: Charli XCX Flume AG Cook
“Flume and AG Cook's scene is my favourite in the video and they were honestly so good at posing in a wind machine. They were like two Beyonces. Amazing.”
From Boys to Girls… Charli XCX is headed back to Australia this summer, as part of the all-star, all-female line-up supporting Sia's homecoming shows in November and December.
“I'm very excited. I love Sia, she's obviously not only a great artist but a really incredible songwriter, which I respect. MO is one of my really good friends and I've only heard really great things about Amy Shark. I think it's going to be a real badass, girl power moment which I'm definitely down for."
“Hopefully we'll all be sitting in a bath of champagne or something after the first show. That would be the dream.”
Rendell signs budget, laments lack of taxes on cigars, cigarettes
MECHANICSBURG -- With a swipe of a black Uniball pen this morning, Gov. Ed Rendell enacted a $28 billion spending plan -- but that doesn't mean budget debates are over.
Lawmakers claim that on Wednesday they passed the first on-time budget in eight years -- one that includes no tax increases. However, they left the heavy lifting for the fall.
That's when they plan to impose a tax on natural gas extraction, set parameters for a controversial legislative budget office and find a way to fill a budget hole of up to $850 million that could result if Congress doesn't extend medical assistance funding.
This morning, though, the focus was the Legislature's ability to agree on a spending plan, however tenuous.
Mr. Rendell signed the bill before a crowd of about 150, including dozens of Mechanicsburg children who watched the bill signing in the multi-purpose room of Elmwood Elementary School.
Superintendent Joseph Hood said the budget will allow Mechanicsburg Area School District and others to maintain achievement, continue to provide full-day kindergarten and offer pre-school programs.
The budget includes a $250 million boost for basic education. Nearly every other area of the budget, though, was cut and about 1,000 layoffs are expected.
Mr. Rendell wanted a $354 million increase for education but said the $250 million is tremendous in a difficult economy.
Even as he signed the budget, he lamented the Legislature's refusal to tax cigars and smokeless tobacco, increase taxes on cigarettes and close a loophole that businesses use to skirt the corporate net income tax.
Revenue from those measures could have been used to "alleviate pain" or build up a reserve for next year.
"Have we made enough progress? No," Mr. Rendell said. "We've got to keep going."
First published on July 6, 2010 at 12:09 pm
Deadly attacks on journalists are on the rise in Mexico, and perpetrators operate largely with impunity
On 2 January, journalist Moisés Sánchez was kidnapped by an armed group. Nine people with covered faces stormed into his house in Medellin de Bravo, a town in the wealthy eastern state of Veracruz. They searched and grabbed documents, and took Sánchez, along with his camera, laptop, mobile phone and tablet. The police took hours to come to the house. Sánchez was found dead 23 days later on the outskirts of the town.
Sánchez, editor of La Unión, is the eleventh journalist to be murdered in Veracruz since Governor Javier Duarte de Ochoa took office on 1 December 2010. As well as murders, four media professionals have gone missing and there have been 132 attacks against the local press in the same period.
Events in Veracruz state are serious, but they are far from exceptional. In vast zones of Mexico, especially on the United States border and in areas where drug trafficking prevails, journalists at all levels have been threatened or attacked. Victims include some of the most nationally well-known commentators but more frequently are reporters writing for regional and local media, online and on social media.
The free press defence organisation Article 19 documents three chilling facts: attacks against communicators are rising in Mexico, in most cases impunity prevails, and in more than half of cases the perpetrators are linked with the state.
During the investigation into Sánchez's disappearance, the entire police force of Medellin de Bravo was detained by state prosecutors. A former police officer confessed to participating in the murder, claiming he did so “by direct order” of Martín López Meneses, deputy director of the municipal police in Medellin. Sánchez had been threatened by the mayor three days before being kidnapped.
In June 2011, Frank William La Rue – then UN special rapporteur on the right to freedom of opinion and expression – warned that Mexico was the most dangerous country in the Americas for communicators. La Rue documented 66 cases of murders against journalists between 2000 and 2010, and 12 disappearances between 2005 and 2010, of which few have been solved.
The US war on drugs and its legacy in Latin America Read more
As with diseases that have a new outbreak after they were believed eradicated this evil came back to life eight years ago, when then-President Felipe Calderón, of the conservative PAN party, declared a “war on drugs”, with logistical support and funding from the US. Violence against the press walks hand-in-hand with the violation of human rights, the criminalisation of social protest, and the so-called war on drugs. Impunity gives criminals carte blanche. Organised crime and its networks of complicity with those in political power have further aggravated the tense situation in Mexico.
Many reporters and media organisations are terrified. With increasing frequency, journalists are seeking asylum in the US. Others choose to publish anonymously and many avoid writing about events that could endanger their lives.
“There is a border where dirty money becomes apparently clean ... and it is on that border where the journalist runs a greater risk,” states a report by Article 19. “It is not the consummate criminals who threaten the journalists. It is the apparently legal powers and seemingly reputable businesses that feel most threatened by the journalist's work, precisely because it is on that border where the journalist may denounce the politician, policeman, soldier, or businessman that is in collusion with organised crime.”
Media for development: does good journalism promote transparency? Read more
On April 2012, a new law, Ley para la Protección de Personas Defensoras de Derechos Humanos y Periodistas, was approved and certain mechanisms to protect journalists were implemented, including the adoption of cautionary actions and, in some cases, police protection of individuals under threat.
But far for diminishing, violence against journalists keeps growing. In 2013 alone 330 attacks against journalists, media workers and offices were documented, making it the most violent year for journalists in Mexico since 2007.
On 3 February, the Washington Office on Latin America and Peace Brigades International described the new legislation as insufficient, and said it does not provide for timely responses to demands of protection. They blame the Mexican government for discrediting and criminalising human rights defenders and organisations, and highlight the levels of impunity enjoyed by perpetrators of crimes against journalists and human rights defenders.
The flip side of the lack of freedom of the press in Mexico is the high concentration of mass media ownership and control. Almost all (96%) of Mexico's commercial television channels are in the hands of two corporations, Televisa and TVAzteca, and 80% of radio broadcasters are owned by 13 commercial groups. Some of those groups control dozens of networks.
What can Zapatistas teach Burmese migrants in Thailand? Read more
This duopoly simultaneously provokes an enormous absence of information as well as great scepticism about the news broadcast in Mexico. During the general election campaign in 2012 thousand young people mobilised outside the studios of Televisa and TVAzteca to protest the manipulation of information. The government passed new legislation but the rules of the game essentially did not change.
A new federal law of telecommunications and radio broadcasting was enacted in 2014, aiming to break down the media duopoly by creating a new private television network. It has not yet materialised. Civil society organisations were strongly critical of the new law, stating that it limits the powers of the regulating body (which should be autonomous), avoids the necessary mechanisms to fight monopolies efficiently, restricts public and social media, and ignores the rights of audiences.
Press freedom in Mexico faces severe obstacles. To give guarantees allowing journalists to exercise their profession, to fight impunity, limit the power of monopolies and open spaces to public communication media are important challenges. International attention is essential. More murders like that of Moisés Sánchez must be prevented.
Join our community of development professionals and humanitarians. Follow@GuardianGDP on Twitter.
Scott Aaronson and CS theory colleagues complain conceptual insights are slighted relative to technical results:
The trends that worry us are … Assignment of little weight to "conceptual" considerations, while assigning the dominant weight to technical considerations. … by "conceptual" we mean the aspects that can be communicated succinctly, with a minimum amount of technical notation, and yet their content reshapes our view/understanding. Conceptual contributions can be thought of as contents of the work that are most likely to be a part of a scientific hallway discussion. … Once understood, conceptual aspects tend to be viewed as obvious, which actually means that they have become fully incorporated in the worldview of the expert. … our community should be warned of dismissing such contributions by saying "yes, but that's obvious"; when somebody says such a thing, one should ask "was it obvious to you before reading this article?"
Scott elaborates:
People will often say, "sure, but as soon as you've asked the question / defined the model that way, the answer is obvious." They recognize, but don't sufficiently appreciate, the fact that before the paper in question no one had asked the question or defined the model that way.
Here are a few of the 76 comments. Travis:
Unfortunately this problem is present in many fields – not just computer science.
Piotr:
Conceptual, notably new model papers, are high risk (and potentially high gain) at the time of evaluation. … Technical papers, notably those solving open problems, are low-risk, and their gain can be easily assessed at eval time. … In a situation involving shrinking resources, a natural (if not a rational) approach is to focus on low-risk entities
Greg Kuperberg:
You can sometimes gain security through obscurity by writing long papers that make your results look hard.
Maleq Khan:
We got some nice results using a very simple approach … we could not get these results [published]. The most annoying part was the reviewers' comments, like "this is very simple". Throughout the long journey (i.e., several submissions) of our paper, only one reviewer found our simple approach as "an asset". … Couple of years earlier … a paper, which achieved much worse bound using a complicated (and inefficient) algorithm and complex proof, got published.
Most agreed this was a problem, but a few dissented. Gil Kalai:
The best papers with conceptual breakthroughs were usually also very good in terms of the formalism and other technical aspects.
Yes, the pattern observed is clearly a "bias" relative to the goal of promoting intellectual progress. But my working model of academia is that it functions mainly to allow folks to affiliate with people certified as impressive – intellectual progress is only a side effect. So reviewers try to to seem clearly impressive to less well-informed observers. Approving hard solid technical work a reviewer clearly signals his technical abilities, but approving unclear-to-observers conceptual contributions risks both seeming an ignorant lightweight, and seeming a deep thinker. In general, "certification" tends to be a risk-averse process – it much prefers a high confidence that quality is above a certain minimum, relative to equal chances of very high quality and very low quality.
I do think there are possible academic institutions that could better reward intellectual progress, but I'm skeptical that people actually want to adopt them, if they make it harder to certify people as impressive.
GD Star Rating
loading...
Story highlights JonBenet Ramsey was found dead on December 26, 1996
The tests will be run with new technology at a state lab in Colorado
(CNN) Authorities in Colorado are going to use new DNA testing technology in one of America's most famous unsolved murder cases.
But don't expect it to lead to an arrest in the 20-year-old JonBenet Ramsey case in the near future.
The Colorado Bureau of investigation is opening a new DNA testing facility in 2017 and will next year use new technology in the JonBenet case -- as well as other cold cases.
Boulder County District Attorney Stan Garnett told CNN's Jean Casarez that he expects the DNA testing results will be "not significant and not a big deal."
Garnett stressed the JonBenet investigation is much more than a DNA case. Any new results will only be significant if they can be matched with other evidence authorities already have.
Read More
Skip to comments.
Splodey Head Alert  Oregon Poll: Donald Trump 53%, Hillary Clinton 26% (Independents)
Conservative Treehouse ^ | May 29, 2016 | sundance
Posted on by GonzoII
Oh my. A recent Clout Research poll from the State of Oregon (full pdf below), not exactly well known as a bastion of all things republican, shows candidate Donald Trump beating Hillary Clinton 44 to 42%.
However, with Independent Voters, Donald Trump is CRUSHING Hillary Clinton by 27 points 53% to 26%. The Monster Vote effect:
(Excerpt) Read more at theconservativetreehouse.com ...
TOPICS:
Breaking News
Front Page News
News/Current Events
Politics/Elections
US: Oregon
KEYWORDS:
2016polls
belongsinbloggers
independents
or2016
oregon
polls
trump
To: All
by 2 posted onby GonzoII ("If the new crime be, to believe in God, let us all be criminals" -Sheen)
To: GonzoII
Beautiful!!!
by 3 posted onby Reno89519 (Like herpes, Cruz can always flare up again. Treat with Trump.)
To: Salvation
Ping.
by 4 posted onby GonzoII ("If the new crime be, to believe in God, let us all be criminals" -Sheen)
To: GonzoII
Last I checked Oregon is supposed to be solidly demonratic.
To: GonzoII
Many ex Republicans have registered as Independents in the last 10 years, they are pissed off with the establishment Republicans.
by 6 posted onby TruthWillWin (The problem with socialism is that you eventually run out of other peoples money.)
To: GonzoII
Something tells me that Trump will add Oregon to the list of states where he will make a real effort to win.
To: GonzoII
burn the witch!
by 8 posted onby Enchante (Shrillary Clinton: Hamas puts its rockets and ammo in schools and hospitals because Gaza is small)
To: GonzoII
If Trump wins Oregon he will win the other lefty states too..and we can all go nite nite early because it will be PRESIDENT TRUMP
To: TruthWillWin
“Many ex Republicans have registered as Independents in the last 10 years, they are pissed off with the establishment Republicans.” Like me. I do temporarily change registration to GOP if there's an interesting race in the primaries. In this case, I'll be voting against anyone in a primary who does not STRONGLY support Trump. Hope to go to some townhalls/debates to ask that question as follows: “Do you support Donald Trump for President, yes or no? No ifs, buts or maybes. If the first word out of your mouth isn't “yes” or “no”, then everyone here will know you're just another weasely politician, so think carefully before you answer my question. Remember, yes or no. Do you support Donald Trump for President?
by 10 posted onby catnipman (Cat Nipman: Vote Republican in 2012 and only be called racist one more time!)
To: GonzoII
Grandma's getting run over by the Trump Train!!! Woot woo!
To: GonzoII
Oh my goodness! Just imagine how bad it shall be for Hillary, come November ( if she's still around in November ), in ALL of the states. :-)
To: Sarah Barracuda
And, there'll be dancing in the streets 😁😊
To: Jane Long
Oh I know I will..but first thing before I start dancing is I will turn on MSNBC and put it on full blast so I can hear them cry
To: GonzoII
This resetting the ceiling is getting tiresome. Ought to just take the roof off and dispose of it.
To: Sarah Barracuda
I'll be watching FOX because I want to see BLOODY KELLY and her *cough* “mentor” *cough*, Brit Hume crying and melting down and twitching on the floor in fits.
To: GonzoII
ALL INDEPENDENT VOTERS PLEASE REPORT TO FT. MARCY PARK FOR YOUR BONUS...I REPETE......
To: GonzoII
"We're all independents now..."
by 18 posted onby sargon (You're either with Trump, or you're with Hillary.)
To: GonzoII
While this is great news, I'm afraid hitlery may be collapsing too quickly. The superdelegates could still decide to hand the nomination to Bernie if they so choose. He would not be as easy to beat as hitlery.
To: GonzoII
Since "independent" voters make up a good thirty five or forty percent of the electorate, that's great news for Donald Trump. I think independent voters are very energized as well... Vote Trump!
by 20 posted onby sargon (You're either with Trump, or you're with Hillary.)
Disclaimer: Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management. All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works.
FreeRepublic , LLC, PO BOX 9771, FRESNO, CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000-2008 John Robinson
San Diego Gas & Electric (SDG&E) has been getting into renewable energy in a big way in recent years, as per California's progressive Renewables Portfolio Standards, and the trend continues with a 20-year power purchase agreement for 315 megawatts (MWs) of wind energy to be generated at Pattern Energy‘s Ocotillo Wind Energy Facility near Ocotillo, California.
This large wind project, approximately 25 miles west of El Centro in the Imperial Valley, will be complete by the end of 2012 (pending government approvals) to coincide with a 2012 in-service date for the 500-kilovolt Sunrise Powerlink transmission line, which is currently under construction.
This is SDG&E's fourth renewable energy contract in the last nine months, totalling 600 MW–half of it solar, half of it wind–planned for transmission across the Sunrise Powerlink.
Tim Kelley, chief executive officer of the Imperial Valley Economic Development Corporation, hailed the project as the kind of economic jump start the Imperial Valley needs. “New construction will generate green energy jobs and help spur additional economic growth in a region known for its vast renewable resource potential,” he said, in a statement.
The project will supply enough electricity at capacity to power more than 130,000 households a year.
Some Republican incumbents in battleground states are looking to compromise on gun control, according to The Hill.
Democrats have pressured Republicans on the issue, but many have not budged regarding gun control legislation. But now they appear to be looking at the issue, although Democrats say it's just an attempt to draw in voters.
Florida Republican Sen. Marco Rubio proposed a bill to prevent terror suspects from obtaining guns and would require that the FBI director and the Joint Terrorism Task Force be contacted when someone under investigation attempts to buy a firearm.
Rubio said he was keeping a promise to Fred and Maria Wright, parents of a victim in the Orlando nightclub shooting in June.
"Today, I'm taking another step toward fulfilling my promise to the Wright family, by introducing legislation that builds on some of the best ideas that have been proposed, and improves them in ways that I hope will make a bipartisan solution more likely," Rubio said.
The Florida senator's bill could achieve its goals lawfully, "without violating the due process and Second Amendment rights of innocent, law-abiding Americans."
Rubio's opponent for Senate reelection, Democratic Rep. Patrick Murphy, called the bill a "sham." Connecticut Democratic Rep. Chris Murphy said Rubio's bill "is just intended to be a footnote in a TV ad," noting that he voted against Republican Sen. Susan Collins' compromise bill on gun control.
Mark Prentice, the spokesman for Americans for Responsible Solutions, a gun-control advocacy group founded by shooting victim and former Rep. Gabby Giffords, said that candidates are beginning to recognize that proposals meant to stop gun violence is "the political high ground."
"You are increasingly seeing candidates running on the issue, and in some cases trying to get right on the issue," Prentice said, adding that his group is working against any "gun lobby-backed plan that masquerades as public policy."
Americans for Responsible Solutions has supported both Democrats and Republicans. In August, Giffords and her husband Mark Kelly endorsed Republicans, Pennsylvania Sen. Pat Toomey and Illinois Sen. Mark Kirk, for their stances on gun control legislation, according to an op-ed on CNN.
The Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence has praised Republican Florida Rep. David Jolly for his legislation to prevent terror suspects from buying firearms. The Hill reports that could boost Jolly in his battle against former Democratic Gov. Charlie Crist.
Observers see progress in the fact that the GOP is mentioning gun control legislation. UCLA law professor Adam Winkler said, "The fact that they're even proposing legislation, and they're promoting it as part of their election campaigns, is novel and does show how much the gun debate is shifting."
The battle between political sides continues over the matter. Democrat Rep. John B. Larson told Roll Call he expected Republicans to ban sit-in demonstrations like the Democrats held in objection to GOP not taking action on gun control legislation.
Whoever imagined that, following the heated words directed at Vladimir Putin at the G20 summit, the EU foreign ministers would strike a harsher tone on Ukraine were mistaken.
On the contrary - at the start of the meeting in Brussels, Europe's new chief diplomat Federica Mogherini was content to signal a multi-pronged approach. A debate on sanctions is on the agenda, but so is the question of how to revive the dialogue with the government in Moscow. The EU gathering is the first ministers' meeting headed by the Italian foreign affairs chief.
Expectations of Mogherini are high in the wake of her predecessor Catherine Ashton, widely regarded as weak.
Mild words
Luxembourg Foreign Minister Jean Asselborn set the tone of the talks, by saying, "Russia is a big, important country that deserves respect." It doesn't make sense, he added, to continue to turn the screws and end up with a confrontation that can't be repaired. German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier would likely agree wholeheartedly: over the weekend, he announced tougher economic sanctions aren't the aim at all, though he added the names of several eastern Ukrainian rebel leaders to the list of people to be slapped with frozen bank accounts and travel bans. So the EU's reaction to Russia's aggressive acts over the past week and a half in eastern Ukraine is very cautious. Steinmeier conceded the situation has come to a head: "We must be very careful not to lose control."
Basic agreement: Ukrainian Foreign Minister Klimkin and EU foreign affairs chief Mogherini
Steinmeier appears intent mainly on softening a debate that has become increasingly acrimonious: European diplomats must consider what they say in public, he said, adding that we have no option but to "see whether we can contribute to de-escalation." With that in mind, he's looking for a new framework for talks: perhaps representatives of the newly-founded Eurasian economic union and the EU could get together to create a forum for joint economic talks. In any case, he said, Europe must try to prevent violence from spiraling yet again in Ukraine.
Ukraine must implement reforms
At the same time, the EU wants to forge ahead with its demands on Kyiv: political and economic stability in Ukraine. This goal will cost Europe billions of euros. A pact for growth and domestic reform is designed to ensure that funds don't vanish in Ukrainian state operating costs.
"The EU links expectations to the economic support of Ukraine," Steinmeier said. The question is, how promising are attempts to push the Poroshenko government toward reforms while a war rages in the east of the country?
"That's the key question," said Jan Techau,:link:http://carnegieeurope.eu/#/slide_3785_new-ambition-for-europe-memo-to-european-union-foreign-policy-chief# director of Carnegie Europe. Sanctions aren't the West's main leverage, he argued: it's about stabilizing the rest of Ukraine, and making it successful. That's why the West is putting pressure on Kyiv to really get started and signaling willingness to help, the security expert said.
The West must keep on pushing, says Jan Techau
"The jury is still out on how realistic all of this is," Techau said, adding that some say the country is basically ruined, while others say it's not that bad, but it will take at least 15 to 20 years to rebuild. "The key factor is whether the West will keep at pushing for reforms in Ukraine," he said. Russia's president is gambling that the pendulum might swing toward a pro-Russian leader. That would be everyone's loss, according to Techau: the Ukrainian people's, Poroshenko's, and the West's.
A general theory is proposed that attributes the origins of human intelligence to an expansion of dopaminergic systems in human cognition. Dopamine is postulated to be the key neurotransmitter regulating six predominantly left-hemispheric cognitive skills critical to human language and thought: motor planning, working memory, cognitive flexibility, abstract reasoning, temporal analysis/sequencing, and generativity. A dopaminergic expansion during early hominid evolution could have enabled successful chase-hunting in the savannas of sub-Saharan Africa, given the critical role of dopamine in counteracting hyperthermia during endurance activity. In turn, changes in physical activity and diet may have further increased cortical dopamine levels by augmenting tyrosine and its conversion to dopamine in the central nervous system (CNS). By means of the regulatory action of dopamine and other substances, the physiological and dietary changes may have contributed to the vertical elongation of the body, increased brain size, and increased cortical convolutedness that occurred during human evolution. Finally, emphasizing the role of dopamine in human intelligence may offer a new perspective on the advanced cognitive reasoning skills in nonprimate lineages such as cetaceans and avians, whose cortical anatomy differs radically from that of primates.
Copyright 1999 Academic Press.
Investigators at the FBI supposedly aren't happy that social networks like Facebook or Google+ don't have the same kind of facility for wiretaps that phones have had for decades. If claimed industry contacts for CNET are right, senior staff at the bureau have floated a proposed amendment to the 1994-era Communications Assistance for Law Enforcement Act (CALEA) that would require that communication-based websites with large user bases include a backdoor for federal agents to snoop on suspects. It would still include the same requirement for a court order as for phone calls, even if US carriers currently enjoy immunity for cooperating with any warrantless wiretapping. As might be expected, technology firms and civil liberties advocates like the Electronic Frontier Foundation object to deepening CALEA's reach any further, and Apple is thought to be preemptively lobbying against another definition of the law that might require a government back channel for audiovisual chat services like FaceTime or Skype. The FBI didn't explicitly confirm the proposal when asked, but it did say it was worried it might be "going dark" and couldn't enforce wiretaps.
[Image credit: David Drexler, Flickr]
Creature Comforts unveils beer release calendar
BY: KELSEY COCHRAN
Calendars come with all types of themes — swimsuit models, firemen, butterflies ... and beer?
In anticipation of its one-year anniversary, Creature Comforts Brewing Company recently unveiled its first-ever beer release calendar. It will contain a full spectrum of year-round and seasonal brews as well as limited-release options so that fans of these craft beers can anticipate their favorites at any given period of the year.
“We wanted the shape of it to look like a Creature Comforts beer family portfolio,” said the brewery's CEO Chris Herron. “We're trying to give people an idea of who we are as a brewery, and what they can expect from us, not just this year, but into the future.”
The brewery opened last April and expanded as quickly as it gained popularity — even fame — in the craft beer world. An anniversary party will break out Saturday from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. at the brewery on West Hancock Avenue.
The calendar gives a first look at when craft beer lovers can expect favorites from 2014 as well as new releases coming down the road. The brewery will continue its “Curious Tuesday” tastings, where brewery visitors can sample small-batch experimental recipes.
If the beer earns the approval of both the brewer and consumer, it goes into the production line, Herron said. The brewery's Dayspring grisette, one in a series of beers that feature locally-sourced ingredients, features organic wheat from Daysprings Farm in Danielsville and the brewery will release it at the end of April.
In the calendar, the seasonal and special releases will join the brewery's “Core Four” — the Bibo Pilsner, Tropicalia IPA, Reclaimed Rye Ale and Athena Berliner Weisse, the latter from which Creature Comforts created four unique variants.
“We're basically taking Athena and doing something fun with it,” said Herron. “It's a really unique beer that offers this pallette of creativity.”
A number of releases from Creature Comforts' barrel-aged projects also share space in the calendar, as well as three new seasonal beers in addition to its first foray into perennials, the well-regarded Koko Buni.
New releases for 2015 include barrel-aged offerings as well as the continuation of the “Stainless Brett” series. A maple-bourbon barrel stout called “See The Stars” will premiere over the summer, and Emergence, a wild ale using a house blend of four different Brettanomyces yeast strains, will also make its entrance into the market.
Contact features writer Kelsey Cochran at 706-208-2233.
Here's a monthly look at what to expect from the downtown brewery:
April
The double IPA Cosmik Debris will debut at the end of April, while the Locally Grown series kicks off with the release of Dayspring, a grisette featuring locally-sourced organic wheat.
May
Tritonia, a cucumber and lime gose, will be the first Athena variant to return in May.
June
Reminisce, a seasonal Saison, will be available from June to August.
July
The second Athena variant, a fruited version called Athena Paradiso, will hit the summer market.
August
Automatic, a pale ale, will round out the brewery's new seasonal offerings.
September
Fans of the coffee rye ale made with 1,000 Faces Coffee's Misty Valley blend will appreciate the return of a coffee ale in some form starting in September.
October
A dry-hopped version of Athena will return for the Fall. Tasting room visitors got to try this variant last October as a limited release.
November
Koko Buni, a milk porter with coconut, cocoa nibs, vanilla beans, and coffee, will make an anticipated return in November.
December
An unnamed variety of the little-known style called a Kentucky Common will debut at the end of the year.
A university student accused of carrying out the horrific massacre on a mosque in Quebec City was a fan of U.S. President Donald Trump, a far right leader in France and the separatist Parti Quebecois as well as a bird and chess enthusiast, according to what appeared to be his Facebook account.
A handcuffed Alexandre Bissonnette, 27, made a brief court appearance Monday at which he was arraigned on six counts of first-degree murder and five of attempted murder. Wearing a white jumpsuit, the tired-looking accused stared at his feet and fidgeted during the hearing.
Bissonnette — the grandson of a decorated Second World War veteran, according to the social media profile in his name — was then remanded in custody until his next appearance Feb. 21.
Police offered no information on what they believe motivated Sunday's shooting, which Prime Minister Trudeau has denounced as a terrorist act.
Alexandre Bissonnette is accused of carrying out the horrific massacre on a mosque in Quebec City. (Photo: Facebook)
"The charges that have been laid are those that were disclosed by the evidence so far,'' said Michel Fortin, with the Quebec prosecutor's office. "It's an ongoing investigation.''
The Facebook profile in Bissonnette's name indicates that he "liked'' Trump, French politician Marine Le Pen, the separatist Parti Quebecois and the Israeli armed forces. Le Pen, the leader of France's National Front in France who has won accolades from white supremacists, is known for her anti-Muslim, anti-immigrant ideology.
Hema-Quebec — which manages the blood supply in Quebec — said Monday that Bissonette is an employee of the agency.
It said in a statement that as an organization whose "primary mission is devoted to the gift of life,'' the arrest of Bissonette as a suspect in the mosque shooting has sent a "shock wave'' through the organization.
A woman donates blood at a Hema-Quebec clinic. (Photo: CP)
Hema-Quebec also said it would not comment further due to ongoing police investigation.
The U.S.-based Site Intelligence Group called it "unlikely'' that Bissonnette had any Jihadi ties in light of the postings.
According to police and witnesses, a man entered the mosque and opened fire without warning during evening prayers, sowing death, injury and panic. Six worshippers were killed and 19 wounded — all men. Of the five victims who remained in hospital Monday, two were in critical condition, authorities said.
The horrific act prompted several vigils across the country and expressions of sympathy from around the world.
An ambulance is parked at the scene of a fatal shooting at the Quebec Islamic Cultural Centre in Quebec City on Sunday. (Photo: Reuters)
Bissonnette, who according to the Facebook account was from Cap-Rouge, Que., was enrolled in the Faculty of Social Sciences, Universite Laval said in a statement. He has now been banned from all studies or research activities until the court process is over, the school said. The student directory lists him as pursuing an undergraduate degree in political science.
One Facebook picture showed a boy dressed as an army cadet. Canadian Cadet Organizations said in a statement that Bissonnette was in the cadet program in the Quebec City area between 2002 and 2004. The national program focuses on developing leadership and citizenship skills as well as physical fitness. Cadets are not members of the Canadian Armed Forces and do not receive military training, the organization said.
Among groups to which he belonged — according to the Facebook profile, which has since been taken down _ was the Laval chess club and a birding group. The account also had numerous selfies of the neatly groomed young man, who appeared to be a blues fan.
Another "like'' was for the Parti Quebecois association in Louis-Hebert, a riding in Quebec's national capital region currently held by a Liberal member, and another for H.G. Wells, author of the 1890s science-fiction novel "War of the Worlds.''
Known for nationalist, pro-Le Pen, and anti-feminist positions
Francois Deschamps, who runs a French-language web group called Bienvenue au refugies — Welcome Refugees — said Bissonnette was always making hateful comments.
"It's with pain and anger that we learn the identity of terrorist Alexandre Bissonnette, unfortunately known to many activists in Quebec for taking nationalist, pro-Le Pen and anti-feminist positions at Laval University and on social media,'' Deschamps wrote on the page of the group.
However, Bissonnette's online profile offered few clues to the mass shooting he is accused of carrying out.
His favourite citation, according to the Facebook page, was taken from the ancient Greek philosopher, Plato:
"For a man to conquer himself is the first and noblest of all victories.''
Also on HuffPost
Select ... (株)Genterprise 20th Century Fox 2K Games 3A 505 Games 5gk 5pb 9780375722356 A Label A+ ABBA Abel ACG ACOS Acquire Active Gaming Media Activision AD Vision ADK Agatsuma Agatsuma Entertainment Aizu Project Aksys A-Label Alchemist Aljourno Products Alpha Max Alpha Station Alpha Unit Alter Alvion AM Keihin Amie-Grand Amuse Anchor Bay Aniplex Anippon Answer Aoshima Ape A-Plus Apris AQ Interactive Aqua Plus Aquamarine Aquarius Arc System Works Arc Systems Arcadia ARIA Arika Art of War Artdink ArtFX ArtStorm-Lilics Aruze ASCII Asgard ASK Asmik Assorted Astron Asunarosya AT Atari Atelier Sai Atlus Avex Azgrid Azure Bandai Bandai Namco Games Banpresto Beagle Beam Beast Kingdom Toys Beat Bellfine Bench Warmer Benesse Beni Best Media Bethesda Softworks Big Boys Toys Blazepro Blister Direct Body Maker Boford Boost On Brady Games Break Broad Media Broccoli Buena Vista Bullet Proof Software Bushiroad Cafereo Capcom Casio Cave CCP Cerberus Project Chara Ani Chara-Ani Chikyu-Boueigun Chise Chronicle Books Chun Soft Clayz Climax Entertainment CMS CM's Corp Codemasters Columbia Music Entertainment Columbia Tristar Columbus Circle Comfort Commseed Comolink Compile Heart Conpiracy Entertainment Cospa Crave Creative Core Crowds of Hoods C's Ware Cube Culture Brain Custom-Craft Cyber Front CyberGadget D3 Daibadi Production Daiki Kogyou Daiwa Toy Dark Horse Data East Datam Polystar Datel Dengeki Dennis Publishing Dezaegg Di Molto Bene Diamond Dicokick Digicube Digital Pictures Digital Works Entertainment DigiToys Dimple Disney Dive DML Dog Ear Records Dorart Dorasu Dousha Dragon Toy Dragonplus Dramatic Create Dream Gear Dreams Dreams Come True DreamTech Dreamworks EA Ecole Edia Co. Educational Network E-Frontier Eidos Eikoh Ekodworks Electric Tiki Designs Embrace Japan Emon Toys Empty EMS enhance Ensky Enterbrain Entergram Enterplay Epoch E-Revolution Ertain ESP Software Essential Reality Evolution Toy Examu Exar Eyes Project F Toys Face Falcom Fans Fields First 4 Figures First Class Look Home Ent First Look Home Entertain First Look Home Entertainment Five Records Flare Flight Plan Fog fonfun Four Winds Fox Home Entertainment Fragment FREEing Freetron From Soft Funny Knights Furuta Furyu G. Rev Gadget Soft GAE Gainax Gakken Gakushuu Kenkyuusha Gamars Gameon Gameside Gametech Gebet Gecco Geisha Tokyo Gemstone Publishing Genesis Genex Genki Genterprise Gentle Giant Ghostlight Gift Global Global A GN Software Good Smile Company Gourmandise Gpara Grey Park Service Griffon Guardians of Order Gung Ho Works Gust Hackberry Hakusensha Hamster Happinet Robin Hasepuro Hashy Top In Heart Hitmaker Hobby Japan Hobby Stock Hobbymax Hoget Hollywood Collectibles Honeybee Hori Hot Toys House of Collectibles HuCAST Hudson Human I.C. Entertainment Ichijinsha Idea Factory Ides IE Institute Ignition IGS Image Entertainment Imageepoch Imagine Imagineer Index INH Interact Interchannel Inter-Glow Inti Creates Irem Isamu Corporation J.Dream Jailbreak Toys Jaleco Jenko Jesnet JHA Jorudan JTB West Jupiter Jyutoku Kabaya Kadokawa Games KADOKAWA Media Factory Kadokawa Shoten Kaga Create Kaitendo Kaitendoh Kaiyodo Kamui Karin Entertainment Kasakura KCompany KD System Kemco Keys Factory Kid Kidslogic KingKong Studio Kitan Club Kitz Concept Klon Koei Koei Tecmo Games Kogado Studio Konami Kondo Sangyo Kotobukiya Kurushima Kurushima Seisakujo Lantis Lechery Level 5 Lexact Light Lilics Lionsgate Logicool Logitech LogosGroove Ludic LukPlus M2 Shot Triggers Mages Magnolia Maid Meets Cat Mainichi Majesco Mamegyorai Mantis Marvel Marvelous Marvelous AQL Masameya Masaya Mattel Max Factory Max Game Max Limited Max Unlimited Meadows Marshall Mebius Models Media 5 Media Factory Media Works Media5 Medicom Medicos Megahouse Meisha Merlin Publishing, Inc Meister Hero Metro Mezco MGM Micomsoft Microsoft Midway Milestone Millennium Minato Station Mint Mirai Shounen MK Enterprise MMV Mori Games Mori Toys Morimoto Morimoto Industry Morimoto Sangyo Morinaga Sangyou Moss Mouse Unit Movic MSY MTO Muppet Show Musashiya Mycom Namco Namco Bandai Games Namcot Natsume Naxat Soft NCS NEC Home Electronics NEC Interchannel NECA Net Revo NetRevo New Line NG:DEV.TEAM NG:DEVTEAM Nichibutsu Nichigan Nihon Auto Toy Company Nihon System Nine's Fox Nintendo Nippon Columbia Nippon Ichi NIS America Nitro + Now Production Nyko O3 Entertainment Office Create Omiya Omron Only One Optec Orca Toys Orchid Seed Organic Pacific Racing Team Pair-Dot Panasonic Panther Software Paon Corporation Paramount Party Paradise PCCW Pega Penguin Parade Pentavision Pet Works Petit Reve Phat Company PHP Interface Piacci Pink Pione Soft Plan Peace Play Future Play Imaginative Play Set Playmore Pleasant Angel Plenty Plex Plum Pony Canyon Pop Culture Shock PopCap Prima Prime Studio 1 Princess Soft Produce 216 Prototype Ps World Pulchra Pulse Interactive Quad Qualia quesQ Questioners Quinrose Qute R Line Recom Red RED FLAGSHIP co.,Ltd Red Spot Games Reef Entertainment Rejet Rement Revolve Rex Entertainment Riot Rising Star Games Rittenhouse Media Riverhillsoft R-Line Rocket Company Rockstar Rubie's Costume Runat Russel Sakurado Sammy Sanei Santa Entertainment Sanwa Electronics Saurus Scitron Seahope Sega Sega Interactive Seijin Seiko Sekiguchi Sentinel Seta Shine Shogakukan Shopro Shueisha Sideshow Collectibles Silky's Silver Star SilverStar Sims Sing SK Japan Sky Tube Skyblue Skytube SMM SNK Playmore Softbank Sol International Solid Works Sonata Sonic Powered Sony Soyokusha Span Spike Spike Chunsoft Sprite Square Enix Starfish Starz Sting Studio Ironcat Studio Oxmox Studio Siesta Success Sugar Mint Complex Summit Summit Entertainment Suncrest Sunrise Interactive Sunsoft Suntory Super 7 Surfers Paradise Surprise Next Sweets Syscom System Service System Soft T3 Entertainment Taito Takada Takara Tomy Take Two Takeru Taki Takumimakura Takuyo Tanita Targa Tasuke TDK Team Entertainment TeamNinja Tecmo Tenky / SCEI Tera Box TGL TheComic.com Thin Red Line THQ threeA threesixty threezero Timex Toei Tokotoko Tokuma Shoten Tokyo Pop Tommo Tomy Tonkinhouse Toranoana Touchstone Home Entertainment Toy Works Toys Planning Toy's Works TOYSCOMIC Trend Master Triangle Service Try Electronics Tryfirst T's Factory TTA Twincre T-Zone Ubisoft UFO Ugame Ulala Cube Umai Unifive Union Creative Universal UraraCube Vertex Vice Victor Views Viz Media Voltec Voxpop Warashi Warner Bros Warner Home Video Wave Wave Master Weccle Ats Weinstein Company WellMADE Wing Wizard World Scope X Plus XCM Xebec Xing X-Plus XS Games XSeed Yamada-Denki Co. Ltd Yamasa Yamato Yell Yen Press Yeti Yuato Yujin Yukes Zaccapap ZC World Zenrin Zoom ZoomDoggle
Continuing coverage of a series of bomb and other threats made to several schools across Delmarva in January 2016.
Bomb threats were made against schools in at least nine New Jersey towns Tuesday, and now authorities believe they are part of a pattern that stretches up and down the East Coast.
CLIFTON, N.J. (AP)- Bomb threats were made against schools in at least nine New Jersey towns Tuesday, and now authorities believe they are part of a pattern that stretches up and down the East Coast. None of the threats was considered valid, but schools in Garfield, Bergenfield, Leonia, Fair Lawn, Englewood, Teaneck, Hackensack, Tenafly and Clifton, N.J. received the robocall threats overnight. Police are investigating whether they are related. Some schools were evacuated, while...
Several Wicomico County sheriff's cars are shown in front of Salisbury Middle School following a bomb threat called into the school on Tuesday. (Photo: WBOC)
UNDATED- For the second week in a row, law enforcement agencies are investigating bomb and related threats called into several public schools across Delmarva. The FBI in Baltimore is now taking a lead in investigating the threats, according to Wicomico County Sheriff Mike Lewis, whose county has had schools affected by the threats.
"Today, I learned from the Baltimore Field Office of the FBI that they have now formed a Bomb Threat Task Force that will continue to work with local law enforcement in an effort to track down those responsible for these threats," Lewis said in a statement on the Sheriff's Office's Facebook page. "The FBI will assume primary investigative responsibility for these cases."
Tuesday's threats impacted several schools in both Delaware and the Eastern Shore of Maryland.
In Delaware, state police said in a news release that troopers were investigating threats made at the following three schools on Tuesday morning:
- Long Neck Elementary School, 26064 School Lane, Millsboro
- Woodbridge High School, 14712 Woodbridge Road, Greenwood
- Silverlake Elementary School 200 East Cochran St., Middletown
The incidents occurred around 9:30 a.m. when a robotic style or computer generated voice phone call was received in each of the school's offices, police said.
Police said that in the case at Long Neck Elementary School, the caller stated he was armed and on the roof of the school and threatened to do harm to the students and faculty. Police said students there were immediately placed on lockdown and troopers and a K9 unit from Capitol Police Department immediately responded to the school. Delaware State Police Aviation also responded and conducted an aerial search of the school and the grounds with nothing suspicious located, according to police. Police said an administrative search was conducted of the cafeteria and once cleared, the students were moved into that area before being bused to a predetermined location away from the school. The remainder of the school was then cleared with nothing of suspicious nature or persons located, according to investigators. Students were returning to the school to resume their normal activities, according to police.
Students and faculty at Silverlake Elementary School were evacuated onto buses and transported to a safe distance away from the school while administrative searches were conducted with nothing out of the ordinary or suspicious located, police said. Students and staff were allowed back into their school upon the completion of the search and resumed their daily activities.
Troopers said Woodbridge High School did not have students in the school on Tuesday, although faculty were present and were temporarily evacuated while administrative searches were conducted with nothing out of the ordinary or suspicious located.
Police are asking anyone with information about these incidents to contact Troop 2 Youth Aid Division at (302) 834-2620, Troop 3 Youth Aid Division at (302) 697-4454, or Troop 4 Youth Aid Division at (302) 856-5850.
Also in Delaware, Central Middle School in Dover received an "automated call" on Tuesday morning stating there were "armed persons on the roof and guns in the school," according to the Capital School District. District officials said the school was placed on lockdown as officers responded and checked the roof and building. The lockdown was lifted after the all-clear was given, district officials said.
In Maryland, Worcester County Public Schools report that Stephen Decatur High School in Berlin on Tuesday morning received a telephone call to the main building indicating there was a bomb in the building. Police were notified and all students and staff were evacuated from the building, school officials said.
Salisbury Middle School in Salisbury also received a bomb threat Tuesday morning, according to the Wicomico County Public Schools. In a message sent to all Wicomico County families and staff, the WCPS said school safety officials and law enforcement collaborated on the investigation in what appeared to be a "non-credible bomb threat." Officials said that after a "thorough search" that occurred as instruction continued in classrooms, the building and grounds were declared clear and normal operations resumed.
"Students are safe in place and instruction is continuing as law enforcement conducts a thorough search of the building and grounds," the WCPS said. "Salisbury Middle has already sent out an automated message to inform its school families. This matter is being handled with the safety of students and staff as our highest priority."
Other communities on the East Coast also received threats made against schools on Tuesday. According to the Associated Press, bomb threats were made against schools in at least nine New Jersey towns. None of the threats was considered valid, but schools in Garfield, Bergenfield, Leonia, Fair Lawn, Englewood, Teaneck, Hackensack, Tenafly and Clifton, N.J. received the robocall threats overnight. Police are investigating whether they are related, according to the AP.
In addition to the threats made to several Delmarva and New Jersey schools, 15 were made in Massachusetts and one in Pennsylvania, according to the Associated Press.
Tuesday's incidents were just the latest in a series of threats made to several schools on Delmarva over the past week.
Lewis said that while the FBI is assuming "prime responsibility" in investigating the threats, "We in Wicomico County will continue to work closely with our federal partners to ensure the safety and well-being of our students and faculty members, while being mindful of our duty and responsibility to investigate these threats on a case by case basis."
"Decisions to evacuate our schools are not taken lightly," Lewis said. "After much thought and careful consideration of the facts in each case, a joint decision will be made by the Sheriff's Office and the Wicomico County Public Schools/Board of Education to shelter in place or evacuate the school."
The break-up and sell-off of the Department of Human Services looks set to trigger a fresh round of deep cuts to the federal public service.
The government began the process on Friday of searching for private sector players to take over $29 billion in Medicare and pharmaceutical benefits currently undertaken by Human Services, the government's largest department.
Up to 20,000 public servants could either lose their jobs or be farmed out to the private sector under the plan and it looks likely there is more pain to come for the bureaucracy.
The sell-off is a recommendation of the federal government's National Commission of Audit, one of many that did not make it into May's federal budget. Departments and agencies are now braced for announcements of more of the commission's ideas.
Lynne Featherstone, the Liberal Democrat equalities minister, will announce firm proposals for new legislation within days, The Sunday Telegraph has learned.
The move will benefit thousands of men who were prosecuted for gay sex with someone over 16 during decades when the practice was against the law.
Currently, they must disclose the information as part of the programme of Criminal Records Bureau checks if they apply to work or volunteer for charities and other organisations.
Ministers unveiled a new cross-government programme aimed at tackling prejudice against lesbians, gays and bisexuals earlier this year.
At the time Theresa May, the Home Secretary, said: "It is not fair that a man can be branded a criminal because 30 years ago he had consensual sex with another man."
The proposals are now expected to form part of the Freedom Bill, originally an exercise led by deputy prime minister Nick Clegg aimed at sweeping away meddlesome legislation but which is now more modest in scope and overseen by the Home Office.
Miss Featherstone's 'lead' status on the project allows it to be presented as a Lib Dem win at a time when Mr Clegg's party needs bolstering within the coalition in the wake of the Vince Cable affair.
Consensual sex between two men over 21 was decriminalised in 1967. It was not until 1994 that the homosexual age of consent was reduced to 18, and 2000 when it was finally brought into line with the law for heterosexuals by being cut to 16.
Campaigners have long protested it is unfair that gay men have had to be burdened by a criminal record for committing an offence which would be legal under current legislation.
Miss Featherstone told MPs earlier this month it was "unfair" and "unjust" that men should still fear being exposed for an act which has "long not been illegal".
She added: "Such men will never again have to disclose that information. I hope very much that those gay men whom that has inhibited from volunteering will now find that inhibition removed."
Ms Featherstone is also expected early next year to announce that same-sex civil partnership ceremonies will be allowed in churches.
Such a move will be seen as a stepping stone on the way to overhauling the law on marriage so that homosexual couples are granted full marriage rights for the first time.
Currently they can register a civil partnership but not a civil "marriage" - a bone of contention for campaigners who claim that such arrangements are seen as "inferior" to actual marriages.
News of the Coalition move follows the repeal by Barack Obama of the long-standing ban on homosexuals in the United States military.
Known as the 'Don't ask, Don't tell' policy, it was promulgated during the administration of Bill Clinton in 1993 and forced gay men and women in the service to hide their sexual identity.
At a signing ceremony at the U.S. Interior Department last week, the president said: "No longer will tens of thousands of Americans in uniform be asked to live a lie or look over their shoulder."
Image: The University of Sydney
Researchers at the University of Sydney just worked out how to solve one of the biggest problems standing in the way for zinc-air batteries to replace lithium-ion batteries as our go-to for modern electronics.
Zinc-air batteries are batteries powered by zinc metal and oxygen from the air. Becasue of how much zinc metal we have around the world (it's a lot), these batteries are much cheaper to produce than lithium-ion batteries, and they can also store more energy (theoretically five times more than that of lithium-ion batteries), are much safer and are more environmentally friendly.
Total win-win.
Now, while zinc-air batteries are currently used as an energy source in hearing aids and some film cameras and railway signal devices, their widespread use has been hindered by the fact that, up until now, recharging them has proved difficult. This is because of the lack of electrocatalysts to reduce and generate oxygen during the discharging and charging of a battery.
The researchers developed a new three-stage method to overcome this problem.
According to lead researcher Professor Yuan Chen from the University of Sydneys Faculty of Engineering and Information Technologies, the new method can be used to create bifunctional oxygen electrocatalysts for building rechargeable zinc-air batteries - from scratch.
"Up until now, rechargeable zinc-air batteries have been made with expensive precious metal catalysts, such as platinum and iridium oxide. In contrast, our method produces a family of new high-performance and low-cost catalysts."
These new catalysts are produced through the simultaneous control of the composition, size and crystallinity of metal oxides of earth-abundant elements like iron, cobalt and nickel. They can then be applied to build rechargeable zinc-air batteries.
Researcher Dr Li Wei, also from the University's Faculty of Engineering and Information Technologies, said trials of zinc-air batteries developed with the new catalysts had demonstrated "excellent rechargeability" – including less than a 10 percent battery efficacy drop over 60 discharging/charging cycles of 120 hours.
"We are solving fundamental technological challenges to realise more sustainable metal-air batteries for our society," Professor Chen added.
23andMe, the Mountain View-based genetic testing and analysis company, is raising close to $200 million in a funding round led by Sequoia Capital, multiple sources tell us. Sources say that Fidelity is also looking to participate.
We're now hearing that this round is being done at a $1.5 billion pre-money valuation. This is about 50% higher than the roughly $1 billion valuation from the last private round.
We'd first heard in spring that the 11-year-old company was looking for more money to expand its genetics research arm and develop new products.
The fresh capital should allow it to continue growing its revenue, without the pressure of going public just yet, which sources say that cofounder and CEO Anne Wojcicki is reluctant to do.
Previously, 23andMe raised over $230 million, dating back to 2007. Google, Genentech, NEA and Johnson & Johnson are amongst its prior investors.
23andMe has been leaning more on its research efforts since it was stifled in 2013 after being ordered by the Food and Drug Administration to cease sales of its personal genomics test. The FDA said at the time that the company didn't meet FDA standards. 23andMe subsequently stopped selling genetic health information to new consumers and began looking for alternative sources of revenue.
Among its subsequent moves was beefing up its medical research, hiring more scientists and partnering with genetics outfits to conduct high-level studies. Celmatix, a genetics company studying fertility, is currently working with the company for a study on how certain genes affect women's ability to get pregnant.
The FDA relieved the pressure somewhat in 2015, allowing for one genetics test for Bloom syndrome, a rare recessive gene disorder. In another surprise development this past April, 23andMe received the green light from government regulators to sell a service that gives customers a risk analysis for 10 genetically linked diseases, including late-onset Alzheimer's and Parkinson's. According to one source, the company is also seeking approval to begin conducting risk analysis on breast cancer-related genes BRCA-1 and BRCA-2, potentially putting a competitor, Color Genomics, in its cross hairs.
Based on some of 23andMe's newer hires, we wouldn't be shocked to see the company dive into drug development, either.
We've reached out to Fidelity with questions about the funding. Sequoia, meanwhile, declined to comment. 23andMe also declined to comment.
Typically, companies won't go public until at least a year after their last financing round, and usually a little longer, though IPOs remain a fairly standard path for late-stage venture-backed companies. In fact, another 23andMe competitor, Ancestry.com, said in June that it confidentially filed for an IPO in June. It didn't disclose how much it plans to raise.
Another possible outcome for 23andMe would be an acquisition. Though there's no reason to think that Wojcicki is looking to sell, M&A has largely replaced R&D in pharma and other healthcare related industries.
My son is a bit obsessed with the game of Skylanders at the present moment. My husband and I were very late on the bandwagon of purchasing a Wii and even when we decided to; our son had to trade in his Nintendo DS and its games to purchase the game console and the starter package (we made up the difference). Since then, it has been a tug of war to maintain the number of hours he (and his sister) can play the Wii, while at the same time monitor what he is playing. When he first told me about Skylanders, one of the first things he said to me was, “Don't worry Mommy, there are no guns and no blood,” and he was right, although I still think the game introduces him to mild violence. But then I remembered how many Saturday mornings I spent glued to the T.V. watching Bugs Bunny, while I ate a bowl of cereal. So I relaxed a bit. Yet, I was surprised that just as he mentioned Skylanders to me, he instantly reassured me that the violence included no guns and blood. At this point, you can guess that my husband and I are not gun enthusiasts by any stretch of the imagination and although my son has asked several times for a Nerf gun or something like that, we are as good, but evil liberals, of course replied, “Hell no! Nerf guns will just lead you to the dark side of NRA worship,” or something like that. So by now, he knows that the question, “Mommy, Daddy, can I have a gun?” should never cross his lips. But I know very well that in many households that question would be met with a resounding, “Thank God our Johnny (or Jill) has seen the light!”
But in all seriousness, as Americans have seen a spike in discourse regarding our increasingly dysfunctional gun culture and raising questions about how we can change it, I am continually intrigued in how parents shape their children's views regarding guns. There has been outrage this week regarding yet another gun “accident,” where a 5-year-old boy killed his 2-year-old sister with a Crickett firearm he received for his birthday. Crickett, sold by Keystone Sporting Arms, is just one gun manufacturer that creates and markets guns for children, which as the New York Times reported on this past January, has become a lucrative business. On its website, Keystone has images of children (customers) in various poses showing off their new “toy.”
These pictures are not new. Photographs of children with their guns have a long history. Parents, especially by the early 20th century, always had pride in showing off their children's love for their “toys,” including guns. I equate guns with toys for a specific reason because as I look at these past and present images, the main reason to own a gun is rarely shown. Guns kill. Period. They kill animals and people. And I wonder if children, in the past and now, really understood that a gun can kill. I wonder if that five-year-old knew that he could kill his sister? I ask this because if you look at these images, that reality is hidden or highly edited. It makes sense of course because if you are going to market to children, it's smart to downplay death and claim that guns are fun and promote family bonding.
Targeting children as consumers is also not new. The child as a consumer emerged in the early-twentieth century. Retailers began to expand their children's departments so that they could entice both the mother and child (fathers, retailers assumed, did not shop for their children). Department stores catered to the female shopper, especially the mother who chose items for herself and her family. However, retailers soon recognized the influence children had on the purchases their mothers made and they began to structure their advertising and department store space to ignite children's desires and cultivate their consumer acumen. Both children's and toy departments expanded in size and number. To reach children meant capturing lifelong consumers.[1]
This was not lost on gun manufactures' advertisers. They clearly understood this connection and created advertising especially for children, and especially for boys. Advertisements for both fake and real guns flourished starting in the 1950s as guns became synonymous with apple pie. American gun culture has a long history and one that has changed drastically since the late 1960s, which historian Jill Lepore traces in the New Yorker, but in marketing guns to children, gun manufacturers not only gained lifelong consumers, but also shaped the belief that guns engendered family bonds that lasted a lifetime, which helped suppress the notion that a gun is a deadly weapon that can kill in a blink of an eye, a fact that one 5 -year-old boy in Kentucky will never forget.
As I began to look at past advertisements, I was struck by the underlying gendered message. Like advertisements for matching mother and daughter outfits that somehow create some magical bond between the two, gun advertisements often deployed the same mystical world for father and sons.
During the 1920s, Remington ran an advertisement with the title, “Father Will Show You How to Handle Your Rifle” In the copy, the father explains how to handle the gun, while at the same time, advises his son in proper use the gun, “Here's what I also want this rifle to teach you – respect the rights of others. Do not shoot indiscriminately.” Conveniently behind the two is a target on the tree (obviously the tree had no rights) to be used after the lesson. It was a solemn message for an obviously touching moment between father and son. Although not explicit, the father conveyed the very danger of the object in his hands. Fast forward a couple of decades and there is the same feeling. Here, in an ad for bullets, a father and son enjoy a picnic lunch and a beautiful day for hunting. Yet gone is the cautious message found in the previous advertisement. Now, as Super-X assures the male consumer, the experience of hunting with this particular bullet and the rifles you chose will lead to a long lasting bond and loving memories.
Even in actual “toy” rifle ads (could the Daisy air rifle be considered a toy?), the object encourages and strengthens family bonds and reinforces gender roles.
Gun culture has always been gendered male. Gun advertisements mainly focused how guns demonstrate masculinity. For young males, gun usage was rite of passage from boyhood to manhood.
Yet, what about women? Well women are no strangers to guns either, and gun manufactures always saw them as possible consumers, but the messages in these advertisements have wrestled with traditional gender ideology. Does a woman owning a gun denote strength or highlight her weakness? By the 1980s, gun manufacturers and the NRA encouraged women to become gun owners, creating literature, i.e. Women and Guns, as well as feminized weaponry.
By the mid 1990s, approximately 12-20 million women owned guns.[2] So why wouldn't a daughter ask, “If mommy owns a gun, why can't I?” In addition to matching outfits, the mother daughter can be further highlighted with matching Hello Kitty rifles.
Pink and frilly guns has spawned other goods for children, including T-shirts, bibs, and who knows what else. Yet, when gun manufacturers market guns to children, announcing that guns in children's hands are safe and fun, it obscures the real intent of guns. Guns do not belong in children's hands. Guns are not fun. Guns do not promote family bonding. Just ask the 5-year-old if he thinks guns are fun now. Guns kill. End of story. ________________________________________________ [1] For more on the history of consumerism and childhood see Dan Thomas Cook, The Commodification of Childhood: The Children's Clothing Industry and the Rise of the Child Consumer (Durham, NC: Duke University Press, 2004); Ellen Seiter, Sold Separately: Mothers and Children in Consumer Culture (Bloomington: Indiana University Press, 1993); and David Nasaw, “Children and Commercial Culture: Moving Pictures in the Early Twentieth Century,” in Small Worlds: Children and Adolescents in America, 1850-1950, eds. Elliot West and Paula Petrik (Lawrence: University Press of Kansas, 1992), 14-25.
[2] See Laura Browder, Her Best Shot: Women and Guns in America (Chapel Hill: University of North Carolina Press, 2006).
Recently, my friend Bobby emailed with a beer question. He had a charity event where they had cans of Hopworks chilled in tubs of ice. He wanted to know if it was ok to bring them up to room temperature so they could be stored or if they had to remain chilled. Will it ruin the beer if it's brought back to room temperature? This is actually a very common question and myth I encounter in my daily life as a member of the beer industry or see on beer forums such as Reddit. Today's Q & Ale is: Can beer that's cold be brought up to room temperature and stored without ruining it?
The short answer is “Yes, you can bring it up to room temperature again. No, it won't ruin the beer.”
The enemies of beer are time, oxygen, light, & heat. Light causes an issue separate from these questions, so we'll ignore it until a later post. The other 3 actually work in concert to ruin beer.
No matter how hard brewers try, there is always some oxygen remaining inside the beer container. Even the best brewery still worries about oxygen ingress. New bottle cap technology has helped some, but even the best will still let some oxygen get in. Given time, that oxygen will “oxidize” the beer creating the chemical Trans-2 Nonenal, also known as E-2 Nonenal, which is particularly prevalent in beers that have been way to warm too long. This chemical creates the classic wet paper or cardboard aromas that signal “this beer is old.” Keeping the beer cool will slow this process down.
This is why many breweries, from large to small, try to ensure that their beer is kept cold for as much of its time as possible. Many breweries ship refrigerated and require their wholesalers to store their beer cold. If breweries can keep the beer as cold as possible for as long as possible, that beer's shelf life will be extended so that when it hits the retailer's shelves and ultimately yours, the beer will taste as close to “brewery fresh” as possible.
But how does the process of taking a beer, chilling it down, then bringing it back to room temperature, storing it for a while on a display, then putting it back into cold storage affect it?
As you can see from the chart the baseline temperature that beer freshness overtime is calculated at is 70°F. Additionally, breweries, on average, figure that they want their beer tasting about 70% of “brewery fresh” by the time it reaches its pull date. At 70% of original freshness, most consumers will taste very little difference between fresh and pull date beer. According to the chart, if the beer is kept at room temperature for its entire life, it should reach its pull date approximately 110-120 days after packaging. As the red line (the line on the left) indicates, it will degrade much faster at a higher temperature.
The line with the bends in it is the one that is of interest to us. This one shows the effects of the temperature going through what would be considered a normal life cycle, including cold shipping and storage with some displays and room temperature storage mixed in for good measure. The end result of taking a cold beer to room temperature? You just shave a bit of overall “fresh” lifespan from the beer.
I'm not sure where this myth comes from, but it's a fairly persistent one. The only thing that might happen is permanent chill haze if the beer is subjected to repeated temperature shifts from cold to warm. Chill haze or protein haze occurs when a beer is chilled quickly and the proteins in solution come out of solution. If the beer's temperature is raised, they go back into solution. If they, however, don't go back into solution after repeated temperature shifts, it only affects the beer visually. It won't taste any different.
So, hopefully this will give you some understanding how freshness in beer is measured, maintained, and affected by time and temperature. Keep your beer as cold as you can without freezing it for as long as you can. But if you need to store it at room temperature after it's been cold, don't worry, it won't hurt your beer!
NOTE: The numbers used above are most commonly associated with domestic lagers. Most medium to larger craft breweries will have tested their own beers and determined their own procedures and dates. These numbers will also vary based on the style of the beer.
NOTE: The MBAA is the Master Brewers Association of the Americas. It was founded in 1887 and is one of the largest brewery trade groups in the world, ranging from large breweries to small breweries. They have members all over the world. These folks have done a lot of research over the years on every aspect of beer and beer production. In other words, they know what they're talking about. They are the ones who organized the “Beer Steward” program which tests people on their beer knowledge. I'm a Beer Steward, their second level. Eventually, they'll introduce a Master Beer Steward level.
You can read more Q & Ale questions and answers here. If you have a beer questions, please use the Contact Me link here or above and ask me!
References
Beer Steward Handbook: A Practical Guide to Understanding Beer, Edited by Sephen R. Holle, 2012 (The Master Brewer's Association of the Americas)
The Oxford Companion to Beer, Edited by Garrett Oliver, 2012 (Oxford University Press)
Like this: Like Loading...
Not surprisingly, the paper found that "computational propaganda flourished during the 2016 US presidential election." Tell us Americans that and we'll remind you that bears make fecal deposits in the woods. We know, we knew, we saw it coming a mile away (but had no idea how to stop it). The same was true during the 2016 UK Brexit referendum, where political bots played a strategic role in shaping Twitter conversations and keeping pro-Brexit hashtags dominant.
The paper noted these incidents and a few more. It found that automated posting accounts, combined with fake news and troll armies and harassment campaigns, have reimagined the art and practice of authoritarian soft power in the 21st century.
Our "Facebook president"
The researchers wrote that Facebook plays a critical role in grooming young minds with political ideology because companies "such as Facebook, are effectively monopoly platforms for public life."
Add Facebook advertising to the computational propaganda mix, and you've got a mind-blowing toolset for emotionally manipulating people -- without their knowledge -- into believing, saying and fighting for whatever you want.
The Oxford paper concluded that "computational propaganda is now one of the most powerful tools against democracy."
One thing we've learned in the past few years is that the core messages of political propaganda on social media are driven by humans. Their job is to cover up for people in power, motivate and empower harassment, and make us too discouraged to do anything about their wrongdoings. In case you're wondering, the people at the bottom of the propaganda chain know exactly what they're doing.
Some love their jobs, others do not. In 2015, one of Russia's professional trolls went to press detailing her role in making people think the murder of Russian opposition leader Boris Nemtsov was at the hands of his own friends rather than by government hitmen, as is widely suspected. "I was so upset that I almost gave myself away," Lyudmila Savchuk said to the press.
The paid pro-government trolls work in rooms of 20; it was reported in 2015 that their numbers are in the thousands, making posts and comments all day, every day. Upon leaving, Savchuk said her goal of going to press with documentation, including video, was to get it closed down," she told The Telegraph. "These people are using propaganda to destroy objectivity and make people doubt the motives of any civil protest. Worst of all, they're doing it by pretending to be us, the citizens of Russia."
Another ex-propaganda troll, Marat Burkkhard, was assigned to spreading racist memes about public figures like President Obama. It's enough to make one wonder more about America's rise in open racism online. "The most unpleasant was when we had to humiliate Obama, comparing him with a monkey, using words like darkie, insulting the president of a big country," he said.
"I wrote it, I had to." Saying he quit for his own sanity, he added, "if every day you are feeding on hate, it eats away at your soul." He also noted that in his particular propaganda factory, his office seemed split 50-50 in how everyone felt about what they were doing: Half were racist patriots, and the rest were just in it for the money.
That was all before the US election, and what became known as Trump team's super-obvious social-media influence campaigns.
The new golden age of propaganda began much earlier than Brexit or 2016's American presidential disaster. Last year, Leo Benedictus revealed that troll political armies could be had for the right price in a range of countries that included Russia, Israel, Ukraine, UK, North Korea, South Korea, and Turkey. He wrote, "Long before Donald Trump met Twitter, Russia was famous for its troll factories –- outside Russia, anyway." He explained:
Allegations of covert propagandists invading chatrooms go back as far as 2003, and in 2012 the Kremlin-backed youth movement Nashi was revealed to be paying people to comment on blogs. However most of what we know now comes from a series of leaks in 2013 and 2014, most concerning a St Petersburg company called Internet Research Agency, then just "Internet Research." It is believed to be one of several firms where trolls are trained and paid to smear Putin's opponents both at home and internationally.
OK, so we get that troll armies and their bots do propaganda stuff to make politicians look bad. But what happens when they go after regular people? Or, like in the US now, end up with an entire resistance movement?
We get a clear picture by looking at what Russia's government did to its resistance during the country's 2011-2012 elections for president and Duma (its lower house of parliament). Just a couple of months before this week's Oxford paper came out, a more instructive study on social-media propaganda was published, called Communication Power Struggles on Social Media: A Case Study of the 2011–12 Russian Protests.
When people started to mobilize and place calls to action on social media and blogs, Putin's patriotic hackers DDoS'd every site possible, including LiveJournal, where the government was already running its posting and commenting campaigns. Those they couldn't disable with traffic overload, like Twitter, they attacked with other means.
How? By manipulating people's perceptions and emotions about the resistance, according to the paper. "Our analysis suggests that, in particular, the Russian government successfully used Twitter to affect perceptions of the oppositional movement's success and legitimacy," the researchers wrote.
This included "diminishing and discrediting the resistance," (like insisting on low turnout numbers for protests) but also by "exaggerating, enthusing, and claiming broad public support" for pro-government ... well, everything. They also elevated -- through creating an appearance of popularity -- certain players to be spokespeople for the propaganda topics of the day.
Finally, they created a culture of fear that encouraged people to self-censor.
"Spiral of silence"
The researchers noted how support began on Twitter for anti-corruption and anti-Putin resistance in December 2011, but that widespread delegitimization for the movement (as well as belittling), and visibility of pro-Putin messages shifted that conversation by January 2012. In addition, "Critical voices were discredited and political elites were represented as legitimate."
The Russian regime's anti-resistance messaging made it seem "indisputable that Putin enjoyed broad support among Russians," and so "the protest movement began to dissolve quickly." The paper said:
Our analysis highlights that the growing feeling of futility and disillusionment affecting the oppositional movement more broadly was clearly reflected on Twitter in the weeks leading up to the presidential election. With the political discourse on Twitter beginning to noticeably shift in favor of the Putin supporters, oppositionally minded people on Twitter may have started to slide into a so-called "spiral of silence." They perceived their political view to be in a shrinking minority, finding insufficient resonance in the discourse on Twitter, and gradually stopped to speak up, turning rather inward in growing self-doubts and disillusion.
They also distributed their messages well, reaching tons of people -- which is social-media advertising's core promise, we should note. I think now we're starting to see exactly why Facebook's emotional manipulation activities are a threat to democracy in line with the Oxford study's conclusion about computational propaganda.
In the 2011 example, the Russian government, with all its resources, was far more effective at influencing people on Twitter than those who dared question the people in power.
In conclusion, the researchers wrote:
In the end, no matter how much "real" support Putin had, our analysis of the political discourse suggests that the perceived support had a real effect on the opposition and general public on Twitter. This shows that regardless of the promises that new digital technologies hold in terms of empowerment of marginalized or weaker (political) actors, these technologies are still part of the overall system of power—in particular, uneven resource distributions—and may therefore still be utilized by governments in their favor. In other words, our study empirically confirms that indeed "whoever has enough money, including political leaders, will have a better chance of operating the switch in its favor.
It looks like a blueprint for what's happening on American Twitter day and night right now. Though compared to Russia's successful 2011 resistance suppression, Trump's trolls and botmasters are pretty bad at winning hearts and minds. Maybe that's partly why social-media propaganda is looking likely to get folded into the Mueller probe.
I stumbled on a bizarre propaganda campaign. There are bots / messaging operatives pushing Trump H1B plan. And they're really obvious / bad. https://t.co/WaZfmKLXGU — Timothy Castantine🔎 (@Castantine) April 18, 2017
In any case, the new golden age of propaganda is here. The companies whose structures it thrives on, in all its hideousness and viciousness, are loath to change their business models to stop it. The illness is not our fault, though that's what they hope to convince us of, in this, our new futuristic system of oppression.
Just don't let the fact that it looks like Idiocracy make you take it any less seriously.
A SUCCESSFUL referendum on Kosovo's European future was how Hashim Thaci (pictured), the prime minister, described Kosovo's general election on December 12th, its first since independence in 2008. Mr Thaci's Democratic Party of Kosovo (PDK) claims to have won the election, with 33.5% of the vote. But the news since the polls closed has been so bad that this future cannot be taken for granted.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Almost immediately, election observers said there had been widespread electoral fraud. Just two days later, a draft report was released by the Council of Europe implicating Mr Thaci in drug smuggling and murder. The report, compiled by Dick Marty, a Swiss politician and former prosecutor, is explosive. Much of the ground it covers is familiar, but Mr Marty claims to have found corroborating evidence for stories that had previously been dismissed for lack of solid evidence.
The most devastating claim is that Mr Thaci and his group of former guerrilla commanders from the central region of Drenica were responsible for the murder of Serb and other prisoners for their kidneys in Albania in 1999. Since then, says the report, several foreign agencies dedicated to combating drug trafficking have identified Mr Thaci as having exerted violent control over the region's heroin trade. America and Kosovo's other foreign friends have tolerated this nastiness, Mr Marty argues, for the sake of stability.
The report will not necessarily impede Mr Thaci's attempts to form a new coalition. Such slanderous allegations have been investigated before, says Kosovo's government, and found to be baseless. It has accused Mr Marty of working on behalf of Serbia, a claim many Kosovars will believe. Mr Thaci may even try to turn the affair to his advantage by taking the nationalist high ground, arguing that this is not a good time to be squabbling at home, since Kosovo's enemies are on the attack. Still, notes one diplomatic source, the claims have sapped the prime minister's authority, especially with foreigners.
Mr Thaci may find the claims of electoral fraud harder to shrug off. By far the worst cases came in the PDK's heartland of Drenica, where one observer denounced what he called “industrial-scale” cheating. Petrit Selimi, an aspiring PDK deputy, retorts that although he regretted the fiddling, his party would have won the vote anyway. Not so, say opposition parties. Some 171 appeals have been launched, postponing the formation of a new government. Arben Gashi, a senior figure in the Democratic League of Kosovo, the main opposition, says that a new election should be held. Without it, he argues, a Thaci-led government will have no legitimacy. But a fresh poll is extremely unlikely.
So Mr Thaci may be able to form a coalition government with one or more small Albanian parties and the support of Kosovo's minorities, including small parties representing the few Serbs who voted. But the allegations of fraud, organ-harvesting and drug-trafficking will hamper any government's attempts to set Kosovo on the path towards the European Union. They will also make it harder for the EU to begin a dialogue between the authorities in Kosovo and Serbia, which it is keen to do as soon as possible. “It was bad before,” says Arber Gorani of the Kosovar Stability Initiative, a think-tank. “Now it is worse. Kosovo can't afford this.”
The body of a woman was found at the Roadway Inn in Santee on May 25, 2015. Investigators said the death was suspicious. NBC 7's Candice Nguyen reports. (Published Tuesday, May 26, 2015)
Officials are investigating the death of a 54-year-old woman at a Santee motel they said occurred under "suspicious circumstances."
At around 12 p.m. Monday, a citizen flagged down an officer to report a person down at the Rodeway Inn in the 10100 block of Mission Gorge Road in Santee.
When a deputy went inside a room on the backside of the motel, he discovered the body of a woman in her mid-50s.
A few hours later, San Diego County Sheriff's Department Lt. Jeffrey Duckworth said the investigation was still a death investigation and not a confirmed homicide. A sheriff's Sergeant on scene also told NBC 7 officials would not confirm it was a homicide but said there were suspicious circumstances surrounding the body they found.
The San Diego County Sheriff's Department homicide detail, deputies and the sheriff's crime laboratory were all working on the investigation together.
NBC 7 spoke to a young couple who were staying at the Roadway Inn. They said they saw a very suspicious man at the motel Sunday night, possibly armed with a gun.
“There was a guy that just swung the door open really quickly and he had a cigarette hanging from his mouth and a really crazy look in his eyes – like he was on drugs,” Tierney Atkinson recalled.
Atkinson said she and her boyfriend were alarmed by the man and ran into their motel room. At first, they did not report what they saw. However, when they came by the motel again Monday afternoon and learned a woman had died in one of the rooms, they spoke with investigators, Atkinson said.
Investigators could not confirm if the man the couple saw is connected to the woman's death.
Like other motel guests, Atkinson said she and her boyfriend were shaken up. She said she regrets not reporting the suspicious man earlier.
“I feel like we made a mistake, like we should've said something,” she lamented.
“It's sad. It's terrible to see this happen. I can say you wouldn't expect it here,” added Micah Alexander.
The investigation into what happened at the motel is ongoing. Officials are asking anyone with information to contact authorities.
The woman's name has not yet been released.
Update, 11:00 p.m.: The New York Daily News reports that this is not the first violent altercation the officer in question, Ben Fields, has been involved in. Army veteran Carlos Martin told the Daily News Fields' unprovoked assault on him a decade ago left mental scars.
Aaron Johnson, who says he is a student at Spring Valley and in the classroom during the altercation, outlined what he saw in the build up to the violent arrest.
The teacher was really quiet when discussing whatever she did. Whatever she did couldnt have been that bad because nobody knew what it was — Aaron Johnson (@Aaron___J) October 27, 2015
The officer came in because she wouldnt leave the class when the teacher toild her to. I still don't know what she did to be asked to leave. — Aaron Johnson (@Aaron___J) October 27, 2015
Just to be clear, before the video, she was sitting quietly at her desk. Did nothing to provoke the officer — Aaron Johnson (@Aaron___J) October 27, 2015
The girl in the video was new to our class, and she was quiet like she never talked to anyone — Aaron Johnson (@Aaron___J) October 26, 2015
Update, 9:30 p.m.: The New York Times adds some new details to this story out of South Carolina today. The most notable one is that Ben Fields, the “school resource officer” in the two videos taken inside a classroom, is not only an employee of the county sheriff's department he is “also identified as a defensive line and strength coach on the football team,” the Times notes. It isn't clear whether Fields was volunteering as a coach or getting paid, but either way it's hard to imagine a situation where a male administrator, teacher, or coach—paid or unpaid—can engage in a physical altercation with a female student for any reason at all aside from self-defense.
Update, 8:30 p.m.: The Richland County Sheriff's office has placed the officer in the video, Senior Deputy Ben Fields, on administrative duty with pay until the department can fully investigate the disturbing video showing Fields violently restraining and forcibly removing a student from a high school classroom. “The girl was charged with disturbing schools, and was released to the custody of her parents,” WLTX reports. “[WLTX] reached out to Richland School District Two Superintendent Dr. Libby Roof said that the district was ‘deeply concerned' about the incident, and will not tolerate any actions that jeopardize the safety of students.”
Original Post: Above is video of a “school resource officer” at Spring Valley High School in Columbia, South Carolina throwing a female student out of her desk to the ground and across a classroom. As reported by local station WISTV, Richland County sheriff Leon Lott says the officer was purportedly “acting in response to a student who was refusing to leave class.”
“The student was told she was under arrest for disturbing school and given instructions which she again refused,” Lott said. “The video then shows the student resisting and being arrested by the SRO.”
The video appears to have been first publicized by activist and New York Daily News writer Shaun King on Twitter; King says it was taken today.
The Kulluk, an Arctic drilling rig that ran aground on Sitkalidak Island, is free.
The Kulluk, an Arctic drilling rig that ran aground on Sitkalidak Island, is free.
The Kulluk, the refurbished drilling rig that ran aground off southern Alaska last week on a maintenance trip from Royal Dutch Shell's Chukchi Sea oil lease, was refloated earlier Monday and towed toward safer waters to undergo inspection for damage. On New Year's Eve, the rig, fitted on a barge without its own propulsion system, snapped a tow-line in a storm and smashed into the rocks of Sitkalidak Island in the waters of southeast Alaska. The vessel was carrying some 138,000 gallons of diesel fuel and 12,000 gallons of lubricating fluids. U.S. Coast Guard inspectors say there have been no leaks.
Shell decided to move the rig despite the storm that caused it to run aground because it was rushing to get it out of Alaskan waters before Jan. 1 to avoid millions of dollars in state taxes.
Moving the Kulluk is an important success for Shell, which had been relying on the rig to play a central role in its planned Arctic drilling programme this summer. However, it is not yet clear how much damage it has suffered. Salvage teams reported that waves had damaged the topsides of the rig, and hatches had been breached allowing water into the rig's generators.
But Stephen Lacey at Climate Progress notes that this "important success" for Shell comes amid continuing complaints from environmental advocates that drilling for oil in Arctic waters presents far more risks than the already risky off-shore drilling in more accessible areas such as the Gulf of Mexico. Some have sought to have Shell's Arctic oil leases in the area rescinded.
The latest incident is only one in a long list compiled here.
The problems were not exactly subject to the nobody-could-have-known syndrome. The Government Accountability Report last February concluded in a report that Shell's “dedicated capabilities do not completely mitigate some of the environmental and logistical risks associated with the remoteness and environment of the region.” [...] Interior and Coast Guard officials said that [an oil] well containment response in Alaskan waters might face certain risks that could delay or impede a response to a blowout.
The Coast Guard conducted a routine marine safety inspection when Noble's Discoverer arrived at a Seward, Alaska, port in late November. The inspection team found serious issues with the ship's safety management system and pollution control systems. The inspectors also listed more than a dozen “discrepancies” which, sources tell CBS News, led them to call in the Coast Guard Investigative Service (CGIS) to determine if there were violations of federal law. After the Coast Guard's initial inspection of the Noble Discoverer, on Nov. 30, Capt. Paul Mehler, the Officer in Charge of Marine Inspection in Western Alaska issued a Port State Control Detention for the Noble Discoverer, effectively grounding the ship until safety violations were fixed. By Dec. 19, the ship was released from Port Detention but still remains in Seward for additional repairs.
The Department of Interior nevertheless gave Shell permission in December 2011 to drill its Chukchi Sea leases off northeast Alaska well within the Arctic Circle. Drilling began last summer with two rigs operated by its contractor, Noble Corporation, the other being the Noble Discoverer. Of an investigation of that rig, CBS reported As Lacey points out, this isn't the first time violations have been found on the Noble Discoverer. And the Kulluk has received three warnings of excess pollution and a score of warnings over maintenance problems.
If those seem minor, easy-to-solve matters, there's another far more serious one. In November, Seattle public radio station KUOW reported about a federal test in September of a piece of Shell's oil-spill equipment, the crucial oil containment dome:
The 20-foot-tall containment dome then shoots to the surface. The massive white dome “breached like a whale,” Fesmire e-mails a colleague at [the federal Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement] headquarters. Then the dome sinks more than 120 feet. A safety buoy, basically a giant balloon, catches it before it hits bottom. About 12 hours later, the crew of the Challenger manages to get the dome back to the surface. “As bad as I thought,” Fesmire writes his BSEE colleague. “Basically the top half is crushed like a beer can.”
But Shell hopes to be back on the job when the winter ice melts enough for the corporation to continue drilling for the oil whose burning contributes to the accelerated melting of that ice.
Josh Dehaas, CTV Toronto
Police in three different jurisdictions across the GTA say they are looking for a man accused of assaulting women in tanning salons – in some cases by licking their feet.
York Regional Police allege a man entered a tanning salon on Wednesday and asked a woman if he could see her shoe, “because he was shopping for a relative.” He apparently smelled the shoe and then fled with it.
That incident happened around 3:45 p.m. in the Yonge Street and 16th Avenue area of Richmond Hill.
Police in nearby Innisfil, Ont., say a similar incident took place at a tanning salon in their region on Wednesday.
“While being shown a tanning room, the man sexually assaulted the lone female clerk,” South Simcoe Police say. “He immediately left the building in an unknown direction.”
That incident occurred around 5:30 p.m. at the Adam and Eve Tanning Salon on Innisfil Beach Road.
On Thursday around 11 a.m., police say a man entered a tanning salon near Yonge Street and Canyon Hill in Richmond Hill, and began asking a woman about her boots, York Regional Police said.
“The suspect then grabbed the victim's leg, removed her boot and sock and licked her foot without her consent,” police say. He fled with her boot and sock.
Later that same day, police in Barrie say that a man entered a tanning salon on Bayfield Street and started talking to a female employee about her shoes.
“The suspect drew her attention to her footwear and then dropped down on all fours, grabbed the employee's leg and removed her footwear and then began licking her foot without her consent,” Barrie police say.
“Investigators believe this suspect may be responsible for other similar incidents in the City of Barrie.”
South Simcoe Police describe the suspect as white, age 25 to 30, with medium-length hair and a brown beard. “He is well groomed, wearing a black pea coat and blue jeans,” police say.
Police in Barrie and York Region both describe the suspect as white, around 5'8 tall and approximately 30, with a medium build and weighing about 170 pounds. He has short reddish-brown hair and was sporting a beard, a bomber jacket, black dress pants and brown leather boots.
The suspect's image was captured on security footage.
Police are asking anyone with information on the suspect to call the York Regional Police Special Victims Unit at 1-866-876-5423, ext. 7071, or contact Crime Stoppers anonymously at 1-800-222-TIPS, online at www.1800222tips.com or by texting a tip to CRIMES (274637).
Alternatively, they can call Barrie Police investigators at 705-725-7025, ext. 2129.
Prelude
Every few months or so, I get an episode of .emacs.d OCD, where my setup suddenly seems hopelessly disorganized and non-optimal, and I can't do another thing until I fix it. I went through such an episode recently, causing me to spend hours looking through various setup strategies, but ultimately not finding that je ne sais quoi I was looking for.
The whole exercise made me step back and reflect on what it is that causes me the most trouble when trying to organize an emacs config, and after a moment of reflection, I came up with 1) Where should I put things? 2) How should I init things?
It's Load Time!
Where to put things is a problem that spans well beyond emacs configuration, and may well be the third-hardest topic in computer science, so I'll get back to it. Number 2, however, is a little more particular to emacs. The issue is this: If you're like me, you're using dozens of emacs plugins to optimize your environment, and layering a handful of personal customizations and settings on each. That's great. That's what emacs is all about. But then, there's autoloading.
We emacsians spend a good bit of time biting our nails over our favorite editor's startup time, and make tremendous efforts to do as little as possible at startup time, instead letting packages load as needed.
Problem is, some package configurations require packages to be loaded while others don't. Some packages don't do autoload right. Sometimes you configure an autoloaded package in a running emacs session and it breaks emacs the next time you start it. And sometimes autoloading itself is unwanted sitting and staring and waiting time. (The package initialization section at http://emacswiki.org/emacs/ELPA is illustrative.) Most of these issues can be overcome, but the whole situation is messier than I'd like.
What's more, there's a very simple solution, and since I've discovered it, everything has just gotten a lot simpler. It's not a package or a plugin or a software solution at all. It's an attitude shift, and it struck me like a lightening bolt.
I DON'T CARE HOW LONG IT TAKE EMACS TO START UP.
What's that?
I DON'T CARE HOW LONG IT TAKE EMACS TO START UP.
Yeah, ok, vim starts up like that! But here's the thing. I don't use emacs like I use vim (which I do sometimes). I start emacs up on my local machine maybe a couple times a week, and leave the session running for days. So even if it took 30 seconds to load (it takes 3.5), that'd be, like, a minute a week. I've already made that time up.
This is a pretty mundane realization, perhaps, but I no longer have to care about where and when things get loaded, about configuring things in the right place and time, about autoloads and eval-on-load s and related concerns. I just throw in a requirement and I get on with my life.
Getting On
So already in an iconoclastic state of mind, I was well positioned to tackle issue 2: Where to put things?
See, some things were in bindings.el , others in defuns.el , settings.el , [package-name-here]-config.el , and on and on and on. Where do I put hooks that depend on custom defuns? Bindings for plugins? Third-party package configs vs. built-in package configs? What's worse, directories were nested three, four levels deep, and if I had to find something, I'd be acking all up in my .emacs.d and it was a mess. And I bet you do the same thing.
This was causing me pain, and then I remembered an incident.
The Incident
I was working on an iOS project, and it had a ton of files, and I was working in Xcode, and I hated Xcode, but needed the smart completion, which is a weak area for emacs. But I downloaded Code Pilot, and that made things a little better. And I used CTRL-6 to navigate to methods in a class (think imenu), and used project search a lot, and I started not caring about where things were, because as long as I new part of the name, I was there.
It took some work to get there in Xcode, but this is the sort of setup I strive for, whatever I'm developering, this is the reason I emacs, and this is key to productivity and happiness for my money.
My colleagues in the meantime where busy nesting directories and arranging things just so and painstakingly putting files in alphabetical order because seemingly Xcode won't do that for you. And not only did they spend a lot of time and energy worrying about where to put things, they had to think a lot when they wanted to find them again.
For me, one of the biggest enemies of flow, and more generally, productivity, is the need to think about a thing that is not the thing you're thinking about to solve the problem at hand. So if a particular task calls for jumping around to several files, any time and effort spent thinking about where some file is, or even just going through the mechanics of navigating directories, is likely to dissipate my fragile flow, kill my productivity, raise my hackles, and generally make me grumpier.
In It
So that's the incident I remembered, and I realized that if you have good navigation support, it doesn't matter where you put things. And if it doesn't matter where you put things, why not take the simplest, stupidist, most obvious approach? The approach you probably took the first time you wrote a bit of emacs configuration code.
So where to put things? How about init.el ? What things?
ALL THE THINGS!
I was initially incredulous of my own bat-shit idea, but I went through with it anyway. And it has been liberating.
You see, when everything you care about is in one place, you no longer have to think about where you put stuff. Where are my bindings? init.el . Hooks? init.el . Configuration for package X, Y, and most especially Z? init.el . Then fold in tools like occur and isearch and imenu and then do something like:
(defun imenu-elisp-sections () (setq imenu-prev-index-position-function nil) (add-to-list 'imenu-generic-expression '("Sections" "^;;;; \\(.+\\)$" 1) t)) (add-hook 'emacs-lisp-mode-hook 'imenu-elisp-sections)
Which provides rough structure to the init file with section headings that look like
;;;; BINDINGS ... ;;;; HOOKS ...
So when I imenu (using helm-imenu in my case), I get this:
And boy that's nice.
How about this:
(defun init-imenu (p) (interactive "P") (find-file-existing "~/.emacs.d/init.el") (widen) (helm-imenu) (if p (init-narrow-to-section)))
Bind that globally, and any time you get the urge to change your emacs config, you can immediately jump to the desired part of your config, by section or by function. init-narrow-to-secion is just:
(defun init-narrow-to-section () (interactive) (save-excursion (beginning-of-line) (unless (looking-at "^;;;;") (re-search-backward "^;;;;" nil t)) (push-mark) (next-line) (re-search-forward "^;;;;" nil t) (previous-line) (narrow-to-region (region-beginning) (region-end))))
Which is sometimes nice.
The downside is that dependency is now handled by order of code (from top to bottom) rather than the more robust require system. But it's a small downside, which hasn't caused me much pain, and one that can be remedied as needed by pulling any of your more library-ish stuff into a separate file and requiring it when desired.
(Probably obvious, but I'm talking about settings and hooks and bindings and one-off functions here. My plugins are not inlined in my init.el . That would be craaazy.)
You?
I challenge you to challenge yourself to consider why you care about emacs startup time. Is it the same reason I cared? Because all the emacs literature told you you cared?
Or perhaps someone out there has a head-slappingly simple system for auto-loading and configuring everything with no added complexity, in which case, I'm very curious to hear about it.
I'm also interested how folks with non-trivial emacs configurations are organizing them. Or if you adopt the one-big-ass-init-file approach, I'm curious to hear how your milage varies.
It's no secret that global investment banking firm Goldman-Sachs represents the cancer that Wall Street and the billionaire class have become on the body politic. That particular firm was one of the primary culprits in the sub-prime mortgage crisis that nearly brought down the world economy. It was one of the big beneficiaries of Uncle Sam's largess when the company came hat in hand, begging for a bailout and threatening our economic system if it didn't get its way. Apparently, the fact that Presidential candidate Bernie Sanders has been speaking out so forcefully again Wall Street greed and corruption has Goldman-Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein a bit flustered. He's now calling Sanders' candidacy a “dangerous moment” for the nation.
It's probably personal for Blankfein, though he denies it, explaining that he's never met Sanders in person. Last month, when Bloomberg asked the Progressive statesman for an example of corporate greed, Sanders mentioned Blankfein by name. In turn, Blankfein has declared that Sanders' ongoing attacks on bankers and “the billionaire class” could pose a threat – not only to his fellow oligarchs, but “for anybody who is a little bit out of line.” He goes on to say that
“It's a liability to say I'm going to compromise I'm going to get one millimeter off the extreme position I have and if you do you have to back track and swear to people that you'll never compromise. It's just incredible. It's a moment in history.”
It's unclear what exactly Blankfein is referring to, but it is plain to see that he is feeling threatened. While Blankfein and his fellow Wall Street bankers prefer the GOP, they can work with the Democrats (indeed, Blankfein and the Clintons go way back). Generally, the oligarchy hedges its bets by giving money to candidates of both parties, which is why the system continues to be rigged in their favor – and against everyone else.
It's also why Americans across the political spectrum despise and distrust Wall Street as well as politicians. The problem for Blankfein is that Sanders cannot be bought – and increasingly, voters are seeing it.
In a letter sent out to his supporters, Sanders responded to Blankfein's little hissy fit:
“I find it a little beyond comprehension that Lloyd Blankfein would lecture our campaign about ‘dangerous moments' after Wall Street received huge bailouts from the working families of this country, when their greed and recklessness caused millions of Americans to lose their jobs, livelihoods, and homes just a few years ago. His arrogance has no end. Now Wall Street is pouring money into other campaigns. But I am here to tell you that we don't want their money and we don't want their super PACs.”
This is why Americans across the political spectrum are “feeling the Bern” – and there isn't a whole lot that Blankfein and his fellow oligarchs with all their billions of dollars in bribes can do about it.
The Perfect Storm in the book and movie by that name refers to three large storms converging at a single place where a few humans are trying to survive. What I am calling a perfect catastrophe is where several cyclic positive feedback processes converge and cause a life threatening situation for all humanity. This is a little different because the possible processes included can be under human influence in the beginning although ultimately they develop into feedback events that are beyond human control.
Positive feedback cycles are those in which the outcome of some event makes it more likely that similar events will be fostered and grow in intensity in a self stimulating cycle. Negative feedback cycles are the opposite—any given event causes similar events to diminish in intensity and come to stability.
Humanity is presently involved in several positive feedback cycles which will eventually lead to a catastrophic breakdown unless they all are somehow reversed into negative feedback cycles so they can be muted.
A few obvious positive feedback loops
Human overpopulation is already apparent but it's growing larger every day which creates a larger base for ever more children.
Human food demands on the environment are already well beyond unaided historical carrying capacity and humanity's food supply is being supported by artificial fertilizers created by mining one time usage materials such as oil, coal and phosphates.
Oil is being consumed by an ever accelerating growth of the number of cars, trucks, airplanes, and fertilizer needing crops.
With better communications like TV, internet and cell phones, more people are realizing ways to achieving a better lifestyle which is more resource demanding and accelerating.
Military armaments are constantly improving and becoming more powerful which gives people opportunity for continually making them even more powerful.
Paul Ehrlich author of The Population Bomb lost his famous wager with Julian Simon when in 1980 he bet that resource scarcity would lead to higher commodity prices of chromium, copper, nickel, tin, tungsten in ten years. The prices actually fell because of technological improvements of refining them. Ehrlich had his timeline set entirely too short, at ten years and far too specific. Prophets that give a specific date for some catastrophes have always been wrong and it is far better to use Nassim Nicholas Taleb's Black Swan approach of likelihood rather than timing of an event. A more specific but reasonable approach is to take a very long view of 10,000 years and measure whether a thing is likely to occur or not. That is how long civilization has been thriving and might continue to thrive if it were to live as it did up until 200 years ago. When one takes that long view and asks if humanity could sustain itself at the present population growth and consumptive mode the answer is obvious. The metals listed above will probably be in short supply in 100 years which means that humans would have to find some other way to live for 99% of a reasonable future civilized time.
Returning to the specific list of positive feedback loops, it is difficult to define what any of the words mean exactly but overpopulation is obvious when a crisis occurs. For example, when the earthquake hit Haiti last year there was reported to already have been something near 80% unemployment and to my way of thinking that meant there was something like 80% overpopulation. That method of estimating overpopulation lets the market decide which appears a better definition than some academic gobbledygook statement which I might conjure up. Each of the items is similarly hazy when discussed in words and equally obvious when observing the physical facts.
Each of the listed items have a positive feedback component which is partly independent from the others but which worsens the impact of the others. More people means more food consumed, which means more need for food and more fertilizer to make the food. That means more consumption of oil, gas and phosphates which means more demand for those things which means more cars, trucks and other transportation to bring these things to the fields for growth and take them away for distribution to people. The improvement in creating each of these things makes them more available which supports more people which see others around them having more goodies so they work out ways of getting more themselves. This means more weapons to defend what they have acquired which cycles back upon itself.
Each of these things grows more the more it grows until something happens to reverse the positive feedback cycle. At present no one wants to even consider slowing down the growth of consumption of any of these near luxuries; thus it is obvious that some breaking point will be reached, sooner or later. Because all of these positive feedback loops are operative and feed back upon one another it would seem our catastrophe will come sooner rather than later.
Converging of multiple feedback loops will cause a perfect catastrophe.
Advertisements
TEHRAN(basirat): The Daesh (ISIL or ISIS) terrorist group executed at least 145 civilians, including women and children, for trying to flee the western part of the Iraqi city of Mosul, a report said.
The civilians from al-Zanjili neighborhood in western Mosul were executed after they were caught attempting to escape, an Iraqi military official, speaking on the condition of anonymity, told Spain's Efe news.
He added the terrorists had hanged the bodies of the victims from electricity poles after declaring them apostates for trying to leave "the land of the caliphate".
The source added that the civilians had also been accused of providing information to Iraqi security forces.
Iraqi government forces are struggling to expel Daesh terrorists from the western part of Mosul, where some neighborhoods are still under the control of the militants.
Iraq has been facing the growing threat of terrorism, mainly posed by Daesh.
Daesh militants made swift advances in much of northern and western Iraq over the summer of 2014, after capturing large swaths of northern Syria.
However, a combination of concentrated attacks by the Iraqi military and the volunteer forces, who rushed to take arms after top Iraqi cleric Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani issued a fatwa calling for fight against the militants, blunted the edge of Daesh offensive and later made the terror group withdraw from much of the territories it had occupied.
Source: alalam
To learn more about this series, please click here.
…
Mandisa Thomas is one of the co-founders and current President of Black Nonbelievers, Inc. The mission of this organization is fourfold: to provide secular fellowship, to nurture and support nonbelievers in coming out, to promote atheist pride, and to organize nonbelievers for charitable causes.
Born and raised in New York City but currently residing in Atlanta, Georgia, Mandisa was never formally indoctrinated into religious belief, although raised Black Nationalist. She stated that their core concepts were “a focus on issues in the Black community, learning about Black (and some African) history and culture, and alternative health practices of a natural derivative.”
Mandisa's family is well aware that she is an atheist (it's part of the reason she was comfortable being featured on the atheist billboard seen above). This includes her black atheist husband. She admitted that the only one person she hasn't fully discussed her disbelief in God with is her paternal grandmother, a staunch believer and is someone well into her 80s. Mandisa said she just doesn't have it in her to debate the subject with her, but she's fairly certain that her atheism is known to her grandmother.
Although not raised in a strict religious tradition, Mandisa stated the following:
The black atheist experience is indeed different from non-Blacks because belief in God has become such a fixation in the Black community. Even if folks don't attend church, they still believe in some sort of deity, and assume that the rest of us do as well. And if we disclose that we do not believe at all, it is seen as a form of betrayal to the race.
This has certainly been my experience. It has resulted in much personal trepidation when it comes to telling other black folks that I am an atheist.
Fortunately, this hasn't held Mandisa back. She was featured in the April 30th, 2012 issue of JET Magazine (see above image), been a guest speaker for such organizations as the Secular Humanists of the Low Country, Humanists of Florida, and American Atheists, and she spoke at the first annual Florida Secular Rally. She has also been a guest on podcasts including: The Critical Eye, Ask an Atheist, and the Black Freethinkers Blogtalk Radio Show. As the president of Black Nonbelievers, Inc., Mandisa works to encourage more blacks to come out and stand strong with their nonbelief in the face of such strong religious overtones. “The more we make our presence known, the better our chances of working together to turn around some of the disparities we face. We are NOT alone.”
… because we can better address and support each other when the face looks more like us. As much as we would like to think the issue of race relations is a thing of the past, it is not. Very much like examples in public health when Black nurses and practitioners had to be the ones to go into Black neighborhoods to gain the trust of the people in order to facilitate better health care, the same must be done in order to help bring out more atheists of color — and we will do this the best way WE know how.
I asked Mandisa why she was the president of a race-focused atheist group:
To other black atheists, Mandisa had the following words of encouragement:
We will not make any progress if you stay silent about your nonbelief. It may seem as if the number of atheists in the Black community are small, but they are growing. There are now a number of support groups (including those focusing on Blacks) that are valuable resources, so you are by no means alone with any struggles you may have.
Mandisa recommends the following books:
You can follow Mandisa on Twitter here and here.
…
Previous entries in this series include:
WASHINGTON—Hackers working for the Russian government stole details of how the U.S. penetrates foreign computer networks and defends against cyberattacks after a National Security Agency contractor removed the highly classified material and put it on his home computer, according to multiple people with knowledge of the matter.
The hackers appear to have targeted the contractor after identifying the files through the contractor's use of a popular antivirus software made by Russia-based Kaspersky Lab, these people said.
The theft, which hasn't been disclosed, is considered by experts to be one of the most significant security breaches in recent years. It offers a rare glimpse into how the intelligence community thinks Russian intelligence exploits a widely available commercial software product to spy on the U.S.
The incident occurred in 2015 but wasn't discovered until spring of last year, said the people familiar with the matter.
The stolen material included details about how the NSA penetrates foreign computer networks, the computer code it uses for such spying and how it defends networks inside the U.S., these people said.
Advertisement
Having such information could give the Russian government information on how to protect its own networks, making it more difficult for the NSA to conduct its work. It also could give the Russians methods to infiltrate the networks of the U.S. and other nations, these people said.
The breach is the first known incident in which Kaspersky software is believed to have been exploited by Russian hackers to conduct espionage against the U.S. government. The company, which sells its antivirus products in the U.S., had revenue of more than half a billion dollars in Western Europe and the Americas in 2016, according to International Data Corp. Kaspersky says it has more than 400 million users world-wide.
The revelation comes as concern over Russian infiltration of American computer networks and social media platforms is growing amid a U.S. special counsel's investigation into whether Donald Trump's presidential campaign sought or received assistance from the Russian government. Mr. Trump denies any impropriety and has called the matter a “witch hunt.”
Intelligence officials have concluded that a campaign authorized by the highest levels of the Russian government hacked into state election-board systems and the email networks of political organizations to damage the candidacy of Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton.
Advertisement
A spokesman for the NSA didn't comment on the security breach. “Whether the information is credible or not, NSA's policy is never to comment on affiliate or personnel matters,” he said. He noted that the Defense Department, of which the NSA is a part, has a contract for antivirus software with another company, not Kaspersky.
In a statement, Kaspersky Lab said it “has not been provided any information or evidence substantiating this alleged incident, and as a result, we must assume that this is another example of a false accusation.”
Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov in a statement didn't address whether the Russian government stole NSA materials using Kaspersky software. But he criticized the U.S. government's decision to ban the software from use by U.S. agencies as “undermining the competitive positions of Russian companies on the world arena.”
Sen. Jeanne Shaheen, (D., N.H.) on Thursday asked the Senate Armed Services Committee to hold hearings on the issue. “As you are aware, I have been concerned about the serious dangers of using Kaspersky software due to the company's strong ties to the Kremlin,” she wrote in a letter to Sen. John McCain (R., Ariz.), the committee chairman.
Advertisement
She urged Mr. McCain to “expeditiously” schedule a hearing with the NSA's director, Adm. Michael Rogers, and other administration officials.
The Kaspersky incident is the third publicly known breach at the NSA involving a contractor's access to a huge trove of highly classified materials. It prompted an official letter of reprimand to Adm. Rogers by his superiors, people familiar with the situation said.
National Security Agency Director Michael Rogers.Photo: saul loeb/Agence France-Presse/Getty Images
Adm. Rogers came into his post in 2014 promising to staunch leaks after the disclosure that NSA contractor Edward Snowden the year before gave classified documents to journalists that revealed surveillance programs run by the U.S. and allied nations.
The Kaspersky-linked incident predates the arrest last year of another NSA contractor, Harold Martin, who allegedly removed massive amounts of classified information from the agency's headquarters and kept it at his home, but wasn't thought to have shared the data.
Advertisement
Mr. Martin pleaded not guilty to charges that include stealing classified information. His lawyer has said he took the information home only to get better at his job and never intended to reveal secrets.
The name of the NSA contractor in the Kaspersky-related incident and the company he worked for aren't publicly known. People familiar with the matter said he is thought to have purposely taken home numerous documents and other materials from NSA headquarters, possibly to continue working beyond his normal office hours.
The man isn't believed to have wittingly aided a foreign government, but knew that removing classified information without authorization is a violation of NSA policies and potentially a criminal act, said people with knowledge of the breach. It is unclear whether he has been dismissed from his job or faces charges. The incident remains under federal investigation, said people familiar with the matter.
Kaspersky software once was authorized for use by nearly two dozen U.S. government agencies, including the Army, Navy and Air Force, and the departments of Defense, State, Homeland Security, Energy, Veterans Affairs, Justice and Treasury.
The headquarters of the Russian cybersecurity company Kaspersky Lab.Photo: Savostyanov Sergei/TASS/Zuma Press
NSA employees and contractors never had been authorized to use Kaspersky software at work. While there was no prohibition against these employees or contractors using it at home, they were advised not to before the 2015 incident, said people with knowledge of the guidance the agency gave.
For years, U.S. national security officials have suspected that Kaspersky Lab, founded by a computer scientist who was trained at a KGB-sponsored technical school, is a proxy of the Russian government, which under Russian law can compel the company's assistance in intercepting communications as they move through Russian computer networks.
Kaspersky said in its statement: “As a private company, Kaspersky Lab does not have inappropriate ties to any government, including Russia, and the company has never helped, nor will help, any government in the world with its cyberespionage efforts.”
Suspicions about the company prompted the Department of Homeland Security last month to take the extraordinary step of banning all U.S. government departments and agencies from using Kaspersky products and services. Officials determined that “malicious cyber actors” could use the company's antivirus software to gain access to a computer's files, said people familiar with the matter.
The government's decision came after months of intensive discussions inside the intelligence community, as well as a study of how the software works and the company's suspected connections to the Russian government, said people familiar with the events.
They said intelligence officials also were concerned that given the prevalence of Kaspersky on the commercial market, countless people could be targeted, including family members of senior government officials, or that Russia could use the software to steal information for competitive economic advantage.
“The risk that the Russian government, whether acting on its own or in collaboration with Kaspersky, could capitalize on access provided by Kaspersky products to compromise federal information and information systems directly implicates U.S. national security,” the DHS said Sept. 13 in announcing the government ban.
All antivirus software scans computers looking for malicious code, comparing what is on the machine to a master list housed at the software company. But that scanning also gives makers of the software an inventory of what is on the computer, experts say.
“It's basically the equivalent of digital dumpster diving,” said Blake Darché, a former NSA employee who worked in the agency's elite hacking group that targets foreign computer systems.
Kaspersky is “aggressive” in its methods of hunting for malware, Mr. Darché said, “in that they will make copies of files on a computer, anything that they think is interesting.” He said the product's user license agreement, which few customers probably read, allows this.
“You're basically surrendering your right to privacy by using Kaspersky software,” said Mr. Darché, who is chief security officer for Area 1, a computer security company.
“We aggressively detect and mitigate malware infections no matter the source and we have been proudly doing it for 20 years,” the company said in its statement. “We make no apologies for being aggressive in the battle against malware and cybercriminals.”
Kaspersky Lab Chief Executive Eugene Kaspersky. The company said it never would help ‘any government in the world with its cyberespionage efforts.' Photo: Sharifulin Valery/TASS/Zuma Press
U.S. investigators believe the contractor's use of the software alerted Russian hackers to the presence of files that may have been taken from the NSA, according to people with knowledge of the investigation. Experts said the software, in searching for malicious code, may have found samples of it in the data the contractor removed from the NSA.
But how the antivirus system made that determination is unclear, such as whether Kaspersky technicians programed the software to look for specific parameters that indicated NSA material. Also unclear is whether Kaspersky employees alerted the Russian government to the finding.
Investigators did determine that, armed with the knowledge that Kaspersky's software provided of what files were suspected on the contractor's PC, hackers working for Russia homed in on the machine and obtained a large amount of information, said the people familiar with the matter.
The breach illustrates the chronic problem the NSA has had with keeping highly classified secrets from spilling out, former intelligence personnel say. They say they were rarely searched while entering or leaving their workplaces to see if they were carrying classified documents or removable storage media, such as a thumb drive.
Then-Defense Secretary Ash Carter and then-Director of National Intelligence James Clapper pushed President Barack Obama to remove Adm. Rogers as NSA head, due in part to the number of data breaches on his watch, according to several officials familiar with the matter.
The NSA director had fallen out of White House favor when he traveled to Bedminster, N.J., last November to meet with president-elect Donald Trump about taking a job in his administration, said people familiar with the matter. Adm. Rogers didn't notify his superiors, an extraordinary step for a senior military officer, U.S. officials said.
Adm. Rogers wasn't fired for a number of reasons, including a pending restructuring of the NSA that would have been further complicated by his departure, according to people with knowledge of internal deliberations. An NSA spokesman didn't comment on efforts to remove Adm. Rogers.
Write to Gordon Lubold at Gordon.Lubold@wsj.com and Shane Harris at shane.harris@wsj.com
(NaturalNews) Twenty years of careful research and development on a new apple variety has produced an amazing fruit that New Zealand'snews states is "sweet, tangy and delicious." And the most amazing aspect of Swiss orchardist and researcher Markus Kobelt's new RedLove apple variety is that it was designed to be resistant to disease, appealing to the palate, and easy to grow -- and all without the use of any sort of artificial genetic modification.For many years, researchers from other organizations have been working on creating a genetically modified (GM) apple variety that would be higher in nutrients, more resistant to disease and pests, and appealing to growers and consumers. But Kobelt beat them to the punch with his new non-GM variety, which was created using only natural breeding and cross-pollination techniques, rather than genetic manipulation, which means that it also bears none of the very serious health threats that GM varieties do."These varieties of new apple have been created through non-GE (genetically engineered) techniques which is fantastic," said Claire Bleakley from GE Free NZ in Food and Environment, a non-profit organization working to raise awareness about the dangers of genetically modified organisms (GMOs). "It cannot be logical to spend millions of taxpayers dollars and research resources on a red GE apple we know could have dangers to the environment and people health and is simply not acceptable to the market, and already exists as a non-GE variant."The RedLove apple is both sweet and tangy; it works well both raw and cooked; it bears a uniquely beautiful red color; it contains higher-than-normal levels of antioxidants; and it is resistant to scab disease. And best of all, every one of these traits was infused naturally and without artificial genetic alterations.The development of the RedLove is a perfect example of why GMOs are both inferior and unnecessary. Besides being dangerous to animals, the environment, and humans ( https://www.naturalnews.com/GMO.html ), GMOs simply do not provide any additional growing or consumption benefit over natural varieties, particularly natural varieties like the RedLove that have been naturally bred to bear the most desirable characteristics.
I saw the masked men
throwing truth into a well.
When I began to weep for it
I found it everywhere.
– Claudia Lars (El Salvador)
Those of us who have struggled for peace and justice over the past decades don't have much to celebrate these days. But the news from Guatemala that a female judge — Yasmin Barrios — was able to successfully manage a trial in that benighted nation and convict former President Efrain Rios Montt of genocide is something to rejoice about. It suggests it's no longer business as usual in Latin America — especially vis-à-vis the United States.
The big stick of North American imperialism from Teddy Roosevelt to Ronald Reagan appears to be dwindling in size. The sentencing of a Guatemalan president to 80 years in prison for employing scorched earth tactics against native Mayan Indians is an amazing milestone — and an incredible story to boot.
Following a 1954 US-directed coup that overthrew democratically elected President Jacobo Arbenz for his efforts at agrarian reform, the tiny Central American nation descended into a condition that can only be characterized, for the native Mayan people, as a state of Hell-on-Earth. The fact that President Rios Montt undertook his systematic slaughter of many thousands of Mayan peasants with the endorsement of Ronald Reagan only makes the conviction that much sweeter.
In the photograph, at left, Ronald Reagan, “the Great Communicator,” meets with Rios Montt, who is holding a document titled “This government has the commitment to change.” At the time, Reagan said Rios Montt was “a man of great personal integrity and commitment” who wanted to “promote social justice.” At right, is a line of bodies from one of the Guatemalan army's massacres of people who, no doubt, were deemed “communists” and, therefore, inhuman and justifiably slaughtered like vermin.
Army General Efrain Rios Montt became president of Guatemala thanks to a coup in March 1982. He was, then, deposed by another coup in August 1983. This was a time when Mr. Reagan was hypnotizing the American people with his aw-shucks, soothing Hollywood narcotic speech tones.
Previous to the supportive Reagan administration, the Carter administration had cut off military aid to the Guatemalan military. But, then, our representatives in Washington cut a deal with Israel to arm the Guatemalan army and, thanks to lots of experience with Palestinians, to teach them how to monitor and keep track of the Mayans utilizing computerized records and other hi-tech tricks. Rios Montt reportedly once told ABC News that his success was due to the fact that “our soldiers were trained by Israelis.”
What arguably prepared the ground for the Rios Montt trial was the 1998 murder of Bishop Juan Gerardi, bludgeoned to death by a cinder block in his garage in Guatemala City. Gerardi directed the Guatemalan arch-diocese's human rights agency, known by the acronym ODHA. Two days before his murder on April 26, ODHA had released a document titled Nunca Mas or Never Again, a four-volume document that detailed the horrors of the 70s and 80s.
Francisco Goldman followed the case for years and wrote an incredible account called The Art of Political Murder: Who Killed the Bishop? It is a labyrinthine and bizarre tale complicated with death threats, charges of homosexual priests and a German shepherd named Baloo. After three years, three military men were convicted and sentenced to thirty years each for the murder. During the trial, one of those men, Colonel Byron Disrael Lima Estrada, said he was “just the point of the spear. Once they've created a judicial precedent, then they're going to go after the others.”
“For half a century the military's clandestine world had seemed impregnable,” Goldman writes. “The Gerardi case had opened a path into the darkness.” The bishop had been murdered because his work for the poor of Guatemala had directly threatened the “clandestine underbelly of official power — and their criminal rackets.”
The Gerardi story literally intersects with the Rios Montt story. With the death of Bishop Gerardi, the archdiocese appointed the brother of Efrain Rios Montt — Catholic Bishop Mario Rios Mont (unlike his brother, he spells his surname with a single “t”) — as director of ODHA, the human rights office. It seems the two brothers were diametrically opposed on the politics of the poor, with Mario assuming some liberation theology views. This may explain why General and President Rios Montt abandoned Catholicism and became a born-again evangelical protestant using apocalyptic language out of The Book of Revelations. At the time, Rios Montt was a personal friend of Pat Robertson. (You may recall it was Robertson who on TV publicly called for the assassination of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez.)
In what now seems a weirdly prescient remark, during the Gerardi murder trial Bishop Rios Mont said this, referring to the Guatemalan military's immense clandestine power: “…as long as this power behind the throne exists, Guatemala will not be free, nor will it have justice or peace. Here, presidents come, and presidents go. Just when we thought we'd recovered an environment that made it possible to live in peace, they answered: Here take your dead man, who tried to discover the truth.”
I made ten trips to Central America in the 1980s and ‘90s as a documentary photographer. It was a time when anyone trying to call attention to this kind of violence could get nowhere in North America. I knew of the slaughter in Guatemala, so it's hard to swallow the idea that the US government did not. The Reagan administration came in denouncing the Carter human rights focus and began to aggressively stir up war in the region. It armed and trained ex-soldiers of the Nicaraguan tyrant Anastasio Somoza's dreaded guardia in what became known as the Contra War. Reagan's highly publicized labeling of the Contras as “freedom fighters” aside, it was basically a terrorist war of hit and run attacks on pro-Sandinista villages and enterprises, with the Contras being directed out of neighboring Honduras by US Ambassador John Negroponte.
The US sent advisers to El Salvador, and as the death squad bodies piled up, the Reagan administration certified every six months that improvements were being made.
Having spent time in Central America then and having met so many wonderful people trying to free themselves of the yoke of oppression, the only downside to the conviction of Rios Montt for genocidal murder is that Ronald Reagan can't be given a similar trial and packed away to some super-max in the desert. Sure, I carry some bitterness from those years. They were extremely frustrating times for anyone with any compassion for the poor in Central America.
I recall trying to explain to my Reagan-loving father what it was like to listen to a Salvadoran woman tell about finding her 23-year-old daughter in a body dump tortured and skinned. I'll never forget the sadness and horror in her eyes as she willed herself to share her horrific tale so we're visiting gringos might pass it North.
When I told my dad of this stuff, he would grimace at his rebellious middle son — not because of the story or the woman's suffering, but as if he were echoing Ronald Reagan: “There you go again!” The more horrible the story, the more I was dismissed as a dupe of left wing communists. It was impossible to get through the point that we were supporting and condoning monstrous behavior. Suffering that was connected to our policies simply did not register. I recall a workmate who suggested one day at lunch that because of my traveling in Central America I knew less than she did from watching television.
It really began to sink in that the most powerful nation in the world was nursing a deep mythic assumption that Americans and America were exceptional; somehow we were being victimized by these little countries in Central America. The peasants being consumed by incredible violence deserved whatever they got for what they had done to us.
A shrink might point out that we North Americans had done our own versions of scorched earth in bombing campaigns in Vietnam and Laos. We did this because the Vietnamese refused our demands that they capitulate and give up the idea of independence. They would not budge, so we had to bomb them. They were trying to humiliate us in the world's eyes, and we had to stand up to them.
How long can we delude ourselves with the Myth of Exceptionalism? How many more massacres and bombing atrocities do we have to refuse to see before the scales fall from the eyes of a critical mass of Americans? How much more bullshit do we have to take?
The photos, here, show three Mayans who testified to atrocities in the Rios Montt trial. They are, from left to right, Juana Sanchez Toma; Benjamin Jeronimo, president and legal representative of the Association for Justice and Reconciliation that advocated for the trial; and Elena de Paz Santiago, who told of being beaten and gang-raped repeatedly by soldiers. Jeronimo told the blog democraticunderground.com that young Guatemalans “have to know what a dirty war is, a war in which people were taken advantage of, who had no way of defending themselves, and were not guilty of what they were being accused.”
“We showed them we are not communists,” Antonio Caba told The New York Times as he wiped away tears. “We are simply villagers.”
The conviction and sentencing of Efrain Rios Montt to an effective life prison term is an important milestone. Something has been broken and overcome in Guatemala. While the Guatemalan right is certainly not without resources, the poor have clearly gained a degree of power in a very dark system.
Ricardo Falla, a Jesuit priest in Guatemala, wrote a powerful book called Massacres In the Jungle: Ixcan, Guatemala, 1975-1982 documenting all the horrors revealed in the Rios Montt trial. He writes, “Seeds of new life have emerged from the massacres.” He metaphorically refers to the horrors as “fertilizer that makes the earth fruitful, blossoming with something new.” A strong bond has been formed out of horror. “Weeping is accompanied by another sign of life: the feeling of brotherhood, which overrides family, language, and ethnic and religious barriers — their shared bond as people who have lost everything.”
As a nation and a people, we don't know anything about victimhood, and it's past time we moved beyond that delusion.
Following Wednesday's deadly mass shooting in San Bernardino, Calif., Democratic Ulster County Sheriff Paul Van Blarcum asked licensed gun owners in his upstate N.Y. county to begin carrying their weapons in a post on Thursday on the Facebook page of the Ulster County Sheriff's Office.
In the widely seen viral post, which stimulated a robust debate in its comments section, Sheriff Van Blarcum wrote, “In light of recent events that have occurred in the United States and around the world I want to encourage citizens of Ulster County who are licensed to carry a firearm to PLEASE DO SO.”
[RELATED: Fact Check: 355 Mass Shootings So Far in 2015?]
“I urge you to responsibly take advantage of your legal right to carry a firearm. To ensure the safety of yourself and others, make sure you are comfortable and proficient with your weapon, and knowledgeable of the laws in New York State with regards to carrying a weapon and when it is legal to use it,” he added.
Van Blarcum told The Associated Press that he is “not trying to drum up a militia of any sort” but that his deputies are “partners with the public in crime prevention” and noted that around 10,000 licensed handgun owners live in his county.
[RELATED: Reality Check: Are Gun-Free Zones Ripe For Mass Shootings?]
“I also want to remind all Police/Peace Officers both active duty and retired to please carry a weapon whenever you leave your house. We are the thin blue line that is entrusted in keeping this country safe, and we must be prepared to act at any given moment,” wrote Van Blarcum in his controversial Facebook post.
A commenter criticized the post, saying, “I am confused as to why the Ulster County Sheriff's Office, whose job it is to protect people, would encouraging [sic] citizens to take up arms for their own safety.”
Another Facebook commenter replied, “Maybe because they can't be everywhere at once. It is our right to carry and protect ourselves when needed.“
For about as long as humans have been studying animal behavior, though, they've been considering the question of whether such a love is really possible. Is it fair to call these pairings friendships, or is there something else that's drawing them to one another?
Gordon Burghardt, a psychologist and ecologist at the University of Tenessee, dismisses the argument that animal friendships are just humans anthropomorphizing other behaviors. “Mother-infant bonding, no one has a problem extending that from a human to a chimpanzee,” he says. “I think if you're careful, it's pretty reasonable to extend behavioral similarities across species.”
And in recent years, the case for animal friendship has solidified: Chimpanzees choose their companions based on personality, elephants offer one another emotional support in times of stress, bats form cliques within their larger colonies—all elements of the bond that we call friendship when it's shared between two humans.
But researchers aren't as sure what's going on with the star-crossed lovers of the animal kingdom—especially when these interspecies pairings are a predator and its prey. Over the past few weeks, for example, a tiger at the Siberian Zoo named Amur has been palling around with a goat, Timur, which handlers originally left in his enclosure as a meal. Amur had attacked and eaten all his previous goats; this one, though, spends his days romping through the tiger enclosure with his would-be killer. Here's a video of the two animals at play:
“They are inseparable,” Dmitry Mezentsev, the director of the park, told The Siberian Times. Amur, who had never before been aggressive with park staff, has begun hissing at anyone who gets too close to Timur.
One possible explanation: At the moment that Timur entered his enclosure, Amur was lonelier than he was hungry. Animals in captivity have their food presented to them; they don't need to worry about marking their territory or looking for mates the way an animal in the wild would. “All those activities take time and energy, and if those needs are removed, the animals get bored,” Burghardt said. Depending on the context, a playmate—even an unorthodox one—can be more satisfying than a meal: “In this particular situation, the animal's motivation to engage socially and playfully maybe was higher in its need hierarchy than eating.”
A zookeeper from a different Siberian wildlife park recently told The Siberian Times that there's “an 80-85 percent chance” that Amur will end up eating his new friend. But there's also a chance, Burghardt explained, that the tiger has come to permanently think of Timur as something other than food, and that once a bond has been established, it can often preclude a predator from reverting back to its natural state. (To hedge their bets—or maybe to spare Timur the trauma—the zookeepers have switched Amur to an all-rabbit diet.)
Update, 7/15: It took four days, but the Air Force now agrees that SpaceX has completed the three flights needed to officially demonstrate it can compete for national security contracts; further technical reviews and audits will continue before full certification is granted.
“I applaud SpaceX on achieving the three flights,” Lieutenant General Sam Greaves said in a statement. “With this significant part of the agreed-to path in certifying the Falcon 9 v1.1 launch system complete, we look forward to working with SpaceX to complete the remaining certification activities and providing SpaceX with the opportunity to compete for EELV missions.”
Original story:
SpaceX successfully put six communication satellites for Orbcomm, a leading space communications company, into orbit on July 14. The tenth successful launch of SpaceX's Falcon 9 rocket is more evidence that the company is ready to compete with proven firms to gain lucrative government contracts, but its battle with US military buyers has them unwilling to admit that the company is capable of putting complex electronics in space.
SpaceX wants to compete for nearly $70 billion in Air Force launches expected through 2030, but in December the Air Force surprised observers by awarding a sole-source, 36-launch contract worth $11 billion to United Launch Alliance. SpaceX sued the Air Force for awarding the contract to ULA, a joint venture of Lockheed Martin and Boeing, without competition, saying the decision to award so many contracts so far in advance violated the government's promise to introduce cost-saving competition into the process. The government says the case should be dismissed because SpaceX knew about the long-term contract in advance and failed to protest in a timely way.
SpaceX is still working through the process that will certify it to compete with ULA (currently the only certified company) with its much-cheaper launch system. The process, which will cost $60 million and requires 100 Air Force personnel and contractors, is expected to be finished by this year. SpaceX has already completed three trial launches (the final one coming just days after ULA was awarded the contract), and on July 11, the company told reporters that the Air Force had certified those launches, another step in the overall process.
But not according to the Air Force, which has so far refused to repeated requests to comment on the launch certification, citing the pending litigation.
The military has not been pleased with SpaceX's suit or CEO Elon Musk's harsh public statements, which has also attracted the oversight attention of US senator John McCain. “Generally, the person you're going to do business with you don't sue,” is the frequently-cited quote from William Shelton, the general in charge of the Air Force's Space Command. However, with a lawsuit filed by a ULA subsidiary seeking $400 million in additional payments from the Air Force still pending, it may be more common than Shelton thinks.
SpaceX has tried to keep the certification process separate from its suit against the Air Force's block-buy contract, saying publicly that it is still working closely with the military to prepare its rockets for competition, even as it lambasts ULA's deal in the courts. The Air Force's reluctance to publicly acknowledge SpaceX's progress suggests that it doesn't see the same separation between the two issues, which might not augur well for the fledgling space firm's efforts to win the $3 billion worth of national security business it hopes to garner.
The ski and snowboard industry is finally starting to design gear specifically for splitboarding. We wanted to find out how these splitboard poles held up in various temperatures, snowpacks and other variabilities including the length of the tour.
All the splitboard poles were thoroughly tested on tours here in the Tetons, in BC and Tahoe. A few of the best splitboard poles listed below can actually pack down small enough to toss inside your backpack, while the rest can easily be attached to the outside of your pack for the descent.
Best Splitboard Poles
1. Rossignol Touring Pro Foldable Poles
Rossignol is now in the splitboard game thanks to the Xavier de la Rue. Although Rossignol's poles are more focused on skiing they work great for splitboarding too. I tested out Rossignol's Touring Pro Foldable Pole in a fixed length 125cm. This 3 piece pole is made of Aluminum and weights in at just over a .5 lb (255 grams) per pole.
The Handle offers nice rubber grips with a harder material at the top and removable straps.
The most unique feature on these poles are the baskets which can swivel back and forth on the snow. What this does are offer a solid contact point with the snow regardless of what angle the pole is placed.
The only downside to this pole comes in it's fixed length sizes ( 115, 125, 135 ) which may or not be the right splitboard pole sizing for your needs. I opted for the 125 which was about the right size in most conditions. However, there is no way to adjust the height of this pole when the snow gets deep or terrain changes underfoot hiking or splitboarding. [Purchase: $125]
2. Black Diamond Expedition 3 Ski Poles
Your skier friends may try and steal these poles from you as they are actually designed for skiing but again work amazing for a day of splitboarding. The Black Diamond Expedition 3 Ski Poles are simple in design with very few moving pieces. This is a pole you can trust in the backcountry thanks to Black Diamond's tried and true FLICKLOCK.
The Expedition 3 as the name implies is a 3 piece pole made of 100% Aluminum that weighs in at .57 lbs (260 grams) per pole. The 62-140cm pole breaks down to 24.2 inches (62 cm). Be careful when putting the baskets on these poles as the plastic threads can easily strip.
Black Diamond uses rubber grips that extended about a foot down the pole for more contact points. The only downside is the straps are not removable. [Purchase: $99]
3. LEKI Tourstick Vario Vertical Poles
The poles I most often find myself grabbing before heading out the door are the LEKI Tourstick Vario Carbon Poles. I had mentioned them last year in our splitboard pole roundup and they just keep getting better year after year.
Out of the box, these poles come with some burly looking straps from LEKI. The Trigger S straps which are easily removable and specifically made to release upon impact which was taken from LEKI's ski racing background. Personally, I cut or remove all the straps from all my backcountry poles as it's a safer way to travel through the mountains.
Weighing in at .55 lbs (253 grams) the LEKI Tour Stick Vario Carbon Pole is easy to swing around and offers up a ton of places to grip the pole on the way up. With these poles I often find myself holding the grip toward the lowest part on the pole. These poles offer up a ton of power on the up.
Thee LEKI Tour Stick Poles break down to 15 inches (39 cm) for the descent.
The only downside to the Tourstick Vario Carbon and the others in the LEKI line is the Speedlock 2 locking mechanism can be wonky with a lot of moving parts. Be sure to figure out how to tighten and loosen these poles indoors before you head into the field. Once everything is in place this is a fine set of poles. [Purchase: $199]
4. Atomic BCT Mountaineering SQS Poles
Atomic, yes the ski brand makes a great simple collapsible pole that works wonders for splitboarding. Starting with the baskets, these powder baskets are designed for chomping on snow.
The BCT Pole is made of Aluminum Alloy which makes it one of the lightest poles on the market. This pole may look simple, because it is, and that's exactly why we like it. Atomic's BTC pole also happens to packs down the smallest of any of the collapsible poles we tested.
Atomic's BCT Mountaineering SQS Pole offers extra grip thanks to foam wrapped around the handle. The top of the pole is made of hard plastic which starts to be noticeable against your palm on longer tours.
The standout part of this pole is Atomic's locking mechanism. It's simple, clean and so far fail proof. [Purchase: $169]
5. MSR DynaLock Explore Poles
The fanciest pole on this list comes from MSR. The MSR Dynalock Explore Pole weights .65 lbs (294 grams) per pole. What's nice about this pole is the DynaLock closures, which can be easily adjusted on the fly thanks to a little spin wheel. As with the LEKI poles mentioned above be sure to figure out how to open and close this system in the comfort of your home. Once it's dialed in you can rely on Mountain Safety Research to keep everything in place. Collapsed splitboard pole length of 24 inches (62cm)
The Dynalock Explore handle grip is made of rubber and there is foam that runs down about a foot from the top of the pole that allows for various positions to hold. The adjustable straps are not removable.
The only thing I would change if you plan to use these poles is the baskets. They do not really like to be in powder snow with there big circular design and can easily tip over. So either place these grip side down into the snow or just replace the baskets with something more BC friendly. [Purchase: $99]
6. BCA Scepter 4S Poles
One when of the most trusted names in backcountry safety (BCA) makes a set of backcountry specific splitboard poles you really should take note. One of the best features of these poles is simply how small the pack down (17″ or 45.7cm) in length. This means to you can stuff these poles inside your backpack if you have room for them. Otherwise, they can easily be latched down to the outside of your pack.
If you're familiar with tossing an avalanche probe out you will dig the feel of the Backcountry Access Scepter 4S pole. To engage the pole once it's broken down simply pull the top section of pole out while tossing the rest of the pole away from you, and wah-la the splitboard pole is ready to go. This is one of the simpler designs we have used.
The only thing that can be improved with these poles would be to switch out the material at the top of the handle. At times I tend to put the flat of my palm on the top of my splitboard poles. It seems to really help to drive power into each stroke. However that being said, BCA does make up for this with the added padding down the shaft of the pole. Having more places to grip is never a bad thing. Aside from a hard rubber top these poles are foolproof and have become my daily drivers. The Scepter poles, are amazing and can also be used for 4 seasons hence the 4S name. [Purchase: $119]
7. Black Diamond Carbon Compactor Poles
Black Diamond took the success of the Z-pole compactibility and updated it into the sleek and lightweight Carbon Compactors. The Carbon Compactor splitboard poles are activated via a tension-lock system, in mere seconds the assembly is complete helping to speed up you're transitioning.
Couple unique things about these poles, first off the grip on the top of the handle works great for lifting your binding risers while touring as it has an extra lip that sticks out. Also, the baskets are semicircle which makes them grip nicely while ascending steep firm hills. And finally, a pleasant benefit of carbon poles is that much less warmth is pulled away from your hands than a metal equivalent.
We did have an issue with these poles freezing up and not allowing the push button to engage. So the poles would work fine, they just wouldn't pack down so nicely when it was well below (0 degrees C or 32 degrees Fahrenheit). The Black Diamond Carbon Compactor Poles is a heck of a deal without breaking the bank. [Purchase: $129]
8. LEKI Tour Stick Vario Carbon Poles 2016
My second favorite pair of splitboard poles is the LEKI Tour Stick Vario Carbon. If the baskets on these poles were a little bit larger and more rigid they would have easily been our top pick.
Vonn, Steigler, and Shiffrin all rock LEKI – wait aren't those all skiers. Yep, and they rip too. When the world's best skiers pick LEKI maybe you should too?
These splitboard poles pack down to (16″ or 40.64cm) which makes them the smallest on this list for when tossing inside your backpack or for rigging as mentioned above.
Similar to the Scepter from BCA the LEKI Tour Stick Vario Carbon splitboard poles are put together by tossing the poles away from you while holding the shaft. This action again mimics that of an avalanche probe. It will be hard to find a better high performing pole on the market than the Tour Stick Vario Carbon from LEKI ($199.95).
Are there any poles missing from the list? Possibly, however, we are very selective of the gear we test, especially gear we take into the backcountry and then stand behind with our reviews.
Splitboard Pole Price Comparison
Now that we have your splitboard poles dialed, what about your splitboard skins?
If you have kids you'll understand what follows. If you don't, you'll probably be horrified. Rated for less-than-good-parent language.
I have 3 kids. A 4 year old. A five year old. An eight year old. Dark days indeed. The fighting, whining, disrespect, property damage – all come part and parcel to parenting young children – regardless of what mad skills you might have in your quiver.
Of course I don't hate my kids, nobody really does. We just feel, let's say, a very strong dislike towards them from time to time. What's funny/interesting is the difference between how we feel about them when they're “good,” and how we feel about them when they're not. We get warm feelings when they're playing nice, eating all their food, cleaning up, loving their siblings, sleeping – and very different feelings when they're doing things that anger us. They're not so cute anymore. The mere sight of them brings up feelings of disgust. You'd think we'd just get a little frustrated but it goes way deeper than that for most parents.
When you have kids it's not long before they'll push a “button,” some unhealed wound or two that you carry inside – something that happened long ago at the hands of another human that you haven't quite put to bed yet. I don't know anyone who doesn't have multiple places in their soul where they're still hurt. I do know tons of people who'll tell you they've dealt with it all – “moved on” – but most of us haven't.
I have a friend who experienced something horrible years ago. She told me she gave herself two years to grieve, then she got over it. Sounds great, but it doesn't work that way. It's likely that we'll take so many of our buttons to the grave, mainly because we have no respect whatsoever for how deep they are. The cutesy moniker “buttons” betrays how clueless we are to their severity.
Either way, when our kids push our buttons it hurts, and it's easy to see these little button-pushing fuckers as enemies – people who don't care about us, against whom we have to defend ourselves – that's how we respond when we feel hurt. That's why kids appear different when they've done something that's not only wrong, but rubs its finger in our unhealed areas. That's why we lose our shit at some of the shit they pull. We're on the defensive. We're retaliating, many times in ways that will create the same buttons in them that we've been wandering through adulthood with.
In the past, when other people have pushed our buttons, we've been able to distance ourselves, or break the relationship altogether. But you can't do that with kids, we have to stay engaged.
My eight year old did something small yesterday that made me very angry. When I drop her off at school she gets out of our minivan through the sliding door on the passenger side. She usually can't close the door herself so I always ask her to close it enough so I can reach it from the driver's seat and slide it the rest of the way.
Yesterday am She got out of the car, stood and looked at me as I said “goodbye, have a nice day at school.” It had been a tough morning – we were all a bit edgy. “Please slide the door a little bit my way so I can reach it, honey.” She slid the door a couple centimeters and walked off. “Hey, please get back here and close the door.” A couple more centimeters. I shot her a dirty look, got out of my seat, closed the door. She walked off. Button. Pushed.
I sat in the car and watched her walk away. Usually when I do this I think about how much I love her, but this am all I could think about was retaliation. But my hard-core negative feelings for her had nothing to do with what just went down, and everything to do with my buttons, which unfortunately, had just called the shots in a difficult situation.
This was one of those rare mornings however when I stopped to think about what really happened – what was underneath it all. Sure, she was intentionally disrespectful, and we dealt with that later, but she's a good kid. She's not my enemy, and there's no misbehavior that we can't work through.
Thinking about my buttons above her infraction brought me peace and forgiveness, for both of us, and a greater vision for how to make sure my kids are always beautiful to me.
click to share Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
WhatsApp
Email
Reddit
LinkedIn
Like this: Like Loading...
Portland leaders and state lawmakers pushed crosswalk and roadway safety Thursday morning as the city grapples with the deaths of 13 pedestrians, bicyclists, motorcycle riders and motorists in traffic crashes.
Eight of the crashes happened in East Portland neighborhoods, said Leah Treat, director of the Portland Bureau of Transportation, during a news conference at the intersection of Southeast Stark Street and 151st Avenue. The year-to-date death toll is nearly twice the seven fatalities recorded during the same period last years.
"They're feeling the brunt of traffic violence. Vision Zero is important because we're not going to accept this violence happening on our roadways," Treat said about the city's 2015 initiative aimed to "eliminate serious injuries and deaths on our streets by 2025."
The bureau recently installed 16 rapid-flash beacons, devices that light up for drivers to see pedestrians, who in turn hear "yellow lights are flashing" in English and Spanish. Funded by state lawmakers in 2014, the 16 beacons cost the city $1.9 million, or about $119,000 each.
"Some cost more, some cost less, depending on the hardware, the (Americans with Disabilities Act) requirements, whether we're installing/altering curb extensions and median islands, etc.," said Dylan Rivera, bureau spokesman.
Without grant dollars from Metro, the regional government, or the state Legislature, the bureau can only afford to install two beacons per year, said Margi Bradway, the bureau's active transportation division manager.
"Since 2012, we've installed 34 rapid-flash beacons in East Portland," Transportation Commissioner Steve Novick said. "Sixteen of those we installed because of the support of the legislature in funding them."
Just before Novick began speaking at the news conference, a car stopped at a flashing beacon before screeching its tires and speeding away with the occupants hollering from inside the car. Seconds later, a Portland police officer on a motorcycle gave chase.
The bureau and police plan to conduct about eight enforcement stations that send pedestrian decoys to cross a street while officers pay attention to a driver's reaction or lack there of, to the person, Rivera said.
Traffic deaths peaked at 37 in 2015 and bottomed out at 20 in 2008 over a 10-year period ending in 2015, according to the Portland Traffic Safety Report that year.
State Rep. Jessica Vega Pederson, D-Portland, said that residents deserve to have safe ways to cross the street, whether they're children, the elderly or in between.
"This is a good start," she said of the beacons, "but we have a lot more to do to ensure safety for everyone in our community."
-- Tony Hernandez
thernandez@oregonian.com
503-294-5928
@tonyhreports
With less than a week until launch, now seems like a good time to update you on the post-launch plans for Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Wildlands. Much awaits you after March 7! You can already check out the new season pass trailer below for a look at some of the exclusive content on the way:
Let's dive into the different topics in chronological order!
Over the past month, we ran closed and open beta phases during which we were able, for the very first time, to put the game in your hands. We gathered a lot of feedback during these two events, some of which will be addressed in the game's day one patch. However, our work does not stop there: we will keep evaluating your feedback and improving your experiences through the numerous game updates in the months to come.
As a reminder, the Ghost Recon Network is the game's official community platform, where you can create your Ghost profile and find your in-game statistics. More importantly, you will be able to find friends and create or join a Task Force to plan game sessions with other players sharing the same motivations. You can click here to access the Ghost Recon Network right away.
The Ghost Recon HQ is the game's official companion app, and can be downloaded for free on iOS and Android tablets and phones. The companion app can serve as a second-screen experience both in solo and co-op if you synchronize it with your game, as the TacMap will be seamlessly broadcast through the app. You can also play in Guerilla mode to help the Rebellion and unlock Resources, which you can then use in the main game to further your progression. It also contains exclusive information about Bolivia and the characters you will meet in the game.
Even though both the Ghost Recon Network and the Ghost Recon HQ are already available for free today, both will be your keys to the game's community in the years to come. Finding the right players to play with and having the latest news on the game automatically pushed through the app will ensure you'll be at the forefront of anything and everything Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Wildlands!
The very first Season of Challenges will start a few weeks after launch. Each Season uses a specific theme, creating a short story to follow. For a month and a half, you will be tasked each week with different objectives, some of which need to be accomplished in solo, with others through your Task Force and through the entire community. If you manage to complete these different Challenges, various rewards will be unlocked for all participants.
Stay tuned for more information very soon on the first Season. Spoiler alert: the theme will concern a certain military faction working for the corrupt government…
Players of the closed and open beta who play the full version of the game before March 31 will be able to access the Unidad Conspiracy exclusive add-on content in April. This will grant access to a set of new missions in the province of Media Luna, in which the Ghosts will have to go after a mysterious Unidad captain, El Comandante. All season pass owners will also be granted this content when it releases in the month of April.
Players who want to enjoy the Peruvian Connection add-on content still have a few days left to pre-order the game and get it when the game releases. It is also part of the season pass for those of you who might want to get it later!
Throughout the life of the game, you'll also be able to have access to exclusive weapons and even more customization options for your character, your gear, and your vehicles. This optional content can be purchased in the Store, in exchange for credit packs. Most of this new content is purely cosmetic, with new exotic weapons that will always be balanced with the gear that can be found in-game. Our goal with these items is to provide more options to players who wish to customize their experience further, both in solo and co-op.
The game's first major expansion will give you the full spectrum of narco life, as you tear through Bolivia using new vehicles in a series of fast-paced missions. Expect to face the most insane adversaries as you infiltrate three smuggling gangs and take out their leaders one by one until you reach the mastermind: El Invisible.
Along with its more eccentric tone, this new adventure will include more than a dozen new missions across four provinces, new vehicles, new weapons skins, and side activities, with everything being entirely playable in solo and in four-player co-op. Season pass owners will be able to access this paid content one week early.
Expect more news on Narco Road as we get closer to its launch date!
6. DLC 2: Fallen Ghosts
With Fallen Ghosts, get ready for your Spec Ops skills to be put to the test! After your chopper is shot down during an evacuation mission, your squad will be forced to adapt as you are tracked down by Los Extranjeros, an elite group of ruthless mercenaries. Fortunately, new weapons and skills will help you and your friends find the strength to escape! As with Narco Road, season pass owners will be able to access this paid content one week early.
7. PvP
Last but definitely not least, it is now official: Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Wildlands will feature an adversarial mode!
You can expect some intense battles, as you will be pitted against other squads of four Ghosts. More information is coming in the upcoming months, but one thing is for sure: the adversarial mode will be available a few months after launch as a free update for all players!
This is a rush transcript. Copy may not be in its final form.
AMY GOODMAN: Congressmember Kucinich, I wanted to ask you about a couple other quick issues. In Texas, the Tea Party-backed candidate, Ted Cruz, has defeated Lieutenant Governor David Dewhurst in a runoff for the Republican Senate nomination. Cruz had once been considered a long-shot candidate but surged in the polls to beat out Dewhurst, who had won the backing of Texas Governor Rick Perry. Dewhurst was considered conservative; Cruz, the Tea Party candidate. The significance of this?
REP. DENNIS KUCINICH: Well, you know, the Tea Party remains organized. And who's ever organized obviously has an advantage in an election, allowing that the organization also is funded. So, you know, the Tea Party is a powerful force—can't be denied.
AMY GOODMAN: And your plans, Congressmember Kucinich? You will be leaving the Congress. What do you plan to do next?
REP. DENNIS KUCINICH: Well, I—it's a range of things. I mean, I'm accelerating towards the finish line and just doing everything I can to use the available time to keep championing the concerns of the American people. But I've already established an organization called Kucinich Action, which is at KucinichAction.com, which will hold our political activity as a constant factor in helping people organize at all levels, but to keep our focus also trained on matters of war and peace, on jobs, on the environment. So, KucinichAction.com is goign to be part of my political activity. Beyond that, there are a number of different options I'm looking at. I'm really doing everything I can to stay as focused on the duty at hand in Washington, including, of course, trying to work with others to save this Postal Service.
AMY GOODMAN: Congressmember Kucinich, I want to thank you very much for being with us.
REP. DENNIS KUCINICH: Thank you.
AMY GOODMAN: And Chuck Zlatkin of the New York Metro Area [Postal] Union, thank you very well—thank you very much for being with us, as well.
This is Democracy Now!, democracynow.org, The War and Peace Report. When we come back, we're going to cover the court-martial of those involved with the death of Private Danny Chen and also go inside a Broward jail to speak with a young activist who's trying to find out about immigrants inside who should not be deported. Stay with us.
Sprint (NYSE:S) bumped up its quarterly earnings call to next week in an apparent move to ease the fears of investors in the wake of plummeting shares and downgraded credit ratings. The carrier had been expected to report earnings during the first week of February, but yesterday announced it would report its earnings on Tuesday, Jan. 26.
While the nation's fourth-largest carrier is expected to report its first full year of subscriber growth in eight years, shares have sunk 26.5 percent during the past week following reports that Sprint is planning a dramatic network overhaul. The company reportedly will relocate much of its equipment from leased space on private land to more affordable, government-owned space, and will transition away from using fiber-optic cables owned by AT&T (NYSE: T) and Verizon (NYSE: VZ) in favor of microwave technology for linking its cell towers to telecom networks.
The network transition is part of a larger plan to cut as much as $2.5 billion in costs. Sprint also took a $150 million charge for expenses related to layoffs that are expected to continue through January.
Meanwhile, Sprint was given a "B" rating by analysts at Morningstar, indicating the carrier is a high default risk, and Jefferies Group analysts reduced their EPS estimates for Sprint during the recent quarter. Moody's Investors Service downgraded credit ratings for Sprint in November, and Bloomberg Business recently reported parent SoftBank has taken on roughly $100 billion debt over Sprint's financial woes.
Despite all the bad news, though, Sprint's position may not be dire, according to Jennifer Fritzsche of Wells Fargo Securities.
"We want to hear from them -- because the story is not THAT bad," Fritzsche said in a note to investors. "Our checks would show that S saw some momentum with net adds and continued low churn. We continue to believe the bonds (which are trading at distressed levels) and equity are trading the worst case scenario and well below the asset value of the 2.5 GHz spectrum."
"We believe Sprint is the most interesting stock on our wireless list right now," Fritzsche continued. "We view Sprint's outlined path for Network Vision very positively."
Investors seemed pleased to hear of Sprint's move to reschedule its quarterly report. Shares rose 2 percent on the news yesterday afternoon, and continued to climb another 6 percent this morning.
For more:
- see this Sprint press release
Related articles:
Sprint's financial woes spark 18% drop in SoftBank stock
Sprint's Claure gives himself 3-5 years for turnaround after 1 year on the job
Sprint to abandon 2-year contracts by year-end, embrace leasing exclusively
Sprint extends Claure's contract until 2019, will give him 10M shares if he gets stock to $8
SoftBank buys $87M more in Sprint shares in show of confidence
Update February 12, 2018:
Washington has held its breath for the last few months, waiting to see if President Trump will fire Special Counsel Robert Mueller. His recent decision to clear a memo by GOP staffers of Rep. Devin Nunes (D-CA) that allegedly show FBI bias against him was widely thought to be part of an effort to kneecap the Mueller investigation and paint a target on another person at the Department, Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein.
If the President does try to move definitively against Mueller, he will have to find someone at the Justice Department to do the deed. The law is clear: Trump cannot personally fire Mueller.
But like characters in an Agatha Christie novel, the top lawyers from the Justice Department keep disappearing. Were they victims of foul play or did they just decide to get off the train before the (metaphorical) murders start?
Rachel Brand, the number three lawyer at Justice Department, and Dan Boente, who has worn many hats in this drama, were once in line to fire Mueller but have now taken their leave. Meanwhile, Steven Engel, the head of the department's Office of Legal Counsel, has hopped on board.
Friday, Brand announced that she is headed south, after nine months on the job, to Bentonville, Arkansas, to work for Walmart. According to NBC News, she was motivated in part by fear that she would be asked to take over supervising the Russia investigation. In late January, Boente moved over to the FBI to be its general counsel.
The newest addition to the cast is Assistant Attorney General Steven Engel. Like many a character in a Christie novel, Engel has a complicated past. Ethics at the Department of Justice in the time of Trump are never easy.
So, with this new cast of characters in mind, let's see how a Trump move to fire Mueller could play out, just for fun. (A full legal view of the situation is here.)
His first call would be to Attorney General Jeff Sessions. “Sorry, Mr. President,” Sessions might begin. “No can do. I recused myself from this investigation, remember? Surely you recall saying you never would have hired me as attorney general if you had known I would recuse myself. Why don't you try Rod Rosenstein, the deputy attorney general? He's the one in charge of Mueller. Hold on while I find his number.”
Trump would then call Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein, a career Justice Department official, summa cum laude graduate of Penn, and former Harvard Law Review editor.
“Mr. President, as I explained in Senate testimony in June, ‘I am not going to follow any orders unless I believe those are lawful and appropriate orders.' The special counsel can only be fired for good cause. And I haven't seen that good cause. With all due respect sir, you've put nothing in writing that proves good cause exists to dismiss the special counsel.
“Moreover, as I'm sure your lawyer can tell you, I have been interviewed as part of the investigation into the firing of former FBI Director James Comey. So, I feel like I need to decline your order. I'm sure you understand.”
At this point, the call likely ends in one of two ways: either Rosenstein is fired or he quits.
Next up on Trump's phone tree: the third highest-ranking official at Justice, Associate Attorney General Rachel Brand, a Harvard Law School graduate and former clerk to Justice Anthony Kennedy.
“Mr. President, as I'm sure you know, I'm heading down to Arkansas in a few weeks. Let's catch up when I'm settled in there.”
At this point, Brand would probably be calling the movers and asking them to hurry up with the packing.
Trump, increasingly anxious because he might miss the opening of Sean Hannity, would then reach out to Solicitor General Noel Francisco, a former Justice Antonin Scalia clerk and University of Chicago Law School graduate.
“Well, you see Mr. President, I've got a problem here,” Francisco might say. “Before you brought me into the Solicitor General's office, (thanks for that, by the way), I worked for Jones Day in D.C. where I was a partner with your White House Counsel, Don McGahn. And sir, you know how hard it is to unwind all these partnership things – I have money tied up in the firm. And your 2020 campaign paid Jones Day more than $800,000 in the fourth quarter of 2017 alone. I need to call the department's ethics director, Cynthia Shaw. Can I get back to you in a few days?”
At this point, Francisco would probably be fishing in his desk drawer for his office keys to hand to Justice Department security on his way out.
Next on the call sheet: Steven Engel. The Yale Law School graduate who clerked for Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy is now the chief of the Office of Legal Counsel, known as the President's law firm.
“Oh hey Mr. President. Nice to hear from you. Remember when I worked as a lawyer for your transition team? I'm not sure but maybe that could be a problem because that's when so many things Mueller is interested in happened. But you know, maybe I can take a look at this for you.
“As I'm sure you know, I can only fire Bob Mueller for ‘misconduct, dereliction of duty, incapacity, conflict of interest, or for other good cause, including violation of Departmental policies.' And the law also says that the Special Counsel must be informed ‘in writing of the specific reason for his or her removal.'
“Why don't you have your lawyers draw something up, and I'll take a look at it, maybe? Can't be sure yet.”
It is now 8:54 p.m. Only six minutes left before Hannity.
Now here is where things get even stranger. According to a March 31 Executive Order on Justice Department succession, the next three officials in line are the U.S. Attorneys for the Eastern District of Virginia, the Eastern District of North Carolina, and the Northern District of Texas.
So the president's next call would have been to Boente, U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia. But he has left his post for the FBI.
On to Robert “Bobby” Higdon, Jr., the Trump-appointed U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of North Carolina. Higdon spent nearly 25 years as a federal prosecutor, working in both North Carolina's Eastern and Western districts. Yet, his record is hardly unblemished. He led the campaign finance fraud prosecution of former North Carolina Senator and presidential candidate John Edwards, which resulted in an acquittal on one charge and the dismissal of the remaining five after a hung jury. (Full disclosure: I worked as Edwards' Senate legislative director.)
In 2013, Higdon was removed as head of the Eastern District's criminal division after two federal appellate judges delivered a blistering critique of the section, saying that it had frequently withheld evidence and failed to correct false trial testimony.
Higdon was sworn-in as U.S. Attorney October 10, 2017.
People behave unpredictably in unprecedented circumstances. It's entirely possible Higdon may prove no more malleable than the other recipients of the president's calls. As Trump himself likes to say: Stay tuned.
Click on the image for better viewing)
(Photo: Getty)
The views expressed are the author's own and not necessarily those of the Brennan Center for Justice.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RENTON, Wash. -- A 21-year-old man was shot in the arm while in a parking lot near the LA Fitness in Renton's Fairwood neighborhood Monday night, the King County Sheriff's Office said.
The victim's injury was not life threatening, a spokesman said.
A gunshot was reported shortly after 7 p.m. near 140th and Petrovitsky, the spokesman said. Witnesses reporting seeing four to five young black men in the parking lot, hearing a gunshot and then seeing one man running with what seemed to be a gun in his hand, the spokesman said.
A witness, Dawson Duff, told Q13 News that an argument started over basketball in the LA Fitness and then spilled out into the parking lot. A man tried to separate the two men who were fighting but he called the suspected shooter a "couple of offensive words", Duff said. As the man was walking to his car, the suspect went to his car, got a gun and shot the other man in the arm, Duff said. He tried to shoot again, but his gun apparently jammed, Duff said, and he then fled on foot.
The suspect was described as black, 20 to 25 years of age, about 5-foot-8, thin build, with short hair, wearing black sweats and a backpack.
Officers used a K-9 unit to try to track the suspect, but without success.
At a joint panel at Anime Expo 2015, Studio 4°C introduced its first anime crowdfunding project, titled. The studio is also partnering with Comcept in developing a video game titled).Comcept was founded by Keiji Inafune, best known as a co-designer of the Rockman (Mega Man) character at Capcom. It has created games such asand. According to Studio 4°C president Eiko Tanaka , the collaboration originated from meetings she and Inafune had on the sidelines of Anime Expo 2014.will use treasure hunting as a story concept, and it will be in a setting separate from but parallel to the video game. Yuuta Sano, who is previously a CG animator for the Berserk: Ougon Jidaihen movies, will make his directorial debut in the project. Studio 4°C will experiment in combining 3D characters with hand-drawn paintings.The anime Kickstarter has a total crowdfunding goal of US$2.48 million. It is composed of eight episodes of varying length, each with its own stretch goal. The first stretch goal of US$150,000 has a deadline of August 4, 2015. A ninth stretch goal is to produce an ending animation. Should the project meet its ultimate funding target, it will be presented as a feature film of at least 75 minutes, which includes an epilogue to the story. Yuuki Kaji will voice the protagonist Beck. Supporters who pledge US$14 or more to the project will have a right to vote for the seiyuu cast of two other characters, Call and Tyger. In the game, Call will be voiced by Asami Seto , while Tyger will be voiced by Houchuu Ootsuka Official site: http://redashgame.com/ Official anime Kickstarter: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/mightyno9/red-ash-magicicada-by-studio4c Official game Kickstarter: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/mightyno9/red-ash-the-indelible-legend
A pregnant Angolan asylum seeker was run down and killed on a Lewiston street last week by her angry ex-fiance and so this story is all about how African women should speak up so that the police can protect them from the cultural norms they brought with them from Africa.
Frankly I am sick of stories about cultural conflicts and problems in Lewiston, Maine, the ‘Little Mogadishu' of the Northeast. So check it out yourselves (Portland Press Herald) titled:
Domestic violence often kept hidden by Maine immigrants, refugees
I don't think the debate should be about how African women should speak up, it should be about why we are inviting so many to the US from cultures that are so diametrically opposed to our culture in respect to women's rights (and a whole lot of other things).
See also Maine election year battle over welfare for asylum seekers. And, one of our recent top posts, ISIS fighter had ties to Lewiston.
By the way, Maine has become the go-to state for asylum seekers because the state gives welfare to them while the feds only give welfare to successful asylum seekers who have been granted asylum and been declared a “refugee.” Many of Maine's would-be refugees arrive in the US illegally or overstay a visa, head to Maine, and then apply for asylum claiming they will be persecuted if sent home.
Go here for our extensive archive on Lewiston.
When it comes to cryptocurrency regulations, lawmakers are jousting with different opinions and viewpoints. Some believe that Bitcoin should be regulated, while others are firm that Bitcoin should be left to its own devices.
Before legislators can take action, they must understand the nature of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies. This is a great challenge because the Blockchain Technology must be understood, as well as its impact on different industries. Even though many experts think that US is a step behind Bitcoin regulation, there seems to be ongoing progress this 2017.
Let's take a look at the current regulation landscape in five prominent US States: Washington, Illinois, Hawaii, California, and Florida.
Washington
Washington legislators have started creating new rules that will encompass Bitcoin transactions. Businesses with digital currency services are covered by these rules. The Senate Bill 5013 clarifies the definition of Cryptocurrency and includes various disclosure requirements on consumer information. The bill will also require online currency exchanges in Washington to maintain a surety bond.
The bill was introduced in January and it's already cleared to be sent to Governor Jay Inslee. Speculations about the bill are mostly positive. Despite this regulation progress, some Cryptocurrency-based startups are having doubts operating in the state. Washington has also applied heavier cybersecurity frameworks.
Illinois
When Secretary Bryan A. Schneider of the Illinois Department of Financial and Professional Regulation (IDFPR) announced a new initiative that contains several Cryptocurrency implications, some factors were clarified. The initiative, known as Digital Currency Regulatory Guidance, was focused on digital currencies like Bitcoin, Dogecoin, Litecoin, Ethereum, and ZCash. The guidance increased the regulation of numerous activities related with digital currencies.
According to Ciccolo, the IDFPR and Schneider will continue to deliver unwavering support to the innovation of Blockchain Technology. Ciccolo is also optimistic that Bitcoin technology will contribute to the financial innovation of Illinois.
Hawaii
Relying on public leverage, Coinbase – a well-respected Bitcoin and Ethereum exchange – announced that it ceased offering support for customers in the State of Hawaii. The reasons pointed out are the “impractical” regulatory policies concerning Bitcoin in that state. This was based on the notice received by Coinbase, indicating that Cryptocurrency operators must hold case reserves equivalent to the values held by customers.
Now that Hawaii is considering a bill that would create a working group focused on analyzing digital currencies and Blockchain technology, Coinbase leaders saw a new glimmer of hope. Once the bill is passed, Coinbase will resume working with regulators. This could mean a positive regulatory development for Hawaii.
California
Recently, California's Assembly Bill 1123 – a counterpart of New York's BitLicense – was proposed. Once passed, the bill would enact the Virtual Currency Act – an initiative that would prevent a person from engaging with virtual currency businesses unless that person is officially licensed by the Commissioner of Business Oversight or exempted from the requirement.
According to Kuskowski, the proposed bill should not be the direction to go in. Such level of regulation, just like BitLicense, caused New York to lose its prominence and status as a crypto hub. Apparently, with California's position as tech innovation and startup capital of the world, the regulation will have greater catastrophic effects.
Florida
Now that Florida House Bill 1379 was passed, many people will be aware of the full definition of virtual currency. The bill will also regulate and prohibit the use of virtual currency for money laundering. The term ‘virtual currency' was officially added to the main definition of “money instruments” based on Florida's Money Laundering Act. The bill is now with Florida's governor and is expected to be signed soon.
Kuskowski has also stated that a balance is needed among the side of legislators and Cryptocurrency users. People must also understand that a precise regulatory environment will help businesses in making strategic decisions. This way, many businesses can grow.
Bitcoin-friendly cities in the US
While most of the states in US prefer to have Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies to be heavily regulated, there are a few Bitcoin-friendly states such as Nevada where Blockchain transactions are not taxed, Texas and New Hampshire.
Fergal Gara, head of Sony Computer Entertainment U.K., has conceded that PlayStation Vita is unlikely to shift as many units as its predecessor, the PlayStation Portable.
Speaking during an interview with Eurogamer, Gara was quizzed if the newly-announced PlayStation Slim could stimulate sales for the troubled platform.
In response, the executive noted that the market for a dedicated handheld games device has shrunk in comparison to the days of the PSP — therefore, it won't likely push as many numbers.
“Well, we don't think the Vita's going to sell as well as PSP, unless we get a very pleasant surprise, so the current assessment will be it has a strong existence and a strong reason for being, but the market it occupies is no longer as big as it was,” said Gara.
“It entered a wider and more complicated world, and we all know what has happened to portable gaming. It's got bigger, but it's permeated many devices. It's still a superior device, and it offers a better screen experience, so it plays a role for the committed gamer. But also it's also a very exciting accessory to PlayStation 4, so it has a very different role to other devices. But it may not be as huge as PSP, which sold 75, 80 million units across a number of years.”
PS Vita Slim is due for release in the U.K. on February 7, priced £180.
Kaiba Gionfriddo was six weeks old when he suddenly stopped breathing and turned blue at a restaurant. Kaiba's parents quickly rushed him to the hospital where they learned that his left bronchial tube had collapsed because of a previously undetected birth defect. During the next few weeks the life-threatening attacks recurred, increasing in number until they became everyday events. Physicians and researchers, however, used some of the most sophisticated bioengineering techniques available to 3-D print a synthetic tube to hold the baby's airway open. Kaiba had the surgery in January 2012 and hasn't suffered an airway collapse since.
The trachea, or windpipe, is essentially constructed much like a vacuum cleaner hose, says Glenn Green, an ear nose and throat specialist (otolaryngologist) at the University of Michigan, who helped to develop the device. The human trachea comprises 20 rings of cartilage linked by muscle and connective tissue that extends from the Adam's apple down behind the breastbone. It then branches into two tubes called bronchi that each connect to a lung. With each inhalation, the lungs fill and expand; likewise, the strong but flexible airway tubes widen and lengthen.
In most cases after a child is born, the cartilage in the trachea keeps the airway open. But in about one out of 2,100 live births, for some reason, a portion of the airway is floppy and collapses, blocking outside air from reaching one or both lungs. Treatment for this kind of condition—called an airway malacias—includes close monitoring during colds and other respiratory infections, but some people may need a respirator to keep their airways open or surgery to insert a breathing tube until the danger has passed. Surgical treatments for persistent cases include using a structure inside the airway to prop it open—a stent—but that approach irritates the trachea, says John Bent, an associate professor at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine and director of pediatric otolaryngology at Montefiore Medical Center in New York City. Or doctors may take a piece of the patient's rib and use it around the outside of the trachea as a splint. "But that doesn't give [the airway] the right shape," he says, or the ability to expand and contract with each breath.
For unknown reasons, however, some cases are extremely severe. Those infants, including Kaiba, struggle to breathe even after treatment.
Fresh out of options, Kaiba's doctors contacted Green and his colleagues who were working on a new device that could help. The researchers had been searching for a way to help infants with collapsing airways. They designed a tube that could wrap around the floppy portion of a trachea or bronchus and hold the airway open. Each individual's airway, however, is unique, and there is no one-size-fits-all solution. Instead Green and his colleagues would create custom-designed devices using technology called three-dimensional printing.
A 3-D printer works like an inkjet printer, but instead of laying down layers of ink it deposits a structural material. The printer head adds each layer according to a digital pattern to create a 3-D structure. 3-D printers in manufacturing have built prototypes and parts for machines. In research settings bioengineers have created artificial ears, and lab rats have received printed spinal disks and bones. Printing fully functioning organs and tissues for humans poses some challenges. A kidney, for example, needs working blood vessels and tubes to collect urine.
Problems with the trachea, however, lend themselves to 3-D printed solutions because the organ's ridged tubelike structure is simple. After testing their idea in piglets, Green and his colleagues were confident a printed device would work. Scott Hollister, a professor of biomedical engineering at Michigan was in charge of designing sleeve that would wrap around the outside of the floppy airway. The sleeve's structure allows it to expand as the airway grows and develops while simultaneously resisting spasms that pull inward, thereby collapsing the airway.
The team first used a computed tomography (CT) scan to sketch out Kaiba's airways. From those images, they then sculpted a three-dimensional printed cast that had the same shape as Kaiba's collapsed bronchus. Using that cast they created the sleeve or splint that would wrap around the bronchus. It took several tries but the researchers were eventually able to create a perfect fit. The next step was to sew the tissue of Kaiba's bronchus to the inside of the sleeve. The team needed to obtain an emergency-use approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration before they could implant the device. "When we put the splint on, we saw his lungs move for the first time," Green says. As Kaiba grows, the device should expand with him.
The tube itself was printed in layers of a biocompatible plastic called polycaprolactone. The 3-D printer heats up a powdered form of the plastic until it melts and can be extruded in a paste. After a few years inside a body the tube will dissolve—it is made of the same material used for sutures—and by that time his bronchus should have grown strong enough to function normally.
Kaiba's tube is the first time a 3-D printed device has been implanted in a patient to aid tissue reconstruction. The research team reported the case on May 22 in The New England Journal of Medicine.
"It's a very nice approach to using technology to treat a problem that has not a lot of good solutions," says Robert Weatherly, an associate professor of otolaryngology at the University of Kansas School of Medicine and a physician at Children's Mercy Hospital in Kansas City, Mo., who was not involved in the study. He points out that the approach is different from a typical tissue engineering approach because Kaiba's bronchus tissue was present but not functioning; here the 3-D device reinforces underdeveloped tissue. In other cases tissue is absent and needs to be rebuilt from scratch—as in a recent case of a young girl with an absent trachea. Her doctors built a transplantable trachea of plastic incubated with the child's own stem cells. Unlike Kaiba, however, she will need a bigger windpipe when she grows.
The critical next steps to making the technology more available are clinical trials, along with tracking patients over a longer period of time to see how they fare with 3-D printed parts.
The use of 3-D printed devices and body parts is still in its infancy. Cartilage and bone will be the first solutions to reach wide use, Green says, adding there is a "gigantic potential," for the future.
Many ideas have left the world of science and made their way into everyday language — and unfortunately, they are almost always used incorrectly. We asked a group of scientists to tell us which scientific terms they believe are the most widely misunderstood. Here are ten of them.
Image of two frustrated geneticists reading the internet, from Orphan Black.
1. Proof
Physicist Sean Carroll says:
I would say that "proof" is the most widely misunderstood concept in all science. It has a technical definition (a logical demonstration that certain conclusions follow from certain assumptions) that is strongly at odds with how it is used in casual conversation, which is closer to simply "strong evidence for something." There is a mismatch between how scientists talk and what people hear because scientists tend to have the stronger definition in mind. And by that definition, science never proves anything! So when we are asked "What is your proof that we evolved from other species?" or "Can you really prove that climate change is caused by human activity?" we tend to hem and haw rather than simply saying "Of course we can." The fact that science never really proves anything, but simply creates more and more reliable and comprehensive theories of the world that nevertheless are always subject to update and improvement, is one of the key aspects of why science is so successful.
Advertisement
2. Theory
Astrophysicist Dave Goldberg has a theory about the word theory:
Members of the general public (along with people with an ideological axe to grind) hear the word "theory" and equate it with "idea" or "supposition." We know better. Scientific theories are entire systems of testable ideas which are potentially refutable either by the evidence at hand or an experiment that somebody could perform. The best theories (in which I include special relativity, quantum mechanics, and evolution) have withstood a hundred years or more of challenges, either from people who want to prove themselves smarter than Einstein, or from people who don't like metaphysical challenges to their world view. Finally, theories are malleable, but not infinitely so. Theories can be found to be incomplete or wrong in some particular detail without the entire edifice being torn down. Evolution has, itself, adapted a lot over the years, but not so much that it wouldn't still be recognized it. The problem with the phrase "just a theory," is that it implies a real scientific theory is a small thing, and it isn't.
Advertisement
3. Quantum Uncertainty and Quantum Weirdness
Goldberg adds that there's another idea that has been misinterpreted even more perniciously than "theory." It's when people appropriate concepts from physics for new agey or spiritual purposes:
This misconception is an exploitation of quantum mechanics by a certain breed spiritualists and self-helpers, and epitomized by the abomination, [the movie] What the Bleep Do We Know? Quantum mechanics, famously, has measurement at its core. An observer measuring position or momentum or energy causes the "wavefunction to collapse," non-deterministically. (Indeed, I did one of my first columns on "How smart do you need to collapse a wavefunction?") But just because the universe isn't deterministic doesn't mean that you are the one controlling it. It is remarkable (and frankly, alarming) the degree to which quantum uncertainty and quantum weirdness get inextricably bound up in certain circles with the idea of a soul, or humans controlling the universe, or some other pseudoscience. In the end, we are made of quantum particles (protons, neutrons, electrons) and are part of the quantum universe. That is cool, of course, but only in the sense that all physics is cool.
Advertisement
4. Learned vs. Innate
Evolutionary biologist Marlene Zuk says:
One of my favorite [misuses] is the idea of behavior being "learned vs. innate" or any of the other nature-nurture versions of this. The first question I often get when I talk about a behavior is whether it's "genetic" or not, which is a misunderstanding because ALL traits, all the time, are the result of input from the genes and input from the environment. Only a difference between traits, and not the trait itself, can be genetic or learned — like if you have identical twins reared in different environments and they do something different (like speak different languages), then that difference is learned. But speaking French or Italian or whatever isn't totally learned in and of itself, because obviously one has to have a certain genetic background to be able to speak at all.
Advertisement
5. Natural
Synthetic biologist Terry Johnson is really, really tired of people misunderstanding what this word means:
"Natural" is a word that has been used in so many contexts with so many different meanings that it's become almost impossible to parse. Its most basic usage, to distinguish phenomena that exist only because of humankind from phenomena that don't, presumes that humans are somehow separate from nature, and our works are un- or non-natural when compared to, say, beavers or honeybees. When speaking of food, "natural" is even slipperier. It has different meanings in different countries, and in the US, the FDA has given up on a meaningful definition of natural food (largely in favor of "organic", another nebulous term). In Canada, I could market corn as "natural" if I avoid adding or subtracting various things before selling it, but the corn itself is the result of thousands of years of selection by humans, from a plant that wouldn't exist without human intervention.
Advertisement
6. Gene
Johnson has an even bigger concern about how the word gene gets used, however:
It took 25 scientists two contentious days to come up with: "a locatable region of genomic sequence, corresponding to a unit of inheritance, which is associated with regulatory regions, transcribed regions and/or other functional sequence regions." Meaning that a gene is a discrete bit of DNA that we can point to and say, "that makes something, or regulates the making of something". The definition has a lot of wiggle room by design; it wasn't long ago that we thought that most of our DNA didn't do anything at all. We called it "junk DNA", but we're discovering that much of that junk has purposes that weren't immediately obvious. Typically "gene" is misused most when followed by "for". There are two problems with this. We all have genes for hemoglobin, but we don't all have sickle cell anemia. Different people have different versions of the hemoglobin gene, called alleles. There are hemoglobin alleles which are associated with sickle cell diseases, and others that aren't. So, a gene refers to a family of alleles, and only a few members of that family, if any, are associated with diseases or disorders. The gene isn't bad - trust me, you won't live long without hemoglobin - though the particular version of hemoglobin that you have could be problematic. I worry most about the popularization of the idea that when a genetic variation is correlated with something, it is the "gene for" that something. The language suggests that "this gene causes heart disease", when the reality is usually, "people that have this allele seem to have a slightly higher incidence of heart disease, but we don't know why, and maybe there are compensating advantages to this allele that we didn't notice because we weren't looking for them".
Advertisement
7. Statistically Significant
Mathematician Jordan Ellenberg wants to set the record straight about this idea:
"Statistically significant" is one of those phrases scientists would love to have a chance to take back and rename. "Significant" suggests importance; but the test of statistical significance, developed by the British statistician R.A. Fisher, doesn't measure the importance or size of an effect; only whether we are able to distinguish it, using our keenest statistical tools, from zero. "Statistically noticeable" or "Statistically discernible" would be much better.
Advertisement
8. Survival of the Fittest
Paleoecologist Jacquelyn Gill says that people misunderstand some of the basic tenets of evolutionary theory:
Topping my list would be "survival of the fittest." First, these are not actually Darwin's own words, and secondly, people have a misconception about what "fittest" means. Relatedly, there's major confusion about evolution in general, including the persistent idea that evolution is progressive and directional (or even deliberate on the part of organisms; people don't get the idea of natural selection), or that all traits must be adaptive (sexual selection is a thing! And so are random mutations!).
Advertisement
Fittest does not mean strongest, or smartest. It simply means an organism that fits best into its environment, which could mean anything from "smallest" or "squishiest" to "most poisonous" or "best able to live without water for weeks at a time." Plus, creatures don't always evolve in a way that we can explain as adaptations. Their evolutionary path may have more to do with random mutations, or traits that other members of their species find attractive.
9. Geologic Timescales
Gill, whose work centers on Pleistocene environments that existed over 15,000 years ago, says that she's also dismayed by how little people seem to understand the Earth's timescales:
One issue I often run into is that the public lacks an understanding of geologic timescales. Anything prehistoric gets compressed in peoples's minds, and folks think that 20,000 years ago we had drastically different species (nope), or even dinosaurs (nope nope nope). It doesn't help that those little tubes of plastic toy dinosaurs often include cave people or mammoths.
Advertisement
10. Organic
Entomologist Gwen Pearson says that there's a constellation of terms that "travel together" with the word "organic," such as "chemical-free," and "natural." And she's tired of seeing how profoundly people misunderstand them:
I'm less upset about the way that they are technically incorrect [though of course all] food is all organic, because it contains carbon,etc. [My concern is] the way they are used to dismissing and minimize real differences in food and product production. Things can be natural and "organic", but still quite dangerous. Things can be "synthetic" and manufactured, but safe. And sometimes better choices. If you are taking insulin, odds are it's from GMO bacteria. And it's saving lives.
Advertisement
Annalee Newitz is the editor-in-chief of io9. She's also the author of Scatter, Adapt and Remember: How Humans Will Survive a Mass Extinction.
Dame Paula Rebstock's services will still be needed by the government despite mistakes she made in her inquiry into a leak at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade, Prime Minister John Key says.
Photo: RNZ / Rebekah Parsons-King
The Ombudsman has criticised her investigation saying it was unfair, flawed and caused significant damage to a former diplomat and senior public servant.
Mr Key said he had not read the Ombudsman's report but that it was clear mistakes were made.
"She's made one mistake, but she's done a lot of work for the government over a very, very long period of time, and actually successive governments in a variety of different roles.
"Clearly people need to take some learnings from it, but I don't think it's terminal in terms of her capacity to do work for the government," Mr Key said.
But the Green Party's Kennedy Graham said taxpayers had had to fork out half a million dollars for the Rebstock inquiry which "crucified" two innocent officials - and would now have cough up again to compensate them.
Dr Graham could not fathom how Mr Key could consider employing her again.
"If he said that it's not a fatal blow, then what he's probably trying to say is it's not a fatal blow for the prime minister - but it is a fatal blow for New Zealand," Dr Graham said.
"I guess it's up to the government and the prime minister, but if they reappoint her for something else God help us all."
Labour Party state services spokesman Kris Faafoi said the inquiry was a disgrace.
"She's someone that the government has seen as a go-to person and in this respect she's failed," Mr Faafoi said.
Dame Paula also spearheaded a major report into Child Youth and Family (CYF), for which she was paid $2000 a day, double the normal maximum fee.
That review is now being used as a basis for an overhaul of CYF and the government has no plans to review her work in this area before restructuring begins.
Social Development Minister Anne Tolley, who had wanted to pay her $3000 a day, said Dame Paula did a fantastic job which would deliver better long-term results for vulnerable children.
Dame Paula is also chair of ACC, chair of the Work and Income board, deputy chair of KiwiRail and a director of Auckland Transport. She did not return RNZ's calls requesting comment.
The Biefeld–Brown effect is an electrical phenomenon that produces an ionic wind that transfers its momentum to surrounding neutral particles. It describes a force observed on an asymmetric capacitor when high voltage is applied to the capacitor's electrodes.[1] Once suitably charged up to high DC potentials, a thrust from the negative terminal to the positive terminal is generated.[2] The effect was named by inventor Thomas Townsend Brown who claimed that he did a series of experiments with professor of astronomy Paul Alfred Biefeld, a former teacher of Brown whom Brown claimed was his mentor and co-experimenter at Denison University in Ohio.[3][4]
The use of an asymmetric capacitor, with the negative electrode being larger than the positive electrode, allowed for more thrust to be produced in the direction from the low-flux to the high-flux region compared to a conventional capacitor.[2] These asymmetric capacitors became known as Asymmetrical Capacitor Thrusters (ACT).[5] The Biefeld–Brown effect can be observed in ionocrafts and lifters, which utilize the effect to produce thrust in the air without requiring any combustion or moving parts.[1]
In his 1960 patent titled "Electrokinetic Apparatus," Brown refers to electrokinesis to describe the Biefeld–Brown effect, linking the phenomenon to the field of electrohydrodynamics (EHD).[1][2] Brown also believed the Biefeld–Brown effect could produce an anti-gravity force, referred to as "electrogravitics" based on it being an electricity/gravity phenomenon.[6][7] However, there is little evidence that supports Brown's claim on the effect's anti-gravity properties.[8]
History [ edit ]
The "Biefeld–Brown effect" was the name given to a phenomenon observed by Thomas Townsend Brown while he was experimenting with X-ray tubes during the 1920s while he was still in high school. When he applied a high voltage electrical charge to a Coolidge tube that he placed on a scale, Brown noticed a difference in the tubes mass depending on orientation, implying some kind of net force.[1][9] This discovery caused him to assume that he had somehow influenced gravity electronically and led him to design a propulsion system based on this phenomenon.[10] On 15 April 1927, he applied for a patent, entitled "Method of Producing Force or Motion," that described his invention as an electrical-based method that could control gravity to produce linear force or motion.[1] In 1929, Brown published an article for the popular American magazine Science and Invention, which detailed his work. The article also mentioned the "gravitator," an invention by Brown which produced motion without the use of electromagnetism, gears, propellers, or wheels, but instead using the principles of what he called "electro-gravitation." He also claimed that the asymmetric capacitors were capable of generating mysterious fields that interacted with the Earth's gravitational pull and envisioned a future where gravitators would propel ocean liners and even space cars.[11] At some point this effect also gained the moniker "Biefeld–Brown effect", probably coined by Brown to claim Denison University professor of physics and astronomy Paul Alfred Biefeld as his mentor and co-experimenter.[12][13] Brown attended Denison for a year before he dropped out and records of him even having an association with Biefeld are sketchy at best.[14][1][5]
Brown filed another patent in 1960 that detailed the physics of the Biefeld–Brown effect, making the following claims:[1][5]
There is a negative correlation between the distance between the plates of the capacitor and the strength of the effect, where the shorter the distance, the greater the effect. There is a positive correlation between the dielectric strength of the material between the electrodes and the strength of the effect, where the higher the strength, the greater the effect. There is a positive correlation between the area of the conductors and the strength of the effect, where the greater the area, the greater the effect. There is a positive correlation between the voltage difference between the capacitor plates and the strength of the effect, where the greater the voltage, the greater the effect. There is a positive correlation between the mass of the dielectric material and the strength of the effect, where the greater the mass, the greater the effect.
In 1965, Brown filed a patent that claimed that a net force on the asymmetric capacitor can exist even in a vacuum. However, there is little experimental evidence that serves to validate his claims.[1]
Effect analysis [ edit ]
The effect is generally believed to rely on corona discharge, which allows air molecules to become ionized near sharp points and edges. Usually, two electrodes are used with a high voltage between them, ranging from a few kilovolts and up to megavolt levels, where one electrode is small or sharp, and the other larger and smoother. The most effective distance between electrodes occurs at an electric potential gradient of about 10 kV/cm, which is just below the nominal breakdown voltage of air between two sharp points, at a current density level usually referred to as the saturated corona current condition. This creates a high field gradient around the smaller, positively charged electrode. Around this electrode, ionization occurs, that is, electrons are stripped from the atoms in the surrounding medium; they are literally pulled right off by the electrode's charge.[citation needed]
This leaves a cloud of positively charged ions in the medium, which are attracted to the negative smooth electrode by Coulomb's Law, where they are neutralized again. This produces an equally scaled opposing force in the lower electrode. This effect can be used for propulsion (see EHD thruster), fluid pumps and recently also in EHD cooling systems.[15] The velocity achievable by such setups is limited by the momentum achievable by the ionized air, which is reduced by ion impact with neutral air. A theoretical derivation of this force has been proposed (see the external links below).
However, this effect works using either polarity for the electrodes: the small or thin electrode can be either positive or negative, and the larger electrode must have the opposite polarity.[5] On many experimental sites it is reported that the thrust effect of a lifter is actually a bit stronger when the small electrode is the positive one.[1] This is possibly an effect of the differences between the ionization energy and electron affinity energy of the constituent parts of air; thus the ease of which ions are created at the 'sharp' electrode.
As air pressure is removed from the system, several effects combine to reduce the force and momentum available to the system. The number of air molecules around the ionizing electrode is reduced, decreasing the quantity of ionized particles. At the same time, the number of impacts between ionized and neutral particles is reduced. Whether this increases or decreases the maximum momentum of the ionized air is not typically measured, although the force acting upon the electrodes reduces, until the glow discharge region is entered. The reduction in force is also a product of the reducing breakdown voltage of air, as a lower potential must be applied between the electrodes, thereby reducing the force dictated by Coulomb's Law.
During the glow discharge region, the air becomes a conductor. Though the applied voltage and current will propagate at nearly the speed of light, the movement of the conductors themselves is almost negligible. This leads to a Coulomb force and change of momentum so small as to be zero.
Below the glow discharge region, the breakdown voltage increases again, whilst the number of potential ions decreases, and the chance of impact lowers. Experiments have been conducted and found to both prove and disprove a force at very low pressure. It is likely that the reason for this is that at very low pressures, only experiments which used very large voltages produced positive results, as a product of a greater chance of ionization of the extremely limited number of available air molecules, and a greater force from each ion from Coulomb's Law; experiments which used lower voltages have a lower chance of ionization and a lower force per ion. Common to positive results is that the force observed is small in comparison to experiments conducted at standard pressure.
Disputes surrounding electrogravity and ion wind [ edit ]
Brown believed that his large, high voltage, high capacity capacitors produced an electric field strong enough to marginally interacted with the Earth's gravitational pull, a phenomenon he labeled electrogravitics. Several researchers claim that conventional physics cannot adequately explain the phenomenon.[16] The effect has become something of a cause célèbre in the UFO community, where it is seen as an example of something much more exotic than electrokinetics. Charles Berlitz devoted an entire chapter of his book The Philadelphia Experiment to a retelling of Brown's early work with the effect, implying he had discovered a new electrogravity effect and that it was being used by UFOs. Today, the Internet is filled with sites devoted to this interpretation of the effect.
There have been follow-ups on the claims that this force can be produced in a full vacuum, meaning it is an unknown anti-gravity force, and not just the more well known ion wind. As part of a study in 1990, U.S. Air Force researcher R. L. Talley conducted a test on a Biefeld–Brown-style capacitor to replicate the effect in a vacuum.[8] Despite attempts that increased the driving DC voltage to about 19 kV in vacuum chambers up to 10−6 torr, Talley observed no thrust in terms of static DC potential applied to the electrodes.[17] In 2003, NASA scientist Jonathan Campbell tested a lifter in a vacuum at 10−7 torr with a voltage of up to 50 kV, only to observe no movement from the lifter. Campbell pointed out to a Wired magazine reporter that creating a true vacuum similar to space for the test requires tens of thousands of dollars in equipment.[8]
Around the same time in 2003, researchers from the Army Research Laboratory (ARL) tested the Biefeld–Brown effect by building four different-sized asymmetric capacitors based on simple designs found on the Internet and then applying a high voltage of around 30 kV to them. According to their report, the researchers claimed that the effects of ion wind was at least three orders of magnitude too small to account for the observed force on the asymmetric capacitor in the air. Instead, they proposed that the Biefeld–Brown effect may be better explained using ion drift instead of ion wind due to how the former involves collisions instead of ballistic trajectories.[1] Around ten years later, researchers from the Technical University of Liberec conducted experiments on the Biefeld–Brown effect that supported ARL's claim that assigned ion drift as the most likely source of the generated force.[18]
In 2004, Martin Tajmar published a paper that also failed to replicate Brown's work and suggested that Brown may have instead observed the effects of a corona wind triggered by insufficient outgassing of the electrode assembly in the vacuum chamber and therefore misinterpreted the corona wind effects as a possible connection between gravitation and electromagnetism.[2]
Patents [ edit ]
T. T. Brown was granted a number of patents on his discovery:
Historically, numerous patents have been granted for various applications of the effect, from electrostatic dust precipitation, to air ionizers, and also for flight. A particularly notable patent — U.S. Patent 3,120,363 — was granted to G.E. Hagen in 1964, for apparatus more or less identical to the later so-called 'lifter' devices. Other ionic US patents of interest: US2022465, US2182751, US2282401, US2295152, US2460175, US2636664, US2765975, US3071705, US3120363, US3130945, US3177654, US3223038.
References [ edit ]
De Villiers' World Cup curse share this
London - Jean de Villiers once dryly remarked he had been to two World Cups and spent only two nights in the team hotel such has been his ill fortune with injuries at the rugby showpiece.
The 34-year-old dashing South African centre managed a few more nights this time, but on Sunday his third and final World Cup campaign came to an end with a fractured jaw suffered in the Pool B game against Samoa.
This could mean the end of his international career.
"Jean is not only our captain and one of the most experienced players in the squad, but he is also the glue of this team and to lose him is very sad," said coach Heyneke Meyer.
His fate and that of Meyer's were indelibly linked, especially after Japan inflicted the greatest upset in World Cup history a 34-32 victory last week.
As usual De Villiers, just as he did on the 109 occasions he donned the green Springbok jersey, did not shirk his part in the traumatic defeat.
"We are a very proud nation. What saddens me is to see how a loss like this can break the country apart," he said on the eve of the Samoa game.
"Rugby is a game, but in South Africa it has become so much more than just a game and we carry that responsibility with us every single time we enter the field," added De Villiers, whose appearance at the World Cup was a little miracle because of his repeat injuries.
He had feared he would never walk again after a serious knee injury suffered in November last year. Having recovered from that he broke his jaw a first time in August.
The father of three children, who married his university sweetheart Marlie, can look back on a career that brought him recognition as one of the finest centres in the world and 27 Test tries.
However the World Cup cupboard - in which most great players would wish to leave a mark - is bare thanks to a rotten timing of injuries.
De Villiers - whose Test debuts in 2002 lasted just seven minutes before suffering a serious knee injury - missed the 2003 edition because of a shoulder injury, and the most bitter of all a biceps injury in the first pool game of the 2007 tournament resulted in him missing the victory in the final although he stayed with the squad and received a medal at the ceremony.
"It was a very empty feeling," he told the Guardian last year.
"I'm fortunate to have a World Cup winners' medal but I don't think I deserved it. I was very happy for the team and my friends but I was empty inside.
"I never look at the medal now."
In 2011 he injured a rib in the opening game and only returned for the final pool match before playing in the losing quarter-final to Australia.
Out of the wreckage of his own World Cup experiences, De Villiers will have to make do with the one World Cup memory he and the whole of the nation treasures.
The emotional win at home over favourites New Zealand in 1995, principally because of the image of post-apartheid president Nelson Mandela handing the trophy to white captain Francois Pienaar in a sport seen as the last preserve of the white minority.
"I was only 14-years-old when we won the World Cup and I would never forget the image of Madiba (Mandela) walking out at Ellis Park with his Springbok jersey on with the No 6 on the back," he said in 2013 following Mandela's death.
"And then the image of Francois actually holding the World Cup at the end, with Madiba standing in the background waving his cap and dancing. He was such a joyful person.
Sadly for De Villiers with his lucky charm gone Saturday brought him the stark realisation the World Cup gods would never smile on him.
Cory Bernardi tells Malcolm Turnbull: stop advocating same-sex marriage or quit frontbench
Updated
Liberal Senator Cory Bernardi has called on former Liberal leader and current Communications Minister Malcolm Turnbull to stop publicly advocating gay marriage or quit the ministry.
"If Malcolm Turnbull wants to talk about fringe issues outside party policy, he should resign from the frontbench," Senator Bernardi told the ABC.
"Our longstanding party position is that marriage is between a man and a woman.
"Our frontbenchers need to reflect that in any comments they make.
"When you are a frontbencher there is no room for a personal view."
Senator Bernardi, a protégé of former finance minister Nick Minchin, is a leading conservative figure within the party and resigned last year as Tony Abbott's Shadow parliamentary secretary over his comments linking same sex-marriage to bestiality.
He first clashed with Mr Turnbull, a leading moderate within the Coalition, in 2009 when Mr Turnbull was a Liberal leader and in favour of passing Labor's emissions trading scheme.
Mr Turnbull lost the leadership to Mr Abbott on the issue.
At the weekend, Mr Turnbull said the Coalition should allow a conscience vote on gay marriage, which he would "certainly" vote for.
The Labor Party has asked Mr Turnbull to co-sponsor a private members bill to legalise same-sex marriage, but the offer was rebuffed because Mr Turnbull is a Cabinet Minister.
100 days in office PM reflects on time in office
Tony Abbott joins Radio National Summer Breakfast to reflect on his first 100 days in office.
The Drum: How the PM can make his next 100 days better
Tony Abbott's former adviser Terry Barnes offers four suggestions for how the Prime Minister can learn from his first 100 days in office and turn the narrative around in 2014. Tony Abbottjoins Radio National Summer Breakfast to reflect on his first 100 days in office.Tony Abbott's former adviser Terry Barnes offers four suggestions for how the Prime Minister can learn from his first 100 days in office and turn the narrative around in 2014.
Mr Turnbull says all the countries "culturally close" to Australia - the UK, Canada, South Africa and New Zealand - have already allowed gay marriage.
He argues that it looks like Australia is "out of step" on the issue.
Mr Turnbull's office refused to comment on Senator Bernardi's remarks.
Last Thursday, the High Court in Canberra ruled that only the Federal Parliament has the power to make marriage laws, declaring the ACT's same-sex marriage law invalid.
Mr Turnbull said on Friday he expected a private members bill to be introduced to Parliament proposing a change to the existing law.
"I think it is very likely there will be a conscience vote agreed to by the Coalition party room," he said.
"As to whether that would result in the bill being passed, it's probably a bit early to say because the new Parliament, there are a lot of new members.
"But I think there is a reasonable prospect of a change to the law in this Parliament."
Topics: sexuality, community-and-society, lgbt, government-and-politics, federal-government, australia
First posted
(CNN) -- Behind every adult service ad on the internet is a story.
Sometimes it's a story of a grown woman who has chosen prostitution as a path to a better life. More often, it's a story of a woman being forced to sell her body by a pimp.
And then there are the children, and the mothers that miss them.
"They told me to look on Craigslist and it almost blew my mind," the mother of one missing 12-year-old told CNN. "She was there with a wig on. She was there in a purple negligee.
"She's a normal 12-year-old -- Hannah Montana, the Jonas Brothers, they're her favorite," the mother said. "She's always screaming and hollering and singing. She's a great young lady."
The same day the woman spoke to CNN, her daughter was rescued by police at a seedy hotel near Washington where she was being sold for sex. And she's not alone.
The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children's website contains thousands of posters of missing children. Many are girls, classified as "endangered runaways," and the center says more than fifty of them have been pushed into the sex trade. But that's just a snapshot, a tiny indicator of the true scale of the problem.
"Nobody knows what the real numbers are," said Ernie Allen, the NCMEC's chief executive. "I'm also confident that the internet has changed the dynamic of this whole problem. We're finding an astounding number of kids being sold for sex on the internet."
Allen said the best source of information on the number of underage girls being trafficked online are websites themselves. While online classified giant Craigslist shut down its "adult services" pages in early September, other sites like Backpage.com are filling the vacuum left behind, he said. And while there are clues in the way the ads are written, only a small fraction of them get referred to law enforcement or organizations like the NCMEC.
Backpage.com told CNN that it promptly responds to law enforcement inquiries, and says the site includes links to help users notify the NCMEC if they identify potential abuses.
Craigslist argues it has had a vigorous approach to vetting adult services ads. It says that in the 15 months before closing the adult services section altogether, it rejected 700,000 ads because they violated the website's rules, including advertising prostitution and ads "indicative of an underage person." Craigslist says ads are reported to NCMEC "when our manual reviewers see anything falling within NCMEC Cybertipline reporting guidelines."
But Allen said his organization, which is the nation's primary reporting agency for missing kids, received just 132 referrals from Craigslist over that same 15-month period.
"The small number of reports makes it difficult to get a sense of the true scope of the problem," Allen said. "We've seen lots of ads where there is obviously a young person in the ad. Now is she 18 or 17? Is she 22 or 12?"
Craigslist has done more than any other website with an adult services section to try to combat the problem of underage sex trafficking. It has cooperated with the FBI by providing evidence against pimps and required phone and credit card verification, so ads left a paper trail for the police to follow.
"Our frustration is that we've said to them if the person in the photo looks young, report it. If there's language in the ad that suggests that there may be the use of young people for prostitution, report it," Allen said. "It's eliminated the graphic pornography in the ads, it's eliminated blatant nudity. What it has not done is put a significant dent in the problem with child prostitution and child trafficking and that was the goal."
The other problem facing NCMEC and police departments across America is that the internet has changed the business of prostitution. Craigslist's decision to shut down adult services -- which followed pressure from the attorneys general in nearly 20 states -- will do little to alter that fundamental fact.
In Atlanta, Georgia, one of the country's busiest prostitution markets due to its position as a highway and air travel hub, police and prosecutors witnessed the effect of the internet on the business of prostitution firsthand.
Fulton County District Attorney Paul Howard told CNN that eight years ago, law enforcement began a serious crackdown on the pimps that control most underage victims, until the pimps vanished.
"At that time, we saw a number of underage girls standing on street corners, and they were usually standing there because a pimp had placed them there," Howard said. "After we started our crackdown, we began to notice that the numbers became fewer and fewer, and we were wondering, 'What's going on?'
"What we found is that there was a wholesale transformation from young girls standing on the streets to those same young girls being sold through Craigslist and other internet vendors," Howard said. "That has put us in a terrible position, because much of the illegal sex activity now goes on almost undetected by the police. The numbers we believe remain the same, but what has happened is that they are now out of sight."
A Georgia advocacy group called "A Future Not A Past" commissioned a research firm to survey men who admit to buying sex over the internet, and the results were staggering. Based on interviews with more than 200 men, the research study projected that 7,200 men a month were buying sex from adolescent girls in Georgia alone.
"It just took my breath away," said Kaffie McCullough, the group's director. "The buyers are able to go on computers in the privacy of their own house or home or apartment or hotel room, and just dial up and have the girl come to them. So you don't have to have the more unsafe part of driving in neighborhoods that aren't maybe your best neighborhoods."
Allen, McCullough and others believe the best way to combat the problem of online underage sex trafficking isn't through better screening tools, but through fear. As long as pimps and the men who buy girls for sex feel protected by the anonymity of the web, the trade will continue.
"Our goal in this from the beginning has been to dramatically increase the risk and eliminate the profitability because this is the treatment of children as commodities for sex sale, this is 21st-century slavery," Allen said. "It would be progress if pressure on this end had the effect of moving this problem back onto the streets."
That is a measure of how dangerous and widespread online trafficking of underage sex has become -- that the group leading the campaign to protect children would prefer to see the problem back on the streets.
"It's an outrageous thing to say, but one of our goals is to move these operators into some other illicit enterprise -- to get them out of the trafficking of human beings and into some other illegal business," Allen said.
Is there any smell better than the aroma of baking bread?
That's just one of the many delights to be found on Middle Street, the newly proposed terminus of the Honolulu rail line.
Critics are wailing about Mayor Kirk Caldwell's proposal, the result of running out of money to take the train route all the way to Ala Moana Center, the seventh-largest shopping mall in the United States.
Cory Lum/Civil Beat
But that's just stinkin' thinkin'.
Middle Street is full of wonders, starting with Love's Bakery — “the largest wholesale baker of original and distributed breads, buns, donuts and pies in Hawaii.”
Did you know that Love's, established in 1851, has a little shop? Bet you did not. On Wednesday it was selling Small Love's White-N-Wheat for $2.29 a pound and Diamond Bakery Original Animal Crackers for a similarly bargain price.
A couple blocks mauka of Love's is the Apostolic Faith Church of Honolulu, home of the “Jesus Coming Soon” sign that freeway drivers can't miss. Fern Elementary, where Mufi Hannemann went to grade school long before he became the city's tallest mayor ever, and Fern Community Park, where he no doubt played, are right next door.
Cory Lum/Civil Beat
Close by is T&L Market.
“Place is unreal cheap. Gives a lot of food for the price,” says Eugene E. on Yelp. “Curry is awesome as well as the fried chicken. Everything is great. Gotta try it.”
There's a Chevron, an ATM and a store that sells liquor in the neighborhood, too.
Going in the makai direction, take a turn toward Diamond Head on North King Street. MD Restoration is on that block, there for all your water-damage needs. Walter's Sound & Karaoke Shop is next door, then New City Nissan.
Cory Lum/Civil Beat
OK, back to Middle Street and heading makai.
While there is nothing of interest on the Ewa side, the Diamond Head side is home to what I'll call The Hub of Honolulu Public Transportation (actually called the Kalihi-Palama Bus Facility, a name that simply doesn't have the zing of The Hub). This is where Oahu Transit Services has its offices, home to TheBus and TheHandi-Van.
At The Hub — sorry, I mean “TheHub” — you'll find city buses and vans arriving and leaving every 30 seconds or so. And best of all: There are public restrooms! And shade! And a place to lock up bicycles!
Cory Lum/Civil Beat
The fun is just beginning on Middle Street.
Back on the nothing Ewa side, a short walk will take you to the spot where the city parks its dump trucks. Who knew that's where they were stored? Not me.
You are now close to all those concrete overpasses including the Nimitz Viaduct. Underneath is the perfect place to find shelter from the elements. And last time I checked, the authorities had swept out all the homeless.
Take a left on Dillingham Boulevard (which is actually the tail end of Kamehameha Highway — how about that?) and you'll find ColorTyme Rent To Own, Cosco Air Conditioning & Refrigeration and — miracle of miracles! — Marukai Wholesale Mart.
On Wednesday, Marukai was offering plenty free samples. Score!
Cory Lum/Civil Beat
Across Dillingham you'll find a large gray building with no signage. I'm told it has something to do with money, but what do I know?
I do know the large gray building next to that, however — it's the Oahu Community Correctional Center, aka OCCC.
I could go on, but why bother?
All your needs are met on Middle Street: Bread. God. School. Booze. Fried chicken. Gas. Money. Cars. Japanese food. Karaoke. Restrooms. Jail.
Clearly, Mayor Caldwell and Council Chair Ernie Martin are on to something. Ala Moana simply pales in comparison.
There is intense speculation among cosmologists that a US team is on the verge of confirming they have detected “primordial gravitational waves” – an echo of the big bang in which the universe came into existence 14bn years ago.
Rumours have been rife in the physics community about an announcement due on Monday from the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics. If there is evidence for gravitational waves, it would be a landmark discovery that would change the face of cosmology and particle physics.
Gravitational waves are the last untested prediction of Albert Einstein's General Theory of Relativity. They are minuscule ripples in the fabric of the universe that carry energy across space, somewhat similar to waves crossing an ocean. Convincing evidence of their discovery would almost certainly lead to a Nobel prize.
“If they do announce primordial gravitational waves on Monday, I will take a huge amount of convincing,” said Hiranya Peiris, a cosmologist from University College London. “But if they do have a robust detection … Jesus, wow! I'll be taking next week off.”
The discovery of gravitational waves from the big bang would offer scientists their first glimpse of how the universe was born.
The signal is rumoured to have been found by a specialised telescope called Bicep (Background Imaging of Cosmic Extragalactic Polarization) at the South Pole. It scans the sky at microwave frequencies, where it picks up the fossil energy from the big bang.
For decades, cosmologists have thought that the signature of primordial gravitational waves could be imprinted on this radiation. “It's been called the Holy Grail of cosmology,” says Peiris, “It would be a real major, major, major discovery.”
Martin Hendry at the University of Glasgow works on several projects designed to directly detect gravitational waves. “If Bicep have made a detection,” he says, “it's clear that this new window on the universe is really opening up.”
According to theory, the primordial gravitational waves will tell us about the first, infinitessimal moment of the universe's history. Cosmologists believe that 10-34 seconds after the big bang (a decimal point followed by 33 zeros and a one) the universe was driven to expand hugely.
Known as inflation, the theory was dreamed up to explain why the universe is so remarkably uniform from place to place. But it has always lacked some credibility because no one can find a convincing physical explanation for why it happened.
Now researchers may be forced to redouble their efforts. “The primordial gravitational waves have long been thought to be the smoking gun of inflation. It's as close to a proof of that theory as you are going to get,” says Peiris. This is because cosmologists believe only inflation can amplify the primordial gravitational waves into a detectable signal.
“If a detection has been made, it is extraordinarily exciting. This is the real big tick-box that we have been waiting for. It will tell us something incredibly fundamental about what was happening when the universe was 10-34 seconds old,” said Prof Andrew Jaffe, a cosmologist from Imperial College, London, who works on another telescope involved in the search called Polarbear.
But extracting that signal is fearsomely tricky. The microwaves that carry it must cross the whole universe before arriving at Earth. During the journey, they are distorted by intervening clusters of galaxies.
“It's like looking at the universe through bubbled glass,” said Duncan Hanson of McGill University in Montreal, Canada, who works on the South Pole Telescope, a rival that sits next to Bicep.
He says that the distortion must be removed in a convincing way before anyone can claim to have made the detection. The prize for doing that, however, would be the pinnacle of a scientific career. “The Nobel Prize would be for the detection of the primordial gravitational waves,” said Hanson.
“Yeah, I would give them a prize,” agreed Jaffe.
The announcement will be made on Monday at 4pm GMT.
guardian.co.uk © Guardian News and Media 2014
[Big bang illustration via Shutterstock]
GRP President Duterte was quoted by news reports yesterday saying he was open or not averse to resuming peace talks with the NDFP.
As the Party and NDFP has often stated, it is the policy of the revolutionary forces to remain open to peace negotiations with any ruling regime that expresses willingness to seriously discuss the roots of the armed conflict in accordance with previously agreed principles and procedures as stipulated in The Hague Declaration.
Thus, the NDFP-GRP peace negotiations can resume if Duterte will drop his earlier precondition of a bilateral ceasefire which became the single biggest factor which terminated the talks. The ball is still in Duterte's hands.
Clearly, Duterte is resurrecting talks of peace negotiations as part of his damage control measures in the face of the increasing isolation of his regime. Duterte is widely blamed for terminating the NDFP-GRP negotiations because of his stubborn insistence to toe the US line of using peace talks as an instrument for the pacification and capitulation of the revolutionary forces.
While open to resuming peace talks with the Duterte regime, revolutionary forces are no longer hopeful that anything substantive will come out of it in the face of Duterte's subservience to the interests of US imperialism and other big foreign capitalist countries.
How can negotiations on socio-economic questions go anywhere when Duterte zealously implements neoliberal policies and pushes for such anti-people policies as the Compressed Work Week or 12-hour workday, removal of restriction on foreign ownership of public utilities, debt-driven infrastructure projects and others?
What will come out of negotiations on political and constitutional reforms considering Duterte's all-out subservience to the US military and its counter-insurgency doctrine and aerial bombardment campaign in Marawi and other parts of the country? Duterte's triple war violates the human rights agreement with impunity. He could not even fulfill his vow to release political prisoners now numbering more than 400.
On Sunday, one day after publicly calling on the Democratic National Committee to host more presidential debates, Hawaii Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard allegedly had her invitation to the first debate rescinded.
Gabbard, a vice-chair with the Democratic National Committee, says the disinvitation came as surprise. “When I signed up to be vice chair of the D.N.C., no one told me I would be relinquishing my freedom of speech and checking it at the door,” she told The New York Times.
But some Democrats say her fallout with the DNC should come as no surprise. In a conspiracy theory gaining momentum since the DNC announced its debate dates this August, a number of Bernie Sanders and Martin O'Malley supporters argue that the DNC is restricting debates in collusion with Hillary Clinton, in order to reduce other candidates' visibility.
“I think the DNC, led by Debbie Wasserman Schultz and people close to Hillary's camp, purposely tried to reduce the number of debates to try to mitigate any challengers to her supposed coronation,” Jon Fuhrer, an organizer with the Brooklyn-based ‘Bushwick Berners' group, told The Daily Beast.
The DNC has only planned six presidential debates for the 2016 race, down from 26 debates in the 2008 cycle. The DNC did not respond to a request for comment, although a Gabbard staffer confirmed to The Daily Beast that the group had rescinded the congresswoman's invitation to tonight's debate, supposedly over her call for an expanded schedule.
Gabbard is not alone in agitating for more Democratic debates. In a September rally, O'Malley and Sanders supporters protested outside DNC headquarters, calling on the committee to expand its debate schedule.
When asked whether she believed the DNC to be protecting Hillary, O'Malley spokesperson Lis Smith told The Daily Beast, “In the absence of them offering any other excuse, I think that has to be the natural assumption.”
The comparative lack of debates is only one factor limiting the reach of non-Clinton candidates, say some DNC conspiracy theorists.
The first Democratic debate, airing on CNN tonight, will coincide with a Major League Baseball playoff game. The next two debates will air on Saturday, timeslots that usually garner low viewerships; college football games might also conflict with the debate. The second of these dates is December 19, one of the busiest holiday shopping days of the year. The fourth Democratic debate will take place during the National Football League playoffs.
“These debates are scheduled on the weekends when no one watches, or during the holidays. It's like, are you trying to get people to watch?” Moumita Ahmed, an organizer with People for Bernie Sanders, told The Daily Beast.
Ahmed pointed to Wasserman Schultz's history of co-chairing Clinton's 2008 presidential campaign. “It's a little bit strange because Debbie Wasserman was [Hillary's] campaign manager,” she said of the debate schedule. “In my opinion, I think it is to help Hillary and give her the nomination."
Sanders's and O'Malley's supporters are also suspicious of the DNC's exclusivity clause, an agreement that bars Democratic candidates from participating in any debate not sanctioned by the DNC. According to O'Malley's camp, the DNC promised they would not issue an exclusivity clause, then reversed their decision one hour before releasing their debate schedule.
“I think it's really unfair to monopolize that process and say that, ‘Hey, if you don't hold debates through the DNC, you're penalized,'” Ahmed said. “That's such a violation of our rights and this process.”
According to Fuhrer, it's all part of the party's scheme to boost Clinton's chances, while keep other candidates in check.
“I think they purposely are trying to prevent people from watching the debates,” Fuhrer said. “The fewer debates there are and fewer people who watch, the easier it will be for Hillary to win.”
Sanders's staff has been less willing to brand the debate schedule as a DNC conspiracy. But the campaign was quick to come to Gabbard's aid after she was ousted from the first debate.
“If she needs a ticket, have her give me a call,” Jeff Weaver, Sanders's campaign manager told CNN on Monday. “I think we have a couple; we can give her one.”
Tom Cruise Divorce: Does Scientology Deserve Its Bad Reputation? By Mack Rawden Random Article Blend Over the last week, Scientology has taken a beating in the press. From exposes on its Sea Organization to wild stories about children being subjected to questions about their parents, guarded truths and strange rumors have been on the front pages of major newspapers since Katie Holmes filed the paperwork needed to divorce Tom Cruise, supposedly to shield their daughter from Scientology's influence.
Every major religion has its share of skeletons in the closet and fanatics at the forefront. Considering how interested in Scientology many Americans suddenly are, it's not a surprise to see so many negative things being written; however, it is a surprise to see how little any of the major outlets have been saying positively about the Church. Calling Scientology a cult isn't a fringe opinion, it seems to be what just about everyone outside the religion actually thinks.
Ordinarily, people are very quick to chastise a woman for ending a marriage when there wasn't infidelity, abuse or addiction involved. The divorce rate may be a bit pathetic in America, but people still like to see relationships work out for the benefit of the children. In Holmes' case, however, large segments of the population are vehemently defending her for walking away over Cruise's belief system.
But is Scientology really that bad? Is it overtly worse than the major religions or have people just gotten a negative impression of it thanks to a few bad apples in the bunch? What do you think? Is it is as dreadful as people say, or should we all take a step back and try to see the positives of L. Ron Hubbard's creation? Let us know your thoughts by voting in the poll below….
Does Scientology Deserve Its Bad Reputation? No
Yes Vote RESULTS WANT TO VOTE?
For more questions of the day, head For more questions of the day, head here CinemaBlend Flies Helicopters with Mission: Impossible - Fallout Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
D.C. Mayor Muriel Bowser, U.S. Attorney Channing D. Phillips, left, and D.C. Attorney General Karl A. Racine all say the District must reevaluate the Youth Rehabilitation Act in light of a Washington Post series on repeat violent offenders. (Jabin Botsford/The Washington Post)
The District's mayor, attorney general and leaders of the D.C. Council are pledging to work together to reform the city's second-chance law for youthful offenders, likely putting curbs on the leniency measure that allows repeat and violent offenders to quickly return to the streets.
Their vow to fix the District's Youth Rehabilitation Act ends the year on a rare note of political unity. Leaders of the three branches of city government have sparred in recent months over matters as diverse as family leave benefits and campaign-finance reform. But the trio cited a series published by The Washington Post in pushing together for change.
In public statements, letters and interviews last week, the officials said they had been unaware of the effects of the sentencing law before The Post's reporting and were concerned that the newspaper had uncovered evidence that its application has endangered public safety.
The Post found a pattern of violent offenders sentenced under the Youth Act going on to rob, rape or kill residents of the nation's capital. Since 2010, 121 defendants previously sentenced under the Youth Act have been charged with murder — 1 in 5 of all suspects charged with murder in the city in that period. A quarter of the killings occurred when the suspects were on probation, often in lieu of any prison sentence.
[Investigation: Second-chance law puts violent offenders back on D.C. streets]
D.C. Attorney General Karl A. Racine says the District must find a way to reinstitute rehabilitation programs for those given Youth Act sentences. (Jabin Botsford/The Washington Post)
In a letter sent Friday to local and federal criminal justice leaders, D.C. Mayor Muriel E. Bowser (D) called for a deep but swift examination of the Youth Act over the next six months. Bowser said she wants reforms ready for consideration by the time the D.C. Council convenes for its fall legislative session.
The mayor suggested that the Youth Act, which provides a package of leniency options unique in the United States, should no longer be available to anyone convicted of a violent crime.
“As Mayor, my highest duty is to make the District of Columbia safer and stronger by ensuring that our laws protect our residents from repeat violent offenders,” Bowser wrote. “Proper application of the Youth Act can ensure that it has the intended effect of offering non-violent young adults an opportunity for a second chance.”
But Bowser wrote that she wants the Criminal Justice Coordinating Council to study the law and its impact and use data to structure reforms.
The council includes heads of nine local and federal law enforcement and supervision agencies, the chief judge of the D.C. Superior Court as well as political leaders. It holds monthly meetings to discuss problems that arise out of the unique local-federal split under which the city's justice system is administered.
As an example of that split, D.C. lawmakers write criminal code in the city, and D.C. police make arrests, but Congress funds the city's courts, and those convicted of violating local laws serve time in federal prison and remain under federal supervision during their release in the community.
The original intent of the 1985 Youth Act was to rehabilitate inexperienced criminals under the age of 22. It allows for shorter sentences for some crimes and an opportunity for offenders eventually to emerge with no criminal record, even for crimes of violence or many of those involving guns.
D.C. Council member Charles Allen (D-Ward 6) is the incoming chairman of the council's Judiciary Committee. (Bill O'Leary/The Washington Post)
D.C. Attorney General Karl A. Racine, who has been working to expand juvenile diversion programs in the city, called the information revealed in The Post's series disturbing. He said the coordinating council must examine recidivism rates and other impacts to justify whether the law should remain a sentencing tool.
Racine also said the city must figure out how to reestablish the law's rehabilitation programs. The Post found that despite its name, those who receive sentences under the Youth Rehabilitation Act have for decades received no particular rehabilitative treatment before release. Often, though, they serve fewer years than do offenders with similar criminal histories who commit similar crimes.
Council member Charles Allen (D-Ward 6), the incoming chairman of the council's Judiciary Committee, said that reforming the Youth Act would be a top priority and that he plans to hold a hearing shortly after taking over the committee in January.
“Reading the series has really concerned me, as it has many people,” Allen said. “There isn't any question in my mind that we have to address what has been uncovered. And responding to my constituents, I've said, we have to never be afraid to dig into a law and find out what's working and what's not.”
Allen said he was particularly concerned about the lengths to which The Post had to go to track the effects of the law.
The Post wrote software to extract data on every criminal case available in electronic dockets on the Superior Court's website. It compared the information to a database of dates and outcomes of cases maintained by the D.C. Sentencing Commission. Post reporters then manually combed through hundreds of court files to reconcile the cases and track the offenders as they cycled through the criminal justice system.
“Essentially, [The Post] had to re-create the data from whole cloth,” Allen said. “There seems to be a real lack of oversight and evaluation.”
In her letter, Bowser wrote that the coordinating council must develop a plan for how “information on the Youth Act's application will be provided regularly to the public so that our criminal justice system is held accountable to our residents.”
At a closed-door meeting of the council last week, the group discussed the Youth Act series for more than two hours, according to several members present. “The gist of it was, ‘Why are we finding out about the Youth Act effects in The Washington Post?' ” said one attendee, who spoke on the condition of anonymity to describe the confidential meeting.
The U.S. attorney for the District of Columbia, Channing D. Phillips, is a member of the Criminal Justice Coordinating Council. In a statement, he said he looked forward to a “comprehensive and thoughtful analysis of the Youth Rehabilitation Act to determine what can and should be done to improve its effectiveness.”
Some residents are pressing the council for reform. Denise Krepp has worked with fellow Ward 6 advisory neighborhood commissioners to draft a proposal to limit Youth Act sentences to those convicted of nonviolent crimes. She also has sought additional oversight by leaders in Congress and the Justice Department.
[Part I: How an accused rapist kept getting second chances in D.C. ]
[Part II: He threatened rape, but ended up on a bus back to D.C.]
[Part III: Second-chance law puts violent criminals back on D.C. streets ]
[Part IV: The crimes were terrifying, the D.C. justice system made it worse ]
[Part V: He robbed 100 times, could he have been stopped before he killed?]
Nebraska's Recruiting Class has shrunk by one, just before the first of two Big Red Weekends.
Decommitting from Nebraska... — GREATNESS #⃣1⃣ (@Im_Uno1) June 4, 2014
Spencer Tears, the Wide Receiver from HL Richards HS in Oak Lawn, Illinois put that on his Twitter account Wednesday afternoon.
Tears, who committed to Nebraska right after the Red/White Spring Game, had a mutual division with Nebraska's staff, per 247's Michael Bruntz.
This comes on the heels of the announcement of the transfer of Washington Wide Receiver Damore'ea Stringfellow to the Nebraska roster. Stringfellow, who by all accounts looks like he'll have to sit a year to appease the NCAA transfer rule, will not be able to play for Nebraska until 2015, the same year that Tears' clock will start.
The Huskers, who still have 10 verbal commitments, will have one extra spot available as their 2 weekend Junior Days, or "Big Red Weekend"' commences starting this weekend in Lincoln.
As badly as it wants to ban the iPhone and iPad from sale, Samsung is having a difficult time getting it done.
A judge in the Netherlands' District Court of The Hague yesterday ruled that because Samsung is governed by FRAND (fair, reasonable, and nondiscriminatory) licensing rules, the company cannot seek a sales injunction on Apple mobile devices that it claims violate essential patents it holds. As long as Apple shows that it wants to negotiate for use of the patents, the court ruled, Samsung must try to reach a deal.
Dutch Web site Webwereld.nl was the first to report on the story.
Over the last few months, FRAND has become a topic of much debate across Europe. In a host of rulings, Apple has charged both Samsung and Motorola with violating FRAND standards on essential industry patents. Courts, meanwhile, have ordered the companies to adhere to FRAND regulations and try to play nice with Apple.
The European Commission announced in January that it was launching a formal investigation against Samsung to determine whether the company was using its essential patents as an anticompetitive tool against Apple and other companies.
"The Commission will investigate, in particular, whether in doing so Samsung has failed to honor its irrevocable commitment given in 1998 to the European Telecommunications Standards Institute (ETSI) to license any standard essential patents relating to European mobile telephony standards on fair, reasonable and non-discriminatory (FRAND) terms," the European Commission said at the time. "The Commission will examine whether such behavior amounts to an abuse of a dominant position prohibited by Article 102 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the EU (TFEU)."
Apple has been one of the more outspoken critics of FRAND-based lawsuits around Europe, going as far as writing a letter in November to ETSI, asking it to establish reasonable royalty rates and terms on patents related to essential mobile device functions.
Apple had that wish fulfilled on the aforementioned ruling and might have been even won a better one yesterday when the Dutch court ruled that Samsung cannot ban the iPhone 4S from sale for using a Qualcomm 3G/UMTS chip. According to the court, Qualcomm already licenses the technology from Samsung, meaning Samsung cannot double-dip on the fees by getting Apple to pay.
Neither Apple nor Samsung immediately responded to CNET's request for comment.
(Via FOSS Patents)
Police have 'absolute orders' not to permit Gezi protests: Erdoğan
ISTANBUL
'You will not be able to come to those places like you did last year,' Erdoğan tells Gezi protesters. DHA photo
The police have been ordered to permit absolutely no demonstrations in Taksim or Gezi Park on May 31, the first anniversary of the Gezi Park uprising, Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan said only hours before the planned rally.He called on citizens not to participate in the protests there at 7 p.m., naming it an insincere attempt.Taksim Solidarity, one of the main group's behind last year's protests, has called on people to meet in Taksim on May 31 to commemorate the victims.“You will not be able to come to those places like you did last year,” Erdoğan said during the opening ceremony of a local municipal building in Istanbul.“Because the police have taken absolute orders, they will do everything,” he said.“This is not a green protest,” he said, claiming that the Gülen movement under the U.S.-based Islamic scholar Fethullah Gülen was also involved in actions to prevent the government from turning Taksim into a monumental square.Last year's Gezi events were triggered after a violent police attack on a group that protested a shopping mall plan there.Erdoğan also accused the main opposition Republican People's Party (CHP) for hoping to take advantage of the events.“They are trying to cover the gap [in politics] via violence and vandalism,” he said.The prime minister slammed the CHP lawmakers who have lent support to protests.“How can a lawmaker lay in front of TOMA?” Erdoğan asked in reference to the water cannon trucks, also known as TOMAs.“How can a lawmaker be together terrorists who smash things up? How can they be together with those who wound policemen, fire at them and throw Molotov cocktails?” he continued.He also accused both CHP and the Nationalist Movement Party (MHP) for planning a plot against the government in cooperation with the Gülen movement under the U.S.-based Islamic scholar Fethullah Gülen.The prime minister had slammed the Gezi Park protesters one day ago also, while criticizing Twitter and Facebook."Violence is where there is no thought and opinion. The Gezi people are those who have no thought. They never planted a tree. You won't become such youth. You'll speak with your pen," Erdoğan said during an award ceremony for an essay contest between schools in Istanbul.
Skill Tree Information There are a few changes to the Ascendancy Passive Trees which were reflected in yesterday's
Item Filter Information Name Class Splinter of Xoph Stackable Currency Splinter of Tul Stackable Currency Splinter of Esh Stackable Currency Splinter of Uul-Netol Stackable Currency Splinter of Chayula Stackable Currency Blessing of Xoph Stackable Currency Blessing of Tul Stackable Currency Blessing of Esh Stackable Currency Blessing of Uul-Netol Stackable Currency Blessing of Chayula Stackable Currency Xoph's Breachstone Map Fragment Tul's Breachstone Map Fragment Esh's Breachstone Map Fragment Uul-Netol's Breachstone Map Fragment Chayula's Breachstone Map Fragment Breach Ring Rings Vaal Breach Gems - Vaal Cast while Channelling Support Gems - Support
The item filter that comes bundled with the client will be updated with this information so you shouldn't need to use this information unless you're creating your own item filter. We also wanted to say a huge thank you to Florian and NeverSink for their work on item filters that helped us to create the built-in item filter.
Item filters can now see whether an item is corrupted with "corrupted true".
Essence Tabs We have started working on new Essence Tabs to store your Essences in. We've created a proposed image of what we're currently planning but we're interested in getting your feedback before we make the final product. Chris has written more about this Content Update 2.5.0 and the Breach Challenge Leagues launch in less than two days! We know you're all eager to get prepared before the launch, so we've assembled the necessary item filter and skill tree data to get you on your way. This will be particularly useful for creators of build guides and item filters!There are a few changes to the Ascendancy Passive Trees which were reflected in yesterday's patch notes . If you're a community tool creator, you can find the JSON data here . Emmitt has exposed this data for the community to use. You will be able to find it here The item filter that comes bundled with the client will be updated with this information so you shouldn't need to use this information unless you're creating your own item filter. We also wanted to say a huge thank you to Florian and NeverSink for their work on item filters that helped us to create the built-in item filter.Items filters can now see whether an item is corrupted with "corrupted true".We have started working on new Essence Tabs to store your Essences in. We've created a proposed image of what we're currently planning but we're interested in getting your feedback before we make the final product. Chris has written more about this here
The lineup for this week's Bellator 169 card, which is the promotion's debut in Ireland, has undergone a late change.
Bruna Vargas (2-1 MMA, 1-0 BMMA) has been forced out of her fight against Helen Harper (4-1 MMA, 0-0 BMMA) with an injury, which takes that bout off the main card in Dublin, the promotion today announced. Harper will be paid her show money, the promotion said.
In its place, a new women's featherweight bout is set for the main card. Sinead Kavanagh (3-0 MMA, 0-0 BMMA) will take on Elina Kallionidou (5-0 MMA, 0-0 BMMA) at the event.
Bellator 169, which is a joint venture with BAMMA, takes place Dec. 16 at 3Arena in Dublin. The main card airs on Spike following prelims on MMAjunkie. In the main event, Muhammed Lawal meets Satoshi Ishii in a heavyweight fight.
Kavanagh, who lives and trains in Dublin, has all three of her pro MMA fights for BAMMA. Two of her first three wins have been by knockout. The 18-year-old Kallionidou, from Greece, is a regional champion in her home country. She has three knockouts in her first five pro wins. She'll be fighting outside her home country for the first time.
The complete Bellator 169 card, including the BAMMA 27 card in the prelims, now includes:
MAIN CARD
Satoshi Ishii vs. Muhammed Lawal
James Gallagher vs. Anthony Taylor
Brian Moore vs. Daniel Weichel
Elina Kallionidou vs. Sinead Kavanagh
Luiz Tosta vs. Shay Walsh
BAMMA 27 card
Tom Duquesnoy vs. Alan Philpott – for BAMMA bantamweight title
Andrew Clamp vs. Chris Fields
Niklas Backstrom vs. Ronnie Mann
Sean Tobin vs. Dylan Tuke
Jai Herbert vs. Rhys McKee
Kiefer Crosbie vs. Conor Riordan
Walter Gahadza vs. Nathan Jones
Ian Cleary vs. Andrew Lofthouse
Terry Brazier vs. Niklas Stolze
Conor Dillon vs. Richie Smullen
Blaine O'Driscoll vs. Neil Ward
Richard Kiely vs. Keith McCabe
Will Fleury vs. Kyle Mclurkin
For more on Bellator 169, check out the MMA Rumors section of the site.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Daniel Bonventre is one of the five former Madoff employees convicted by the jury
Five former employees of disgraced Wall Street financier Bernard Madoff have been found guilty of conspiring to help him carry out his Ponzi scheme.
The verdict was announced by a US federal jury in New York after a trial that lasted nearly six months.
The employees are Daniel Bonventre, Annette Bongiorno, Joann Crupi, Jerome O'Hara and George Perez.
Mr Madoff was convicted in 2009 and sentenced to 150 years in prison for running a $65bn (£40bn) fraud scheme.
Some experts estimate that investors lost about $20bn.
These defendants each played an important role in carrying out the charade, propping it up, and concealing it from regulators, auditors, taxing authorities, lenders, and investors Preet Bharara, US Attorney
"As the jury unanimously found, these five defendants played crucial roles in constructing and maintaining the house of cards that was the Madoff investment fraud," US Attorney Preet Bharara said in a statement.
He added that the convictions demonstrate that "this largest-ever Ponzi scheme could not have been the work of one person".
'Important role'
According to various reports, Ms Bongiorno was Mr Madoff's long-time secretary, while Mr Bonventre was his director of operations for investments and Ms Crupi an account manager.
Mr O'Hara and Mr Perez were both computer programmers.
"These defendants each played an important role in carrying out the charade, propping it up, and concealing it from regulators, auditors, taxing authorities, lenders, and investors," Mr Bharara said.
The five are the latest aides of Mr Madoff to be convicted for their role in the scheme.
Mr Madoff's brother, Peter Madoff, was sentenced to 10 years in prison in December 2012 for his role in the fraud.
Peter Madoff agreed to the 10-year sentence as part of a plea deal which stripped him of his assets, savings, home and personal property, as well as all future assets and income.
However, Bernard Madoff has repeatedly denied that his brother had any involvement in the scheme.
Mr Madoff's "investment fund" was once thought to be the biggest hedge fund in the world.
The co-founder of Russia's leading search engine, Yandex, has accused Google of abusing its dominance to shut out competitors in cyberspace.
Responding to comments made to the Guardian by Sergey Brin, the Google co-founder, about threats to the open internet, Ilya Segalovich described the US search giant's popular smartphone platform, Android, as a "strange combination of openness and not openness" and its Chrome web browser as anti-competitive.
Segalovich, chief technology officer of the Russian internet company, said that Brin should explain Google's "semi-open" approach to search competitors before accusing others of endangering the unfettered internet.
Brin told the Guardian that the future of the open internet was under threat from a coalition of governments, but also from private companies, naming Facebook and Apple. Yandex and Google are direct competitors in Russia, where the Moscow-based company dominates the search market with a 62% share, compared with Google's 25% share.
Segalovich suggested Google was guilty of foul play with its Chrome browser, which he said made it difficult for users to choose rival search engines, including Yahoo, Bing and Yandex, over its own market-leading product. He said internet users were effectively coerced into using the Californian internet giant's products over those offered by rivals.
"Things are definitely going where more and more control is in the hands of platform providers. It's interesting that it's not only mobile, but it's also about browsers," Segalovich said.
"That is a part of the open and closed issue, in my head. If you own the browser, the browser is the platform then the search is yours. It is the same question … it should be addressed to Sergey himself. He should think about it also. It's a little wider than he described it."
Asked whether proprietary products, such as Apple's mobile applications, posed a threat to the open internet, he added: "Definitely there is such a problem. I myself don't like the closed platforms; I think it is important that you have choice."
Brin, whose family fled the former Soviet Union, reiterated his warning about the future of the internet in a blogpost on Wednesday. He said that governments, rather than private companies, posed the greatest and most immediate threat to the world wide web.
Segalovich downplayed the role of the Russian government in suppressing content on the internet. He said that Moscow was "not making aggressive moves" against internet firms, and added that the government was attempting to be "quite neutral and positive" about cyberspace.
He indicated that Yandex, which recently launched internet search and maps in Turkey and opened an office in Switzerland, could be damaged by the "semi-open" nature of Google's Android operating system for smartphones.
Phone-makers that have not signed deals to use Android are only able to offer basic applications to their users, Segalovich said.
"You cannot [send any code] to Android, it's semi-open source. You cannot send anything, just see and watch [how the code is changed by Google] … If you download an application it may not work properly if it's not Android marketplace. So that's an interesting question," he added. "BlackBerry is trying to use Android but it won't be working properly … It's a strange combination of openness and not openness. That's another part of the story."
He added: "One of the things about Android which is especially bad for us is if you have the Market [app store] it's the only way to get advanced apps to work properly … But the new remit on Android 4 is if you have this smart kit you have to have search of Google on top of the screen, it's a part of the contract. I don't think it's good. I think it's bad."
Segalovich said that Google's overwhelming dominance of the search market in Europe opened the company up to anti-trust issues, but acknowledged that Yandex could also face the same pressure in Russia.
The Yandex boss described the criticism of Facebook by Google's Brin as "an American story, like two matadors" that was not replicated in the Russian internet market.
Many observers were surprised to learn, in a New York Times report, that the contractor who destroyed Hillary Clinton's emails while they were under a congressional subpoena received immunity from the Justice Department — and then still refused to answer some questions from the FBI. The surprised included the top two Clinton email investigators in Congress, Reps. Trey Gowdy and Jason Chaffetz, who have both pored over the Clinton materials the FBI handed over to lawmakers.
It was news to them. Chaffetz, chairman of the House Oversight Committee, had no idea until the Times learned it. Same for Gowdy, head of the Benghazi committee.
"If there is a reason to withhold the immunity agreement from Congress — and by extension, the people we represent — I cannot think of what it would be," Gowdy said in a statement. "I look forward to asking the Bureau about any witnesses who were granted immunity or claimed a privilege preventing them from answering questions."
Chaffetz will start asking those questions tonight — in a rare Monday evening hearing before the Oversight Committee. Among the witnesses called are top officials who deal with Congress for the FBI and the Justice Department.
Perhaps the key question Chaffetz and his fellow Republicans — Democrats won't be interested — will pose is: What more have you not told us? Committee members appreciated the FBI handing over Clinton email investigative materials, but they have since learned that the FBI was selective in what it gave to Congress. There are documents that weren't handed over, and there are significant blackouts in the documents that were given to lawmakers.
The most fundamental questions concern the extent of the classified information that Clinton mishandled. In his July 5 public statement, FBI Director James Comey revealed that 110 of Clinton's emails had material that was classified at the time they were sent, and more than 2,000 additional emails had material that was later determined to be classified. But what was the classified information that Clinton mishandled? Of course the FBI cannot release it, but it could give Congress, and by extension the American people, a more precise characterization of the secrets Clinton handled in what Comey called an "extremely careless" way.
And then there is the process of the FBI's investigation itself. It's not just the fact of the email deleter's immunity that Congress didn't know. Anyone who has had a chance to look over the only two documents that have been released to the public — a heavily-redacted copy of the FBI's summary report plus the so-called "302" writeup of the agents' interview with Clinton — has come away with some very important questions unanswered.
Like: Who actually gave the order to delete Clinton's emails? And: Did that order come after — not before — that material was under a subpoena from Congress? And: Who decided to give the deleter immunity? And: What questions did the deleter refuse to answer? And: What does immunity mean if the witness granted immunity still refuses to answer questions? And more.
That's what the Oversight Committee's second hearing, to be held Tuesday morning, will address. Called to testify — actually subpoenaed to testify — will be Paul Combetta, the technician for Platte River Networks, the Colorado contractor hired by Clinton to handle her email system. Combetta is the man who had the infamous "oh s—t" moment described in the FBI report in which he allegedly realized he had forgotten to carry out a December 2014 order to destroy emails and instead carried it out sometime in March 2015, after the material was under congressional subpoena.
Combetta is also the one who was given immunity and then, according to the FBI, refused to answer questions about a conference call he had around the time of the deletions with Clinton lawyer David Kendall and top Clinton operative Cheryl Mills.
Republican investigators have a lot of questions for Combetta. The first is whether he will show up. Right now, that's not clear.
Also called to testify is Bryan Pagliano, the former State Department tech worker who set up Clinton's private email system — and who has also received immunity from the Justice Department. Along with them will be another worker for Platte River Networks and a longtime employee of former President Bill Clinton.
Pagliano's immunity has been known for a while. But the revelation of immunity given to Combetta, who the FBI report says destroyed Clinton's emails and backups after the subpoena, deeply troubles Gowdy, a former prosecutor.
"They gave immunity to the trigger man," Gowdy told Fox News on Friday. "I mean, that's why those of us who used to do it for a living didn't like to give immunity ... They immunized the one person you most want to prosecute for the destruction of government records."
Stuart Broad has said that England will be ready to put aside the past and treat Mohammad Amir, the Pakistan fast bowler who was banned for spot-fixing during the Lord's Test in 2010, as just another opponent if and when their paths cross on the cricket field in the coming 12 months.
The prospect of Amir, 23, playing against England during next month's tour of the UAE receded on Wednesday following his omission from Pakistan's squads both for the Test matches and the Pakistan A warm-up games.
However, there remains a good chance that Amir will be involved at some stage of next summer's tour of England. And Broad, whose maiden Test century at Lord's five years ago, and a world-record eighth-wicket stand of 332 with Jonathan Trott, was overshadowed by the News of the World revelations that led to jail terms and playing bans for Amir, his new-ball partner Mohammad Asif and their captain Salman Butt, said he was ready to accept the bowler back into the international fold.
"I genuinely don't know what it'll be like [facing him again]," Broad told ESPNcricinfo. "There was obviously quite a big cloud over that Test series victory in 2010. But the ICC gave the players punishments and they are getting close to having served them.
"I've seen a few interviews that he's done and he seems sorry and keen to get back on a cricket field," Broad added. "But as a player you are not too bothered who you are playing against, to be honest, you go a bit internal and focus on what you do."
Amir, who was 18 at the time of the Lord's Test in 2010, had just become the youngest bowler in history to reach 50 international wickets when he was caught in the newspaper sting that involved bowling no-balls to order. He was banned from all cricket for five years and also received a six-month jail term following a trial at Southwark Crown Court, from which he was released after three months.
Pakistan's first Test at Lord's since that infamous fixture begins on July 14 next year, and is sure to attract a huge interest if Amir is selected to play. However, Broad said that England had learnt during the Ashes to put aside personalities when it comes to high-profile contests.
"I think the mistakes we made as an England team this summer were maybe when we focused on the Australians too much and what other teams were doing," he said. "We've definitely learned from that mistake and it'll be very much about what we are doing within our changing room. What our team are doing to take us forward. Whoever we are playing against we'll be right on the money."
Andrew Miller is UK editor of ESPNcricinfo.
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
Forerunner said: I do have a positive outlook for Halo 6. Thats one thing 343 does correctly, they learn from their mistakes. Halo 5 is a significant improvement over Halo 4. When it comes to multiplayer its one of the best in the series bar none, it just has some other issues that keep it from greatness (matchmaking, playlist management, lack of modes, and etc.) So Im pretty excited to see how they finally end the trilogy with Halo 6. Click to expand...
Well they certainly have a great base to make that game off of, seeing how they allegedly had to build everything from the ground up for the Xbox One transition. Hopefully everything will be able to transfer over to 6 without much of a problem and then they can work on meeting expectations and then working towards adding new content versus setting the foundations for their game and then having to play catch-up.I'm making this a separate paragraph because I really want to stress this point and hopefully 343i will read it, but I think a big improvement Halo 6 could use for playlist management - which I believe was one of Halo 5's biggest issues - would be to stop trying to appease the competitive community above the general community. While their input is important and can make for a tighter, more balanced experience, sometimes their level of oversight reaches a point of being more of a burden on the game than a benefit. Look at Assault for example: since the only playlist players could find objective game types in (save timed featured ones), the fate of Assault and I assume many other objective game types were at the feet of the judgement of the competitive community, which is why it kept being pulled for tweaking and now has been pretty much scrapped. Team Arena needs to be recast as HCS, similar to MLG from past games, and not treated as a hallmark mode that the general community should participate in. Nothing in that playlist should be treated as standard, but instead refined for competitive play. Then, the general playlists can be a bit more forgiving for "imperfect" game types, thus giving the general community more content because we genuinely don't give a damn if the pros don't like it, we want to play Halo to have fun, and one of the most fun parts about Halo has been its variety. The general playlists can still be ranked, but they really don't need to be 100% refined for competitive play. If this were done for Halo 5, we could have been playing so many more objective game modes, given we had a playlist for them, for a much longer amount of time. And honestly, it's not too late to implement this in 5 and I highly, highly, highly recommend that you guys do.
BEST YOU KNOW HOW
Leave it to the Canucks.
Searching for something, anything, from the fourth game of the season, they finally had momentum. They had opened things up. They were giving up shots. They were getting scored on. They were also winning, and even entertaining.
Four times in six games they left with a W. And the fourth may have been the most engaging, see-saw event of the season.
But the team that beat Minny Tuesday, the team that had won two in a row, was nowhere to be found.
Kind of like that Horvat line. You remember that line, right?
Willie didn't.
Horvat played just 15:05, his third-fewest minutes of the season, and his lowest total since Horvat, Burrows and Baertschi started a three-week run of playing like, well, an elite line.
Burrows and Baertschi, the two wingers who have been nearly point-a-game for 10 games, just about lighting the league on fire too, didn't play 13 minutes.
Why?
Sbisa suggested the Canucks didn't give 100 per cent and weren't ready to play.
He blamed it on “mindset.”
When it was pointed out to him, the Canucks looked passive, he said:
“We felt the same way.”
Call it what you want, the Canucks played scared. Scared to take a chance. Scared to make a play. Scared of “Getzy and Perry.”
Scared to play what should be their clear-cut second line.
They were so scared, they suffocated their fans, and made Kevin Bieksa look good.
You know how freakin passive you have to play to make that happen?
BEST MEMBER
Old 17 owns the Sedins.
He has since the trade. It's never even been close. Coming into the game, they had played 11 times in the past few years. Henrik had four points and Daniel three.
Willie was here for all em. I remember these games. How could you forget the way Kesler has ground the Sedins into dust every single time they've played, smothering one or the other, and consistently taking away their cycle game?
You remember, right Willie?
“If it's been that length of time, they always seem to draw Kesler, and it hasn't worked then I'd have to say it's not a good matchup.
“I can't remember back that many years ago, if they've had success or not.”
They haven't. Maybe someone should look back next time and watch the grainy videos from 2014.
Because this was just about the worst game to ride the Sedins, playing them for more than 20 minutes in regulation, which has only happened a couple times this season.
And it happened with one arm tied behind their backs because they were rolling with Brandon Sutter, who has just about killed that line.
When the coach finally concluded Sutter didn't work there, he tied the other hand behind them by putting Megna on their line.
Anyone member Burrows?
If the Horvat line is going to be skipped over, what's the point of keeping Burrows on it anyway?
BEST THIS IS GOING TO DRIVE YOU NUTS
Believe me, I get Horvat, Baertschi and Burrows didn't have their best game. But for three weeks, they had been the team's best line.
They deserved acres of rope and many opportunities to get into a rhythm. In the first period, they didn't even play four minutes.
I couldn't really believe the explanation as to why they had their minutes cut. I listened to it a few times, and now you can read it and let this marinate:
Willie: “I played my fourth line a little bit more. I thought the fourth line played well. I was trying to get Loui more ice time, to try to get him going.
“That line has been good for us and they probably could have used a couple more minutes.”
Playing Loui with the twins would have given him more ice time AND given the team a chance to ride BBH.
Instead, in a 2-1 game with three minutes left, it's Gaunce, Skille and Chaput getting a shift.
To review,
The coach played his best line less to get his fourth line more time.
He played Megna with the twins. He played Sutter with the twins.
The team did nothing to target KB2 who has been among the worst defencemen in the league.
And the Cancuks basically just let Old 17 have his way all night.
Good times.
BEST EPIPHANY
Brandon Sutter has been killing the Sedins. Slowly, quietly and efficiently.
Unbelievably, the Sedins with Sutter ranked among the fifth worst lines in the league in goals-for percentage, scoring chances ration and shot attempt differential.
BEST REASON TO FAIL A KID
There's a kid in class wearing an Anaheim Kesler jersey. He switched fan allegiance for KESLER. I can only assume he is failing this class — John Cullen (@cullenthecomic) December 1, 2016
BEST ITS TIME BUT NOT MILLER TIME
Ryan Miller has a .907 save percentage.
Before the game, he ranked 42nd of the 46 goalies (who had played 300 mins) in even strength save percentage.
He had a decent explanation for the third goal. It hit Stecher's blade and bounced. He was reading glove side shot, and didn't get down.
Either way, that's a McSoftie. It can't go in.
But maybe more alarming is how he was caught swimming on Anaheim's second goal.
It's time to see if Jacob Markstrom can be a No. 1 goalie. It's time to give him a string of starts.
Ryan Miller is a respected veteran making $6 million. He also hasn't been playing well.
Markstrom is the Canucks future.
At least for now.
It's time to start prepping him for that future.
There will be discussion internally about who starts Saturday. If it's Markstrom, and there is indication it will be, it will be a sign things are moving more toward his direction.
If it's Miller, it will be Willie's call
BEST EXCHANGE
Brough: With the structure you guys play, what I hear is you are in your structure waiting for the other team to make a mistake. I've heard that a lot this season. Is there a danger of getting too passive when you have a structure like that?
SBISA: “Ya, ya there is a danger. You don't want to give them just a free entry and free zone time.
“You have to respect the guys they have. Getzy, Perry for a decade have been really good below the goal line.
“We don't want to rush right out there and leave the middle wide open.
“But at the same time, you have to find the balance.”
BEST POINTING
Tryamkin, the guy who isn't even supposed to be ready for the NHL, is pointing and yelling to Larsen, the oldest blueliner on the team these days, to get him in position.
Larsen still doesn't get it, and gives up one of the best scoring chances of the game with one of the worst plays you'll see this week.
Dude….
BEST HE JUMPED THE GUN
BEST THROWBACK THURSDAY
BEST BLIND ITEM
“Were the women who were booing the ones he didn't sleep with, or the ones he did?”
BEST REALITY
We have just witnessed the first team in NHL history to gameplan for Troy Stecher.
The Ducks were determined to get in front of him, squeeze his space and not let Stech beat them on the power play.
Henrik said it. The coach said.
And Stecher had seven of his shots blocked.
Did they play you differently?
“Yes, they did. They're big and quick. They were coming out fast. Obviously, they're big guys with long sticks, but they were taking away my time and space.
“It's one game I have to learn from it.
“I'm not going to stop shooting though. I am going to continue to shoot.”
He didn't get a option to do that on the team's critical 5-on-3. Was he thinking about laying down a beaver tail when Henrik had the puck?
Sure was.
“There may have been opportunity to come back to me. Maybe I should have slapped my stick to get Hank's attention a bit more.
“But the vision he has is incredible. You're not going to take that away from him. If he sees something, you want him to do it.”
BEST PLAY
OK, the game mostly sucked. But seeing Sbisa on the cycle was pretty great. He actually passes a puck to Henrik blindly, backhanding it through his legs.
BRIGHTEST SPOTLIGHT
You're up, Guddy. This is your moment.
I can already feel the hype. The Leafs were going on about Saturday's game this morning, having today and tomorrow off, which is just more time to build up this rematch..
Radio and TV from Ontario have big plans for Friday, and if the volume isn't torqued up to 11, it will be damn close.
Good news is Matt Martin will survive. Even after Saturday's game. Phew.
Bad news is, when you loudly declare he won't, and you do it in front of a long line of media, the spotlight suddenly shifts to you.
He has yet to win this fanbase over, because he's been inconsistent, and not nearly as physical as advertised.
A big game Saturday could go a long way in changing that.
Did Guddy regret saying Martin was dead?
“That was a spur of the moment thing, I was walking to the dressing room and I was frustrated,” he said.
“That was a tough night. Do I mean what I sad?
“Absolutely not. That's just a fit of rage. Unfortunately, it got blown up.
“At the end of day, we just want to get two points.”
The NHL contacted Benning about the comments and Gudbranson said the GM talked to him, which is another reason he's walking his death threat back.
Guddy wasn't on the ice when Kadri uncorked Daniel's helmet, and he wasn't involved in any of the shenanigans that marked the explosive aftermath.
In that game back in TO, he was a non-factor, until he was off the ice and there he became the story.
Guddy was asked if he will re-watch any of it to get fired up.
“If I watch the highlights of that game, I'm going to be embarrassed. I think I was a dash-four.
“That was a tough night for Huddy and I.
“We got spanked there.”
What about revenge? Will you at least keep what happened in the back of your head?
“We're going out to get two points. That's the best way to hurt them.”
Guddy is a great guy. He's great in the locker room. But he's going to have to do more than that on Saturday.
This is his moment.
BEST HOPE
BIGGEST CRISIS
It was a couple of years ago when word was being passed around Vancouver's business elite the Aquilini Investment Group may start looking to cash in their Canucks chips, selling the team they paid $250 million for back in 2005.
As the whispers went, if the Aquilinis were ever to consider it, they'd want a premium return, something like 20% more than market value.
In 2015, the Canucks were one of several NHL teams which enlisted a company to assess the value of the franchise.
If you're to believe Forbes, their NHL investment is trending in the wrong direction and doing so at an alarmingly rapid rate.
Most picked up on the Canucks fiscal climate when the recent Forbes NHL valuation list was released this week. The Canucks team value was down 6%, from $745 million in 2015 to $700 million in 2016.
They certainly weren't alone, as the value all seven Canadian NHL franchises were down so obviously the state of the Canadian dollar is having a significant impact.
But the Canucks were down the most.
In the Forbes list two years ago, the Canucks were valued at $800 million, which ranked fifth in the league.
It's been a 12.6% tumble since then, according to Forbes and that's either an emerging crisis, or the team's bean counters are already there.
BEST CHECK LIST
BEST SLOW YOUR ROLL
The Canucks Army did quite a thorough job delving into the subject of Bo Horvat's extension.
It's been quite a week for Horvat, with some claiming he's now not only the best centre on the team, he's the Canucks the best player. Others have begun edging estimates for his next deal to what once seemed like la-la land, with dreams of $5.5 million-per-year dancing in their heads.
The first one, of course, is still wrong.
And the second, well, it looks hyperbolic. At least for now. Neither of the takes are all that fair to Horvat, but that's the way the pendulum swings for him in Van.
Go 27 games without a goal, and people claim you'll never be more than a 3L centre. Remember that? He's 20 years old putting up 40 points and some got on their soap box shouting about his ceiling being Manny Malhotra lite.
Yeah, no.
What does that make you the mayor of again?
But go ppg for three weeks, and everyone swoons.
Life moves fast.
Horvat has been playing and producing like a first line player for a while. But he's also been running with a shooting percentage topping 20%.
That could get cut in half. It also could continue, I guess, but that would be a ridiculous outlier like season.
The Canucks Army takeout is the must-read and definitive word on the topic, complete with comps and charts which provide the necessary evidence showing Horvat is likely currently worth about $4 – 4.5 million on a long term deal.
Thing is, from what I've heard, Newport is not eager at all for a long term contract. Not only do they see Horvat trending in the right direction, and that's with a point total going skyward, they know it's a good bet his role is going to expand in the second half of this year and next.
Of course, they could be underestimating Willie's reluctance to feed Bo more minutes, and offensive ones too.
But Newport also knows Brock Boeser is coming, and right now a lock to be on the roster next season. The most likely scenario has Boeser spending most of his ice time next year with Horvat.
You think that's worht betting on?
The following year, Henrik could be gone and that would mean Horvat has a chance to be thrust onto the first line.
Given all of this, wouldn't you be advising your client to take a two year deal and the see where it goes?
Thought so.
We still have no clear statement from the senator on claims that he grabbed women's buttocks while taking photos on the campaign trail and that he forcibly kissed broadcaster LeeAnn Tweeden while abroad in 2006.
So far his only consistent message has been: He doesn't remember any of it, but it's possible it happened. It's even possible more women will say it happened to them.
"I take a lot of pictures in Minnesota, thousands of pictures - maybe tens of thousands of pictures - so these are instances that I do not remember," Franken told Capitol Hill reporters on Monday. "From these stories, it's been clear that there are some women - and one is too many - who feel that I have done something disrespectful, and that's hurt them, and for that I am tremendously sorry."
It's slippery, politician-y language that could allow Franken to have it both ways: Give his accusers the benefit of the doubt (so as to be seen on the right side of this sexual harassment allegations wave sweeping Washington), while keep his political career intact (because he maintains he didn't intentionally grope these women).
Confusing, I know. Actually, pretty much everything Franken has said about his accusers has been extremely confusing. In one breath, he sounds like he's admitting to all of it. "I'm not going to make any excuses. I am embarrassed and ashamed, of some of what has come out," Franken told Minneapolis CBS affiliate WCCO's Esme Murphy in an interview Sunday from his daughter's home in Washington, D.C.
In the other breath, he seems to make those very same excuses he swore off. Franken issued a Thanksgiving Day statement saying he was just a sloppy hugger and the women misinterpreted him.
As I wrote then, his attempt at clarifying what happened only raises a zillion more questions: Did he grab these women's buttocks or not? If he did, how, exactly, was it unintentional? Does he not know the difference between a woman's waist and her buttocks?
The effect of all this is that Franken has not once denied actually grabbing women inappropriately. And yet he maintains his innocence.
But there's another problem with Franken's defense: While his accusers' stories are sharply similar and clear, Franken's explanation of what he thinks happened is filled with holes.
In that WCCO interview, Murphy did a good job of pressing Franken on this. Here's a critical part of their exchange:
MURPHY: "Are they mistaken that their butt was grabbed is that what you are saying?"
FRANKEN: "I am not saying that. As I said, I take thousands of photos. I don't remember these particular photos."
MURPHY: "With all due respect, people are going to find it hard to believe that someone such as yourself wouldn't know that they were grabbing someone's butt."
FRANKEN "I can understand how some people would see it that way."MURPHY: "But have you ever placed a hand on some woman's butt?"
FRANKEN: "I can't say that it hasn't happened. In crowded chaotic situations, I can't say that I have not done that. I am very sorry if these women experienced that."
As Murphy points out how, exactly, is it possible he grabbed women's buttocks - cupped them, according to some of his accusers - in a professional setting and doesn't remember?
And three of his accusers, two of whom remain anonymous, didn't ask for hugs. They said he groped them while posing for photos. So were the women mistaken?
Perhaps, Franken is saying. The only thing Franken has unequivocally acknowledged he did is what one of his accusers provided photographic proof of: That he put his hands over Tweeden's breasts while she slept.
"The picture was inexcusable and that is what I am most ashamed for," he told Murphy.
With each subsequent statement or interview, Franken seems to be going out of his way to give his accusers the benefit of the doubt. It's something he didn't do right off the bat, despite being on the record that victims of sexual harassment should be believed.
In another interview, this time with Minnesota Public Radio, Franken said: "What my intention was doesn't matter. Some women said I had crossed the line, and for that I am very sorry. . . . I think we have to listen to and respect what they are saying."
"Respect" what his accusers say happened, but don't admit to what he's accused of.
It remains to be seen whether that evasive explanation satisfies a Senate ethics investigation, or his constituents. Since Franken seems intent on trying to keep his job rather than step down over these allegations, it looks like we'll get to find out.
We all know that Republicans do NOT want President Obama to succeed. They hope he fails. Now they have a strategy to make sure Obama will fail, and that strategy is to kill as many jobs as possible so they can run on "voter outrage" they way they did in 2010.
If America recovers under President Obama it is BAD NEWS for the GOP, because Obama will get credit for it. So the GOP has determined that if they cause MORE SUFFERING they can run on outrage again and say "Obama didn't fix things, you should elect a Republican instead" when 2012 rolls around.
And this is what Republicans voted for. Remind the Republicans in your life that the reason there are no jobs is because Republicans only serve the rich, they are undermining the economy ON PURPOSE with two goals in mind, serving the super rich who have corrupted them to FUBAR proportions and destroying America's recovery under President Obama. Then thank the Republicans in your life for voting for these same assholes who created our huge deficits in the first place.
This is reality.
Anyone who thinks that destroying the ability for working class people to bargain for better pay will somehow help the economy is either a fool or a crook who is lying to you. Anyone who thinks that taking people's health care away from them will HELP them is an asshole who is helping to push you into a grave so the manipulators behind them can make a better profit. Anyone who tells you that cutting taxes for the rich and corporations will be better for the economy is a liar, and you can point out how badly that idea has failed by just pointing out the last decade to them. Republicans are not just destroying the middle class so they can give that wealth to the super rich whom they serve, they are doing it on purpose. Nothing in my mind could be MORE Un-American than knowingly causing suffering amongst your countrymen for political and monetary gain.
Dear Republicans, fuck you for falling for this shit over and over and over again. You are certainly the most gullible assholes America has ever produced.
You can follow me on Twitter @JesseLaGreca
Peace and love to all who can't afford it!
VANCOUVER — If the past month has been a cooling-off period for B.C. and Alberta in the heated dispute over royalties from the proposed Northern Gateway pipeline, relations may be turning downright icy.
Alberta Premier Alison Redford was in Clark's backyard Tuesday where she reiterated that she has not and will not be meeting with her B.C. counterpart to discuss any sharing of Alberta royalties from the proposed multibillion-dollar pipeline project.
“She made her position very clear. Ours is very clear. Our position hasn't changed,” Redford told reporters following a speech to the Canadian Bar Association.
“We believe that it's very important for economic benefits to be spread across the country and we don't believe that fundamentally changing Confederation to allow that to happen is appropriate, and so wouldn't entertain any discussion with respect to sharing of Alberta royalties.”
A spokesman for Clark said the B.C. premier is on vacation. Redford's appearance at the legal conference was booked in May, well before Clark sparked the dispute with a list of criteria for B.C.'s support for the pipeline proposed by Calgary-based Enbridge that included a greater share of royalties.
The B.C. Liberal leader underscored the demand by walking out of a discussion on a national energy strategy at the Council of the Federation meeting last month.
In a speech that made no direct mention of Northern Gateway or the simmering dispute between the two provinces, Redford championed a unified approach to Canada's economic future, in what appeared to be a subtle rebuke of the B.C. position.
“We need to ensure that our actions are fiscally responsible and fair, not only to this generation but to those who follow and this means doing what's right for the long term, and not the next election cycle.”
[np-related]
Clark is set to go to the polls next May, in a province where the pipeline project has deeply divided the public.
The proposal by Enbridge would see twin pipelines deliver diluted bitumen over 1,170 kilometres from the oilsands in northern Alberta to a terminal to be built for tankers near Kitimat, B.C. A federal environmental review panel has until Dec. 31, 2013, to complete its review.
Asked after her speech how the impasse can be resolved if the two leaders do not meet, Redford said she was sure that at some point in the future the two will meet, but there are no plans for that as yet.
“We have every other premier across this country understanding the importance of an energy economy and understanding that it's important for all Canadians that we do work together,” she said.
It's entirely appropriate for British Columbians to have a discussion about whether the Northern Gateway project is right for their province, she said.
“What' I've been saying as the premier of Alberta is it's important for us all as political leaders to work together to ensure that there is access to international markets and that there isn't any particular province that should get more access or less access to international markets based on their geographic location,” Redford told reporters.
A spokesman for Clark said the premier was not available to comment on Redford's remarks, and that B.C.'s position hasn't changed in any event.
“Our position is still that the ball is in Alberta's court. We laid out our five principles in Halifax and that stands today,” Mike Morton said Tuesday.
B.C. will receive about $6-billion of an estimated $81-billion in tax revenue over the 30 years of the project. Ottawa is expected to receive about $36-billion and Alberta $32-billion.
In her speech, Redford said she continues to work with provincial and territorial leaders toward a national energy strategy, and she warned against tying that strategy to a single project.
“Market access must be a part of that because it's a national imperative that's essential to Canada's economic health. It just doesn't make sense to have only one market for your biggest export, and it also doesn't make much sense for anyone, or any province, or any jurisdiction, to go it alone. We need to work together. That's when all Canadians benefit.”
The Canadian Press
I recently gave a talk at my old alma mater (Texas A&M College of Medicine) on creating a Professional and Scholarly Community with FOAM in early September of 2015. One of the things I was most amazed by was how many people had not heard of the concept of FOAM, but more importantly the number of questions I received after my talk on how to get started and how to consume FOAM. Now many people in the FOAM world have posted blog posts, videos, and even podcasts on how to do this, but I thought I would write a blog post on how I keep up and stay organized for anyone who is new to the FOAM world or if someone simply asks you how to get started feel free to just refer them here.
What is FOAMed?
FOAMed quite simply stands for F ree O pen A ccess M edical Ed ucation
ree pen ccess edical ucation It might be easier to get a couple of misnomers out of the way right off the bat: FOAM IS NOT Social Media (Twitter, FaceBook, Google+, etc…) FOAM IS NOT a Teaching Philosophy FOAM IS independent of platform or media (Blogs, Podcasts, Videocasts, etc…) FOAM IS an interactive collaboration of like minded individuals, free of geographic hindrances and time zones, with one single goal…to make the world of medicine better.
Quite simply, FOAM is the concept, FOAMed is the conversation
When and Where did the Concept of FOAM start?
The term FOAM was first created in June 2012 at a pub in Dublin over a pint of Guinness during the International Conference on Emergency Medicine (ICEM) 2012. Mike Cadogan, who is now considered the father of FOAM, was discussing how the term social media made physicians cringe and wanted to figure out a different way to help make the ideas of using online technologies in medical education stick and spread. As many of us know, sometimes its the connotations associated with a name that make or break an idea.
Some would argue that the acronym of FOAM may have been created in 2012, but maybe the beginnings of FOAM can be found in earlier teachings of Hippocrates and Sir William Osler (I have written about this before From Hippocrates to Osler to FOAM).
So Why Bother with FOAM?
There are lots of reasons really, but I will mention a couple below:
Cut Down Knowledge Translation Time: If you have ever published a book chapter or a peer reviewed journal article you know it is a timely process. On average to get a book chapter published it takes about 5 years and a journal article 2 years. In the meantime there is new research being published. Maybe if you are lucky you make a conference that keeps you updated, but honestly how many conferences do you go to that really impact or change your practice?
Residents Endorse FOAM as Beneficial in Their Education: There was a survey of approximately 400 Emergency Medicine residents across the US published in Academic Medicine 2014 by Mallin M et al. Just over 50% completed the survey and what was amazing was that residents endorsed podcasts as the most beneficial in their education (70.3%), followed by textbooks (54.3%), journals (36.5%), and Google (33.8%).
But There is Too Much FOAM…Where do I Start?
Well you are not wrong thinking there is a lot of FOAM out there. Cadogan M et al Emergency Medicine Journal 2014 showed that emergency medicine and critical care blogs, websites, and podcasts are growing at a logarithmic pace. Many have told me that this is like drinking from a fire hose, but how is this any different than when you first started medical school? There was a lot of information to digest, but somehow we managed to do it. Still, I want to help simplify the process and help put the world of FOAM in your hands. In my mind there are really 4 things you need to help consume FOAM on your phone/tablet:
A News Aggregator A Podcast Catcher Read by QxMD and/or Pubmed Alerts A Twitter Account
A News Aggregator
This is an application for various web browsers and mobile devices that will allow you to follow all your blogs and websites in one location instead of having to go to several different websites day to day. This is a huge time saver and lets you personalize content that matters to you most from your favorite blogs have new posts. You can actually link to the blog directly from within the application. There are several options out there(Flipboard, Nuzzel), but my personal favorite is Feedly. Feedly is FREE, allows you to break your subscriptions into subfolders, and really makes adding new subscriptions easy by just putting the blogs/websites URL.
Go to www.feedly.com Create an account for FREE At the top right of your screen put in the website URL you are wanting to add Click on the green +feedly tab Create a folder to put it under Hit Add
A Podcast Catcher
Podcasting aggregators not only play your podcasts for you, but also automatically download the newest episodes of podcasts you are subscribed to again personalize content that matters to you most from your favorite podcasts. Again many options out there (Pocket Cast, Overcast, Podcast Republic), but my personal favorite is Downcast. It costs $2.99 (US$) and only on iOS devices, but completely worth it. You can search for podcast subscriptions from within the app, setup auto-downloading so the newest episodes will automatically download, and make playlists to help separate work podcasts from leisure topics. Probably one of the most amazing features for me is the option to speed up playback to 1.5x and 2.0x, which allows me to listen to podcasts more efficiently.
Download Downcast onto your iOS device ($2.99 US) Create an account Click Add at the bottom of the screen Click on search Type in the name of the podcast you are searching for At the top right of your screen hit subscribe
Read by QxMD
This is your go-to app to discover new research, in your area of practice, that is being published in a single place. The days of stacks of paper journals are gone. This app is FREE, easy to navigate, and you can email articles from within the app to yourself or to others. You can also use your university affiliation/subscription to get one-touch access to thousands of PDF articles which is also a really nice feature.
Download Read by QxMD Set your profession, specialty, location, and institution Once completed you can set what journals, specialties, or keywords you want to follow To gain institutional access click on Institutional Access (Step by Step is HERE) Click on Edit Proxy
Choose your university from the list
Enter your library or your university credentials
Tap done
This will get you access to more PDF articles that may be behind paywalls
Pubmed Alerts
Two of my friends Natalie May and Rick Body have written about this at St. Emlyn's on a post they titled JC: Drinking From the Firehose – Keeping Up with the Literature. This is another way to keep current with new research in your area of interest. Feel free to checkout their post on how to get email alerts from your favorite journals to follow from pubmed.
A Twitter Account
So a question I often get is why Twitter and not Facebook? My simple answer is Facebook is great for people who you already know, but Twitter is for who you should know. I think of twitter as my information stream. Think about the last time you watched sportscenter or CNN….what do you see running at the bottom of the screen? An information stream of highlights or top events. Well twitter is no different, exccept now you get to choose what is running in your information stream. In other words if you follow a bunch of useless crapp, you will get a bunch of useless crapp in your feed. Below is a link to a video that I think are the key things you need to know and how to use the platform.
Also Check out this Great Infographic Created by my Good Friend Sandra Viggers (@StSkaterDk)
So now you have created your Twitter account…the next question I get is who should I follow? Depending on your areas of interest you may choose to follow different sets of people. I nice place to start is to look at the @FOAMstarter account on Twitter. If you look to see who that account is following, you will see a list of 31 people that are very proactive in FOAMed. Realize this is just one list…it doesn't mean these are the only people you should follow, but it might be a nice place to get you started.
Some Parting Words of Wisdom
“Even the greatest was once a beginner…Don't be afraid to take that first step.” Muhammad Ali
“If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough.” Albert Einstein
“The most dangerous phrase in the language is…We've always done it this way.” Grace Hopper
“Alone we are smart. Together we are brilliant.” Steven Anderson
Some Useful Publications:
Nickson CP et al. Free Open Access Medical education (FOAM) for the Emergency Physician. Emergency Medicine Australasia (2014) 26, 76–83. (PDF) Cadogan M et al. Free Open Access Meducation (FOAM): the rise of emergency medicine and critical care blogs and podcasts (2002–2013). Emerg Med J 2014; 31(e1):e76-7 (PDF) Thoma B et al. Five Strategies to Effectively Use Online Resources in Emergency Medicine. Ann Emerg Med 2014: 64 (4): 392–395. (PDF) Mallin M et al. A Survey of the Current Utilization of Asynchronous Education Among Emergency Medicine Residents in the United States. Acad Med. 2014 Apr;89(4):598-601. PMID: 24556776 Thoma et al. Five Strategies to Effectively Use Online Resources in Emergency Medicine. Ann Emerg Med 2014; 64(4): 392 – 5. (PDF)
Some Useful Links:
Post Peer Reviewed By: Anand Swaminathan (Twitter: @EMSwami)
