Song Joong Ki opened up briefly about his upcoming marriage to Song Hye Kyo during an interview with SBS's “Night of Real Entertainment.”
When asked to share his thoughts, the actor relayed, “I think that of course, many people would be curious about [my relationship]. That's why I want to openly talk about my marriage to my girlfriend, but at the same time, there are small memories that we would like to treasure to ourselves. So, I ask for your understanding.”
“Right now, I'm preparing for the release of the movie [‘Battleship Island'] and also for our wedding during my spare time. I'm happily preparing well,” Song Joong Ki revealed. “Even now, there are many people who encourage us, and this is truthfully a source of strength for me. Adults used to tell me that marriage is a major life event, and in the past I didn't completely understand what they meant but these days, I realize what that means.”
See Also: Song Joong Ki Gives Simple Reason For Wanting To Get Married Early
The actor also sincerely thanked their fans for their support, and added that Song Hye Kyo had said that she hoped the movie does well.
Meanwhile, Song Joong Ki and Song Hye Kyo will be tying the knot this upcoming October.
Source (1)
I'm back, baby. youtu.be/K9q70zCJYBc What's up, my watchers? This is your resident EnigmaticThief, coming to you with a new work that I put a lot of time and thought into. As hype built for Mario Kart 8 and I was checking out promo videos, one featured a new vehicle type: the ATV. Wanting to draw some more humanized MLP characters, my mind immediately made the connection between the off-roading device and good ol' AJ. Initially I drew out the ATV at a different angle, and while I ultimately scrapped that first attempt due to awkward positioning, it gave me a better sense of how the vehicle is put together and thus build it around the figure of AJ rather than the other way around. It's got a few spots that nag at the back of my head as to whether they look right or not, but overall I'm quite proud of it.I hope you like it, and comments, favorites, and especially critiques are always appreciated!UPDATE 7/26 : Added in the background I was thinking of and I think it turned out great!
Comedy aficionados are a tricky group to shop for, and lovers of The Kids in the Hall are no exception. The beloved Canadian sketch show has been off the air since 1994, giving fans two decades to memorize its most famous catchphrases and inexplicable jokes. It also means that the show's beloved recurring characters have become part of our lives, instantly familiar and worthy of emulation, whether they stand out as voices of reason or the most terrifyingly nutty people we could imagine.
So, when shopping for the Kids in the Hall fan in your life, why not bypass the box sets and help them relive the glory days of Dave, Bruce, Mark, Kevin and Scott? They'll love you forever—though even that probably won't stop them from incessantly quoting Buddy Cole.
Kathie with a K
Kathie-with-a-K is a woman of many layers: a secretary at AT & Love, an old-fashioned girl from Parry Sound, a coffee connoisseur and a cheesecake enthusiast, a woman who won't object to finding creative ways to speed up her dry cleaning, and Mississippi Gary's long lost love. But, perhaps most essentially, Kathie is a Blue Jays Booster—and, in the fashion world of 2014, a fundamental normcore inspiration. Get her look with a vintage Jays sweatshirt from Etsy ($31.62), a pair of Playgirl glasses frames from American Apparel ($120), and a signed photo of Kelly Gruber from eBay ($49.99) to hang on your cubicle wall—and, if you want to really indulge the Kathie in your life, go to the KraftCanada website and make her a batch of the treats of the Gods known as almond bark.
The Basic Bruce
Listen, he's no role model—but he can still be the greatest Albertan fashion icon of the ‘90s. Head to Stampede (“Canada's Finest Saddlery”) to pick out some high-waisted Wranglers ($64.95 Canadian), and then to J. Crew for a winter-weight flannel work shirt ($32.50). As to what kind of underwear you keep in a bowl in the fridge… well, that's really up to you.
Sizzler and Sizzler
Was there ever a more glamorous pair of lounge singers than Jerry Sizzler and his sister, Jerry Sizzler? You don't need to be clearly insane to agree—or to recreate their look in some tasteful Botany 500 pajamas from the Vermont Country Store ($29.95-$34.95) and a flannel robe from Travelsmith ($59.00). Complete the look with MAC Pro Longwear Lipcolour in Lasting Lust ($25.00) so you don't have to worry about your lipstick wearing off, even if you spend the whole night serenading a club full of pricks. Now all you need is a ravishing wig in Jayne Mansfield blonde or Rita Hayworth red—just be sure to leave the tag on.
Darcy Pennell
Doesn't the person who makes your life a lot less hell deserve a classic one-button blazer from Forever 21 ($32.90) and an onyx horseshoe bolo tie ($23.45) from Rocky Mountain Western? Of course, if you want to really make a statement, you can get a free sample railroad spike from Railway-Fastener.com. It may not be a Christian Renoir, but who would know the difference?
Nicole the Ballerina
For the KITH fan in your life who exudes both fragile grace and irrepressible joie de vivre, there's no more fitting gift than a Danskin NYCB long-sleeved leotard ($48) and a sheer pink wrap skirt ($15). Of course, nothing goes with ballet quite like snacks, so cater to your tiny dancer's twin passions with a barrel of Utz cheese balls ($7.99). To ballot!
Buddy Cole
There are actors, singers, dancers, models, and Canadians in the world, and then there's the one and only Buddy Cole. Buddy's may have burned to the ground twenty long years ago, but its spirit will live on when you don your Gentleman's Emporium paisley ascot ($23.95) and Brooks Brothers velvet smoking jacket ($998).
Wardrobe will only take you so far, however: To really pay homage to Charles Budderick “Buddy” Cole—pioneering softball team manager, pop star Svengali, royal correspondent, and devoted friend—you need not just a blond pompadour and a chilled gimlet, but wit, irreverence, and warmth. In ‘80s and ‘90s Toronto, Buddy's bar was an oasis of acceptance, pride, and long monologues. If filling his shoes seems too tall an order, you can always practice making the word “Canadian” sound sexy, and work your way up from there.
Screengrab from CBS/Undercover Boss A Boston Market employee got fired on national television after going on a rant about how much he hates customers to a co-worker who was actually an undercover exec.
Boston Market chief brand officer Sara Bittorf was on CBS reality show Undercover Boss, which puts incognito company execs into regular stores to see what things are really like on the ground.
The employee, identified only as Ronnie, is the first worker to ever be fired on the show.
"I literally hate customers more than anything in the entire world. I hate them so much," he said in his rant. "They're terrible. It's all about them all the time and they demand everything."
"I can't have someone who just told me that they hate customers more than anything in the world serving our guests," said Bittorf on the show. "That's the complete antithesis of what we stand for.'"
Then, she broke her cover, told Ronnie who she really was, and lectured him. She advised the branch manager that the worker should be fired and that was the end for Ronnie.
He didn't seem to think he did anything wrong though.
''I would tell them my attitude would change but I didn't think it was that terrible," said Ronnie. "It's not wrong of me to hate people."
We spoke with Bittorf right before the show aired and she said that the employee in question "wasn't living up to our values" and she was forced to "take care of it."
Here's a clip from the show:
Sean Taylor: A Football Life
NFL Network premiered their latest installment of “A Football Life” on Friday when they featured former Redskins safety Sean Taylor.
Taylor's story is one that should be told, and this piece did a brilliant job of just that. Many of the public thoughts on Sean were completely wrong as he was in the process of changing his life and turning things around when he was gunned down in his own home, defending his family.
The show is posted below and is a MUST-watch for ALL football fans.
﻿
Incoming search terms:
sean taylor a football life full episode
a football life sean taylor full episode
sean taylor a football life full
a football life
sean taylor a football life full video
A Football Life Full Episodes
a football life sean taylor full
a football life sean taylor full video
sean taylor a football life video
watch a football life sean taylor
Leave a Comment
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption A demonstrator demanding drugs for children with cancer at a health protest in Caracas
Venezuela has sacked Health Minister Antonieta Caporale after her department released statistics revealing a large jump in infant and maternal mortality.
Vice-Minister of Hospitals Luis López has been appointed to take over, according to state media.
The ministry's report showed the number of women dying in childbirth had risen by 65%, while child deaths were up 30%.
The national figures were released after almost two years without official data.
They also showed a jump in illnesses such as malaria and diphtheria.
The report reflects the country's deep economic crisis, which the opposition says is the result of government mismanagement.
President Nicolas Maduro argues that the health crisis is caused by medicines being hoarded to encourage a coup against him.
Venezuelans face shortages of everything, from food to vaccines, and this has provoked big protests in the country.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption President Maduro said some demonstrators have been arrested for damaging La Carlota air base in east Caracas on Wednesday
NGOs and international bodies have also expressed concern that the country is detaining citizens and processing their cases behind closed doors, via the military.
The government has kept quiet on the issue, but, on Thursday, President Maduro said protesters who attack military bases would face military proceedings.
"The right and basic guarantees of due process no longer exist in Venezuela from the moment a civilian is forced to appear before a military court," said Luis Almagro, the secretary general of the Organisation of American States (OAS), on Monday.
Venezuela announced its withdrawal from the OAS last month, accusing the US-based group of meddling in its affairs.
Venezuela has the largest oil reserves in the world but the collapse of oil prices a few years ago led to a recession and a shortage of the foreign currency needed to import equipment, food and medicines.
Almost 40 people have died in protest-related violence since the demonstrations began last month.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption A protest banner declares the health sector dead
The country's opposition has arranged a grandparent's protest on Friday, which will see elderly Venezuelans marching to the office of the people's ombudsman in Caracas.
Participants say their state benefits do not cover food and medicine. They also say they are demonstrating for their grandchildren and the younger generation at large.
In a recent survey, three-quarters of Venezuelans said their health had plummeted, and that they were eating fewer than two meals a day. Many reported losing an average of about 9kg (19lb).
In the health sector, large numbers of doctors have emigrated. A leading pharmaceutical association has said about 85% of medicines are in short supply.
As an Art Historian (now Philatelic Assistant) I have always been fascinated by the portrait and a stamp in itself is a miniature piece of art. To understand why the Queen's head appears as it does on GB stamps we need to first understand the significance of the portrait historically.
Some of the earliest profile portraits were produced by the Romans for their coins and medals. Images of the Emperors illustrated their power and importance and thus the profile became synonymous with these characteristics. It was also a way of distributing the face of their leader, who many would never have seen.
We can see the influence of these artefacts in the work of Renaissance artists who tried to recreate this sense of power in their portraits of the wealthy. This is evident in the portrait of the Duke of Urbino and his wife by Piero della Francesca who are both depicted in profile facing one another. Yet this composition had to be used as the Duke had previously lost his right eye in a tournament. You can also see the significance of the medal in Sandro Botticelli's ‘Portrait of a Man with a Medal of Cosimo De Medici' c.1474-75.
However the initial portrait of Queen Elizabeth II used for postage was not in fact a profile. Instead it was a three quarter view of Her Majesty photographed by Dorothy Wilding in 1952. Though adequate as a Definitive stamp – the Wilding design was found to be overly challenging for many stamp designers as it took up to one third of the stamp's area and subsequently compromised the design of the stamp.
As a solution to this problem Tony Benn (Post Master General 1964-66) along with designer David Gentleman introduced the idea of removing the Queen's head altogether. Initial ideas were produced, however in 1965 the Queen decided she wished to remain on the stamp. This led to the small profile silhouette on commemorative stamps being used instead, reminiscent of those produced in the 18th century of the English high society.
To produce a profile portrait of the Queen, The Royal Mail approached the British sculptor Arnold Machin. He took inspiration from the simplicity of the Penny Black portrait, which was based on a medal of Queen Victoria by William Wyon. This again acknowledges the historical importance of the profile.
The image of the Queen we see today is not only practical for producing stamps but also evokes the idea of power and importance, circulating her image to the nation. The significance of the portrait on a stamp is not merely a representation of the person but as a symbol of their significance. Commemorative stamps elevate the importance of an individual by allowing them to feature prominently on the stamp, though the Queen still remains dominant as the accompanying silhouette.
Next time you see a photograph of yourself have a think what you would look like on a postage stamp?
– Georgina Tomlinson Philatelic Assistant.
The case of the 54-year-old woman who admitted herself to the Georgetown University Medical School emergency department complaining of severe memory loss triggered by sex was widely reported last month: "Mind-blowing sex can wipe memory clean," ran the Live Science headline; "For one woman, sex was mind-blowing and, literally, totally forgettable, all at the same time," said ABC News; "Over-exertion between the sheets can wipe your memory," warned the Daily Mail.
The woman had suffered an episode of a condition called transient global amnesia (TGA), a 'pure' memory syndrome characterized by abrupt, severe memory loss in the absence of other neurological deficits. Although extremely rare and poorly understood, TGA is helping researchers to gain a better understanding of the neuroanatomical basis of memory. The symptoms also bear a close resemblance to those observed in the earliest stages of Alzheimer's Disease.
This mysterious condition was first described by French physicians in 1956. Since then, there have only been several hundred documented cases. The causes are still unknown, but recent evidence suggests it might be due to congestion in the veins that drain blood from the brain. Many of the cases appear to be precipitated by strenuous physical activity, but it can also be triggered by psychologically and emotionally stressful events as well as physiologically stressful ones, such as taking a hot or cold shower. Most often, the precipitating event occurs immediately before the onset of amnesia; more rarely, it can precede the memory loss by days, weeks or even months.
This latest case of sex-induced TGA – there have been others – was reported in the Journal of Emergency Medicine in September. The woman told doctors that her memory loss had coincided with sexual climax about an hour earlier. Her husband corroborated this, adding that she was unable to recall events that had occurred within the preceding 24 hours and could not incorporate new memories. These symptoms lasted about 20 minutes and had almost completely disappeared by the time the couple had arrived at hospital. Throughout the episode, the woman had remained fully cognizant – she was fully conscious, alert and conversant.
The case seems to be typical of the condition. The vast majority of cases occur in middle-aged and elderly people, most of whom have no history of other neurological events, such as migraine or head trauma. In the small number of younger patients, however, a history of headaches could be an important risk factor. In all cases, memory gradually recovers 2-10 hours after the precipitating event, leaving only a gap for the events that occurred during the episode and often for events that occurred in the hours preceding it.
Thorsten Bartsch of University Hospital Schleswig-Holstein in Kiel, Germany and his colleagues have shown that TGA is associated with localized damage to the hippocampus, a part of the brain which is well known to play a critical role in the formation and recollection of autobiographical memories, or memories for life events.
In 2006, they published the results of a neuroimaging study involving 41 TGA patients. Twenty-nine of these patients had small lesions that were restricted to the CA1 region of the hippocampus (seen on the right in the image at the top). The damage could be detected within six hours of the onset of symptoms, but was no longer visible in brain scans performed on the patients 4-6 months later.
Bartsch and his colleagues confirm these findings in another study published last month. This time, they scanned the brains of 16 more TGA patients and found exactly the same transient lesions in 14 of them. All the patients had experienced severe memory loss for life events that extended back 30 years or more. In all cases, the amnesia was restricted to autobiographical memory and memory function was restored within 24 hours.
"Imaging these lesions is not easy as they are so small, transient and focal," says Bartsch, "but we have developed sensitive measures. Timing is crucial as the window of amnesia only lasts about 12 hours. After that, the patient quickly recovers. The lesion is best seen after 24-72 hours, but is gone after 5-6 days. Our guess is that the quick recovery is largely due to a quick reorganisation and compensation within the hippocampal network."
Interestingly, those patients with damage located further towards the front end of the CA1 region had greater impairment for the most remote autobiographical memories. This lends some support to earlier work which suggests that recollection of distant memories involves activation along the entire front-to-back extent of the hippocampus and that retrieval of the most distant memories is more dependent on activity at the front end.
Memory is a form of mental time travel, enabling us to "traverse times and spaces far remote." The reconstructive nature of memory also enables us to travel forward in time, by piecing together fragments of events we have already experienced to imagine those that have not yet occurred. And another very recent study by a team of French researchers shows that TGA patients not only have dificulty recalling their past, but also have difficulty imagining the future.
Studying this mysterious condition may help researchers to understand the cellular events underlying the development of Alzheimer's disease. The earliest stages of Alzeimer's involve degeneration of the CA1 region of the hippocampus, and this is accompanied by memory deficits that are very similar to those seen in TGA. "It is very interesting that the same neurons are affected very early in the course of Alzheimer's disease," says Bartsch. "TGA is somehow a model for the disease. It sheds some light on the deficit in Alzheimer's and the putative target for a cure."
References: Maloy, K. & Davis, J. E. (2011). "Forgettable" Sex: A Case of Transient Global Amnesia Presenting to the Emergency Department. Journal of Emergency Medicine, DOI: 10.1016/j.jemermed.2008.02.048
Bartsch, T., et al (2011). CA1 neurons in the human hippocampus are critical for autobiographical memory, mental time travel, and autonoetic consciousness. PNAS, DOI: 10.1073/pnas.1110266108
Cejas, C., et al (2010). Internal Jugular Vein Valve Incompetence Is Highly Prevalent in Transient Global Amnesia. Stroke, DOI: 10.1161/STROKEAHA.109.566315
The Houghton Library on the Harvard campus holds the university's collection of rare books. Inside its walls — in addition to objects culled from the old "Treasure Room" of Widener, the school's principal library — you'll find Medieval and Renaissance manuscripts; information about the creation of books; and collections of papers from, among many others, Louisa May Alcott, e.e. cummings, Emily Dickinson, T.S. Eliot, Ralph Waldo Emerson, Margaret Fuller, Henry James, William James, Samuel Johnson, James Joyce, John Keats, Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, Theodore Roosevelt, John Updike, and Gore Vidal.
Basically, the Houghton Library on the Harvard campus is awesome. And now it's looking for a little love. From, and for ... Wikipedia.
On Tuesday, John Overholt, Houghton's Curator of Early Modern Books & Manuscripts, posted a job listing. He's hiring a Wikipedian in Residence — someone who can serve as a kind of liaison between Wikipedia and the academic, cultural, and intellectual institutions whose source material its entries rely on. In this case, Harvard.
The Wikipedian in Residence will, according to the job announcement, help to "expand coverage on Wikipedia of topics relevant to Houghton collections." He or she will add sources for existing Wikipedia pages and create new pages "on notable topics." The person will also "provide appropriate formatting and metadata (and OCR cleanup in the case of texts) to upload public domain content to Wikimedia and Wikisource, and facilitate the use of such materials by other Wikipedia users."
This won't be the first Wikipedia in Residence attempting to narrow the divide between the intellectual resources of the campus and those of the web. The British Museum has had such a person; so has the British Library. So has the Palace of Versailles in France and the Museu Picasso in Spain and the Federal Archives of Switzerland. Here in the States, Wikipedians in Residence have helped seed the crowdsourced encyclopedia with material from the Smithsonian Institution, the Gerald Ford Presidential Library, and the National Archives and Records Administration.
Overholt explained the reasons for the creation of the Harvard version of the job over email:
We're hiring a Wikipedian in Residence for the same reason that lots of museums and libraries have over the last few years. Wikipedia is such a valuable and widely used information resource—hardly a day goes by when I don't make use of it myself—and we'd like to find ways that we can use Houghton's online resources to enrich that experience for its users. We're digitizing more and more material all the time, and I'd like to make those things more accessible to interested researchers.
I think it's a clear and important extension of Houghton's mission to promote research and teaching with our collections to make them openly accessible and usable, and I'm excited that one of the aspects of the project will be to contribute images of public domain materials to Wikimedia Commons. It's my hope that those images will get widely used and shared. I hope as well that even though this pilot project is only going to scratch the surface of our collections, it might help spark a broader interest in the Wikipedian community in using Houghton materials to enhance Wikipedia entries.
Houghton is operating, in other words, from the same impulse as its fellow archives: to share its treasures with as wide an audience as possible. Which also often means taking the knowledge that is stored on shelves that are scattered across the world and making it, as Overholt puts it, "openly accessible and usable."
This article originally published at The Atlantic here
What's new in Final Cut Pro X 10.1.2 by Steve Martin and Mark Spencer
In this detailed article, Steve Martin and Mark Spencer go through everything that's new in the Final Cut Pro X 10.1.2 update. Get up to speed with the update from two of the best in the business. Lots to learn.
What's New in Final Cut Pro 10.1.2
by Mark Spencer and Steve Martin
Introduction
Apple has released its 12th update since launching Final Cut Pro X in June of 2011. While not every release has included new features, 12 updates in 3 years is still quite impressive, and Final Cut Pro X has matured remarkably in this time.
This latest release, version 10.1.2, includes workflow improvements and feature enhancements that should be welcomed by editors. Let's see what's changed.
Media Management
That's right - Apple has once again modified how Final Cut Pro X manages your media.
First, let's take a look back: in the 10.1 release of Final Cut last December, Apple combined the project library and the event library into a single unified library that contains everything: events, projects, and media.
For an overview of the Final Cut Pro's Library Model, watch the free lesson #1 “Library Model Overview” from our Media Management tutorial: FCPX Media Management
This change vastly simplified media management while still providing the flexibility to choose to copy your media into the library, leave it in place, or copy it to an external location. However, there were still some limitations. In particular, files that Final Cut Pro generated, like transcoded media and render files, were always stored in the library. Thankfully, this is no longer the case. But before we get to that, let's look at a new pane in the Inspector called Library Properties which you use to set where your media will be stored.
Library Properties
When you create a new Library in 10.1.2, the Library Properties pane opens automatically in the Inspector - even if the Inspector was closed prior to creating the library. This new pane is the key to media management in 10.1.2.
Fig 1. The Library Properties pane of a new library.
At the top of the window is the name of the library and the name of the volume on which it is stored. In the area below Storage Locations you'll see three subsections labeled Media, Cache and Backups.
Media includes not only files you import, including video clips, audio files, and graphics; it also includes transcoded media: the optimized or proxy files you can create either during or after import.
Cache includes render files, optical flow and stabilization analysis files, images of thumbnails, and clip waveforms - basically all the files generated by FCP X except for transcoded media.
Backups are exactly that - the location of your backup files. Remember, these are backups of the library database, not the media, so they are not very large.
By default, your Media and Cache files are stored inside the Library. Moving the pointer over the storage location reveals a tooltip that shows the file path of the media, cache, and backups.
Fig 2. The file path of each storage location is revealed by a tooltip when moving the pointer over the storage location.
Modify Settings
As you might expect, you can change the default locations where Final Cut stores your media, cache, and backup files. You click the Modify Settings button to set the location for each of these three items.
Fig 3. The Modify Settings dialog. Here is where you now set the location for your imported media, cache files, and backups.
Editors working alone will usually want to keep their media and cache inside the library so that their projects are entirely self-contained and easy to move to other drives and to archive. Editors who need to collaborate will want to store their media externally so that it can be shared with other editors.
To learn more about choosing a storage location, watch this free lesson #2 “Choosing a Storage Location” from our Media Management tutorial.
Because you now set the media location using the Modify Settings dialog, when you go to import your media you'll find that the import dialog remembers this target. In fact, you can't change the media location in this dialog like you may be used to. One of the reasons we think this is a good idea, is that by choosing your storage options one time in the Inspector, you no longer need to revisit that decision every time to import more media.
Fig 4. The Import Media dialog. If you choose to copy your media, the copy location reflects the setting in Library Properties.
Consolidating Media
Here is something very important to realize (and it's stated right there in the Modify Settings dialog): making a change to these storage locations sets where the media you import will be copied - but it has no impact on media that has already been imported into your library. To move existing media to a new storage location for an entire library, you use the Consolidate button in the Library Properties pane (note that this command is still available in the File menu, and can be used to consolidate a selected project or event in addition to an entire library).
Fig 5. The Consolidate operation, when invoked from the Library Inspector, consolidates the entire Library.
Using the Consolidate operation, you can move not only your imported “original” media, but also any transcoded media - and you can move this media to any location on any drive. By setting an external location and consolidating, you'll create an extremely small library that can be easily shared with other editors who are either accessing the same media on a network or who have a local copy of the media to link to.
To understand the basic guidelines and operations in Final Cut Pro 10.1.2, watch this free lesson #3 “Guidelines and Operations” from our Media Management tutorial.
Media Locations
Once you've imported media into your library, it appears in the last section of the Library Properties window at the bottom called Media Locations. You can see at a glance the volume(s) that hold your media how much media your library contains, including original, optimized and proxy media. This is a great way to tell if you have media on more than one volume.
Fig 6. Media locations identify the total file size of original and transcoded media.
Deleting Transcoded Media
Before 10.1.2, if you wanted to delete transcoded media in order to free up disk space, you had to do so in the Finder by opening the library bundle. No longer: the File > Delete Generated Library Files command now includes the option to delete optimized and proxy media in addition to your render files. By the way, you can also use this command on a single project or event instead of an entire library.
Fig 7. The Delete Generated Files dialog - complete with options for deleting transcoded media.
If only Final Cut Pro 10.1.2 included the option to delete your cache files!
Import Enhancements
If you're a fan of OS X's Finder tags, you're going to love how Final Cut can now create keyword collections based on these tags. For those of you not familiar with Finder tags, you can select single or multiple files, then tag them with a keyword that best suits the content you want to organize. During import, you can choose to have Final Cut Pro create keyword groupings based on these tags.
Fig 8. Tagging clips in the Finder.
Fig 9. Importing Finder tags
Once imported, you'll see Keyword collections appear in the event you targeted for the import operation.
Fig 10. Finder tags as keyword collections.
If you've taken the time to organize your media in the Finder, sometimes you'll find it quicker to drag clips directly into Final Cut Pro. Previously, you could only drag clips into a specific event. Now you can drag clips straight into the Browser. If your clips are Finder-tagged, keyword collections will appear in the event after dropping.
Fig 11. Dragging clips from the Finder to the Browser.
One small feature that has migrated from iMovie is the ability to sift the media on your camera's card in the Import window. If your card has hundreds of clips with both video and photos, this is a real time saver.
Fig 12. Filtering clips in the Import window.
File Management Changes
Many file-based cameras like Go Pros and DSLRs assign recurring filenames when recording to a cleared card. Therefore you can end up with two different clips that have the exact same file name.
Until 10.1.2, Final Cut dealt with this issue by renaming clips from certain cameras, replacing the original name with a time-date stamp to make them unique.
Now, files are no longer renamed - so you'll now recognize your file names inside Final Cut after importing them. This change should also make it easier for other applications to work with Final Cut through XML.
When you import your media to an external folder, Final Cut now places each imported batch of clips into a separate folder, and it's these folders that now get the date-time name.
You might think that creating additional subfolders would cause havoc when relinking media, but 10.1.2 has gotten much smarter in this regard. Final Cut now drills down into any selected folder or even an entire drive, searching for your files - even if they are stored in multiple folder locations. So relinking strewn-about clips is much faster.
Fig 13. Part of the Relink Files dialog that indicates FCP X has located files deep inside a folder structure, even though only the top level of the volume was selected.
Organization Enhancements
Do you have a lot of events in your library you need to quickly organize? You can now sort them by Date or Name by right or control-clicking on the event and choosing an option.
Fig 14. New Event sorting options.
Often during the edit you want to see a list of the clips you have not used in your Project. This option now appears in the Filter Clips menu.
Fig 15. Filtering Browser clip by unused media.
But there is more you can do with this feature. You can perform smart searches and create smart collections based on whether the clip has been used or unused in an project. For example, you might want to create a smart collection that groups all your unused photos or sound effects together.
Fig 16. Creating a Smart Collection for unused media.
In addition to standard clips, Used Media Indicators now work on Compound, Multicam and Synced Clips. As in the previous versions, simply choose > Show Used Media Ranges from the View menu.
Fig 17. Unused media on a multicam clip.
Audio Enhancements
There is a new feature for adjusting the relative and absolute volume of a selected clip or group of clips. Like Copy/Paste Attributes in legacy FCP, this feature is not “new” but a useful one that has found its way back into the app.
Fig 18. Audio keyframes.
In the image above, audio keyframes have been set to reduce the volume during certain parts of the project. It could be that after the volume changes, the overall volume needs to be boosted or cut to improve the mix or to meet delivery requirements.
With the clip or clips selected, choose an option from the Modify menu. Absolute would be the option you would choose if you needed the entire clip the same volume. An absolute volume change would wipe out any keyframes previously set.
Fig. 19. New volume adjustment commands
With relative selected, the dashboard changes prompting keypad entry. The numbers entered are in decibels and Final Cut assumes positive number by default. Type a minus before the number if you want to reduce the volume by a relative amount.
Fig 20. Relative volume adjustment.
There are also some big changes to the Voice Over tool, (formerly Record Audio). There is now a useful countdown feature so you know when the audio will be “punching in” at the playhead location.
Fig 21. The revamped Voiceover tool.
Even better, after you've recorded the first take, each subsequent take gets placed into an audition clip allowing you to choose the best performance or read.
Fig 22. Voiceover takes placed into an audition clip.
Other New Features
XML 1.4
The Export Project XML and Export Event XML commands have been combined into a single Export XML command - this single file contains the information for the selected event (or library) and all the projects it contains. This is version 1.4 and has support for new data types. While you can use XML to share projects with other editors, its primary purpose has always been for sending off projects to third party software like DaVinci Resolve and Autodesk Smoke. To share projects with other editors we recommend using a Transfer Library - a process which we explain in detail in our Media Management tutorial, which has been written from scratch based on Final Cut Pro 10.1.2.
Keyframing Improvements
Keyframing has been improved so that if you have position keyframes with the same values at different points in time, you shouldn't see any movement between them - although I personally have still found ways to make this happen. Linear and smooth interpolations should now be applied both spatially and temporally, resulting in smoother animations.
ProRes 4444 XQ
Final Cut Pro 10.1.2 supports the new ProRes flavored called 4444 XQ, intended for high-end production work.
More
You can now delete your preferences files automatically by holding down the Option and Command keys when launching Final Cut.
Synchronizing clips is faster and more accurate.
If you shoot with ARRI cameras containing custom 3D LUTs, those are imported and can be viewed as realtime effects.
If you work with large libraries, you should find that they open, close, and copy faster.
And while sharing 4K videos to YouTube has been there, you can now do the same when publishing to Vimeo.
Conclusion
As you can see, there have been a lot of improvements made in this latest version of Final Cut Pro 10.1.2. If you want to get a better understanding of how to work with your media in Final Cut, check out our three free lessons from our brand new Media Management tutorial.
Or, check out the full tutorial, which covers many media management scenarios you are likely to encounter, here:
It's that time of the month again, time for “Indie Speculative Fiction of the Month”.
So what is “Indie Speculative Fiction of the Month”? It's a round-up of speculative fiction by indie authors (plus one small press book) newly published this month, though some January books I missed the last time around snuck in as well. The books are arranged in alphabetical order by author. So far, all the links only go to Amazon.com, though I may add other retailer for future editions.
Again, we have a broad spectrum of books, ranging from epic fantasy via paranormal romance and urban fantasy all the way to space opera and hard science fiction. There are books for all age ranges, from YA to some very dark and adult works. I know all of the authors at least vaguely and have read other works by several of them. However, I haven't read the books themselves, so Caveat emptor.
And now on to the books:
Ascension by Stacy Claflin
Two hot guys want to marry Alexis. One is Alrekur, a three thousand year old vampire who has waited his entire life for her. The other is the love she has waited for, Cliff.
The prophecies say she'll choose the ancient vampire, and they are never wrong, but Alexis is determined to find a loophole. When she is forced to spend time with Alrekur and begins to see his charm, she is torn. Her heart still belongs to Cliff, but would it be so awful if the prophecies were fulfilled?
Other books in the series:
Deception (#1), Betrayal (#2), Forgotten (#3), Silent Bite (#3.5), Fallen (Prequel), A Long Time Coming (Short Story)
Death Defying by Nina Croft
Captain Tannis of the starship El Cazador is part snake, part human, and—according to some—all bitch. She is one job away from her lifelong goal—to achieve the immortality she craves. The assignment: protecting the most powerful man in the Universe.
After five hundred years, Callum Meridian, founding member of the Collective, is bored out of his mind. Until he realizes he's physically changing—into what, he isn't sure. Callum is determined to discover the truth, but his own people will stop at nothing to prevent it from coming out.
With a coup brewing and the crew of El Cazador close to tossing him off the ship, Callum turns to Tannis. Sparks fly as they work together to make it out alive. But can Callum really trust the one woman hell bent on using him? Defying death has never been more dangerous, more sexy, or more fun.
Come Back by Cian Garrett
Come Back is a single-author speculative fiction short story collection.
* A long-haul trucker has to deal with a small town sheriff's sudden interest and attention. Come Back is a 2700-word speculative fiction short story with a dash of hillbilly horror and language.
* A poor teenager finally convinces his mom to buy him the latest in HUD contacts. Contacts is a 3300-word speculative fiction short story with a dash of high school and language.
* A weary traveler just wants a good night's rest but instead faces the garage band from hell. Garage Band is a 2000-word speculative fiction short story with a dash of cosmic horror and language.
* Two jaded detectives have to investigate a murder but the body has gone missing. Body Men is a 4400-word speculative fiction short story with a dash of comic mystery and language.
Lump of Flesh by Cian Garrett
Lump of Flesh is a single-author speculative fiction short story collection.
* A college student tries to convince her classmates that the cysts behind their ears serve a sinister purpose. Lump of Flesh is a 3900-word speculative fiction short story with a bit of blood and language.
* Two good old boys decide to make a little extra money robbing graves. Resurrectionists is a 4600-word speculative fiction short story with a bit of black humor and language.
* A man too lazy to exercise is “motivated” by his talking shoes. Running Shoes is a 3300-word speculative fiction short story with a bit of humor and language.
NightmarZ: Squid Row by Irma Geddon
You could say Gabrielle has had a hard time the past few days: she's been committed to a psychiatric hospital, beaten, abused, but mostly she's been thrown around and hurt by her own nightmares.
Thanks to Parfait, a handsome young lawyer who has taken her under his wing, Gabrielle is now free to learn more about her curse, and her ability to fight her nightmares has increased dramatically.
But when Parfait, who has already risked his life to rescue her, takes the blame for her injuries, what heart-wrenching decision will she have to take?
NIGHTMARZ: SQUID ROW is episode 3 of the Z Series, and is about 11,000 words long (around 44 pages).
For new readers, the first episode is NIGHTMARZ: ASYLUM, part 2 is NIGHTMARZ: PARFAIT, both of which are free right now. Please make sure you read them in order.
The whole series is intended for an adult audience. It contains foul language, disturbing scenes of sex or violence, and may trigger panic attacks.
Dark Expanse by Theresa Kay
In a world of military space stations, planetary jumps and alien offensives, Eva Braebel's life has never been easy. She's small. She's female. And she earned the ire of a powerful General at a young age. With hard work and the support of her friends, she achieves more than she ever dreamed possible: A position as flight squadron leader and the man that she loves by her side.
Eva just got everything she's ever wanted, but how long can she keep it?
This is a short story of approximately 10,500 words. Contains some foul language, mild violence and non-explicit sex scenes.
A Changeling's Tale by Morgan Kegan
Being the new girl in high school is hard enough. What if you had to hide being a faerie, too?
I'm Siobhan Miller. I'm the new sophomore in my Tennessee hill-country high school—and a faerie changeling. The normal changes a girl goes through on her way to becoming a woman are awkward enough. Try adding developing golden eyes, pointed ears, and feet like a wolf's paws to that. Yeah, pretty awkward. I blame my Irish ancestors. The faerie ones.
After centuries, the veil separating our world from Faerie is thinning again, and magic is returning. Having magical powers is pretty cool, particularly when they let me hide my differences behind illusion and have an actual life.
My best friend and heart sister, Katie, helps to keep my secret. I need her help, what with dealing with first love, a jealous rival, and the mean senior girls clique at school.
And if that's not enough to worry about, creatures are crossing over from Faerie, and I'm not talking cute, harmless Tinker Bell here. I have to stop them, and fast, before they reveal my secret to the world.
A Changeling's Tale is a Young Adult Urban Fantasy. It contains a moderate amount of the realistic language teens hear in high school, even though we might wish they didn't.
Echoes by Therin Knite
Washington
District of Columbia
United Republic of Earth
2712
Twenty-three-year-old Adem Adamend has it rough. His name is ludicrous. His friends are few. And the only thing his “kid genius” status has gotten him at the Interdistrict Bureau of Intelligence is a boatload of extra work with no credit in sight.
Then hotshot lawyer Victor Manson is burned to death in his own back yard, and Adem finds himself using his unique skills to piece together the strangest crime he's ever seen. Strange because the only possible suspect Adem can pin the murder on…is a mythical beast. A dragon.
Before Adem can unravel the mystery of Manson's death, the Bureau loses jurisdiction to the secretive EDPA, an organization that investigates weird and deadly events. But Adem isn't one for giving up, so he takes it upon himself to delve deeper into EDPA's machinations, into the series of unfortunate events that led to Manson's demise.
And what he finds may change the way he views the world — and himself — forever.
What do you do when a killer can hide behind his dreams?
What do you do when a murder weapon ceases to exist?
And how do you stop a villain who can conjure up nightmares and burn you from the Earth in the blink of an eye?
Adem Adamend is about to find out.
Oranje by Jack Lusted
The fate of billions will rest in the hands of a few.
In the region of September, the planet Oranje has been devastated, its population wiped out in a merciless attack.
The rest of September is distracted by the imminent war between the Arausio Republic and the Union of Nine, blind to everything else. Only the Curators, reclusive protectors of the Net that connects all of humanity, know the truth. Oranje is just the prelude to a full-scale invasion.
There is only one option: they must send out the Three to warn September, if people will listen. Few trust the Curators, but there are some, tired of the wars between the Union and the Republic, who can help stop this threat.
If the Three fail, all planets will suffer the same fate as Oranje. The future of September is in their hands.
Flameseeker by R.M. Prioleau
At the aurorium of the Firelord, Ignis, Kaijin Sora finally feels a sense of belonging for the first time in many years. But when a conspiracy befalls the clergy, Kaijin is once again tasked with making things right.
His journey will take him throughout his homeland of Aransiya, across the sea, and into the harsh desertlands of Ankhram, where he must find and stop the traitor.
Faced with choices, darkness, and even death, Kaijin assumes the role of his master's chosen and realizes that the fire that burns in his heart will become the true purveyor of justice.
Flameseeker is the conclusion of an epic fantasy adventure of thrills, mystery, and love.
Book 3 of The Pyromancer Trilogy, following Firebrand and Enflamed.
Drawing Down the Shades by Juli D. Revezzo
Business can be hell…
Life is good at Starfort Collectibles until the owners, Caitlin and Trevor Fulmer, acquire a beautiful statuette with a murky past. Shortly thereafter, mysterious hauntings wreak havoc on the couple when a ghost in the attic threatens retribution. Caitlin presses her coven for help before the ghost succeeds in meting out deadly punishment—on Trevor.
Part Three of the Antique Magic series, following The Artist's Inheritance and Caitlin's Book of Shadows.
Against the Rising Force by Endi Webb
40 years ago, the Corsican Empire invaded Earth, just in time for Emperor Justinian's Golden Jubilee.
Now, in 2675, the Resistance rises again, but the enemy strikes first, taking fighter pilot Lieutenant Jacob Mercer by surprise. As he flies out to meet the enemy, he learns of the existence of a secret that could change the course of the war.
A secret that might mean a quick end to the fighting, or a quick death for them all.
.
Darkness Defied by Endi Webb
The Terran uprising against the Corsican Empire has gone far better than expected. But now, as the Resistance turns its sights on Mars, Lieutenant Jacob Mercer discovers a deadly battlestation in orbit around the red planet, preventing any approach by the Resistance cruisers. Jake and his fellow fighter pilots will have to assault the Imperial Strike force alone, without cruiser support, while under constant heavy fire from the gargantuan station.
Against the Rising Force and Darkness Defied are the first two parts in short story trilogy Prelude to Resistance, which paves the way for The Pax Humana Saga, a ten part series of novels set for release in March 2014.
Send to Kindle
Like this: Like Loading...
The time is finally upon us! Yesterday marks the official beginning of Big Brother 19 with cast reveal!. The cast is comprised of 16 new house guests that have a wide range of age and diversity. The BB fandom has been up in arms today about this new cast. Some love it, some hate it, but personally I think it is a great cast. Based off of the bios and interviews with Big Jeff today, all of these players seem actually pretty smart. They feel real unlike house guests from the previous two seasons. Those seasons had a lot of people playing up to the cameras and trying to be that crazy character that America would fall in love with. This year there are a few of those, but even they generally seem like they aren't total buffoons. One of the great things about this cast too is I really think any of these house guests could win. In fact, I am even hesitant to make a winner pick right now just because I think the playing field is going to be so level.
This is how I am going to do these cast reviews this week. Instead of just jamming everyone's all into one piece making it overly long. I am going to be doing two a day. I think that will serve nicely and then I will repost them the day of the premiere.
\
Josh Martinez, 23, Haircare Sale You know how I said that all of these people had somewhat level heads? Well this is the one exception. This guy was absolutely all over the place in his interview. Josh is down to lie and backstab to get to the money. His game plan is to align with someone that isn't impulsive like him so they can reel him back a little bit. He also thinks he doesn't have any weaknesses. Well buddy, I hate to tell you, but you as a whole are a weakness when it comes to Big Brother. This guy is going to be such a beautiful train wreck in this house. He is pretty much the only one out of this cast that is so eager to get to play. Everyone knows that in the BB house, you really have to take your time easing into the game. If you come out guns a blazing then you are going to be the first one evicted. This will most likely be the case for Josh. If he wins, HoH first though, which isn't out of the realm of possibility, buckle your seat belts because this guy is going to go on such a power trip. If this guy doesn't go first or second this season, than I will be shocked. Either way, this guy is going to provide us with a great week or two of feeds.
Jillian Parker, 24, Time Share Sales Rep I am a little torn on Jillian. I really loved her personality and I think she could be really fun this season. She is going to rely on her social game to get her far because she doesn't think she will be the best at the physical challenges, but her mind that is a-okay. Her plan will be to align with both the girls and the guys, but her main loyalty will be on the guys. This will help keep her safe and she will have all of these meat shields in front of her. The problem is it seems that everyone wants to play a similar game. The girls mostly said that they want to align with the strong guys and almost everyone wants to start the game off under the radar. There is too many people in this house that there is no way they will all be able to skate by. Will Jillian be one of those people that can pull it off? I think so. Jillian seems smart and knows how to work really well with people. I think she is going to try to steer clear of the drama, but she could be prone to fights just like her BB Idol Daniele Donato. Pre-game strategies hardly ever work out in the Big Brother house, but I think Jillian is on the right track.
Summary: Researchers are embarking on a new study to answer how some people are able to stay sharper than others as they age.
Source: UCLA.
Look closely at the brain scans below, and one of the first things you notice is how the ventricles – the dark, butterfly shapes in the middle of the brain — are much larger in the image labeled “old” than in the image labeled “young.” (The scans are from a 38-year-old and a 73-year-old.) You can see more darkness between the folds of the older brain and in the spaces between the brain and the skull.
The darker areas are where cerebral spinal fluid is filling the empty spaces created by a shrinking, aging brain. We all lose brain tissue as we age, and scientists have been trying to discover how much this tissue loss effects our ability to think and remember.
“How do some people manage to stay sharp and what are the factors that predict who is going to stay sharp? Do they make better, more efficient use of the brain cells they have?” asks Susan Bookheimer, the Joaquin Fuster Professor of Cognitive Neuroscience at UCLA. “Is there a richer, more elaborative, connected network? We honestly have no idea.”
Bookheimer and colleagues at UCLA and three other sites in the U.S. hope to help scientists answer these questions about the brain's connections by creating a massive, public database of brain information. Over the next two years, each site will scan the brains of 300 healthy people ranging in age from 35 to over 100, collect cognitive data and measurements such as blood pressure, hormone levels and body mass index. Two years later, they'll re-scan everyone, allowing them to document changes.
The project, launched this spring, is called the Lifespan Human Connectome Project Aging (HCP-A) Study and is sponsored by the National Institutes of Health. It's an extension of the Human Connectome Project involving more than 1,100 healthy young adults ages 22-35. “Connectome” refers to the mapping of connections, or wiring, between brain regions.
“You know those maps you'll get from an airline, showing where the hubs are and the flights between the hubs? The brain is kind of like that, too,” says Bookheimer, principal investigator for the UCLA arm of the study.
The images collected will include ordinary MRIs that depict brain structure; MRI-based “diffusion imaging,” which shows, in colorful detail, the brain's white matter tracts; and functional MRI, which measures brain activity by detecting changes associated with blood flow.
To decide which biological samples and testing data to collect, Bookheimer had many discussions with colleagues at Washington University in St. Louis, the University of Minnesota and Massachusetts General Hospital. They evaluated which measures were the most sensitive, reliable and valuable.
Bookheimer advocated for putting menopause under the microscope. Many women report memory problems associated with menopause, and post-menopausal women are at greater risk of getting Alzheimer's disease, suggesting a possible association between estrogen and Alzheimer's disease.
“Is it really hormone-related? We don't really have that much data on that,” Bookheimer says. “This will be one of the first attempts to really, systematically study the effect of menopause on the brain.”
About this neuroscience research article
Source: UCLA
Image Source: NeuroscienceNews.com image is adapted from the UCLA news release.
Original Research: For information about volunteering, visit the HCP Aging study's recruitment page.
Cite This NeuroscienceNews.com Article
MLA
APA
Chicago UCLA “Why Do Some People Stay Sharp As They Age?.” NeuroscienceNews. NeuroscienceNews, 10 August 2017.
<http://neurosciencenews.com/Why Do Some People Stay Sharp As They Age?/>. UCLA (2017, August 10). Why Do Some People Stay Sharp As They Age?. NeuroscienceNew. Retrieved August 10, 2017 from http://neurosciencenews.com/Why Do Some People Stay Sharp As They Age?/ UCLA “Why Do Some People Stay Sharp As They Age?.” http://neurosciencenews.com/Why Do Some People Stay Sharp As They Age?/ (accessed August 10, 2017).
Feel free to share this Neuroscience News.
The idea that one needs powerful philosophical theories to settle [whether there are gods, witches or ghosts] might be called the “philosophy fallacy.” [P]eople are particularly prey to it in religious discussions, both theist and atheist alike; indeed, atheists often get trapped into doing far more, far riskier philosophy than they need (247-248).
The post title comes from an essay by Georges Rey [1], in which he discusses what he calls the "philosophy fallacy":
[T]he reasons for atheism are obvious, not depending upon some subtle metaphysics, or sophisticated theories of knowledge (of which, if the truth be known, no remotely adequate examples are available anyway). The errors in the standard arguments for the existence of God are ones that can be easily appreciated by anyone with an average high-school education (247). [2]
In my experience, Rey's contention bears out. I've never encountered a theological argument that (once I understood it, at least) didn't strike me as just obviously wrong. Even in a case where providing an exact diagnosis can be tricky (e.g., Anselm's ontological argument), that there is some kind of infirmity is manifest (in the case of Anselm's argument, for instance, that it proves too much).
And yet risky philosophy abounds in the philosophy of religion. There are many plausible reasons for its perseverance: Philosophical interest in some kinds of abstract arguments [3]; an intellectual need to address all possible, marginal challenges to one's views; a psychological need to rationalize one's current, settled views in the face of such challenges; a sociological desire to show that one's views are intellectually defensible; and so forth.
One thing seems near-certain, though: It can't reasonably be aimed at changing anyone's mind.
If you look among the testimonials posted at the Internet Infidels website, for instance, you'll find the authors cite various forces that moved them to apostatize: The evils witnessed in combat (Eric Tallberg); the gradual recognition of the apparent absurdities that abound in the Bible (Amanda Avellone, Farrell Till); the commonsense musings of general philosophers (Dan Barker); the plain contradictions between common-sense personal morality and the less-commonly advertised teachings of the Bible (Mark Vuletic, Ken Daniels, Kenneth Nahigian, Edward T. Babinski, Ian J. Carr, B. Steven Matthies); the dawning appreciation of science and the basic demand for evidence (Raymond D. Bradley, Robert M. Price, Kendall Hobbs; Richard Carrier ); the apparent conflict between religions (Clark Davis Adams); personal encounters with friendly, decent atheists (G. Vincent Runyon ); and/or all of the above. No risky philosophy there.
A similar pattern shows up in the testimonials contained in the Louise Antony volume [4]: Stewart Shapiro's belief "snapped" when he heard that David Vetter died, having lived all but the final moments of his life entirely deprived of the touch of another human (3); Joseph Levine's aggregate doubts crystalized during college, when he realized he'd simply "lost all of [his] religious beliefs" (19); Daniel Garber's encounters with the religious traditions of others that suggested to him the arbitrariness of his own (35); along similar lines, Walter Sinnott-Armstrong was gradually struck by the inherent arbitrariness of the common Biblical narratives (72); key to Edwin Curley's growing incredulity was the unfairness of his church's embrace of the doctrine of predestination (80-81); Marvin Belzer came to rue the accidental quality of religious belief--that some will never even hear the stories, and others are constituted so as to find those stories incredible (96); and Louise Antony's gradual conversion came to a head in her first college philosophy class, a forum that finally allowed her the freedom do ask the sorts of questions she (and others) had anxiously suppressed all of her life (50-51). Nope, not there either.
What about belief change in the other direction -- in the direction of greater credulity? The situation there is even starker. "Conversion" experiences seem to be entirely driven by emotion, usually stemming from a personal crisis. [5] Take a gander at most any website that features testimonials from "born-agains," and you'll see what I mean. [6] There is very little room in the conversion process for even low-level intellection, and none at all for risky philosophy.
In sum, risky philosophy does not appear ever to have brought about even a quantum of belief change. You will probably search in vain for a (de)conversion testimonial that cites anything like, say, Goedel's proof, and by the time you are reading Quentin Smith or Alvin Plantinga, your views are either (1) pretty well settled or else (2) already on their way to changing without the help of Quentin Smith or Alvin Plantinga. When minds change, in either direction, it is in view of much more concrete considerations -- the problem of life's meaning, the problem of death, the problem of suffering, the problem of God's storied cruelty.
But all that means is that risky philosophy doesn't do any persuasive work at the object level. So how come it's "risky"? For an answer to that, you'll have to read Part II. Until then...
UPDATE: Continued at "Risky Philosophy - Part II."
NOTES:
1. Rey, G., "Meta-Atheism: Religious Avowal as Self-Deception," in Shapiro S., et al., Philosophers Without Gods: Meditations on Atheism and the Secular Life. Antony, L. ed. 2007. New York: Oxford University Press.
2. Parenthetically, Rey addresses a possible objection: "Of course, sophisticated versions of the arguments take sophistication to work through. But, naturally, the more sophisticated they are, the less likely they play a role in ordinary religious thought" (247).
3. In his essay "Reasonable Religious Disagreements" in the same volume, Richard Feldman observes, "I found the arguments about the existence of God philosophically interesting, but studying them did nothing to change my beliefs" (195).
4. Id.
5. I would exclude from the category of "conversion" a case like that of Antony Flew, not least because the view he currently expresses is a vague form of deism, which share any theological charge or therapeutic aim with mainstream religion.
6. See here, for example. It might appear that I'm loading the dice here by comparing the de-conversion stories of top philosophers with the conversion stories of (ostensibly less reflective) lay people. But the kind of visceral, anintellectual motivations you see described in the referenced site dovetail perfectly well with the conversion experience account of someone like William Lane Craig (at least as I recall his telling it; I don't have a quotation to hand). Besides which, the stats on conversion on their own appear to back up the strong claim that de-conversion is driven by intellection while conversion is driven by personal crisis and emotional need. See, e.g., pages 138-142 in Spilka, Bernard, et al., The Psychology of Religion: An Empirical Approach. Guildford Press. 2003.
August 22, 2014 - A new study finds a wide range of epigenetic changes--alterations in DNA across the genome that may be related to key environmental exposures--in children with Crohn's disease (CD), reports Inflammatory Bowel Diseases, official journal of the Crohn's & Colitis Foundation of America (CCFA). The journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, a part of Wolters Kluwer Health.
The study provides "compelling evidence" of alterations of DNA in several regions of the genome in children with CD, according to Professor Jack Satsangi of University of Edinburgh and colleagues. In addition to providing new insights into how genes and the environment interact, the results may have early implications for clinical management of CD.
Epigenetic Changes in Childhood-Onset Crohn's Disease
The researchers performed a "genome-wide" study in children with newly diagnosed CD, before any treatment, to look for possible epigenetic changes that may affect gene behavior. Epigenetic changes reflect the impact of a wide range of environmental factors on genes.
The results showed strong evidence of such changes at 65 different sites across the genome. Nineteen sites showed clustering of epigenetic changes, pointing at genetic pathways that might be relevant to CD development.
Similar patterns were present in a separate group of children who had been treated for CD, as well as in a group of treated adults.
The study highlighted "highly significant" changes in two specific gene locations (loci), which include genes responsible for immune and cellular functions that could contribute to the development of CD. Two probes for these loci were highly accurate in predicting which children would have CD, providing a potentially useful "biomarker" for use as a diagnostic test.
'Exciting and Immediate Implications' for Clinical Management
One specific gene location seemed particularly important, as it has been implicated in a number of different cancers, including colorectal cancer. The same area has a known role in the development of T-cells, a key type of immune cell.
The study also identified a number of other loci that might play a role in the development of CD, warranting further study.
The new research adds to the growing body of evidence of epigenetic changes in diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis, multiple sclerosis, type 2 diabetes, and obesity. The findings highlight the importance of combining information on DNA changes, genes, and gene expression in future studies of these and other complex diseases, Dr Satsangi and colleagues believe.
Crohn's disease is a painful, medically incurable illness that may attack anywhere along the digestive system. Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis, which involves only the large intestine (colon), are the two main types of inflammatory bowel disease. Some 1.4 million American adults and children suffer from CD or ulcerative colitis.
Although much more research is needed to understand the epigenetic changes, the investigators believe their findings could lead to advances in clinical management of childhood-onset CD in the near future. They write, "There are exciting and immediate implications for early clinical translation; the discovery of easily accessible biomarkers in peripheral blood to predict disease susceptibility, progression or response to therapy and the potential for new therapeutic targets."
###
Click here to read "Two-stage Genome-wide Methylation Profiling in Childhood-onset Crohn's Disease Implicates Epigenetic Alterations at the VMP1/MIR21 and HLA Loci."
Note to editors: For further information, contact Erin Stoeber, Vice President of Marketing & Communications for the CCFA: phone 646-327-3746 or e-mail estoeber@ccfa.org">estoeber@ccfa.org.
About Inflammatory Bowel Diseases Inflammatory Bowel Diseases brings the most current information in clinical and basic sciences to physicians caring for patients with inflammatory bowel diseases, and investigators performing research in IBD and related fields. Each issue contains cutting-edge original basic science and clinical articles on diagnosis, treatment, and management of IBD from clinicians and researchers around the world. Coverage includes articles highlighting the unique and important issues in pediatric IBD, as well as articles pertaining to adult patients.
About CCFA
The Crohn's & Colitis Foundation of America (CCFA) is the largest voluntary non-profit health organization dedicated to finding cures for Inflammatory Bowel Diseases (IBD). CCFA's mission is to cure Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis, and to improve the quality of life of children and adults who suffer from these diseases. The Foundation works to fulfill its mission by funding research, providing educational resources for patients and their families, medical professionals, and the public, and furnishing supportive services for those afflicted with IBD. For more information, visit http://www. ccfa. org , call 888-694-8872, like us on Facebook, or follow us on Twitter.
About Wolters Kluwer Health
Wolters Kluwer Health is a leading global provider of information, business intelligence and point-of-care solutions for the healthcare industry. Serving more than 150 countries worldwide, clinicians rely on Wolters Kluwer Health's market leading information-enabled tools and software solutions throughout their professional careers from training to research to practice. Major brands include Health Language®, Lexicomp®, Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Medicom®, Medknow, Ovid®, Pharmacy OneSource®, ProVation® Medical and UpToDate®.
Wolters Kluwer Health is part of Wolters Kluwer, a market-leading global information services company. Wolters Kluwer had 2013 annual revenues of €3.6 billion ($4.7 billion), employs approximately 19,000 people worldwide, and maintains operations in over 40 countries across Europe, North America, Asia Pacific, and Latin America.maintains operations in over 40 countries across Europe, North America, Asia Pacific, and Latin America. Wolters Kluwer is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn, the Netherlands. Its shares are quoted on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).
Follow our official Twitter handle: @WKHealth.
In a city where "bulldozer-bait" homes can fetch close to $3 million, Vancouver's chief planner is faced with a choice that could shape the city for decades to come.
Are up to 12,000 pre-1940 homes — an immense swath of the city's housing supply — worth preserving at the expense of a younger generation of people who feel they'll never be able to afford them?
Thousands of detached homes are being included in the character home zoning review. (CBC)
"We've sort of poked a hornet's nest," Gil Kelley told CBC News in front of a nicely restored home a few blocks from city hall.
Four months into his new job, the former city planner of San Francisco and Portland, Ore., acknowledged he's been buffeted by complaints about Vancouver's character home review.
Homes considered to have 'character' have an old fashioned look. (CBC)
Freeze creativity
Many homeowners, developers, pro-density groups and even key heritage advocates are all pushing back hard against the "preservationist" plan now under discussion.
The proposal would discourage owners from demolishing pre-1940s houses that the city deems to have character value.
Any new home built on the site would have to be significantly smaller, a move that would limit development options.
Gil Kelley, Vancouver's chief planner, says the character home review has proven more controversial than anticipated. (Chris Corday/CBC)
In return for keeping the old home and fixing it up, the city would grant some extra space for renovations and a larger secondary unit or laneway home on the same lot.
Many argue the plan will not only freeze creativity in some of the city's nicest, priciest neighbourhoods, it will also become far more difficult for the city to build up so-called gentle density, such as townhouses, duplexes and family-focused housing that is now missing and desperately needed.
Plastic orange fencing, often the mark of a home that's about to be torn down, is an increasingly common sight in Vancouver neighbourhoods. (Chris Corday/CBC)
"The younger generation is feeling squeezed out," Kelley said.
"So opening up new options for affordability and different living option choices for them is really critical — even as people here who are older are trying to hang on to what they already know."
Roughly 1,000 homes are torn down every year in Vancouver. At least two-thirds of them were built before 1940.
Hence the urgency from the preservation lobby for the city to move fast to protect what's still standing.
Owners feel punished
There are already similar character guidelines in effect in one neighbourhood, Grandview-Woodlands, but resident Siobhan Jackson says they've taken a toll on property values.
"The real data on the house next door is that it reduced the value by 15 per cent," said Jackson, whose neighbour's house was re-listed and sold for less money after the city determined it has "character features" on the exterior.
Siobhan Jackson is concerned about preserving the value of her property. (Tristan Le Rudulier/CBC)
What's inside?
"I didn't see there was room for other factors to be considered. Is the home safe? Will it fall down in an earthquake? We are actually now putting people in homes that may not be safe," she told CBC News.
Many of the homes included in the character review are nicely restored and maintained, but others are simply old. (Chris Corday/CBC) While many homeowners have seen property values soar in recent years , Jackson says it's unfair to make hard-working families who've struggled to get into in this market pay such a high price for a proposal that's overly broad.
The city already has a heritage registry that includes some 2,200 homes with some form of historical significance.
The designation makes them harder to tear down. But in exchange, owners can receive some compensation for maintaining them, such as relaxed bylaws to allow additions.
What many now consider 'character homes' line the city's residential streets in this archival photo from 1939. (City of Vancouver Archives) The "character" designation would capture many more properties, regardless of their structural integrity or the owner's ability to renovate them.
Gentle density needed
Perhaps the most intense resistance has come from pro-density groups that argue building less on expensive land is counterintuitive when more housing stock is badly needed.
Hear Abundant Housing Vancouver members talk about the character home review. 1:03 "There's a whole lot of land in this town, but most of it is zoned for low-density family homes," said Brendan Dawe of Abundant Housing Vancouver , a group of housing activists who've been coming to council meetings to push back against the dominance of single-family homes in Vancouver zoning rules.
"It's not that we're against character at all. We just want to be able to live in those homes," said Rachael Selinger, who joined a packed kitchen table discussion on the character review in an east Vancouver condo.
The city is hoping more people will buy and renovate character homes like this. (Chris Corday/CBC) The group wants to see more duplexes and townhouses in single-family home neighbourhoods, but fears protecting so many older homes will make that all but impossible.
Stepping back
Kelley, the planner at the centre of the supercharged debate, hinted he's being swayed by those who argue saving older homes won't help a new generation.
"We have to step back and re-calibrate the program," he told CBC News. "We've got to go neighbourhood by neighbourhood
"If it's a teardown, would we allow replacement with a duplex?"
Four residential areas of Vancouver, including 12,000 pre-1940 homes, are included in the review. (CBC)
Kelley never answered his own question, but for Vancouver's traditional single-family neighbourhoods — 65 to 80 per cent of the city — that could signal the first tentative step towards a realignment.
In evaluating the best strategies to save the city's past, he acknowledges the process ended up underscoring the difficulties of living here in the present.
It's never a good sign when the leader of a country just emerging from decades of repressive rule puts on a military uniform, stands with a group of his nation's top generals, and makes some rather thinly veiled threats to his political opponents.
“Your tongue is the reason for war. If you still make insults and threats to kill, you have to prepare your coffin,” Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen said on June 21. “To protect the peace for millions of people, if necessary, 100 or 200 must be eliminated. Please listen carefully. ... Whoever intends to undermine peace will receive what you deserve.”
The prime minister delivered the speech at a 40th-anniversary commemoration of the day he decided to defect from the Khmer Rouge army and organize rebel forces that eventually defeated the genocidal regime of Pol Pot. Hun made the speech wearing his military uniform — a rarity for him — and while flanked by his top military commanders.
#Cambodia's Hun Sen is definitely not mellowing with age, again warning opponents to "prepare your coffin" https://t.co/OPXkpPiv66 pic.twitter.com/rbWcdmBglC — Sebastian Strangio (@sstrangio) June 22, 2017
Hun, who has ruled Cambodia for 32 years, also made clear that power over Cambodia is, and will continue to be, in the hands of his family. This remains to be seen, especially given the upcoming general election in 2018, which could pose a serious threat to Hun's Cambodian People's Party.
All three of Hun's sons occupy positions in the administration; two are high-ranking officials in the military, and one is a lawmaker in the National Assembly.
“There is an attempt to destroy the Hun family,” the leader said, with his sons standing behind him. “The Hun family is not the family for you to attack for fun.”
Hun's threats are not new, but they should really be taken seriously
These remarks are just the latest in a series of menacing speeches that Hun has delivered throughout the local elections, which concluded June 4. Last month, he threatened to wage war on opposition leaders if they led post-election protests. He has also vowed to “smash the teeth” of anyone who incites civil unrest.
Cambodia has organized national elections since 1993, though it has been virtually impossible for any other political party to challenge the CPP's rule, until now. In 2013, despite even more intimidation and electoral manipulation than in previous years, the Cambodia National Rescue Party, which is the main opposition party, managed to take 22 seats from the CPP in the National Assembly, giving them a total of 55 out of 123 positions.
The CPP still managed to keep their parliamentary majority in 2013, but now they're coming up against an even more aggressive CNRP, who have worked for the past five years to galvanize the country's large youth population.
Earlier this month, Cambodia held local elections that were seen as a key indicator of how the two rival parties would do in the more important general elections scheduled for 2018. According to preliminary counts, Hun's party received 51 percent of the popular vote, down from 60 percent in 2012; the CNRP got 46 percent of the vote, up from 30 percent in 2012.
Local elections in Cambodia aren't typically seen as that important, but the buildup of opposition forces in the past few years made this one markedly different. Close to 90 percent of registered voters participated in these elections — the highest turnout in Cambodia's history. Hun even hit the ground to campaign, attending his first political rally since 1998.
So when the official election results are released June 25, they'll be closely scrutinized as a litmus test for next year's general election. If the CNRP can build on their gains to secure a majority in the 123-seat National Assembly, they'll push Hun's CCP out of power for the first time in 38 years.
Hun has made it clear that he's willing to use violence to stop this from happening, and given his track record, this isn't an empty threat.
In the lead-up to this election, opposition supporters have been assaulted and journalists jailed. The most dramatic incident was the murder of political commentator and prominent government critic Kem Ley, who was shot in broad daylight. Not only has Hun denied that his government was behind the assassination, but he has sued two people and jailed a third for suggesting that it was, reported the New York Times.
All this bodes badly for the people of Cambodia. Post-election protests in 2013 left four dead and more than 30 injured. Hun's recent death threats to opponents suggest that those numbers could climb a lot higher both in the wake of this Sunday's results and next year's general election. His talk of preparing coffins, in other words, should be taken rather literally.
Bernie Sanders is Tonya Harding. I Can't Vote for Tonya Harding.
Putting “Bernie or Bust” on Ice
Mitch Lerner Blocked Unblock Follow Jun 1, 2016
Tonya Harding and Bernie Sanders — Kneecappers
You might not remember this batshit crazy incident at the 1994 US Figure Skating Championship.
Here's what happened:
Nancy Kerrigan is practicing her routine on the ice for the US Figure Skating Championship. A man sneaks up behind her and bashes her leg with a club. Kerrigan is forced to withdraw from the competition on account of bashed leg, and Tonya Harding wins first place.
This is a big deal. Kerrigan had not only been favored to win the US Championship, she was a heavy favorite to win the Gold Medal at the Olympic Games months later. But now, with her leg bruised and battered, US hopes for Olympic gold are in doubt.
Oh, and those two guys who bashed Nancy's knee… Tonya Harding sent them. That's right, one U.S. figure skater kneecapped another. Harding knew the only chance she had at a gold medal was disqualifying the heavy favorite.
So, flash forward to the 1994 Olympics. Nancy Kerrigan has pretty much healed from her injury, and is still the best hope to bring the United States a gold medal in figure skating. She performs a nearly perfect routine, and everybody agrees that it's a miracle she's recovered so beautifully.
But. She is not 100% recovered. She does not win. She gets a silver medal, and Ukraine takes the gold.
_____
My plan since the start of primary season had been this:
Vote for Bernie Sanders in California's Democratic Primary in order to voice my support for him, his ideals, and a more liberal Democratic Party platform. Cheer like hell for Bernie when he gives his speech at the Democratic Convention. Fight like hell to help Hillary Clinton become the nation's first female President.
Then, this happened:
The New York Times reported on May 18 that “While Mr. Sanders says he does not want Mr. Trump to win in November, his advisers and allies say he is willing to do some harm to Mrs. Clinton in the shorter term if it means he can capture a majority of the 475 pledged delegates at stake in California and arrive at the Philadelphia convention with maximum political power.”
Plus, the Sanders campaign's senior advisor, Tad Devine, confirmed that their camp is “Not thinking about” the possibility that they could permanently hurt Clinton as a candidate.
So. In order to increase his own standing and power, Bernie is willing to kneecap Hillary going into the general election.
The problem with this strategy is this:
Like it or not, Hillary Clinton is the Democratic Nominee. She is the only Democrat — or liberal/progressive/non-Trump person — who can win the Presidency. She is the only chance the United States has at Olympic Gold. She is Nancy Kerrigan.
Nancy Kerrigan and Hillary Clinton: Our Only Hopes
And Donald Fucking Trump is Ukrainian skater Oksana Baiul (with apologies to Oksana Baiul) — an underestimated but fierce competitor who could win the competition if his opponent is not as strong as she possibly can be.
At this point, Bernie Sanders has no mathematically relevant chance at the Democratic nomination. But his team — Progressives, Liberals, U.S. Figure Skating — has a great chance to win.
In this contest, the competition is not a petite Ukranian. It is a narcissistic, bigoted demagogue who is playing to the most base, tribalistic fears of our countrymen.
Oksana Baiul and Donald Trump: The scary, scary competition
And the stakes are not a piece of gold and some prestige. They are the very soul of this country.
I like Bernie Sanders. But he is now Tonya Harding. And his earnest supporters are wielding clubs on the ice, circling our only chance to stop Donald Fucking Trump.
I can't vote for Tonya Harding. And we can't afford to bust.
Daylight saving time was created to make better use of sunlight during the summer months. But in the Fall and Winter as days get shorter and nights get longer, many people experience depression. (Daron Taylor/The Washington Post)
As we get ready to change our clocks this Sunday, you might hear a lot of people railing against daylight saving time. But do they even know what they're talking about?
Daylight saving time in the United States is actually pretty complex. Sure, we all know that we "spring forward" and "fall back" with the seasons. But whether these changes actually end up making daylight hours coincide more closely with the hours that you're awake varies considerably depending on where you are in the United States.
Andy Woodruff, a cartographer, has made this amazing series of maps that shows how little most people understand about daylight saving time, but also, at the same time, clearly explains it. Personally, I discovered that I don't hate our current system as much as I thought I did. Maybe you will, too.
But let's go back for a second.
Why does the effect of daylight saving time vary so much across the United States? It's because the effect is determined by two separate things. First, there's your total daylight hours, which are just a function of your latitude. And then there's how those daylight hours correspond to the clock, which depends on your longitude.
The connection between latitude and total daylight hours is pretty straightforward. In his post, Woodruff illustrates that by way of this chart below, which appears on Wikipedia Commons. The chart is not as complicated as it first appears. New York City, D.C., Chicago and San Francisco are all within a few degrees of 40 N. So you can follow the dark blue line across to see how many hours of sunlight you have in a typical day -- eight in the depths of winter, growing to 14 at the height of the summer.
As you move closer to the equator, there is a lot less seasonal variation in sunlight -- you're pretty much getting 12 or 14 hours all year-round. At the poles, of course, there's a huge variation, with no sunlight in the winter and 24 hours of sunlight in the summer.
Longitude is a little trickier. There's your time zone, of course, but there's a lot of variation within that. The farther east you are in your time zone, the earlier the sun will rise and set. In eastern Maine, the sun rises almost an hour earlier than it does in Michigan, even though they're both on Eastern Time.
Woodruff's maps put all these variables together, showing how many days of the year have reasonable sunrise and sunset times across the United States. In these maps, he defines "reasonable" sunrise and sunset times at 7 a.m. and 6 p.m. The maps are interactive, so you can visit his site and play around with those numbers if you want.
Here are how many days have sunrises before 7 a.m. if we keep our current system. On Woodruff's maps, a dark purple color means there are fewer days with sunrise before 7 a.m., while the yellow color indicates more days. As you can see, the answer varies a lot across the country, from only 36 days in western Texas to nearly the entire year in the Florida panhandle.
Andy Woodruff
Here's what that map looks like if we abolish daylight saving time year-round. Notice Americans in lots of different places would get a lot more sunlight in the morning.
Andy Woodruff
And here's what the same map would look like if we decide to use daylight saving time -- what we're starting on Sunday -- year- round. Using daylight saving time year-round would result in some darker mornings for early risers. In the western edges of several time zones, the sun would be rising after 7 a.m. on most days of the year.
Andy Woodruff
That may be enough to convince some of you that daylight saving time is a pretty bad invention. But before you decide that, let's look at the sunsets.
Here's what the sunset map looks like if we keep the current status quo of using daylight saving time in the summer but abandoning it in the winter. With the current system, all parts of the country have between 200 and 300 days where the sun sets after 6 p.m. Not too bad.
If you look closely, you can see something interesting in this map -- and the first map above. Arizona doesn't follow daylight saving time (neither do Hawaii and some U.S. territories), which is why it's colored differently. The Navajo Nation in Arizona does, and the Hopi Nation, which is surrounded by the Navajo Nation, does not -- which is why you see a small darker orange square in Arizona.
Andy Woodruff
If we abolish daylight saving time, sticking with the system we use in the winter year-round, things look a little darker. Now some parts of the country that are at the eastern edge of their time zone only see 150 or 160 days a year with sunsets after 6 p.m. To me, that seems pretty sad, but you might feel differently if you're an early riser.
Andy Woodruff
One more option. Here's what the map looks like if we use daylight saving time -- the system we use in the summer -- year-round. Almost all parts of the country have at least 230 days where the sun sets after 6 p.m., while many parts have 365. For most of us, that means fewer days leaving work in the dark.
Andy Woodruff
Here's a poster by Woodruff that summarizes these findings.
Andy Woodruff
So which one do you really prefer? Tell us in this poll:
Should we abolish daylight saving time? Voting is closed on this poll User Poll Results: What should we do about daylight saving time? Keep the current status quo Abolish daylight saving time Stick to daylight saving time year-round Pardon the interruption! We need to verify that you are an actual person. Keep the current status quo Abolish daylight saving time Stick to daylight saving time year-round View Results This is a non-scientific user poll. Results are not statistically valid and cannot be assumed to reflect the views of Washington Post users as a group or the general population.
You might also like:
The radical plan to destroy time zones
Fascinating maps show just how empty one half of the world is
Fascinating maps show the most popular running routes in 20 major cities
What's across the ocean from you when you're at the beach, in seven amazing maps
Hello and welcome to When's Melee, your weekly source for Melee tournament stream information. If you have info on other events and their streams, please reach out on Twitter (linked below) or here in the comments. Also, If you missed last weekend's Melee action, you can click here to see the results.
Combo Breaker 2016 – 5/27 – 5/29
Region: Midwest (IL, CDT)
Stream: VGBootcamp
Featuring: Duck, Kels, ESAM, Drephen, ORLY, Scythe, Triple R, trahh, Vro, Mundugu, WEBS, and more.
» Singles Pools | Doubles Bracket | Singles Top 16 | Schedule | Facebook
Friday – 5/27
Man On A Ledge 108
Region: PGH (PA, EDT)
Stream: PGHNEOHSmash
» Challonge | Schedule | Facebook | Smashboards | Website | NEOH/PGH Melee
Aurora Smash Heroes @ WIT
Region: Midwest (IL, CDT)
Stream: AuroraSmash
» Challonge | Facebook Group
Lancaster Open Smash Tournament (LOST)
Region: New England (MA, EDT)
Stream: TedGreene
» Challonge | Facebook
4 Stock Fridays
Region: Texas (CDT)
Stream: SmashBoundGG
» smash.gg: Brackets, Attendees | Facebook
Friday Night Turnip #4
Region: Socal (PDT)
Stream: TheSoftReset
» Challonge | Facebook
Saturday – 5/28
Can I Get a Duck, Iceman?
Region: PNW (OR, PDT)
Stream: UOSmash
Featuring Fat Goku, Balloon, Bird, Alien, and more.
» smash.gg: Attendees | Facebook
MMOM Bi-Monthly
Region: New England (MA, EDT)
Stream: AmesburyMelee
» Challonge | Facebook
Brotherly Love Classics IV
Region: Tri-state(PA, EDT)
Stream: bros_calamity
» smash.gg: Brackets, Attendees | Facebook
Nebulous Prime #41
Region: Tri-State (NY, EDT)
Stream: NebulousGaming (Hitbox)
» Challonge | Facebook
DIME 19
Region: Texas (CDT)
Stream: TourneyLocator
Featuring DFW's finest, peep their PR here.
» Challonge | Facebook
Sunday- 5/29
Smash For Smiles 2016
Region: PNW (WA, PDT)
Stream: UWSmash
Featuring Bladewise, eBay, Rustin, Pookie.
» smash.gg: Attendees | Facebook
We Tech those #5
Region: Georgia (EDT)
Stream: ClashKingStudios
Featuring: Druggedfox, Wenbo, and the rest of the Gorgeous Georgians.
» Challonge | Facebook
Praxis: A UChicago Quarterly Tournament
Region: Midwest (IL, CDT)
Stream: UChicagoSmash
» smash.gg: Brackets, Attendees | Facebook
Last Week's Results
HYES! 2 (Socal)
1. Fly Amanita
2. Sherigami
3. Yeti
4. Sergio
5. Epic / Studmuffin
7. V$ / Stomach Flu
Bracket , VODs: None available 🙁1. Fly Amanita2. Sherigami3. Yeti4. Sergio5. Epic / Studmuffin7. V$ / Stomach Flu
To watch multiple streams at once in the most effective way, go to multistre.am or VGStreams.com
For a list of weekly weekday streams, check this /r/ssbm post. Eventually we'll make a more organized list to which people can add.
Sam “Qdoba'er” Greene can be found on Twitter @SSBMDingus.
flwns can be reached on Twitter @flwns
Logo by @FishWithIt
Used 5 gallon single handle ball lock kegs from Adventures in Homebrewing. These kegs are pressure tested and guaranteed to hold pressure. They also include a new set of o-rings.
As of this posting, these are marked down to just $39. AIH says availability is limited and that they won't have these for long. Check product page for up to the minute price and availability.
Update: This promo has expired or pricing, availability or description has changed – Check the supplier's site or product page for current availability
Recent Deals! Last Fifty Finds
5 Gallon Cornelius Keg (Ball Lock) Used Single Handle
Also: Kegerator Tips & Gear | Keg Repair Part #s | 5 Recent Keg Finds
Also: Check out AIH Sale Items – Selection Changes Regularly
More: Recent AIH Finds
Finally the part i have been excited for. The second introduction. I promise this one will be 1000+ words this time.
It was near midnight as Maine Walked to Ozpin's Office at a brisk pace, He needed something from the man. The former Freelancer opened the door and started to "speak"[~I need a team~] growled Maine. "Very well Maine. Which one?" asked Ozpin. Maine went silent."May i make a suggestion?" asked Ozpin "Why not Team RWBY? I do believe they can assist you immensely, the leader is also very kind and empathetic and i think she will understand your... predicament." Maine shrugged in agreement."Let me take you to their dorm, Follow me" Stated Ozpin as he started to walk out. The pair walked down the massive tower and towards the dorms.
Team RWBY was doing their Late night rituals, Yang and Weiss bickering over something stupid Blake was reading a book and Ruby was listening to her music almost completely zoned out. There was a sharp rasp at the door and the entire room went silent. It wasn't anyone from JNPR , they didn't usually knock and it wasn't sunned for he never actually used the door. Ruby hopped out of bed while the rest of the team stood behind her. She twisted the doorknob and slowly pulled it open. "Why hello there ladies. I apologize for this late interruption but there is someone i need you to meet, May i introduce you to my armored friend here, this is Agent Maine. there are some things you need to know about him" said Ozpin "What is it? What do we need to know?" asked ruby excitedly " calm down and he'll tell you" said Weiss who was clearly frustrated from her argument with yang. " Maine cant.." Ozpin was interrupted "Cant what? cant Sleep? Breathe? Talk? Think?" Ruby asked in rapid succession "well one of those is correct" Ozpin said with a slight smile "Maine is mute. He can growl and over time you can learn to understand him but he cannot speak and he will never be able to speak."explained Ozpin. "ooooooohhhh " said Ruby "why is that?" She asked "i'll let him explain" said Ozpin "But he cant speak how will we understand him Holy shit he's tall" said Weiss Maine growled and waved hello as he walked in. He shoved the bunk beds over a few feet and then plunked down a standard issue cot while the others just stared at him. [~What~] Maine growled, he was getting uncomfortable with all of the staring. The girls backed up a bit when he growled, ruby cautiously stepped towards him and said "I'm Ruby and i'm the leader of team RWBY this is Weiss Blake and My older sister Yang" ruby pointed to her teammates as she said their Names. Maine looked at them, waved again and sat down with a stone to sharpen the blade of his Bruteshot Grifshot. "Well i'm off to bed" stated yang to break the awkward silence "yea me too" grumbled Weiss and Blake silently went back to reading. Ruby started to make conversation with Maine "sooo... you can't talk right. Ozpin said that we could learn to understand you. So want to teach me?" Maine replied by nodding and grabbing a piece of paper. He pointed to himself grunted and wrote Me on the paper. "so HGUR means Me right? said Ruby. Maine growled softly and nodded as he wrote YES on a piece of Paper.
...
After a few hours Yang awoke and said "Ruby? are you still awake? its like three in the morning, you should go to bed or you wont be able to wake up in the morning" "Shhh Yang Maine is teaching me to understand him. I think i'm finally getting the hang of it" whispered Ruby. Yang responded "all he does is growl. how could you possibly understand that?" [~That's Rude~] growled Maine, "yea i gotta agree with Maine here. That is rude, you can tell what he's saying by the pitch and how it sounds" Said Ruby. "whatever, Just go to bed soon sis. Ok?" Said Yang as she laid back down in bed. Ruby also climbed into bed and said "night Maine, Night Yang"
...
It was five A.M when Ruby woke to the sound of Maine preparing to head out "where are you going Maine its 5 A.M?" Ruby asked Groggily [~nowhere important go back to bed~] Growled Maine Lightly " now i'm definitely getting up" declared Ruby Maine sighed [~I'll get you some coffee. get ready, you have 5 minutes~] "yes sir" ruby replied as she hopped out of bed. Maine walked down to the mess hall, grabbed two mugs of coffee and walked back to the dorm in three minutes. He tried to open the door but Ruby got there first and opened it as he reached for the knob while balancing two mugs in one hand [~Great your ready, Lets go~] Growled Maine "wait. Where are we going anyways?" asked Ruby [~i'll explain on the way~] was Maine's only response "well aren't we going to drink our coffee?" asked ruby [~you can drink it on the way~] Replied maine with an annoyed tone [~This girl really likes to talk~] Maine thought. They walked out to the helipad where there was a Bullhead waiting for them. As they climbed aboard the Pilot asked "Everybody ready?" Maine gave her a thumbs up and stopped for a second, He could have sworn he heard that voice before. "Come in command we are green for launch. Over" Said the Pilot over the radio. Maine was now one hundred percent sure that he had heard the voice before But where... "Roger that four seven Niner you are clear for take off" said the command operator. [~FOUR SEVEN NINER!? How did she get here?~] Asked Maine to no one in particular "wait you know her? from where?" asked ruby [~she was our pilot for our missions back during Training~] Maine bashed on the cockpit door "what the hell is it, cant you see im flying here" she was suddenly cut short when she saw who she was yelling at "Maine? is that you? what the hell are you doing here?" [~ I could ask you the same question.~] "Yea, i don't speak mute. HEY LITTLE GIRL! Can you understand him?" Asked Four Seven Niner. Ruby responded saying "He wants to know why your here." "Its a long story Maine, tell you later." replied Four Seven Niner as she banked left and Maine stumbled around the cargo bay [~ i wish we had a pelican~] Growled Maine " Oh no, Maine i'm going to be late for class!" said ruby in a panic, Maine grunted one word in response [~ Saturday~], "oh. well i fell like an idiot." said ruby as she sat back down on an ammo crate "sooo where are we going?" asked ruby [~i need to find something. we found a signal, its faint and almost 9 years old but its there, and it may have the answers i'm looking for~] "here we are ladies and gentlemen... Holy shit is that what i think it is?" Said Four Seven Niner Maine replied [~Yes. Its the Mother of invention,~]
Dun dun dun We found an old Amigo and A big ass ship which both ended up on sidewinder, and what is on sidewinder you may ask? The cliff that leads to Remnant. What will lay inside the ship after almost a decade of derelict? find out next week on Red vs RWBY The adventures of an insane Man and a little girl. Wow i guess these notes really don't like my titles, i don't blame them, Anyways please leave a Review that would be much appreciated. Be on the lookout for a cameo from everyone's favorite Spanish Robot. Side note: Four Seven Niner will be a consistant character. Not a main one but a nice side character as the Fearless pilot of The team.
Photo: Tom Kelley Archive/Getty Images
Dear Boss,
I was hired into my current job about nine months ago. Good job, great fit, clear-cut responsibilities, all the good things. People are personable and chatty without generally being too pushy or intrusive, which I love. About six months ago, we hired someone I'll call Fergus — an older gentleman of the managerial persuasion, though it wasn't immediately obvious what his role was, who was integrated into my team.
It's a family-oriented office, with lots of parents of all ages, and it's a pretty common question as I get to know people: “Oh, do you and your husband have kids?” In response I always laugh lightly and say something along the lines of “Nope, not for us. We love our dog though!” Everyone else takes this for what it is — small talk — and then will ask about the dog or change the topic or show me baby pictures, except for Fergus.
Fergus has, at least three or four times, stated that it's “sad” I'm not having kids, that I'll regret it, or harrumphed in some way, which I have internally rolled my eyes at and kind of moved on. Except yesterday, he was promoted. He is now a VP here and I report to him directly. He will be in charge of my one-on-ones, job responsibilities, reviews, and raises.
I am dreading more of these comments now that we're no longer peers. It's inevitable it will come up again (even if I don't bring it up or comment on it), and I really wish I could say something along the lines of “It's really inappropriate to comment on this when you're my boss,” or even point out that for all he knows, he could be pushing on the sorest of subjects for no reason. (Maybe I'm infertile. Maybe my husband is. Maybe we tried for years before giving up. Maybe someone has a genetic disorder we're afraid to pass on. None of these things are true in my case, but he doesn't know that!)
So, if it does come up, what's the best path here? Something in the moment? A more direct conversation in a one-on-one? Should I wince internally each time and change the subject? I already axed the Most Sarcastic Rejoinders Ever, sadly, because they're not professional even if I'd be really good at them.
Agggghh, Fergus.
And agggghh to all the other people who think that it's okay to comment on the reproductive plans of colleagues, which is a bizarrely widespread phenomenon. It's also decidedly one-way; there are very few people urging colleagues not to reproduce (although they might think it silently) or telling them how “sad” it will be if they do have children. But for some reason a not-insignificant swath of the population finds it perfectly okay to tell people who don't plan to raise kids how wrong they are and how deeply they'll regret it.
Now throw in the fact that Fergus is your boss and it gets additionally weird, because the power dynamics in the relationship mean that there's built-in pressure for you to be polite, even when he's being rude. (This is one reason why managers should be especially thoughtful about boundaries with their staff members. They can't necessarily rely on getting the “butt out” cues that they'd get from people in other areas of their lives.)
Of course, if Fergus were a peer, you could be pretty direct about telling him to cut it out — as in, “Please stop commenting on my reproductive plans. They're not up for discussion.” And who knows, you may develop the kind of relationship where you can say that to him too. But with a new boss, it's not the approach I'd start with, especially since you may be able to get the outcome you want a different way.
Instead, I'd at least start out more softly. That doesn't mean you can't still convey that he needs to chill out with the comments, though. You can, and you should.
The next time he makes another comment about your intentions for your uterus, say something like this: “I really don't want to keep talking about my plans in this area. Thanks for understanding.” Given the new managerial relationship, and because it's the first time you're telling him to cut it out, say it fairly cheerfully. You'll still be delivering a clear message even if you don't accompany it with the more cutting tone that he frankly deserves.
It sounds like you haven't been that direct about shutting it down in the past, and so it's possible that doing it now will get him to cut it out.
But if it doesn't and his remarks continue, then it's time to get more serious about it, which would mean saying something like this: “Now that you're my boss, I want to ask you to stop commenting about me having kids. Those comments feel too personal in any work situation, but especially from someone with authority over me, which I'm sure you can understand.”
If he's pretty receptive to that, you could also add something like, “I know you mean well, but those comments can be really painful for people, especially people who are struggling with infertility or miscarriages. I really would recommend avoiding them altogether, because you just never know someone's situation.”
You will be doing all society a favor if you point this out to him. And actually, you'll be doing him a favor too, because he's inadvertently pissing people off — and possibly deeply upsetting them — when he probably doesn't intend to. If this is the first time he's gotten push-back on his baby meddling — and especially if it's the first time he's heard an explanation of why it's inappropriate — it might actually be eye-opening for him.
Either way, that approach will probably take care of it. But if for some reason his comments continue, it's perfectly reasonable to shut down any further comments in the moment. You can do that by saying, “As you know, my plans in that area aren't up for discussion. So moving on to [insert work-related topic here] … ”
(And hey, with Thanksgiving approaching, if you have any relatives who suffer from the same affliction as Fergus, they might provide ample opportunity to practice these tactics before you have to deploy them at work.)
Got something to Ask a Boss? Send your questions to askaboss@nymag.com.
Chris Matthews didn't mince words on his Friday show when it came to the newest entrant into the GOP presidential race.
Rick Perry formally entered the 2012 campaign on Saturday, but everyone knew that he was running days before. On Friday's "Hardball," Matthews made it clear that he doesn't think much of the Texas governor. As he watched the footage MSNBC was playing of Perry, Matthews openly mocked him--and his Texas ways.
"He looks like a clown," Matthews said. "He dresses very fancy. There's something about the way that he puts himself together that doesn't look authentic. He looks like, I don't know, a wax figure pretending to be governor. There's something about him that doesn't add up to me. Maybe it's this Texas B.S., this boots and tuxedo thing they do down there. Why does it work? Outside of Texas it doesn't travel very well."
Matthews also criticized Perry for mangling the history of Texas' relationship with the rest of the U.S. Matthews said that, unlike what Perry has claimed, Texas never had any clause in its founding documents that allowed it to secede from America. He wondered whether Perry was being "deliberately ignorant" in his telling of the state's history.
WATCH:
"Chemistry is pornography in disguise, you just have to know which functional group to look at." -- Alexander Shulgin
5-MeO-DALT is a psychoactive chemical first reported publicly by Alexander Shulgin in May 2004, via a pre-publication draft of an entry from a forthcoming book. It was synthesized and distributed by online chemical vendors soon after. Shulgin reported the dosage as "12-20 mg. orally" and the duration as two to four hours.Reports of use trickled in, with the usual range of descriptions of effects--from positive to nonplussed to disappointed. But in 2010, a handful of forum posts to BlueLight.ru suggested that there might be "different batches" floating around and being sold by different vendors.Some reports indicated radically higher doses than Shulgin had described while others described powders that seemed like they might be inactive.We decided to look into this to issue to see if we could help answer the question of what the difference was between some of these materials.In September 2010, Erowid analyzed two samples of 5-MeO-DALT, both initially sold through online vendors. One sample was acquired from an online vendor by an Erowid volunteer who submitted it to Erowid for analysis, while the other came from a randomly selected company advertising 5-MeO-DALT via Google. The sample submitted by the volunteer was very pure 5-MeO-DALT. However the sample purchased online contained5-MeO-DALT. The laboratory that did the testing could not identify the chemical with 100% certainty, but expert chemists agreed it was clearly a cathinone derivative and could be 4-fluoromethcathinone (flephedrone).We have published the results (including GC/MS output) on EcstasyData as ID: 2025 and ID: 2026 In the UK, authorities and researchers are doing more monitoring of "legal highs". Some of the products appear to be highly variable in content. Powders sold as "NRG-1" have included single drugs as well as combinations such as butylone + MDPV; 4-fluoromethcathinone; 4-fluoromethcathinone + MDPV; caffeine; 4-methylmethcathinone; and others, according to Brandt, Sumnall, Measham, and Cole.After the popularity and subsequent legal control of some cathinone derivatives in the UK, Ireland, and parts of northern Europe in 2009 and 2010, it seems as if stockpiles of the newly illegal products existed and were then resold as other chemicals by unscrupulous or misinformed vendors. For instance, after 4-methylmethcathinone (mephedrone) was controlled in the UK in April 2010, and according to analysis of products before and after the effective date of the law, it was still appearing in some products without being identified as mephedrone to customers.Interestingly, this is a new type of legal risk for consumers of research chemicals: controlled substances being sold as legal (grey-market) products. Purchasers can unwittingly receive an illegal drug when they thought they were purchasing a substance that was explicitly legal in their jurisdiction.We hope that analysis of research chemical products available on the open market will continue to expand, and that the DEA will eventually lift its ill-conceived restrictions on the ability of U.S. laboratories to analyze controlled substances for Erowid and U.S.-based harm reduction organizations.
In case you've forgotten, this is what a president's supposed to sound like.
While Donald Trump tried to distract the nation from the Senate's healthcare bill with tweets about Russia, "Cryin' Chuck," and those non-existent Comey "tapes," Barack Obama used Facebook to deliver a 939-word message defending his own health care law and asking Americans to call on their senators to vote down the AHCA.
There's plenty here that takes direct aim at the current health care debate, like the notion that this is simply a move to wipe away a law belong to Obama: "the rationale for action, on health care or any other issue, must be something more than simply undoing something that Democrats did."
There's a reference to the Congressional Budget Office's estimation that 23 million people will lose health care under the new plan: "That's not my opinion, but rather the conclusion of all objective analyses, from the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office."
And there's criticism of the GOP's secrecy surrounding their bill: "We didn't fight for the Affordable Care Act for more than a year in the public square for any personal or political gain."
It's also a rare thing to see a previous president fighting against his successor for his legacy legislation just months after leaving office.
But that's what Obama does in a post that has all the touches of his previous speeches, including a sense of empathy that has been completely lacking from Trump's speeches on a health care proposal that he himself described as "mean."
Writes Obama:
I hope our Senators ask themselves – what will happen to the Americans grappling with opioid addiction who suddenly lose their coverage? What will happen to pregnant mothers, children with disabilities, poor adults and seniors who need long-term care once they can no longer count on Medicaid? What will happen if you have a medical emergency when insurance companies are once again allowed to exclude the benefits you need, send you unlimited bills, or set unaffordable deductibles? What impossible choices will work parents be forced to make if their child's cancer treatment costs them more than their life savings?
He closes with a call to action and, perhaps, a shout to those that supported him in the past but now feel left behind by a directionless Democratic Party.
If you're willing to call your members of Congress. If you are willing to visit their offices. If you are willing to speak out, let them and the country know, in very real terms, what this means for you and your family.
Read the words and you can hear Obama's voice — his cadence, his tenor — and, for just a fleeting moment, allow yourself to feel a little bit of hope.
UPDATE June 22 4:04 pm PT:
Trump finally addressed healthcare on Twitter hours later, insisting "ObamaCare is dead."
I've been sitting here for hours, staring at the cursor relentlessly blinking in an empty white screen. My head is pounding, my stomach is queasy and I'm deep into the territory every writer dreads: wondering what the hell I have to say that anyone else would be even marginally interested in (except to gleefully mock), and what I'd need to do to get hired for a real job, anywhere, doing anything. Dental school, maybe?
Let's face it, the second most terrifying thing a writer faces is the blank page.
Which often leads to the most terrifying thing writers face: a shitty first draft so utterly, irredeemably discombobulated that in retrospect that empty white screen seems soothing, inviting almost.
And yet, as Hemingway said with such blunt eloquence, “All first drafts are shit.” Very true. All first drafts have plot holes, places where character motivation goes missing, dull scenes, clunky transgressions and unearned epiphanies.
But there's a huge difference between writing a shitty draft of an actual story and simply “letting it all pour out and romping all over the place,” as Anne Lamott advises writers to do in Bird by Bird. I know, Lamott's book is fabulous and she makes a gazillion great points, but this one has been universally misinterpreted, undermining thousands of writers, many of whom may have given up as a result and actually gone to dental school. Not that there's anything wrong with dental school, mind you. But sheesh, the thought of a potential F. Scott Fitzgerald scaling teeth is kind of sad.
So let's talk about the “let it pour out” definition of a “shitty first draft” — why it's so dangerous and so tempting, and what you can do to steer clear of it.
Why are we tempted to “let it all pour out?” Because we're hardwired to do what's easy. It's not a negative, nor does it make us weak. It's a survival mechanism, the better to conserve energy for handling the decidedly unexpected. For that reason, as neuroscientist Antonio Damasio says, “. . . smart brains are also extremely lazy. Anytime they can do less instead of more, they will, a minimalist philosophy they follow religiously.”
Let's face it, it's much easier – seemingly liberating — to let ‘er rip and write without thinking, pantser-style, than it is to think about what you're writing beforehand, and track it as you go. Plus, since staring at that blank page can be exceedingly stressful, the relief of letting it all pour out not only feels good, it feels right. Thus it's easy to believe that this is the natural path to storytelling. Which in turn means that if at the end of the day that flood can't be shaped into an actual story? Well, you must not be a real writer after all.
Don't you believe it for a minute. Letting loose, regardless how good it feels, doesn't produce the kind of first draft that Hemingway was referring to. That is, a draft that begins to capture – in rudimentary, unpolished form — the story itself.
So rather than flying blind, here are nine tips that can help you create that sort of shitty first draft, as opposed to a bunch of pages with words randomly romping across them.
Don't worry about the language or “writing well,” even for a moment. Don't strain after metaphors, don't worry about symbolism, forget your love of language. Concentrate on what the language is meant to convey: the story itself. One of the biggest mistakes writers make is to begin polishing their first draft even before it's even finished. The more you polish at this stage, the deeper you'll fall in love with your words, and the harder it will be to kill your darlings. I recently spoke with a writer who was celebrating having finished the first draft of his novel. He told me proudly that it came in at a little over 100,000 words, and that he loved every single one of them. Uh oh. Know what your point is before you begin to write. All stories make a point, and everything in a story – in one way or another – builds toward it. If you know what you're trying to say, chances are much better your story will actually communicate it. Plus, it will give you a yardstick by which you can gauge what's relevant, and what might be a darling you'll only have to steel yourself to whack later. Might your point change as you write? Absolutely. It's a first draft, nothing is written in stone. But even knowing what your point might be allowed you to focus in on a story that makes it, rather than romping aimlessly. A story making a point moves, a story that romps tends to run in place. Don't expect “the force” to write through you. You are not a channel for some otherworldly energy, you're a writer, and everything you write comes from you. You have the power to harness your prose to a story, and you have the power to then shape it, polish it, and change your reader's worldview by allowing them to experience the hard won change your protagonist goes through. Take responsibility. Is it harder to write this way? You bet. As Dorothy Parker noted, “I hate writing, I love having written.” Sometimes that's the way it goes. Know the overarching problem your protagonist will face. A story is about how someone solves a problem they can't avoid, and what he or she has to overcome, internally, in order to do it. It's this overarching problem that gives a story context. From the first page of Gone Girl we're wondering, “What's up with Amy and did Nick have anything to do with her disappearance?” The problem is there front and center, and it's what hooks readers from the get-go. What's yours? Know your ending first. If you don't know where your story is going, how will you have the slightest idea whether it's moving at all? How will you know what turns to take? How will you know what needs to happen next? Or at all? You won't. Without a target to aim for, chances are high your story will idle in neutral. Know how your protagonist sees the world. If the overarching problem is what gives your story context, what gives it meaning is how your protagonist navigates that problem. In other words, how does your protagonist react to what happens? One of the most stubborn brain myths is that our brain is like a camera, recording an exact, objective account of everything we see. Not so. Rather, we record events in bits and pieces, subjectively, depending on what matters most to us. We then evaluate what we've “seen” based on what life has taught us thus far. If you don't know what has shaped your protagonist's worldview, how will you know how she'll react to anything that happens? Or why? Your reader will be getting to know your protagonist on the first page, but you need to know her inside and out long before you commit her to paper. Find your story's third rail, and make sure everything touches it. Here is the essence of a story: the protagonist is forced, by circumstances outside her control, to deal with a problem she'd really rather avoid. This forces her to dig deep and overcome the inner issue, wound or misconception that's holding her back. Everything in the story impacts this quest. Think of it as your story's third rail – everything must touch it, giving it juice and causing sparks to fly. That means if what happens doesn't affect it in some way, no matter how well written it is, the story stalls. Find the live rail, it won't let you down. Once you zero in on it, it becomes a live sensor that beeps madly when the connection is broken. Concentrate on the “why” and not the “what.” This is a simple, incredibly useful one, even if you ignore the others. Whenever something is about to happen, ask yourself, “why?” Why is this happening now? Why is my protagonist reacting the way she does? Why does the reader need to know this? Stories aren't about “what” happens, they're about “why.” Just like life. Watch as your day unfolds. People do things – that's the what – but aren't you always wondering why they did it, what they really mean by it, so you can figure out what the heck you should do in response? In a story the most important initial “why” is why the protagonist wants what she wants, and why she can't seem to get it. Figure it out first, and it will be your true north. Know your basic theme. This is much easier than it sounds. Think of theme as what your story is saying about human nature, which is reflected in how people treat each other in the world you're creating. Characters' actions – and therefore what's humanly possible – are going to be very different in the world of a lighthearted romance from that of a dystopian drama. What world will your story unfold in? And are you sure all your characters got the memo?
The beauty of approaching your first draft as a story, rather than as romping words, is that it allows you to really, truly quiet the voice that says you'll never be a good writer. Because it's not about the writing. It's about zeroing in the story that you want to tell.
What's more, when you've nailed down the specifics we've been discussing, very often the story does pour out. Because you know where it's going, you can feel the intoxicating rush of your own creative momentum. It's thrilling.
Even so, you'll end up producing a shitty first draft. But the beauty of this kind of shitty first draft is that when it's finished, you won't have to sift through endless words, hoping to discover the fragments of a story – it will be there. In fact, this is the one and only thing that can cut down on time spent rewriting.
If you think you hear an underlying drum beat here, a cautionary tale about the pitfalls of being a pantser, you're absolutely right. Yes, some writers can sit down and nail a story blindfolded. They have that innate skill, and tend to be successful out of the starting gate. Most of us – and that includes most successful writers – don't have that innate sense of story.
But we can develop it by mastering story and committing it to muscle memory — that muscle being the brain. Of course, that still doesn't make it easy. It just makes us less likely to be up weighing the pros and cons of dental school at two a.m.
Image via Flickr by ~db~
Getty Images
It would have been inconceivable early in Eli Manning's career that anyone would suggest he was a better quarterback than his older brother. But now that Eli has won his second Super Bowl MVP award, he acknowledges that people sometimes tell him he's better than Peyton.
“I correct them very quickly,” Eli told Jason Cole of Yahoo Sports.
In a wide-ranging interview with Cole, Eli talks about the sibling rivalry that he has never allowed to be a rivalry at all, saying that he has never considered himself better than Peyton and never been motivated by a desire to outdo the brother who was a high school star before him, a college star before him, a No. 1 draft pick before him, a Pro Bowler before him and a Super Bowl MVP before him.
“I've never tried to compete with Peyton,” Eli said. “I never tried to say I need to be better than him. I've accepted at times that I wasn't maybe as good as him because he was the No. 1 high school player in the country. In college, he was going to be the first pick in the draft, so if I tried to go out there and be the same person and be better than him or the same person as him, I'm going to drive myself crazy. I'm going to go out and be the best quarterback I can be and get the most out of my potential. If that's better than him, great. If it's not, so be it.”
Eli said he views Peyton as a quarterbacking role model.
“I think there's always an approach growing up where you say, ‘Hey, I want to just get to Peyton's level of player where he's at,'” Eli said. “I admire Peyton and watching him on film and the throws he makes and the mechanics, I still watch in awe. He's still at that top level as far as what he has done with the football. We have a great relationship and it's a total support [system]. I call him or he calls me, like during the season last year. Especially during the playoff stretch, he would call me and just have little tidbits and pieces of advice a quarterback can talk about that you cherish.”
It remains to be seen which brother will go down in history as the better quarterback. But Eli will be fine with it if everyone says the best Manning was Peyton.
Jaywick is once again top of the list in the most deprived areas (Picture: PA)
A map showing England's most deprived areas has been released.
The community east of Jaywick near Clacton-on-Sea has again topped a list that measured deprivation in 32,844 areas across the country.
All of the local authorities with the highest proportion of deprived neighbourhoods are in the north – Middlesbrough, Knowsley, Hull, Liverpool and Manchester.
MORE: Woman found shot dead hours after taking selfie with gun pointed at her
Britain's most deprived areas Middlesbrough
Knowsley
Kingston upon Hull
Liverpool
Manchester
Birmingham
Blackpool
Nottingham
Burnley
Hartlepool
Bradford
Blackburn with Darwen
Hastings
Stoke-on-Trent
North East Lincolnshire
Salford
Rochdale
Pendle
Halton
Great Yarmouth
The London boroughs of Hackney, Tower Hamlets, Newham and Haringey have all dropped out of the list of the 20 most deprived areas but seven of the 10 local authority districts with the highest levels of income deprivation among older people are in the capital.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Most of the statistics the report by the Department for Communities and Local Government is based on date back to 2012/13.
Clacton MP Douglas Carswell said the Jaywick neighbourhood would continue to spiral without action from local and central government.
He said: ‘People in Jaywick have been let down by big government and official planning restrictions that have prevented any significant new housing investment for 40 years.
‘Until planning rules are liberalised and capital can be invested in Jaywick the downward spiral will continue.'
Mr Carswell said he had lobbied government and the council to introduce minimum housing standards for people on benefits.
The Ukip MP added: ‘Thanks to government policy we are subsidising squalor.'
MORE: Google shows off its own self-driving car for first time
Map showing the areas with the greatest deprivation
The Government said the report was a snapshot based on information gathered over the 2012/13 financial year and insisted differences between areas may be very small.
A DCLG spokesman said: ‘We will ensure that every part of Britain benefits from a growing economy and that everyone who works hard gets the opportunities they need to succeed.
‘The most recent statistics show that the proportion of individuals with relative low income is now at the lowest level since the mid-1980s and we have near record levels of employment.
‘Furthermore, councils facing the highest demand for services continue to receive more funding and have higher spending power than less deprived authorities.'
Mercy Mary Becerra, 43, and Johnny Lewis Hartley, 39, both of Whittier, Calif., face murder and child cruelty charges. NBC 7's Bridget Naso has the details. (Published Wednesday, Aug. 10, 2016)
Couple Tried to Take Dead Toddler, in Bag, Across US-Mexico Border: SDPD
Authorities discovered an American couple carrying a dead toddler in a duffel bag while trying to walk across the border into Mexico.
Mexican border officials stopped the couple on Tuesday, according to San Diego Police Department's Lt. Ray Valentin. The couple attempted to cross into Tijuana around 11:30 a.m. PT via the pedestrian border crossing at the San Ysidro port of entry.
The man was carrying a bag.
Officials scanned the man's bag using an X-ray machine and discovered the body of the small girl inside the bag. According to Valentin, the child was approximately two years old.
Video The World Records of the 2016 Rio Olympics
Valentin said the man's companion tried to run away, but she was quickly apprehended and taken into custody. The man was also arrested.
Mexican officials deported the couple back to the United States. According to Valentin, the pair are residents of Whittier, California.
The SDPD Homicide Unit is now leading the case. On Wednesday afternoon the SDPD identified the man and woman as Johnny Lewis Hartley, 39, and Mercy Mary Becerra, 43, both of Whittier.
Both Hartley and Becerra were booked into jail in San Diego and are facing counts of first-degree murder and child cruelty. They are both scheduled to appear in court Friday.
At this point, it is unclear if the couple has retained an attorney.
After interviewing the suspects, SDPD Homicide Unit detectives have determined that whatever happened to the girl may have occurred in Whittier. The SDPD is now working closely with detectives of the Whittier Police Department.
Valentin said Hartley and Becerra are not the toddler's parents but investigators believe they knew her and her parents prior to her death. He says that organ trafficking is not a factor in this case.
The toddler's parents live in the Whittier/Greater Los Angeles area.
NBC 4 Los Angeles confirmed Becerra's Instagram account; her bio on the social media page says she's a mother of nine.
The San Diego County Medical Examiner's office took custody of the toddler's body and will determine the cause and manner of the girl's death.
No further details were immediately available. The investigation is ongoing and anyone with information on the case can call the SDPD Homicide Unit at (619) 531-2293 or Crime Stoppers at (888) 580-8477.
Whittier is located approximately 127 miles north of Tijuana.
Video Michael Phelps and Usain Bolt Say Adieu to the Olympics
This is a developing story. Check back for updates.
Exclusive: Libertarians and Tea Partiers pretend they are the only Americans who believe in “limited government” as envisioned by the Framers, but that is a false conceit. The real history is that Madison and Washington devised a Constitution with broad powers to promote the “general Welfare,” says Robert Parry.
By Robert Parry
A favorite line from the American Right both well-educated libertarians and know-nothing Tea Partiers is that the Founders believed in “limited government” and the United States must return to that constitutional principle. But the argument is both nonsensical and insulting.
Everyone believes in “limited government” unless you're a totalitarian or a fan of absolute monarchies. Liberals, conservatives, socialists, free-market ideologues and pretty much everyone in between believe in limitations of government power. The point of having a constitution is to set the limits and rules for a government.
That is what the Framers did with the U.S. Constitution in 1787. They set limits, but they also vastly expanded the central government's powers, a fact that today's Right doesn't want to acknowledge.
Indeed, that's why the Articles of Confederation, the Constitution's precursor, has disappeared from the typical right-wing recitation of early U.S. history, which starts with the Declaration of Independence in 1776 and jumps to the Constitution in 1787 and the Bill of Rights in 1791. Left out of the chronology is what governed the country from 1777 to 1787, i.e. the Articles of Confederation.
The reason that the Articles of Confederation are an inconvenient truth for the Right is that the Articles represented what the Right pretends the Constitution stands for now, strong states' rights and a weak federal government. The Articles even made the 13 states “sovereign” and “independent” and left the central authority as only a “league of friendship” dependent on the states.
However, under that structure, the young nation was coming apart as states went off in their own directions, the economy struggled and European powers looked to exploit the divisions. Then, in 1786, when a populist uprising known as Shays' Rebellion rocked western Massachusetts, the federal government lacked the money and means to field a military force to restore order. The revolt was eventually put down by an army financed by wealthy Bostonians.
George Washington, reflecting on the worsening chaos, wrote in support of a plan by fellow Virginian James Madison to give the federal government control over national commerce, declaring: “We are either a united people, or we are not. If the former, let us, in all matters of a general concern act as a nation, which have national objects to promote, and a national character to support. If we are not, let us no longer act a farce by pretending it to be.”
When it became clear that the Articles of Confederation could not be feasibly amended to address the country's problems, Washington and Madison led what amounted to a bloodless coup d'etat against the states' “sovereign” powers. This coup was known as the Constitutional Convention. It was conducted in secret in Philadelphia and resulted in the Constitution, which flipped the power relationships between the central government and the states, making federal law supreme and dramatically expanding the powers of the national government.
Today's Right doesn't want to acknowledge this history because it destroys the right-wing narrative by revealing the Framers to be advocates of a strong central government and opponents of states' rights. [For details, see Robert Parry's America's Stolen Narrative.]
Still ‘Limited Government'
Yet, as broad as the Constitution's federal powers were, the fact that they were spelled out mostly in Article I, Section 8 meant that the Framers were creating a “limited government,” i.e. one that had to operate within a prescribed set of rules. Those rules were clarified in greater detail by the Bill of Rights in 1791 and have been updated periodically through various amendments.
So, since pretty much everyone agrees that the Constitution established a “limited government,” why does the Right pretend that it's the only political grouping that recognizes this obvious fact? In many cases, liberals are even more ardent in rejecting government intrusion on privacy and other personal liberties than many conservatives are.
It seems the reason that the Right pretends that it alone stands for the Constitution's principle of “limited government” is that this argument exploits the national mythology around the country's founding, at least for the uninformed. The argument also plays to the notion that the federal government's use of its considerable powers, such as citing the Commerce Clause and the 14th Amendment to outlaw racial segregation in the South, has been somehow illegitimate.
Indeed, this current right-wing attack on “federal overreach” has been around since the 1950s and the civil rights movement, which put an end to Jim Crow laws in the South. The Right's claim is essentially neo-Confederate and harkens back to the South's efforts prior to the Civil War to insist that slave-states had the right to nullify federal laws and ultimately to secede from the Union.
Though the Union was maintained by the Civil War, a neo-Confederate movement pushed back against federal efforts to “reconstruct” the South as a more egalitarian society. The neo-Confederates gained political allies among the new industrial elite in the North, “robber barons” who for their own reasons of self-interest wanted to block federal intervention on behalf of impoverished working men and women.
This alliance against federal activism prevailed though much of the late 19th Century and into the 20th Century but suffered severe setbacks when “free-market capitalism” drove the country into the Great Depression. That led to Franklin Roosevelt's New Deal which imposed tighter regulation on Wall Street financiers and created new protections for the average American, whether in union rights or Social Security. Out of those and other efforts of the federal government grew the Great American Middle Class.
Meanwhile, Southern segregationists also lost out as the civil rights movement of the 1950s and 1960s forced the country to finally confront its racist reality. The federal government, led by liberal Democrats and some liberal Republicans, took action to force integration of schools, restaurants and other public facilities. That intervention provoked a furious counter-reaction from many white Southerners who shifted their allegiance to the Republican Party.
A Revamped Movement
In essence, the old alliance of convenience between Southern segregationists and Wall Street financial interests was rekindled and began building a propaganda infrastructure to persuade other Americans that the federal government was evil and had to be fought.
As part of that propaganda effort, wealthy right-wingers, like the Koch Brothers, invested heavily in think tanks and academic institutions where “scholars” cherry-picked quotes from key Framers, particularly Madison, to distort the history surrounding the Constitution. This false history was then packaged and sold to ill-informed Tea Party types who fancied themselves as channeling the anti-government passions of the Founders.
For instance, one right-wing canard about the Second Amendment is that the Framers wanted an armed citizenry so the people could go to war with the government to protect individual liberties. The reality, of course, was entirely different. Aristocrats like Madison and Washington wanted armed militias so the government could maintain order in the face of disruptions like Shays' Rebellion as well as to resist Native Americans on the frontiers and to put down slave revolts.
The federal response to the Whiskey Rebellion, which erupted in western Pennsylvania in 1791, revealed this chief idea behind “a well-regulated militia” as cited in the Second Amendment. In 1792, shortly after the Bill of Rights was ratified, Congress passed the Militia Acts requiring all military-age white males to obtain their own muskets and equipment for service in militias.
In 1794, President Washington, who was determined to demonstrate the young government's resolve, led a combined force of state militias against the Whiskey rebels. Their anti-tax revolt soon collapsed and order was restored. In other words, the key purpose of the Second Amendment was to help the government maintain “security,” as the Amendment says, not to promote disorder.
But the Right's false narratives are not simply historical fantasies. For the last several decades, they have been powerful political instruments enabling neo-Confederates in the South and Ayn Rand libertarians in the North to redirect the United States onto a path of anti-government fanaticism, a craziness that let Wall Street run wild and has put devastating weapons in the hands of mentally unstable individuals.
This misleading notion that only libertarians and Tea Partiers cares about and should be allowed to define how the Framers understood “limited government” has led the nation into George W. Bush's Great Recession and the recent school-shooting tragedy in Newtown, Connecticut.
So, while it's true that the Framers like almost every American then and now believed in “limited government,” it's wrong to assume that they were anti-government ideologues who would have stood by and done nothing while six-year-olds were being mass-murdered.
The key Framers the likes of Washington and Madison could best be described as pragmatic nationalists. They wanted a strong central government because one was needed to protect the country's hard-won independence.
Another inconvenient truth that the Right would rather people not recognize is that the Framers included in both the Constitution's Preamble and among the “enumerated powers” of Congress in Article I that a top responsibility of the federal government was to provide for the “general Welfare of the United States.”
Investigative reporter Robert Parry broke many of the Iran-Contra stories for The Associated Press and Newsweek in the 1980s. You can buy his new book, America's Stolen Narrative, either in print here or as an e-book (from Amazon and barnesandnoble.com).
Best Car Vacuum Cleaners-Choose Your Right Cleaner Today
No matter how committed car enthusiast you are in keeping your automobile clean and away from all kind of mess but you cannot get rid of the substantial dirt and minute dust to settle in your car anyway. If you really want your car to look brand new every day, there are two things to take care of. Firstly you need to be a safe driver so that you don't get any external dents on your automobile. And secondly, you must have the best car vacuum cleaner. It's only the cleaner appliance that eliminates all the dust, dirt, pet hair and other kinds of messes from your car. In this way, you don't have to take frequent trips to car wash companies and pay them a hefty amount of money to keep your automobile clean inside out.
Things To Consider Before Buying A Best Car Vacuum
Just like anything else in today's world; the best car vacuum also comes in a lot of variants. Every company is doing a great job in making their products easily available in every household. But as the offerings in the market have increased, it has become awfully critical for the buyer to buy the product. Every product sounds to be quite promising. But how to ensure that whatever you are going to spend for is worth your money. For online buyers, reading customer reviews can really help in making a right decision. I would really like to share my experience as I pick few best car vacuums from different brands and present their features to you. But before that, you need to learn about things that are to be considered before you buy the best car vacuum cleaner:
1. Portable:
It is not necessary that you would only want to use the vacuum when you are at your home. These machines must be compact in size and portable. You could be anywhere when you feel the need to clean your car. That is why it is best to store the vacuum in the trunk of your car. And for such storage, the machine must be compact and powerful. There are many variants available in the market that are great in suction yet very compact in size with the least weight.
2. Battery:
Battery plays a significant role with handheld usage. You need to make sure that whatever product you are buying has good battery backup. You will surely not want the power to run off when you are in the middle of cleaning. That is why always check the hours of battery offered by the machine when not wall pinned for electricity supply.
3. Great suction:
There are various confined areas in the car that need careful cleaning. In every tight spot, only a machine with good suction can help you out effectively. Another aspect that is necessary for the machine is to have a consistent supply of suction for effective cleaning. Most of the models that are available in the best car vacuums have a cyclonic action that keeps a consistent check on the suction supply.
4. Automobile powered:
While you are using the machine handheld, it is quite possible that you find it running out of battery. In that case, you need a battery supply to complete the cleaning task. So you must buy the model that can be powered by your car. There has to be a 12V outlet that is used to power car cigarette lighter, it can be used to power your vacuum. With these easy options, you can take your vacuum anywhere you want without fear of running out of battery.
So these are certain things that can help you in selecting the best car vacuum cleaner for your beloved automobile.
How I Selected Top Products?
Well, I guess I mentioned this before that I got many years of experience in Vacuum Industry; besides I have personally used many of the models of vacuum cleaners from almost all the brands. Besides I have gone through thousands of customer reviews on different models.
A good study on the market along with these years of experience helps me narrow down the best car vacuums for you.
You gonna soon understand that Selecting a right vacuum for your car is no rocket science. Once you go through this topic today, you will understand the things that are to be considered. If you don't want to whirl your head around details and just want to buy the best car vacuum,
Here are some of the best car vacuums recommendations for 2019:
1. Black and Decker PAD1200
This model is very interesting shaped for quick and convenient cleaning. Also, this one is very decently priced considering its features. For any kind of extreme cleaning, you can use this model. It is definitely rated among the best car vacuum cleaners as this model can get you the best cleaning of your automobile. It is not particularly made only for cars but you can use it to clean your house as well.
Here is the list of features of this model:
It is fashioned with 12V DC outlet for the undistorted supply of power to the vacuum that helps in better cleaning.
The 5-meter long cable helps you in reaching every section of the car for complete cleaning.
It has got cyclonic action for powerful and undistorted suction. You can use it at any tight spot of the car and the results will be great.
The accessories that come with this model are 2 in 1 crevice tool, long crevice tool and storage bag.
There is a wrap-around hose so that the vacuum can reach every tight space of the car.
This product is easy to store in the trunk of the car as it folds and turns into its compact self easily.
Full review of Black and Decker PAD1200
2. Black and Decker PAV1200W
This one is another best car vacuum on my list. This stunning looking machine is great in giving effective cleaning. The pricing has also been done quite smartly. It is a portable model as all the necessary accessories can be placed inside the case. This one has also got a pivoting nozzle with multiple functions. It can help in making the processing of the machine effective.
Here is the list of features of this model:
This machine has got one step emptying process of the dirt bowl.
There is a cyclonic action that supplies suction consistently and makes the cleaning more effective.
There is a 16 ft long cord that will help you with easy reach to every section of the car. Also, there is fingertip on and off button making the working convenient.
The accessories that are included with this machine are crevice tool, upholstery brush, storage bag and a hose.
There is a washable filter that is dishwasher friendly.
This product comes with 2 years of warranty and it is an ideal machine for trucks, cars and other automobiles.
Full review of Black and Decker PAV1200W
3. Black and Decker BDH2000L
It is a gorgeous looking small vacuum machine crafted with brilliant features. You might find the price of this model a bit higher than other models but believe me; it will give you complete satisfaction in terms of cleaning and high-end usage. It has got a transparent bowl that will give you a peep into the bowl and indicate when there will be the right time to empty it. Just like other B&D models, this one is also detailed with cyclonic action for best usage. This one is ideal for home usage as well as a great machine for the automobiles.
Here is the list of features of this model:
It is made up of long life lithium technology and very light in weight. It is ready to use the machine without worrying about the battery.
It has a smart charge mechanism i.e. it only charges when needed.
There is a rotating slim nozzle that can give effective cleaning with multiple applications.
No effect on the battery life even after years and years of usage.
Easy to peep dirtbag and one-step cleaning.
Full review of Black and Decker BDH2000L
4. Black and Decker CHV1510 Dustbuster
If you want to buy a vacuum cleaner that is decently priced, compact in size and detailed with multiple features then this one is the option for you. It is a simple machine with the least complex functionality. The machine has got a rotating nozzle for perfect cleaning. This machine is ideally made to remove dirt from tight spots. It is very lightweight and easy to operate.
Here is the list of features of this model:
This machine has got translucent and bagless dirt bowl that is easy to empty and also easy to keep a check on the dirtbag.
For hygienic cleaning there is washable dirt bowl and the filter. You can easily detach these parts from the machine and wash them with soapy water.
The vacuum can be stored in three ways such as keeping vertically or horizontally or by mounting on the wall.
There are 3 stage filtration processes due to which it has less clogging and cleaner air exhaust.
Machine is fashioned with energy star approved charging system due to which the machine saves a lot of energy while operating.
Full review of Black and Decker CHV1510 Dustbuster
5. Dyson V6 Trigger
Dyson has always been my first preference when it comes to quality and most authentic vacuum cleaners. I really appreciate the features that Dyson machines have. These machines have two times more suction than any other handheld machines. The pricing of the products by Dyson is also great. No wonder people prefer this machine way more than any other in the category.
Here is the list of features of this model:
A perfect handheld machine with the least complicated features and functionality.
It has got powerful suction that does not fade during the processing of the machine.
This machine is ergonomically designed. The trigger is very light to hold and the on/off button is right next to your finger. As the weight of the machine is minor, you can handle the machine with ease.
This one is designed with the most powerful motor.
To capture minute dust particles, there are 2 tier radial cyclones.
There is a max power mode which helps you in extreme cleaning.
The bin can be emptied hygienically and the bowl is large enough so that you have to take lesser trips to the dustbin for emptying the dirt bowl.
Full review of Dyson V6 Trigger
6. Black and Decker BDH2000PL
From the very popular series of black and Decker, this one is also a hit model in the market. As compared with other models in the list, this one might seem to you as a bit expensive model. But at the same time if you consider its features then you will never think of it as an expensive machine. As far as the features are concerned, follow to find out what it has got:
Here is the list of features of this model:
There are crevice tools with 3 stage filtrations that give brilliant cleaning and cleaner air exhaust.
The dirt bowl is easy to empty and clean with soapy water. Also, the dirt bowl is dishwasher friendly.
There is convenient pivot action that helps in convenient reach.
The machine is quite light in weight and easy to handle. The storage is also convenient.
Full review of Black and Decker BDH2000PL
7. Black and Decker PAV1205
In terms of brilliant features, amazing crafting and budget friendliness, PAV1205 is a model that will surely interest you. This is a compact vacuum machine designed for automobiles. It is a lightweight model so you don't have to trouble yourself much in cleaning. Also, the machine has got really powerful suction so that you can get the best cleaning even in the most confined areas of your car. The capacity of this machine is sufficient enough so that you don't have to make frequent trips to the bin for emptying the dirt bowl and undergoing the cleaning process all over again.
Here is the list of features of this model:
It has a long cord that makes the machine easy to reach the most confined places.
As it is a compact model, you can take it anywhere with you.
Also, there is a 200-degree pivoting nozzle that can reach every tight spot in the car. There are around 10 settings with the nozzle that makes it quite flexible in usage.
The cyclonic action keeps a consistent supply of suction to the machine.
This one comes with multiple accessories for more efficient cleaning and functionality.
Full review of Black and Decker PAV1205
8. Vax h90-ga-b gator handheld vacuum cleaner
This one is my favorite as I love its tendency to eliminate all the dirt from my car and it looks so cute and tiny. It is a perfect handheld machine, enriched with multiple admirable features. This machine makes cleaning much effortless. The built-in crevice tools help in effective cleaning in the areas that are difficult to reach. This one comes with 2 years of warranty of the machine by VAX Gator.
Here is the list of features of this model:
This machine has got built-in crevice tool that helps in quick pickup of the dry spells.
There is transparent dirt bowl that gives you an insight in the machine. You can empty the dirt bowl when it is packed to its capacity.
The flexible mouth and tools of the machine are quite amazing on floors and upholstery for quick cleaning.
It is a cordless and lightweight design for quick cleaning without troubling yourself much.
It has got a very powerful motor that helps in getting rid of minute dust particles with mere one swash of the machine.
Full review of Vax h90-ga-b gator handheld vacuum
All the models that I have listed above are the best of a kind. If you don't want to trouble yourself in reading the reviews separately and then making a decision then I would say that all the options are safe for purchase. You can pick anyone you like and hit “Add to cart” button.
Do you need a vacuum cleaner for your carpet as well? Then follow the complete and in-depth guide on Best vacuum for carpet here. I promise you will be able to get the right vacuum for your need that you have been looking for.
Final Verdict
On considering the options that I have specified above, there are various best car vacuums that can interest you. I am personally quite impressed with the cyclonic technology of the products. Every product is light in weight and has a 12V battery. Taking into account all the features, I would only say that you don't have to worry about your money if you happen to buy any of the above-mentioned models. So anyone who is looking for best car vacuum, in this review you can find plenty of fine options.
Feel free to contact us if you have any kind of query or questions regarding choosing your best vacuum. Our support will be right back to you the very moment you need it.
Happy Shopping Guys! 🙂
1. PRIMORDIAL GNOSIS is knowledge, wisdom. That is the meaning of the word Gnosis: knowledge. But we are not just referring to any knowledge here. Gnosis is very special knowledge. It is knowledge that causes a great transformation in those who receive it. Knowledge capable of nothing less than waking up and Spiritually liberating those who acquire it. That is its purpose: to throw light on the status of human beings and to try to wake up man and help him escape from the prison in which he finds himself. That is the reason why this knowledge has been repeatedly under attack throughout the course of history, because it is knowledge considered dangerous for the religious and political authorities who govern mankind from the shadows. For that reason Gnosis has always remained occult. Gnosis is secret knowledge, only accessible to those who deserve to have it. Different religions throughout history have tried to keep man ignorant of this knowledge, of this type of knowledge called Gnosis. Now we will find out why. What I am calling Primordial Gnosis is the pure form of Gnosis. It is always the same and will never change as long as the Spiritual situation in which man finds himself and all that we call "creation" or "world" don't change. On the few occasions in the past in which Primordial Gnosis was openly exposed, it was not in its pure form but was adapted to the cultural and historical particularities of the time and place. However, Primordial Gnosis has always been behind almost every theological and philosophical system which has been branded heretic, forbidden, persecuted and forced to become occult. By examining this forbidden knowledge it is possible to recover the pieces necessary to reconstruct the whole of that which is Primordial Gnosis. And if that knowledge were to be discovered and written down, it would be a very powerful and disturbing book. It would be the most dangerous text in the world, capable of waking up and liberating those who read and study it. Such a book would be a strange object in this created world, something not fabricated here, but coming from somewhere else, from another world completely different to this one. It would also be capable of surviving flames as well as time. Throughout this book I will try to keep as close as possible to that which was and is Primordial Gnosis, Gnostic knowledge in its pure form. > Continue reading next chapter: Matter is evil
Here is what you need to know on this Tuesday, February 23, one day before the NFL Combine in Indianapolis.
Why the Redskins should release RG3 today
The time has come.
The Redskins need to release Robert Griffin III from his $16.15 million 2016 option contract and they need to do it today.
Perhaps they should have done it a while ago, sometime between August 31 of last year when Jay Gruden handed the keys to the franchise to Kirk Cousins and last week.
But they have held on to Griffin for a couple of reasons. They want to see if they can generate some trade action for him. That would involve the Redskins finding a team so interested in Griffin that they would want to give up a draft pick to get him rather than waiting until March 9 when the Redskins have to cut him. Then, if the Redskins can locate that team they would have to persuade Griffin to give up his right to shop his services wherever he wants to and negotiate a new contract with this team since nobody is going to trade for him at $16 million per year.
Sounds far fetched, right? Yeah, it's not happening.
The other reason Griffin remains a Redskin is that organization wants to use him as some sort of leverage, a “pawn” in the words of one former agent, in negotiations for a new contract for Cousins. I would love to hear Cousins' agent laughing when they tried to tell him that they could let Cousins walk and go with a $16 million player they benched and who wants nothing to do with him. In fact, watching Bruce Allen try to claim that with a straight face might be pretty amusing, too.
Even though both of these ploys have been pointless for quite some time there really hasn't been any reason to let Griffin go. Why not keep him in hopes that an NFL team completely loses its mind or that Cousins' agent Mike McCartney wakes up one morning suffering from some sort of temporary amnesia and forgets all of what has transpired regarding Griffin since 2012? But tomorrow the NFL Combine starts and that's why the Redskins should cut ties with Griffin today.
Jay Gruden will be addressing the media on Wednesday afternoon. And won't be just the local media, who know the story on Griffin and would keep questions on why he's still there to a minimum. There will be national reporters and media from every NFL team. Any beat writer from any team who might be interested in Griffin will be there looking for quotes about RG3.
So, instead of talking about how his 2015 playoff team is going to look to make itself better this year he could be in a situation where he is getting peppered with questions about a player who will definitively not be with the team in two weeks.
And Gruden is not a very good liar. That's a fine quality for a human being, not so much for one who would be expected to continue the bluff and say that Griffin could still be a part of their plans going forward.
So, which will it be? Can one of the voices of the Redskins appear in front of media from all over the league and paint a vision of what a bright future will look like? Or will Gruden have to keep up the charade and keep rehashing the team's dysfunctional past?
The choice seems obvious but there is no guarantee that the organization will take the right course of action.
Timeline
—The Redskins last played a game 44 days ago. It will be about 201 days until they play another one.
—Days until: NFL Combine 1; NFL free agency starts 15; 2016 NFL draft 65
In case you missed it
Recently, I received a message from a who read Puzzling People and they asked me this question: "Why are ALL fairy tales about psychopaths and psychopathic behavior?"Mythology and folklore are really an early form of psychology. In a pre-scientific era - it was the only means by which average people could anchor their frustration and warnings to others regarding the Consciousness Parasites and other pathological predators within the material world - without having to rely exclusively on supernatural-religious concepts such as demons, succubi and so on. This was probably to avoid charges of witchcraft and blasphemy. So rather than deal with purely religious motifs - from around the Middle Ages on - the psychopath entered into the world of children's fairy tale.Just about all European fairy tales from this period on are about psychopaths and psychopathic behaviour. How to recognise their traits, and deal with them. This is not by accident - a collective folk memory was generated in the guise of children's stories of wicked stepmothers, wolves disguised as kindly and familiar people turning out to be killers. This repository of pathological awareness was essentially the only option available to a mainly illiterate population of the time. A powerful method to warn others in such a way that would be passed on and without risking ridicule and censure - by application of a linguistic folk art to develop changes in the collective consciousness. Ultimately, this is what these fairy tales were attempting to achieve going forward - a warning of sorts. While also serving the function of an allegorical collective therapy session to heal past trauma within a community caused by psychopaths in the past.An oral tradition retained within the tribal consciousness to keep the community's "spirits up". Their need to go to the trouble of creating a vast and complex canon of fairy tales - shows how people of the past knew they were dealing with something that wasn't fully human. These "uneducated" pre-Freudian folk were acutely aware that the mind contained different levels of awareness. Trauma was not always retained within the ego - but in "another mind" behind it. This also, in a collective senses, was linked to the overall emotional health and safety of the community at large.Anyone who has ever been personally damaged by a psychopath - in a psychological sense - will freely admit that there is something unearthly about the experience. I myself have spoken to hardcore atheists who used terms such as "demonic" to describe the effects it had on them and how they rationalised the experience. They used terms such as demonic not because they were ignorant, superstitious, or lacked any erudite skills - but because it was all they had left in their intellect to deal with the psychological effects in terms of expressing what had been done to them.The proliferation of the psychopath in European fairy tales just goes to show how serious the psychopath was taken by our ancestors. More tellingly, in terms of the written word and popular literature - not until the arrival of Bram Stoker's Dracula was the metaphor of the psychopath brought back into the popular consciousness. There wasn't much else in between in this regard.Increasing levels of literacy among the population as a whole, then became a means whereby the Psychopathic Control Grid could essentially deny their own existence to the mass of the population. Filling their minds and expectations with impossible and doomed love stories and flowery epics. Did heroes unquestioningly sacrifice themselves willingly for the nobility and nation, and the toxic relationship was deemed "romantic".Even today, Robert Hare spending 30 years studying this issue still came up with the term "Intra-Species" predator. If that does not conjure up a folklore image then I don't know what does.
Is Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) under pressure to contest more seats in Gujarat? The political grapevine in the national capital is abuzz with the word that Bharatiya Janata Party, on the backfoot in the state for the first time in 22 years, would like smaller parties like AAP, NCP and JD(U) to field as many candidates as BJP wants in a bid to divide opposition votes.
To be fair, this is standard operating procedure in Indian elections and all ruling parties seem to engage in this game in varying degrees.
“I have heard from credible sources that the BJP has offered to fund their campaign and also identify their candidates in the state,” says Congress leader and former Union minister Ajay Maken. AAP, with support in urban pockets in the state, is being prodded to put up both Muslim and Patidar candidates in the state, he claimed in a chat with NH.
Maken, who had predicted two months ago that AAP would contest in Gujarat, reiterated his belief that AAP is influenced by the RSS and cannot say ‘ no' to BJP's parent body.
“They will not contest in Karnataka because that would hurt the BJP there,” says Maken before adding, “ the same reasoning is behind their decision not to contest in Himachal Pradesh.”
AAP does seem to pop up wherever BJP is in power and has succeeded in mopping up crucial votes that would otherwise have gone to the main opposition, in most cases the Congress.
There appears some substance in the allegation. AAP's decisions to contest in Punjab, but not in Haryana which is Arvind Kejriwal's home state, to put up candidates in Goa and make a strong pitch for a ‘Christian' chief minister, its decision to keep away from elections in Uttarakhand and Uttar Pradesh but jump into the fray in Gujarat seem to follow a pattern.
In Goa, there was a 4 per cent difference between votes polled by the BJP and the Congress. AAP polled 6.3 per cent of the votes and seemed to have done its job assigned to it.
AAP insiders claim that the party has strong support in approximately 25 urban constituencies in Gujarat, where it will put up a good show. Most of these constituencies, significantly, have sizeable Muslim voters. But these sources also admit that the party is under pressure from the BJP to field many more candidates, as many as 150 of them.
The NCP and the JD(U) are similarly getting ready to contest in Gujarat. NCP leader Praful Patel, who had cosied up to the BJP and reminded JD(U) MLA in Gujarat, Chhotubhai Vasava, to vote for the BJP in the Rajya Sabha election in August, has begun criticising Prime Minister Narendra Modi and the Government at the Centre. Once again, the attempt appears to make dents into the anti-BJP votes.
Moore Bettah
ukuleles
GALLERY OF RECENT WORK
Rockin' Hawaiian Style--The RICK VITO ukulele
Rick performing with the Island Rumours Band at the Grand Wailea Beach Resort in Maui.
Let this be a lesson that mai tais and a steady camera hand are not compatible!
:
Tenor 4 string built for Bob Kevonian of the nationally syndicated radio "Bob & Tom Show". Bob was a joy to work with on this ukulele as we shared he same love of nostalgic Hawaii. The "Pin-up Hula Girl" inlay is scrimshawed in fossil mastadon ivory and is reminiscent of a World War II bomber painting. The hibiscus flowers are inlayed with composition stone.
and FLAMINGOS !
Lots of flamingos getting a leg up on this exceptional concert ukulele. Gorgeous 5A red hued curly koa compliments the pink accents of this uke. Tenor sized neck for easier playing and more versatility. The use of Peghed tuners are staggered on the head stock so as to not interfere with the inaly.
Simply a stunning ukulele and a fun challenge to build.
DRAGONS !
I have about 60 hours of inlay work on this left handed tenor cutaway. The curves of the lower bout and around the side sound port presented challenges of their own. Inlay materials include reconstituted chrysacola stone, gold MOP, and paua abalone shell. Peghed tuners work perfectly on an uke like this.
Please note: If you have never been to an art museum before or if you are offended by the occasional representation of (gasp) the female breast, you are advised to view these pages while wearing welding goggles.
Hokule'a tribute uke
This is a tribute ukulele honoring the Hokule'a, a modern-day representation of the ancient Polynesian sailing canoes. It was originally built in 1975 to prove that the Hawaiians just didn't stumble upon their island, which was a common belief at the time, but in reality were expert navigators that learned to use natural elements including the stars, wind, currents and other indicators to travel great distances across the planet.In building this tribute uke I have attempted to capture the most meaningful symbols that highlight the Hokule'a's voyages and mission. The inlay on the soundboard was rendered after a painting by Polynesian Voyaging Society co-founder, Herb Kane, showing the Wa'a (canoe) beating upwind. The fret board, sporting the name of the vessel is surrounded with a field of stars. Upon closer inspection, one can detect the constellations the Northern Cross on the upper end of the fret board and the Big Dipper, whose handle points to Arcturas (aka: Hokule'a in Hawaiian). A ti leaf lei encircles the headstock and embraces our planet Earth, the ti leaf being a symbol of luck, gratitude and thanks. The words "Malama Honua" on the head stock reminds us to care for our Island Earth, a term that is coined by Hokule'a's latest voyage, a voyage that encourages environmental sustainability around the world. This ukulele has the finest tone woods including a Sitka spruce top and the rare and beautiful Hawaiian Milo back and sides. It's framed off with super curly koa that widens into a graceful arm rest making it even more comfortable to hold and enjoy. The sound is also enhanced by the bound side sound port and it's protected with a perfect gloss finish.
100% of the proceeds from the sale of this exquisite ukulele are being donated to the Polynesian Voyaging Society.
Mahalo to Ledward Kaapana for his lovely slack key rendition of "Hokule'a, Star of Gladness".
Serenity
The Pin-up Girl
The Faery Garden
da Tree mahogany w/ bearclaw spruce
Shadows
Scrimshawed faux ivory on Black & White Ebony
The Volcano
Hula Dancer
Every year in the Spring time I try to make time to build one ukulele in honor of the Merrie Monarch Hula Festival. The week-long festival attracts hula halau from all over the world.
With this ukulele the customer wanted me to feature our volcano, Kilauea, with sleepy, unsuspecting Kalapana lying in the foreground. The last (and current) eruption of Kilauea has lasted for 35 years and has claimed 300 homes in it's path. The lava enters the ocean about 15 miles from where I live. It makes life interesting.
I knew this this extraordinary and rare wood called for a subtle yet powerful inlay. My intention was to let the wood be the star of this show. Through the grain in the wood I saw highlights and shadows only, there was no middle ground so I worked off of the contrasts. I think the end result is lovely, with each element complimenting the other.
ULU (aka: Breadfruit)
This is the first uke I've every built with ulu wood but I had a hunch it would work well since it was very stiff and extremely light. My expectations were surpassed after I strung it up. What a full, dynamic tone she has. I wish I had a truck load of it but it is rare indeed. Paired with the dense and relatively heavy Macassar ebony it is a winning combination.
This one one of our ulu trees growing about 15' from my shop door. You rarely see ulu wood for sale because the tree doesn't grow that large and it is too valuable of a food source to cut down. Breadfruit was one of the "canoe foods" carried by the early voyaging Polynesians. And for good reason. Not only is the fruit delicious (somewhat like a potato), but the sap was used as glue in canoe building and the bark could be pounded and made into clothing (tapa.)
Bamboo, a study in black & white
I used the leftover scraps from the body for the inlay one this uke. My intention was to keep it monochromatic and as subtle as I could as if the bamboo was growing from the fret board.
The Swing
One of my all-time favorites. I made the inlay material for water in order to simulate the mermaid's tail being submerged. This challenge casued me several weeks of disturbed sleep.
Jus' Press #2
This uke is unmistakably Led Kaapana!
It's our green seas, not the blue, that bring life to our oceans. Here sunlight powers the growth of enchanted forests of kelp, mangroves and prairies of seagrass. They are the most abundant but fiercely competitive places in the ocean to live.
The most bountiful kelp forests are found off the tip of southern Africa, where two great oceans collide. Almost a hundred different species of shark patrol these waters, driving one resident - the common octopus - to become the ultimate escape artist. To outwit her nemesis, the pyjama shark, she uses ingenious tactics, never filmed before.
Along the Pacific coast of North America stand, at 60 metres high, the largest and perhaps most diverse kelp forests in the world. In clearings, bright orange male Garibaldi fish guard territories of short turf seaweed. When spiny urchins invade and graze their crops, the Garibaldi desperately pick them off. But urchins can swarm in vast numbers and even attack and fell the kelp forest itself, creating vast 'urchin barrens'. All is not entirely lost, thanks to the return of a ravenous forest resident - sea otters. Back in the late 1800s, sea otters were hunted for their thick pelts to near extinction. And with them gone, urchin numbers rose, destroying many forests. Today, thanks to protection, sea otter numbers are recovering, along with the health of the forest. In a filming first, we reveal great rafts of sea otters now numbering in their hundreds.
In warmer waters another green sea takes hold. Off Western Australia, vast prairies of seagrass extend to the horizon. Here, grazing green turtles are stalked by tiger sharks. By keeping turtles on the move, tiger sharks prevent the seagrass meadows from being overgrazed. In this way, sharks have become surprising allies in the fight against climate change - as a patch of seagrass is 35 times more efficient at absorbing and storing carbon than the same area of rainforest.
Once a year, one sea meadow in Australia is overrun by an extraordinary invasion. With the first full moon of winter, strange creatures emerge from the deep - spider crabs. The army marches into the shallows and starts to pile one on top of each other, building mounds over a metre high. They then moult. Soft-bodied and weakened, they must avoid the patrolling four-metre-long stingrays.
Further along the coast, the greatest gathering of cuttlefish in the world takes place, as males battle it out for the right to mate. But even among these giant cuttlefish, the largest of their kind, it's not always size that counts. A smaller, sneaky male uses subterfuge, even pretending to be a female, to confuse rivals and get his girl. Even raising your young can be tough in such a competitive place. A weedy seadragon sets out on an epic quest to give his young the very best start in life.
Vast numbers of the ocean's baby fish start their lives in the green seas. The richest nurseries of all are the mangrove forests. Straddling the boundary between land and sea, they provide shelter for the juvenile fish. But in the mangroves of Western Australia lives a deadly assassin - the 40cm-long zebra mantis shrimp. In a surprising story of betrayal, a male shrimp will abandon his mate of possibly 20 years, trading up for a larger female.
And there is one other green sea that supports more life than all the rest combined. Unlike the mangrove forests and prairies of seagrass, its existence in the open seas is only temporary. Microscopic algae flourish into vast blooms, providing a feast for plankton-feeding fish like billions of anchovies. In Monterey Bay, California, the giant shoals draw in thousands of dolphins, sea lions and humpback whales who all race to claim their share of the feast.
Tonight I'm driving for Lyft—the conspicuously stylish, pink mustachioed ride-sharing service based in San Francisco, my current home. That in itself is unremarkable; there are many people like me living parallel lives: I have a car (a Subaru Outback). I live in The City, where I regularly and graciously receive $62 parking tickets for not having a J permit. I pay an increasingly onerous amount on rent for a room that curiously shares the qualities of a diorama. And, like many 20-somethings with a degree in political science, I am woefully under-employed in my field. My dad's response, which has become a refrain: “as long as you're on a path...”
I digress.
What's remarkable is that I haven't driven for Lyft in almost two months. Though drivers are encouraged to spend time on the road each week (approximately 10 hours), this “minimum” is a more friendly suggestion than a rule. Many drivers I've talked with, like me, slip in and out of Lyft's network as their day jobs, schooling or passions fluctuate. According to Lyft, the company has hundreds of drivers in its network. But only a fraction of which can be seen driving on a given night.
That kind of as-needed convenience has obvious benefits. For ride-sharing companies such as Lyft, flexibility helps attract, empower and retain drivers. And for me, and myriads of artists, freelancers, do-gooders, people in search of work, recent graduates of the humanities, and the under-stimulated, it means an on-demand revenue stream and the opportunity to find meaning on life's winding road. The latter of which is a true rarity and a real boon.
I signed up to be a driver in a fever panic. It was late December 2012. The fog had rolled into my sleepy Inner Sunset neighborhood and had, like a bad houseguest, decided to stay “just a few more weeks.” Lyft had been operating for the better half of the year. And, as was my custom, I was broke, without having done my Christmas shopping. I was starting to imagine the look on my dad's face as he opened the festive envelope—“Honey, Nick sent limericks again... nice font though.”
I was working from home at the time, doing research and providing editorial assistance for a book project on social entrepreneurship. Loved-ones could find me in my room with the shades drawn or at UCSF's library posing as a med student, sitting in the writer's position for hours on end, waiting for lightning to strike. I'd often find myself drifting off into a world away from screens while drooling into mine. Then I'd come to and realize that I couldn't bill the last hour of work. At 25, I was becoming crotchety, donning sweatpants and Crocs. My socks rarely matched. These are the pitfalls of working from home.
I had heard about Lyft through a friend who moonlighted as a driver while attending the College of Traditional Chinese Medicine by day. She had spoken glowingly but with a poetic vagueness about her experience chauffeuring strangers in the middle of the night. So I Googled the pink mustache and founds answers.
“Would you rather be a fruit or a vegetable?” an enthusiastic voice asked during the phone interview to become a driver. “Definitely a fruit, more specifically a tomato so I could pose as a vegetable,” I fired back without a touch of irony.
I was nervously pacing in my bedroom/home office. The voice in my head said, “That was definitely too corny and weird for someone who's supposed to be trusted driving strangers.”
“Great answer,” the Lyft representative said.
I stopped pacing and exhaled.
In the seven months since becoming a Lyft driver, my computer work has become much more manageable, even pleasant. Long periods of not talking to people are now punctuated with an hour of driving interesting and fun folks of all stripes during the day. Writer's block is now something to look forward to. Before Lyft, my response to arrested creativity was to sit in my garden and pout, maybe cry. Now I can hop in my car and earn some money instead of idling my day away.
But perhaps most crucial to the casual soul searcher, Lyft allows its drivers to experience real human interaction with people outside their circles and themselves. ­Forced interaction—having to sit next to a complete stranger for up to 20 minutes at a time, in traffic—is where serendipity exists and magic happens. While driving, I've met people who grew up in my neighborhood and share my friends in D.C. I've gotten leads on tech-companies and the colorful people behind them, sometimes breaking their story before TechCrunch. I've had the pleasure of driving strippers to North Beach, ravers to warehouses, cooks to their kitchens, climbers to the gym, and CTO's to their very important and esoteric meetings. Nearly every pick up yielded a candid window into an unfamiliar life, which helped inform my own.
A steering wheel and a pink mustache for a journalist—much like a stethoscope for a doctor—offers an air of legitimacy, turning an ordinary, inquisitive dude into a symbol of trust. When a person hops into my mostly-clean car they'll first look at me to see if I'm crazy. If everything checks out, they'll then start opening up, like old friends at their high school reunion. “So then my landlord's mom said to me I should just…”—nowhere have I had better conversations with strangers than in the comfort of my car.
I've come to find that given the right prompting questions, every passenger has a story to tell. Many won't fall under the 24-hour news cycle but most are newsworthy, if not ridiculous or inspiring. Like the guy who, after a painful divorce, moved in with a bunch of post-grad punks, quit his desk job and started perfecting pork belly burger recipes with all his free time. I saw him just a couple months later operating a successful pork belly pop-up on Dolores Street. Stories of creative destruction abound in this city.
Keeping busy without having to focus on a single project has been a breath of fresh air. So is driving with the windows down. With the extra income from Lyft, I've been able to take on work-trades and pursue otherwise-impossible learning opportunities. I was able to finance some trips, too. On one of such trips—a road trip to the Yukon—I got lucky and met Wade Davis, explorer in residence at the National Geographic Society, who gave me this little piece of advice: “A career is not a coat that you just put on. It's a patchwork that's woven around you.” I couldn't agree more: write, intern, learn, drive.
The head of Nigerian militant group Boko Haram has threatened to disrupt the country's elections, which were already postponed until next month because of violence.
In a new video posted online late Tuesday, Boko Haram chief Abubakar Shekau said that even if clashes cost his fighters their lives, Allah will not allow the elections to proceed.
The militant group has repeatedly warned Nigerians not to vote in the presidential and parliamentary elections, now set for March 28. The polls were originally scheduled for February 14 but election officials decided to push back the vote.
Meanwhile, reports from southeastern Niger say at least 20 people were killed after an unidentified plane dropped a bomb on a village near the Nigerian border. Nigeria has denied responsibility for the bombing, which took place in an area where Boko Haram is active.
The Nigerian military says its forces have killed more than 300 militants and retaken 11 towns from Boko Haram during air and land operations since Monday.
There was no way to independently confirm the military's claims.
Boko Haram has killed thousands of Nigerians in the past five years and seized numerous towns in the northeast for what it calls an Islamic caliphate.
Forces from Niger, Cameroon and Chad are working to help Nigeria fight the group, which has responded with attacks in each of those countries.
Inside Nigeria, bombs went off in three different locations Tuesday, causing dozens of casualties. The violence included an attack at a political rally for the opposition APC party in Okrika, a town in southern Rivers state.
APC is mounting a strong challenge to the ruling PDP party and President Goodluck Jonathan, who has faced intense criticism for failing to stop Boko Haram.
A few years ago, two men went to an Orioles game at Camden Yards. The game withstood a prolonged rain delay but was eventually postponed. Somehow, through hours of drink and delirium, our two heroes were locked in the gorgeous stadium by themselves during a torrential downpour. The story of what they did to pass the time under these circumstances — with photo evidence — is incredible and inspirational, the fantasy of just about every American man. But is it real?
This story was originally sent to writer Drew Magary but forwarded through a long chain of emails of indeterminate origin. The names of the individuals involved are not included. The actual date of the game isn't included. We've been trying to track down its origins, but to no avail. Now, you, I-Team, have the story and can help us find out if these merry, drunk Orioles fans did, in fact, live out our dreams, or if this tale has been doctored and fictionalized for greater enjoyment.
Please forward any and all clues to tips@deadspin.com. Subject "Camden Yards."
But for now, read on, enjoy, and investigate.
Everything [sic]:
I've been a Baltimore Orioles fan for as long as I can remember, so when my sister moved to Baltimore for a new job, it was a great excuse for me to go visit her and get a few O's games in while I'm there. A few years back, one of my best friends decided to take the trip with me for a weekend series against the Minnesota Twins. Given that he had never been to Camden Yards before, we planned on going to all three games Friday through Sunday. Unfortunately we only made it to two games, but the story about the one we missed out on is even better. All day Saturday had been overcast with scattered rain showers. In addition, the weathermen were forecasting constant rain showers that evening during the game which was supposed to start at 7pm. Being the diehard fans that we are, we decided, what the hell. Let's go to the game anyways and see what happens. We went to the stadium, purchased out tickets and found shelter in the left outfield lower level seats under the overhang. The game was delayed for a few hours, but we were content hanging out and drinking a few of the airplane bottles of rum we had snuck in. After about 45 minutes, the announcer came over the loudspeaker saying that the game had been postponed and would be made up at a later date. At this point, most people had already left the stadium, but my buddy and I, realizing we still and a decent amount of liquor left, decided to chill in our seats until an usher came by and made us leave. After about 30 minutes, we realized that we were the only fans left in the stadium. After about an hour, we realized that we were the only people left in the ballpark. Immediately we realized that the ballpark was our playground. With a decent amount of liquid courage running though our bloodstreams we decided to leave our comfortable seats under the outfield canopy and go exploring. Feeling that we would immediately be caught as soon as we appeared near the outfield wall we were pretty cautious, but once we walked the entire left outfield, we felt pretty confident that we could get away with making a quick shimmy up the foul pole in left field [Ed. note: See photo above. Camden is indeed 333 feet to left.] . After that we decided to follow the left field foul line all the way in behind home plate. At this point the heavens really opened and it started to pour. God must have been telling us something, because right in the middle of the field was the tarp covering the entire infield. To us, it looked like the world's largest slip ‘n' slide. After a few runs out onto the field we decided that we had had a great time and honestly, how could we top what we just did.
(Video by Emma Carmichael; music by Deadspin Family Orchestra)
Needing a few more drinks, we made our way towards the walking street in the ballpark, Eutaw St. Here is the world famous Boog's Barbeque Stand where during games you can get draft beer, barbeque, burgers and dogs. Being a bit thirsty and hungry we decided to rummage around and see what we could find. The coolers were locked, but we found cheese, hamburger buns, and semi-hot grill at our disposal and proceeded to make our fill of grilled cheese. While we're eating our grilled cheese, I decide to test the taps (all the handles have been removed) and to my surprise, cold frothy beer came pouring out. For about the next hour and a half we ate grilled cheese and drank draft Bud Light while it poured down rain. After we had our fill we came to the realization that we were really and truly locked in. We started walking Eutaw St. to find an exit, but both gates were locked and none of the shops or offices that are in the warehouse was open. While making our 3rd trip down Eutaw St. looking for an exit, we heard a voice behind us yell, "Hey, what are you all still doing in here?!?" In our most convincing (and sober) voices we were able to convince the gentleman that we had fallen asleep in our seats to wake up to an empty ballpark. Somehow this schmuck bought our story and apologized profusely for our "inconvenience." He then walked us to the gate and sent us on our way. As we exited the ballpark we both looked at each other and I said, "Not too bad for a rainout huh?"
Advertisement
So what do you think? Is it real or fake as a wooden leg?
UPDATE: We interview the two dudes.
**Before we get started I just want to show you exactly what we have upcoming for the NFL season. Football is upon us and whether it's season-long fantasy football or DFS, the staff here at DFS Army has you covered. If this link doesn't make you so excited that you want to run through a brick wall then I don't know what will. Here is what is in store for the 2018 NFL season.
NFL Fantasy Football Auction Draft Strategies
The goal of an auction draft is to give everyone equal opportunity to acquire the player nominated for bidding. In essence, the entire league is determining that player's value rather than just one owner who would have drafted the individual in a certain round. There are a few very important intricacies that you need to know before heading into the auction in order to be the most prepared owner in the league. The more prepared you are the quicker you can adapt, and trust me if you aren't prepared you'll end up spending 33% of your salary cap on Vinny Testaverde in the late 1990's. Okay, so maybe you wouldn't do as poorly as I did in my first one, but if you were concerned that you might pull a Vinny 2.0, then this article is for you.
Create Auction Tiers
The biggest piece of advice I can give someone for doing a fantasy football auction draft is to tier your targeted player pool. By tiering your player pool you know exactly how many people you want in that tier and the pre-auction value that you have set on them. During the bidding process if someone from your first tier is about to be purchased for the price of someone that was won in your second tier, then you hop into that bidding war and grab that player at a nice value. The value of the players are determined by the people in the room, and just like any other draft style accruing as much value over the course of a draft will set you up for success as you enter your regular season.
Set a Budget
Once we have set our tiers we need to then set a percentage of your salary you are willing to spend on that tier. This will help you from blowing your budget on one player and handcuffing the rest of your auction bidding. Whether you spend $10 on a $100 budget or $20 on a $200 budget, it is the exact same 10% price point. By creating tiers and applying percentages we avoid worrying about the actual dollar amounts and just look at everything in percentages. Spending $55 on someone might seem like you just wasted a ton of salary, but if you stick to your script and don't go above your percentages you should have excellent bankroll management for late in the auction when the real value appears. Seeing everything in percentiles also lets you know if you are gaining value throughout the draft and allows you to spend up elsewhere if you have extra percentage points to use up at other positions. Did you save 5% more than you thought when you won the bid on Julio Jones? Great, now use that extra 5% towards a better quarterback.
Bidding Wars
Bid on virtually every player to disguise your true intentions. If you just sit back and don't bid on any of the quarterbacks and then Carson Palmer is nominated and you go buck wild and start bidding, people will know you desperately want this guy. When others in your league know you're really high on someone they are going to bid you up, meaning even if they don't want them but they know you'll do anything to get Palmer then they'll keep bidding just enough to keep you hooked. As they see your resolve start to wane they will bow out right before you snap. You'll end up overbidding for Palmer and have buyers remorse after you realize you spent 10% of your budget on him when you had only allotted 5% of your salary for a quarterback. By bidding on many different players at all the positions you disguise your true desires and intentions. Just make sure not to take it too far and end up stuck with someone you didn't want.
Nominations
Don't be afraid to buy the first person nominated in the tier or at the position. Sometimes people are really gun shy at the beginning of an auction and feel the need to conserve their salary because there are plenty of other options. The law of supply and demand is real and at the beginning of the auction when there are eight elite wide receivers the first one or two might come at a value while the other owners don't feel like they're losing out at all because there are six or seven other elite options available. Often the first few elite guys at the position will go for less than the last few elite players at that position. I've watched Antonio Brown go for 25% of a budget while Calvin Johnson went for close to 50%. Both players are elite and should really help your team, but using 25% of your salary to acquire a similar player is as suboptimal as it gets.
DFS ARMY VIP MEMBERSHIP – Use promo DONUTS for 10% off and Bonus VIP entrance into our Slack!
Track Rosters and Start Runs
Track other league mates rosters and nominate a player that you believe several owners not only want but need. If you realize that there are three teams left waiting for their wide receiver one and you already won A.J. Green and Julio Jones, then throw out the next big wide receiver's name and watch the three owners start a bidding war. If you are ever able to do this with the last player in a tier and you believe multiple owners still need a player from that tier then you've struck gold. Someone is going to deplete their salary on that last elite wide receiver while the other two then have to overpay for multiple wide receiver two's.
Be cheap and throw out one of your favorite kickers or defenses for $1 and lock in one of the best options at the position. Every once in awhile you'll see a guy outbid you and throw $2 on Justin Tucker and while that stinks that you didn't get your guy the kicker tier should really just be all in one tier. The same goes for defenses. Now you need to know your league scoring for these two positions as some leagues have negatives for missed field goals and extra points which does separate the tiers and values a little bit, the same goes for defensive scoring rules.
Use Your Entire Budget
Lastly, don't ever save any auction salary. Use up every dollar you have and don't get stuck at the end of the auction with $28 left and only two positions to fill. At this point, most people have only a few dollars remaining and are just grabbing $1 dart throws. You are the bully at this point which is a good thing because you can get basically any player on the board because you can outbid them all, however, being able to outbid everyone for Sterling Shepard at $3 do you no good if you end the draft with $25 on the table. That $25 should have been used on a tier one running back or wide receiver hours ago.
Playing in a fantasy football auction league is one of the most fun experiences you will have fantasy wise. Make sure you are prepared and make the night one to remember. You can find me on Twitter @DFSnDONUTS where I post my daily articles and random statistics because I am a huge nerd.
**Editor Note** Would you like to see our new “Tiers” pricing?
Do you want access to the most advanced Daily Fantasy Sports tools in the industry? How about the chance to talk player picks and lineups with our DFS Pros and like-minded players? DFS Army VIP Members get all of that PLUS access to our best in the industry projections and optimization tools and have a massive track record of success. You won't find a better deal or a better DFS team to join!
Fortune favors the bold, go make your own luck!
-Donuts
In 1991, the world divided itself into two camps: those who believed Anita Hill and those who didn't. I fell somewhere in the middle: She may have told the truth, but so what?
On bended knee, give thanks if you are too young to remember. A brief summary: Hill testified that then-Supreme Court nominee Clarence Thomas had sexually harassed her by verbally sharing his enjoyment of porn films and his sexual proficiency.
Yes, yawn if you must. This was scandalous, of course, because . . . well, I'm still not certain. You see, to be scandalized, one must be deeply sensitive to the mention of anything sexual. Indeed, in this case, one needed to be scandalized for an indefinite period of time.
Hill's testimony came several years after she worked for Thomas at the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, where the alleged harassment took place. In other words, she didn't protest at the time of these conversations, which were boorish, assuming they happened as she described. Or were they merely lame attempts at humor?
The context has never been clear. In any case, other options available to Hill included telling Thomas to get over himself. Or, at the very least, assuming deep offense, complaining to a higher authority. She did neither, apparently.
In fact, nothing was mentioned until Thomas was nominated to the highest court. Would an African American nominee of the liberal persuasion have been subjected to the same kind of interrogation? Only as precedent to riot.
Clarence Thomas's "offense" had nothing to do with whether he did or did not say something off-color to a subordinate. Rather, his offense was being a conservative black man who had the audacity, among other things, to suggest that affirmative action ultimately might do harm to those it was intended to help.
Now we are revisiting the Thomas hearings, sadly owing to the poor judgment of his wife, Ginni. As all surely know, she recently called Anita Hill and left a voice mail suggesting that Hill apologize for what she did. This jaw-droppingly odd lapse has prompted an unwelcome and sordid review of the past and a deluge of theories to explain Ginni Thomas's action.
For one, the same day of the phone call, a story ran on the front page of the New York Times about Ginni Thomas's new nonprofit group, Liberty Central, which aims to organize the Tea Party movement. She was trying to monetize the moment.
Let's put a pause on nonsense and concede that the Thomas affair remains a painful memory and maybe, just maybe, the justice's wife needs resolution.
Meanwhile, a new player has emerged in the drama: Lillian McEwen, a former Thomas girlfriend from way back, has decided that now is the time to set the record straight. Coincidentally, McEwen is shopping her memoir.
On Monday night, McEwen sat down with Larry King on CNN (where I work) to share her own sexual past with Thomas and her belief that Hill told the truth. She told The Washington Post (where I am a columnist) that Thomas was "obsessed with porn."
McEwen said she didn't mind the porn, she was just bored by it. She also told King that Thomas, who quit drinking while they were together, became ambitious and obsessed with physical fitness.
Thomas's history of drinking is no secret to anyone who bothered to read his memoir, "My Grandfather's Son." He is brutally honest about his transformation from an angry boy abandoned by his alcoholic father, his upbringing by his grandfather and the nuns at his little Catholic school, and his battle with his own demons and lonely rages to become a thoughtful man deeply respected by fellow members of the court. As Supreme Court analyst Jan Greenburg wrote in "Supreme Conflict," Thomas is the quiet force on the bench who brings others to change their minds.
Only the heartless would not be moved by Thomas's description of lying at home in a fetal curl, suffering the public humiliation of his hearing, and recognizing that the only route to survival was humility.
"It had long since become clear to me that this battle was at bottom spiritual, not political," he wrote, "and so my attention shifted from politics to the inward reality of my spiritual life."
The proud Thomas said during those hearings that he was the victim of a high-tech lynching. Let's hope he has enough spiritual reserve to survive this second lynching -- and a big enough heart to forgive poor Ginni.
kathleenparker@washpost.com
The Kickstarter we ran last year successfully funded phase one of the Institute's development, and the community that grew out of this campaign allowed us to launch programs like IMMATERIAL, our digital journal, and a series of workshops, marathon readings, and installations around the world. Since then, MAI has received frequent unsolicited requests to volunteer and collaborate. We are committed to providing our volunteers with mentorship and experience, but most importantly with an opportunity to contribute to the creation of the first arts organization in history dedicated to long durational work at the intersection of art, sciences, and humanities. We believe in the transformational power of immaterial art and multidisciplinary collaboration and we seek volunteers who feel the same way to join us to create a future for our Institute.
* Emerging nations to nominate a Nigerian and Colombian
* U.S. hold on World Bank never contested before
* Washington said it will nominate U.S. candidate by Friday (Adds details on Okonjo-Iweala nomination)
By Lesley Wroughton
WASHINGTON, March 21 (Reuters) - Nigerian Finance Minister Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala and former Colombian Finance Minister Jose Antonio Ocampo are set to make the first concerted challenge to the U.S. grip on the top job at the World Bank, according to sources.
The two globally respected economists and diplomats will be nominated for the World Bank presidency by South Africa and Brazil, the sources with knowledge of emerging market efforts to find candidates said.
But with the bank's largest voting share and the expected support of most developed nations, the United States is still likely to ensure that another American succeeds Robert Zoellick, who plans to step down when his term expires at the end of June.
Washington has held the presidency since the bank's founding after World War Two, while a European has always led its sister organization, the International Monetary Fund. The United States has yet to publicly identify a nominee to succeed Zoellick.
The deadline for nominations is Friday, and the Obama administration has said it will name a candidate by then.
All of the World Bank's 187 member nations have committed to a transparent, merit-based process to select Zoellick's successor, a step adopted last year to give emerging economies a greater say in who heads the poverty-fighting institution.
Emerging and developing economies have long expressed a desire to break U.S. and European dominance of the two Bretton Woods institutions, but until now had failed to build a coalition large enough to mount a credible challenge.
Three sources said Ocampo, currently a professor at Columbia University in New York, would be formally nominated by Brazil, which chairs a cluster of Latin American countries, including Colombia, at the World Bank board.
Sources said South Africa will nominate Okonjo-Iweala, who served as a managing director at the bank until last year when she left to become finance minister.
Carlos Cozendey, the secretary of foreign affairs at Brazil's Finance Ministry, said both Ocampo and Okonjo-Iweala are “great” candidates and their candidacies signaled increased coordination among developing countries.
“We continue to believe that the president should be chosen based on merit, and it is very positive to have an open competition process,” Cozendey said.
Nominations will be submitted to the 25-member World Bank board, which will make a decision within the next month. Any extension of the deadline would require the board's approval.
“IMPRESSIVE CREDENTIALS”
The decision to nominate Okonjo-Iweala and Ocampo followed weeks of consultations among representatives from BRICS nations - Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa - and other developing countries at the World Bank board level aimed at finding credible nominees. Board sources said China also considered putting forward a candidate.
Two sources said South Africa's director at the World Bank board, Renosi Mokate, who also represents Nigeria and other English-speaking African countries, flew to Abuja to consult with Okonjo-Iweala about her nomination.
Her nomination was put in train after discussions between South African President Jacob Zuma and Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan, a source with knowledge of the talks said.
“The impressive credentials of both Ocampo and Okonjo-Iweala puts tremendous pressure on the White House to come up with a candidate of at least equivalent standing,” said Domenico Lombardi, a former World Bank board official now at the Brookings Institution in Washington.
“This is the first time in history we have a truly contested election,” Lombardi said.
Okonjo-Iweala and Ocampo, a former U.N. under-secretary for economic and social affairs, will join U.S. economist Jeffrey Sachs, who has the backing of a handful of small countries, on the nomination list.
Sources with knowledge of the Obama administration's thinking say Washington has focused its search on convincing a woman to enter the race.
Susan Rice, the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, is a leading contender, though it is not clear she wants the job, sources said. Lawrence Summers, a former economics adviser to President Barack Obama, has also been short-listed, sources said. He has declined to comment.
U.S. Senator John Kerry and PepsiCo's Indian-born chief executive, Indra Nooyi, also made the Obama administration's short list, according to a source. Kerry has publicly ruled out the job and a source said Nooyi is no longer in contention.
Sachs has said his aim is to challenge what he sees as a history of political appointments by the White House for the job, and he acknowledges he does not have Obama's support. He has been formally nominated by Bhutan and a grouping of developing countries including East Timor, Jordan, Kenya, Namibia and Malaysia, many of which he has advised.
Lombardi said the test was whether large emerging economies like China would support Ocampo and Okonjo-Iweala, or in the end side with the U.S. nominee in a backroom deal.
The United States has insisted that keeping an American at the helm of the World Bank was critical to ensuring that funds keep flowing from Congress to the institution. (Additional reporting by Kevin Yao in Beijing and; Alonso Soto in Brasilia; Editing by Richard Borsuk, Jonathan Hopfner and Paul Simao)
This article is about the candy. For other uses, see Cherry Blossom (disambiguation)
Cherry Blossom (unopened) with packaging in background.
Cherry Blossom is a type of chocolate bar[1] in Canada produced by Hershey Canada Inc.. Hershey used to produce it at its Canadian manufacturing facility in Smiths Falls, Ontario.
The candy had been manufactured since the 1890s by the Walter M. Lowney Company of Canada which was taken over by Hershey as a subsidiary brand.[2] The facility in Smiths Falls, north-east of Kingston, Ontario is now closed.
It consists of a maraschino cherry and cherry syrup surrounded by a mixture of chocolate, shredded coconut and roasted peanut pieces. The candy is sold in an individually wrapped 45-gram portion, packaged in a close-fitting cardboard box.
Contrary to common myth, filling is not injected inside the chocolate. The cherry candy is coated with an enzyme, invertase, that breaks down the solid into a liquid over the next 1 to 2 weeks.[3]
The Cherry Blossom candy provides 210 calories of food energy. It contains 10g fat (15%Daily), 29g carbohydrate (10%Daily), 1g fibre (4%Daily), 27g Sugars and a further 2 grams of protein.
UPC 0 68000 70227 0
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Prophecy Esports Profile Joined September 2017 1 Post #1
Team Prophecy E-sports is a recently born organization that started in Italy in 2017. In a very short time Team Prophecy became one of the best Italian Teams within the HearthStone scene, winning local LAN parties and achieving great placements in the European Ladder.
After the successful opening of the Hearthstone division, Juan Carlos Tena Lopez – known by everyone as "
Juan doesn't need presentations, being recognized throughout the world for his style of play. Juan is currently ranked 5 in the WCS Circuit standings after a fantastic year of tournaments, winning up to now more than $100,000 in his career.
Right this weekend, SpeCial will be representing Team Prophecy E-sports at WCS Event in Montreal, trying to secure his spot for the upcoming WCS Global Playoffs.
We really want Italy to have its place along with the great names in the world, and Juan has been one of our first big market hits, that not only opens our StarCraft II division but it also represents our first step to enter the world's esports scene.
is a recently born organization that started in Italy in 2017. In a very short time Team Prophecy became one of the best Italian Teams within the HearthStone scene, winning local LAN parties and achieving great placements in the European Ladder.After the successful opening of the Hearthstone division, Prophecy esport is proud and excited to open the new division of StarCraft II this September 2017, presenting a legend like– known by everyone as " SpeCial ".Juan doesn't need presentations, being recognized throughout the world for his style of play. Juan is currently ranked 5 in the WCS Circuit standings after a fantastic year of tournaments, winning up to now more than $100,000 in his career.Right this weekend, SpeCial will be representing Team Prophecy E-sports at, trying to secure his spot for the upcoming WCS Global Playoffs.We really want Italy to have its place along with the great names in the world, and Juan has been one of our first big market hits, that not only opens our StarCraft II division but it also represents our first step to enter the world's esports scene. "I'm very happy to join this organization. I am looking forward to representing them on WCS Montreal and future competitions. Please cheer for me" – SpeCial
We would also like to thank our sponsors: GIGABYTE, AORUS and Corsair.
Follow us on:
Facebook
This is just the beginning, we are going to present our full StarCraft II roster in few days, stay tuned for updates
We would also like to thank our sponsors: GIGABYTE, AORUS and Corsair.Follow us on:This is just the beginning, we are going to present our full StarCraft II roster in few days, stay tuned for updates
This story was originally published June 27, 2017.
After a century of pulling lead and zinc from the Sullivan mine in southeast British Columbia, the energy company Teck recently shut down the operation and began years of restoration work. Some of the land outside the city of Kimberley became a meadow with grass and trees, but it remained tainted after decades of mining activity.
There was no way it could be turned into a housing subdivision or some other development.
The area would likely have sat empty for decades if not for an initiative by the city to take it over and build a solar field. The project has since caught the attention of the mining industry as an innovative method of re-purposing old mining sites and generating revenue, even if the land is contaminated. As long as there are plenty of sunny days — or, in the case of wind farms, strong winds — a company has an opportunity to recoup some of the expense of cleaning up a mine, which can cost tens of millions of dollars.
Walk around Kimberley's SunMine solar field and you wouldn't know you're hiking above an old mining site. Solar panels fill the landscape, like 96 sunflowers tracking the sun from dawn until dusk. The SunMine produces one megawatt of electricity, enough to power about 200 homes, but there is enough land to expand to 200 megawatts in the future, more than enough to power Kimberley, which has about 7,000 people, and surrounding communities.
Teck donated the land to the city along with $2 million towards the $5.3-million project. Initial costs were high, because of legal fees and other one-time costs, officials say.
The SunMine is the largest solar project in British Columbia and has operated since the summer of 2015. (Kyle Bakx/CBC)
Finding new life
The city invested in the project to create jobs and reinforce its environmental values. However, the potential of putting renewable energy facilities on old mining and oilsands sites elsewhere in the country isn't lost on city officials, who operate the solar field.
"I think specifically in Alberta, where there are a number of [otherwise unsuitable] brownfield sites and they don't have the hydroelectric potential that British Columbia has, I could see this taking off," said Scott Sommerville, the city's chief administrator.
"It could be used instead of bringing diesel in to power remote communities. They could shift over and at least supplement their power supply with solar."
There is room to grow the solar field, according to Scott Sommerville, with the City of Kimberley 0:59
The thought of mining companies investing in renewable energy may seem far fetched, but those in the industry say the sector is looking for opportunities that make financial sense.
"Most of our clients are looking for these types of innovative ideas. Now, that doesn't mean they are necessarily looking to move away from their standard business, but they are looking at opportunities to diversify," said Meghan Harris-Ngae with the consulting firm Ernst & Young. She's based in Calgary and works with mining, oil and natural gas companies throughout North America.
"It's in its infancy right now. We have some examples of clients doing this not just in Canada, but globally."
The business case
Apart from boosting their environmental reputation, renewable energy provides an opportunity for companies to generate revenue from old mining sites, while also reducing their greenhouse gas emissions and generating carbon credits.
"It strikes the balance between environmental and economic benefit," said Harris-Ngae. "There's a huge opportunity to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and also offset greenhouse gas emissions both for business, but also within a province."
Making money from land that is otherwise unusable is important because reclaiming land is expensive and companies are under pressure from investors and government regulators to reduce their environmental impact. Cleaning up the Sullivan mine cost Teck more than $70 million.
Companies can generate revenue from closed mining sites and improve their environmental performance, according to consulting firm Ernst and Young 1:01
Government grant programs can help companies reduce the cost of renewable energy projects. The Alberta government invests money from its carbon tax into private-sector innovation, but environment department officials couldn't say whether such projects would qualify.
Kimberley turned a small profit last year on SunMine, even after payments on the $2 million the city borrowed to construct the project.
Growing interest in solar, wind
The mining industry's interest in renewable energy is not confined to generating revenue from a closed mine. Companies often work in remote parts of the country, far away from the electricity grid, so they have to rely on diesel generators for power. Increasingly, wind turbines are used to offset the diesel consumption at mining operations.
"The industry's interest in renewable generation across all phases of the mining lifecycle has picked up in recent years," said Brendan Marshall, vice president of economics and northern affairs with the Mining Association of Canada.
Kimberley's SunMine reflects the unique relationship between the mining and renewable energy industries. The site produces electricity instead of lead and zinc, these days. But many of the materials used to construct the solar project were produced from mines.
While the solar industry promotes itself as clean energy, the sector is becoming increasingly aware of its dependence on the mining industry.
Canadian mines produce 14 of the 19 minerals required by the solar industry, according to a report released by Clean Energy Canada on Tuesday.
"I think most people don't recognize that there is a relationship between solar panel and other clean energy technology and then the metals and minerals that are required for those technologies and the fact that we have to be mining those out of the earth," said Dan Woynillowicz, policy director with Clean Energy Canada, an environmental think tank associated with Simon Fraser University.
The relationship between the mining and renewable energy sectors could grow closer in the next decade, especially as the solar industry expands in Canada.
Senator John D. Rockefeller IV, the West Virginia Democrat who heads the committee, also expressed his support for “strong consumer-focused privacy legislation this year,” according to prepared remarks.
And he cast doubt on proposals for industry self-regulation. “Sometimes industry self regulation efforts do not end up protecting consumers,” Mr. Rockefeller said. “In my experience, corporations are unlikely to regulate themselves out of profits.”
Both Senator John F. Kerry, the Massachusetts Democrat, and Cameron Kerry, his brother, said it was important for the United States to establish its own privacy standard and not let European regulators dictate the industry standard.
Photo
Some Republican members of the Senate and the House have supported some privacy measures, while others have warned that strict new regulations could lead to an overexpansion of government red tape, inhibiting economic growth.
Senator Patrick J. Toomey, a Pennsylvania Republican, said at the hearing that he does not believe there is a demonstrated need for new privacy laws. “It's premature to begin discussing specific legislative fixes,” he said, “when we don't fully know whether the problem exists.”
Privacy concerns have come to the fore as consumers grow increasingly aware of just how closely their actions online are tracked. Individual Web sites or e-mail programs can follow users long after they leave a particular page on the Web, and in many cases use that information to display specific ads to the user. Sometimes, companies also sell the information to third parties.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Reflecting heightened consumer objections, the White House and the F.T.C. each produced privacy reports and recommendations this year calling for varying degrees of industry self-regulation and statutes. The White House has put forward what it calls a Privacy Bill of Rights to provide basic online protection guarantees.
Mr. Leibowitz, the F.T.C. chairman, said he was against the creation of a centralized database of Internet users who request not to be tracked, as has been done with “Do Not Call” telephone lists. That could cause privacy concerns itself, he said.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
While praising the efforts of retailing, advertising and technology companies to establish a “Do Not Track” mechanism, he also called on the industries to do more than simply block targeted ads. They should also address the collection of information by Web sites for other purposes, he said.
“While much work remains to be done on Do Not Track,” Mr. Leibowitz said, “the commission believes that the developments to date, coupled with legislative proposals, provide the impetus” toward useful methods of protecting privacy.
Mr. Leibowitz said he expects that “by the end of the year there's going to be meaningful To Do Not Track for American consumers so they can opt out of third-party advertisements.”
The F.T.C. also repeated its call for regulation of data brokers, companies that resell databases of personal information. Such oversight would allow consumers to see and correct the information that those companies have gathered.
During a sprawling 18-minute question-and-answer session at the New Orleans Pelicans' media day in late September, Anthony Davis offered a blueprint for his team to reach its elevated goals.
"We want to be kind of like how Boston was last year: not having a lot of talent, but them guys play hard," Davis said. "That's how they were able to win games. That's what we want."
Six weeks after that declaration, the Pelicans enter Monday night's tilt with those Boston Celtics owning the league's worst record at 1-9. ESPN's Basketball Power Index projects the Pelicans to win only 27.5 games. What's more, BPI gives the Pelicans a 0.4 percent chance at making the playoffs and a 35.7 percent chance at landing a top-3 draft pick (and that number spikes to 97 percent for a top-10 selection).
Celtic fans, still yearning for another star to truly launch their team to legitimate contender status, can't help but look at the Pelicans and see a different sort of blueprint for advancement.
Let's be absolutely clear here: It's way too premature to start wondering about Davis' future in New Orleans. Even if the Pelicans can't pull themselves out of this early season funk, the team is far more likely to make changes within its coaching staff or front office, which has failed to surround Davis with the sort of complementary players that would maximize his talents, than move a transcendent 23-year-old big man. And Davis committed to building here in that same media day session.
"I love it here," Davis said. "My goal is to bring a championship here."
If New Orleans' brass ever decided that the nuclear route was the only viable option -- or if Davis just got so fed up with their mediocrity that he asked to be moved -- then Boston would be one of the only teams in the league with the sort of assets that could actually make the Pelicans ponder a deal.
While the Celtics haven't been healthy enough this season to know exactly where they stand in the Eastern Conference, it seems safe to say that they still need one more piece to truly establish themselves as a legitimate threat. Boston made a strong pitch to Kevin Durant this summer with hopes of landing an immediate one-two punch after inking Al Horford to a four-year, $113 million deal. Durant elected to head west to Golden State but that won't stop Celtics president of basketball operations Danny Ainge from swinging for the fences.
While Davis used the Celtics as a comparison, the two teams couldn't be more different. Boston has excellent depth including a young core with players like Isaiah Thomas and Jae Crowder signed to team-friendly deals. What Boston lacks is a difference-maker like Davis. New Orleans, meanwhile, has struggled to find the right pieces to put around Davis and personnel missteps will make it difficult to change that. Health woes haven't helped the Pelicans, but it's far from the only reason they've failed to progress.
For the sake of conversation, let's say Ainge called Pelicans GM Dell Demps and threw out an offer like this: Jaylen Brown (No. 3 pick in 2016), Avery Bradley (25-year-old on bargain deal having All-Star-caliber season), Brooklyn's 2017 and 2018 first-round picks, another future first-round pick (either one of Boston's own or one It's owed via Memphis), and $17 million in expiring salaries for Davis and Omer Asik?
The Celtics, who probably can't afford to pay all of their young talent moving forward, get their star while maintaining much of their core. With two 2016 first-round picks stashed overseas, the Celtics would still have a pipeline of young talent despite moving three years worth of first-round picks in that swap.
The Pelicans hit the reset button and emerge with two high lottery picks in a loaded 2017 draft and would have two more firsts the following year (and maybe again in 2019). What's more, New Orleans would have future cap flexibility to build around those picks and create a sustained contender. Alas, having Davis locked up long term under his new non-Rose Rule extension, and with New Orleans desperately needing something more than hope to sell to an antsy fanbase, moving the big man seems unlikely for the foreseeable future.
Until Ainge finds his next move, the Celtics' more pressing concern is getting back to playing like the team Davis referenced on media day. After two embarrassing losses to the Nuggets and Wizards last week, Thomas lamented how Boston wasn't the hardest-playing team on the court any more. The Celtics responded with strong performances in winning both ends of a back-to-back against the Knicks and Pacers but still haven't put together a full 48-minute effort.
The Celtics are hoping to have Horford back on the court for the first time since Oct. 29. Horford has missed Boston's past six games while recovering from a concussion. Crowder remains sidelined by an ankle injury, though he could be available later this week. Boston has yet to be at full strength this season after both Marcus Smart and Kelly Olynyk -- two players who shuffled to starting roles the past two games -- missed the start of the season because of injury.
A healthy Boston roster will tell us more about their potential this season. While Ainge has been patient as part of this quick rebuild since Brad Stevens took over in 2013, it's fair to wonder if the Celtics need to cash in soon before the price tags on their young core start to rise and make it more difficult to add additional impact talent.
In the two months since Intel unveiled Broadwell-E, I've been going back and forth with my decision to invest in one. We received the 10-core Core i7-6950X for review and while it was an attractive chip in terms of performance, it came at a seriously ugly price. At $1,650 we recommend taking a hard pass on the 6950X.
Frankly, the older 8-core 5960X was difficult to justify at $1,050, so the slightly updated 6900K for $1,100 doesn't exactly have us whipping our wallets out. Spending over $600 on the 6-core 6850K isn't too appealing either... So, what's an enthusiast to do if they require more than the 4 cores in Intel's mainstream desktop Core i7 processors?
One solution would be building our beastly 16-core/32-thread Xeon E5-2670 workstation featured back in April. For under $1,000 we picked up core components including two 8-core E5-2670 processors, a new dual-socket LGA2011 motherboard and 64GB of DDR3 memory. Throw in a case, power supply, graphics card and some storage and you have a seriously capable machine for the price of a Core i7-5960X.
In terms of performance, our affordable Xeon build really stuck it to the 5960X by a rather large margin in more than one test. When the uber expensive 6950X appeared, we made sure to pit it against the dual-CPU system and to our surprise the Xeons stood strong, even coming out on top in a few tests.
One solution would be building our beastly 16-core/32-thread Xeon E5-2670 workstation featured back in April.
It was interesting to find that in many of the application and encoding tests, this older Sandy Bridge-EP build was able to put up a real fight. In terms of performance vs. price it tends to come out well on top with the only blemish being its power consumption. The dual-Xeon system pulled 300 watts in our Hybrid x265 test while the Core i7-6950X setup needed only half that amount.
Of course we were comparing two 8-core processors to a single 10-core chip, but the main issue was the four-generation-old Sandy Bridge architecture.
This put us on the hunt for affordable Xeon processors based on the Haswell-EP or perhaps even Broadwell-EP architectures -- it certainly seemed mere wishful thinking that we would come across a relatively inexpensive Broadwell-EP Xeon.
Our search put us on the trail of Intel's Xeon E5 2630 v4, a 10-core Broadwell-EP part that runs at a base clock of 2.2GHz but can boost up to 3.1GHz depending on the workload.
Typically, you'd spend something like $700 for this processor -- substantially more than the $70 we paid for each of our E5-2670 v1 processors -- however, it's possible to purchase the E5-2630 v4 for as little as $200 on eBay. The only catch is that they are engineering samples (ES), not retail chips.
The examples we've come across are based on release stepping (SR2R7), so motherboard compatibility won't be an issue, providing the BIOS has been updated to support Broadwell-EP processors.
Once upon a time it was rare to find Intel engineering samples, but today they appear online in huge volumes. Looking only on eBay for instance, thousands of these E5-2630 v4 ES chips have been sold with countless more still in stock.
Typically, we suggest avoiding ES chips when possible, but $200 for a 10-core/20-thread Broadwell-EP processor really is too hard to refuse. With so many of you asking what these chips perform like over the past few weeks, we've decided to find out.
The Build
The previous build using the Xeon E5-2670 v1 processors was put together on a pretty tight budget and so we went with one of the most affordable Dual Socket R (LGA2011) motherboards we could find.
Since we are spending more than twice as much on the processors this time ($400), we decided to go with a more capable motherboard. Having been so impressed with the previous Asrock Rack motherboard, we picked up the EP2C612D16-2L2T on Newegg for $580 (which is now $100 cheaper if you needed further temptation).
This is a Dual Socket LGA2011 R3 motherboard that adheres to the SSI EEB form factor, measuring 12'' x 13'' (30.5 cm x 33 cm). Announced way back in September 2014, the EP2C612D16-2L2T gained Broadwell-EP support in March via BIOS version 2.10.
At the heart of the EP2C612D16-2L2T we find the Intel C612 chipset, a 7w part that was built using the 32nm process and offers Gen 2 PCIe support for up to 8-lanes, six USB 3.0 ports as well as 10 SATA 6Gb/s ports.
Asrock Rack has expanded SATA support to a dozen ports with the inclusion of a single Marvell 9172 6Gb/s controller. Given that this is a two-year old motherboard, you won't find fancy storage options such as M.2. High speed SSDs will need to be integrated using PCI Express adapter cards.
There are a total of 16 DIMM slots with support for NVDIMM (Non-Volatile Dual In-line Memory Module). Each processor is connected to 8 DIMMs and of course quad-channel memory support exists. Both RDIMM and LRDIMM modules are supported at speeds of DDR4 2133/1866 and 1600.
Onboard we find three PCIe 3.0 x16 expansion slots along with a further three PCIe 3.0 x8 slots. That means there are 72 PCIe 3.0 lanes on tap -- impressive stuff.
One of the key highlights of the EP2C612D16-2L2T is network support. Out of the box you get a pair of 10G network connections courtesy of the Intel X540 controller. In addition there are a pair of Intel i210 controllers for a pair of Gigabit Ethernet connections. Finally, there is also a single dedicated IPMI LAN port.
The ECC memory this board can support is generally meant for servers, where any data corruption is unacceptable. Since this isn't really a concern for most of our readers, we went with standard UDIMM modules from G.Skill, rather than equip the board with ECC memory.
Ideally we wanted to populate every DIMM slot with DDR4-2133 memory so we reached out to our good friends over at G.Skill. Happy to oblige, they served up 16 4GB sticks of Ripjaws V DDR4-2133 memory for a total capacity of 64GB, which will allow both Xeon E5-2630 v4 chips to enjoy quad-channel memory support.
G.Skill sells this memory in 16GB quad-channel memory kits for just $74 each, taking the total cost for this build to just shy of $300. For those wondering, the memory operates at CL 15-15-15-35 timings using 1.2 volts. The modules are available with either red or black heat spreaders and we went with red.
As with our previous dual-Xeon build, we equipped the processors with Noctua NH-U12DX i4 coolers. Noctua's DX line have become a popular choice in high performance quiet cooling solutions for Intel Xeon CPUs. The latest i4 revision supports the LGA2011 platform (both Square ILM and Narrow ILM) and comes with a 120mm NF-F12 'Focused Flow' fan.
Thanks to its slim design with a fin depth of 45mm, the NH-U12DX i4 ensures easy access to the RAM slots. When installed parallel to the slots, it will not overhang the memory even with two fans installed. For those concerned about space, the NH-D9DX i4 is an even more compact option. At $60, both the NH-U12DX i4 and NH-D9DX i4 are well priced and come backed by a six-year manufacturer's warranty.
Donald Trump is up three points on Crooked Hillay in the lastes Suffolk University poll.
But the news is even worse for poor Hillary — The Suffolk people oversampled Democrats by 9 points.
The Conservative Treehouse reported:
A Suffolk University “non-media” poll released today shows exceptionally good news for candidate Donald Trump in the quest to overcome the rigged system. Unlike most media funded polls, the Suffolk poll is very extensive and provides full disclosure on all aspects of the construct allowing for comprehensive research, analysis and evaluation.
The general top line result shows Donald Trump winning with 44% , and Hillary Clinton 41% . However, the fully disclosed methodology provides an even greater level of optimism. Here's why:
This survey of 500 likely North Carolina general election voters was conducted between September 5 and September 7, 2016, and is based on live telephone interviews of adults who indicated they were likely to vote in the November 2016 general election for president. Each area's quota and demographic information — including race and age — was determined from previous like elections (link)
We have already statistically quantified the significant variances from 2012 to 2016. Suffolk relying on baselines from '08 and '12 presidential models means they are under evaluating the '16 Trump enthusiasm and Trump registration gap.
It's street-legal, but you'd better have your brave pills to hand. This is the 2016 Dodge Viper ACR, built for a racetrack near you, and featuring numbers big enough to warp time itself.
We caught our first glimpse of this hardcore Viper ACR at SEMA last year, but now we have some actual details. It's billed as the ultimate track-honed Viper, built to “dominate road courses around the world”.
And as with any self-respecting track car, the upgrades over the ‘standard', 8.4-litre, V10-engined Viper cover the aerodynamics, the chassis and the rubber. First up is something called the ‘Extreme Aero Package', and it is quite extreme.
There's a detachable extension for the front splitter, four dive planes, a new SRT bonnet with removable louvres, a rear carbon diffuser, and one of the most excellent rear wings in existence: a fully adjustable effort standing 1.8 metres wide.
“During on-track testing,” Dodge tells us, “development engineers have experienced nearly one tonne of downforce at a top speed of 177mph.” In fact, this new aero pack offers up three times more downforce than the Viper Time Attack 2.0.
There are new adjustable, aluminium Bilstein racing shocks, a 3-inch ride height adjustment, stiffer front and rear springs, 1.4 degrees more negative camber, stickier, low-profile Kumho tyres apparently good for a 1.5-second-per-lap advantage, a specially tuned stability control system, and bigger Brembo carbon ceramic brakes.
The engine is the same 8.4-litre V10, here producing 645bhp and a handy 600lb ft of torque. In this ACR, it gets new tips to reduce pressure on the side exit exhausts. It's matched up to a six-speed manual, driving the rear wheels.
Dodge has kitted out some ACR-themed trinketry inside, too, and there's also the option of customising your Viper to beyond normal human comprehension. There's no word on price just yet, but the hand-built ‘American Club Racer' is slated to go on sale later this year.
The ultimate in American muscle? Or just too much?
Questions about politics come up often in chat, so I figured I'd catalog my thoughts about Donald Trump here so I have something concrete to point to every time he's brought up.
Politics in the United States right now leaves me unimaginably disappointed with Americans. I'm embarrassed to be a citizen of this country now more than I've ever been in my entire life. I'm not one to be nationalistic; I've never really taken much pride in being part Cuban or being American or anything. For some reason, though, I am absolutely humiliated that I'm included in a group of people that are seriously considering electing Donald Trump as the head of state.
I have honestly never been more convinced that Democracy is a horrible idea. Every day I see people from all age groups, ethnicities and backgrounds flock to support someone who's views are so hollow, who's messages are so vapid, and who's rhetoric reeks of anti-intellectual thinking. Anyone with a modicum of intelligence can tell Trump is just completely full of shit.
How can his supporters be so naive?
Facts don't tend to concern people who support Trump, only the rallying cries of “MAEK MERICAA GR8 AGEN”, “WE GONA BUILD A WALL!” and “WE LOSE 2 CHINA NON EVRYTING!!1”
I understand that people in America, as a whole, can be fairly ignorant and uninformed, but I never imagined that someone as ridiculous as Trump would gain such widespread support. It's disappointing to me because it's not really Trump that I'm frustrated with, it's what he reveals about my country: it's full of hateful, ignorant, xenophobic, racist, bigoted people, and they're coming out in droves to vote for someone who so enthusiastically embodies everything they believe in.
EV3RSTORM is the name of Lego Mindstorms EV3‘s signature humanoid robot… as in, the one that decorates the front of a rather pricey package. It goes without saying, then, that Lego put a lot of work into the model. Still, just how cool a model is it? And if it were someone's first Mindstorms model they tried to build, would it excite or intimidate them?
The robot is humanoid, with rolling tank-tread feet and scary looking appendages on its arms. It's got a mohawk and squinting red eyes. One cool aspect of the robot is that it uses a huge percentage of the beams and connectors from the set, so you really feel like you're getting the most out of the set.
Actually building the model involves launching the Mindstorms software, which can be downloaded from Lego.com. The instructions for five robots total, including a snake-bot, a forklift-like gripping robot, a line-follower, and a ball-flinging robot.
Selecting EV3RSTORM, you are given six “missions” — basically, stages of building. The first consists of simple the legs (the most complicated modules) and the EV3 microcontroller brick as the body. The model definitely front-loads the challenge. The first thing you build are the legs, which feature servo-powered tank treads on a framework that sways somewhat–EV3RSTORM doesn't roll around woodenly, the legs move with the friction of the tank treads starting and stopping, giving the illusion of ambulation.
The second mission adds on the right arm, which is mostly cosmetic — a thumb-turned screw drive adjusts the bend of the arm, and rubber-band-tensioned grippers look cool but don't do much. The shoulder has a touch sensor, which is used to wake up and put the robot to sleep. The third mission shows how to build a scary-looking spinning blade for the robot's left hand.
The remaining missions show how to build the robot's IR-receiving head–both for detecting obstructions autonomously or for taking direction from a remote control. You also replace the spinning blade with a ball-launcher that triggers when the touch sensor is pressed.
EV3RSTORM is a reasonably complicated build, but nothing as hard-core as some of the adult-focused Technic sets–certainly within the abilities of the average teenager. Programming is a breeze — either upload their program if you just want to have a working robot, or you can follow the steps to recreate the program and actually learn how it's done.
Cosmograph Daytona: Rolex, A Fine Yellow Gold Chronograph Wristwatch With Registers And Bracelet REF 6263, Circa 1979. Estimate $70,000–120,000.
The Rolex Cosmograph has become one of the most iconic sporting watches of all time. Replacing the 6262 model in 1971, the 6263 was given its own distinctive look with the addition of a black acrylic insert to its bezel and waterproof screw down crown and chronograph pushers. The present lot is available in excellent condition with an original bezel insert, and crisp case hallmarks. The dial is preserved with superior clarity and impeccable definition to the signatures, the deepness of registers, the outer tracking and even the luminescent dots above the indexes.
The same family has owned it for two generations, and Sotheby's is pleased to offer it for the first time at auction. This is a rare opportunity to own such an exceptional example of the reference 6263 in yellow gold.
Tampere, Finland – December 5th 2016 – Independent game developer 10tons Ltd. announced today Tesla vs Lovecraft, a top-down arena shooter game inspired by the historic inventor Nikola Tesla and novelist H.P. Lovecraft. The game will be released for PC and consoles in 2017. More details about availability and pricing will be announced at a later date.
“Even in its early development phase, Tesla vs Lovecraft's charms are obvious. Battling lovecraftian horrors in a Tesla-Mech is very entertaining! I can't wait to get to reveal more of the game.” says Tero Alatalo, CEO of 10tons.
Fans and other interested parties are encouraged to sign up to the game's mailing list to get timely updates on the game's progress. Subscribing to the newsletter will also grant access to a teaser gameplay video of Tesla vs Lovecraft.
Following the Sandy Hook shooting tragedy, the Westboro Baptist Church is unsurprisingly stirring up controversy by doing one of the things they do best: being assholes and picketing funerals. Your friendly, faceless, neighborhood hacking group Anonymous has responded by doing what they do best: publishing private information, in this case, about the members of the Westboro Baptist Church.
Advertisement
Anonymous has now published a list of Westboro Baptist Church members along with plenty of personal information such as home addresses, emails, and phone numbers. On the more legal end of the activism spectrum, the group is also pushing a petition to legally recognize the Westboro Baptist Church as a hate group. And what do you know, it's already gotten the required number of signatures.
Anonymous also released a video, explaining—with characteristic Anonymous flair—the group's beef with the church:
"Since your one-dimensional thought protocol will conform not to any modern logic, we will not debate, argue, or attempt to reason with you. Instead, we have unanimously deemed your organization to be harmful to the population of The United States of America, and have therefore decided to execute an agenda of action which will progressively dismantle your institution of deceitful pretext and extreme bias, and cease when your zealotry runs dry. We recognize you as serious opponents, and do not expect our campaign to terminate in a short period of time. Attrition is our weapon, and we will waste no time, money, effort, and enjoyment, in tearing your resolve into pieces, as with exposing the incongruity of your distorted faith."
Advertisement
It's on. [BetaBeat via Salon]
Image by AP
Dark Sided have won ESEA Premier Season 24 Australia and qualified for the ESEA S24 Global Challange after beating Athletico 2-1 in the grand final (6-16 on Mirage, 16-11 on Inferno, and 16-8 on Nuke).
ESEA Premier Season 24 Australia started off with a 17-team group stage at the end of which eight teams advanced to the playoffs.
The playoffs had a single-elimination, best-of-three bracket. Athletico defeated Chiefs 2-1, who finished the regular season with a 16-0 record. Due to roster locks Chiefs were unable to use their new player Peter "pecks" Nguyen and had to use Seth "seth" Leeson as a stand-in. Athletico then beat AVANT to advance to the grand final.
The 15-year-old Texta & his team will be in London
Dark Sided, on the other hand, secured a 2-0 quarter-final victory against Athletico Black to start the playoffs. Then they beat Tainted Minds who finished the regular season in second place with a 14-2 record, advancing to the grand final.
The grand final kicked off with a 16-6 Athletico win on Mirage but Dark Sided responded on Inferno with a 16-11 victory. Dark Sided started Nuke on the CT-side and won the map 16-8 after an 11-4 CT-side half, winning the grand final and qualifying for ESEA Season 24 Global Challenge.
The standings in ESEA Premier Season 24 Australia can be found below:
Splyce, Enigma6, and Bee's Money Crew earned the three North American spots at ESEA Season 24 GC which will take place in London, UK on May 13-14.
paiN secured the Brazilian spot and GODSENT clinched one of the three European slots for the tournament in London. BIG and PENTA will face each other for one of the spots and the loser will play Spirit for a last shot at the Global Challange.
The team list for ESEA Season 24 Global Challange can be found below:
BenjaCS is a staff writer at HLTV.org and can be found on Twitter.
New Delhi: Noticing a steep rise in demand for work under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee programme (MNREGA) in what was a drought year, the rural development ministry used an off-record WhatsApp chat group to tell states to desist from generating more work for the poor under the flagship welfare scheme programme. In a message sent in August, the ministry told state government officials the ‘mad race' for generating work under MNREGA could not continue. It warned that more funds would not be made available soon and states had to ‘plan' more ‘judiciously' with the money they had already received.
The instructions ran contrary to the provisions of the MNREG Act, which makes it mandatory for the government to provide as much money as is required for the work demanded by the rural poor and not curtail the programme to fit its budgetary decisions. But, on the WhatsApp group, the NDA government told the states that the idea that MNREGA was demand driven ‘did not cut much ice anymore'.
Faced with this informally imposed moratorium on funds, many states repeatedly pleaded the rural development ministry on the WhatsApp group for the immediate release of monies to pay hundreds of crores of already piled up arrears to the poor for the work that had been completed. But faced with the Centre's off-record instructions, the work states provided to the rural poor in August and September came crashing down. On July 30th, a million extra person-days of work was given as compared to what Centre had initially approved. In September, the work provided was 54.48 million person-days less than what was initially approved for the month. This, when the budgeted work for September had anyway been kept substantially lower than that for July, adjusting for the usual lower demand in monsoon period.
Business Standard reviewed the WhatsApp chat group named ENCORE or ‘Enabling Communication on Rural Employment' by the rural development ministry. It has all senior ministry officials and state level MNREGA officials as members, besides others. The ministry claimed, “It is simply a convenience for follow-up and reminders as also for showcasing good work by States through uploading of pictures.”
But instructions from the Union rural development ministry to the state officials on the WhatsApp group shows that the chat was also used as an off-record avenue for the union government to pass instructions that it could not have done through formal channels, keeping the law in mind.
On August 14, the rural development ministry's joint secretary in-charge of MNREGA told the states, “We ought to desist from campaigns for enlisting demand and indulging in the mad race of more and more person-day generation (generating of wages). While the Act (MNREG Act) does not distinguish between APL and BPL (those above and below poverty line) and vulnerable/non-vulnerable, we have to ‘intelligently' communicate to the district/block/GP authorities to learn to target.”
On August 28th, the rural development ministry official told the states “To resort to the logic that it is a demand-driven programme and whatever is asked for will be given, does not cut much ice now. This has been voiced in the Honourable Supreme Court too. There has to be a pragmatic handling of funds”
The officer added, “Our demands cannot be unlimited for the simple reason that the resources are limited – both of the Centre and the states. The Ministry had emphatically and clearly communicated during the previous fund release that we have to strategically plan out the spending till September, 2016.”
In response to queries from Business Standard, the rural development ministry said, “The Ministry is committed to implement the MGNREG Act in letter and spirit.”
It added, “While work on demand is being made available as reflected in the very high person-days generation especially during periods of drought and distress, a demand based programme also requires proper record keeping, financial management and full transparency and accountability.”
This piece was originally published on Business Standard.
Fox has become the first broadcast network to require people who want to watch its programs, such as "House" or "Glee," online immediately after they're broadcast to prove they pay for a cable or satellite service.
And for the moment, it had better be Dish Network
The network announced late Tuesday that beginning Aug. 15, users will need a login and password proving they have a paid television subscription in order to watch its programs on Hulu, Fox.com, or the cable and satellite company's own websites. Those who don't pay to watch TV will need to wait eight days in order to watch episodes online for free.
The first paid TV service to sign onto Fox's new arrangement is Dish Network, which has 14.2 million subscribers. No other cable or satellite company is part of the offering so far.
Previously, most shows from Fox and other networks were available to watch online the day after they aired for free, with commercials.
The strategy, called "authentication" in the television industry, has been under discussion since at least last month. It's part of the television industry's attempt to preserve its lucrative cable business model, through which they receive revenue from user subscriptions and advertisements, and discourage consumers from "cutting the cord" and only watching TV shows online.
That Fox has become the first network to do so is ironic because its parent company, News Corp., was, along with NBC Universal, one of the two media conglomerates to launch Hulu in 2008 as a defensive move against Internet piracy. Its success is now seen by many as undermining billions of dollars in cable revenues.
[Update, 5:20 p.m.: Subscribers to Hulu Plus, Hulu's paid subscription offering, will also have access to new Fox programs the day after they air.]
RELATED:
What's next for Hulu?
Hulu said to hire investment bankers to explore possible sale
Yahoo approaches Hulu about possible acquisition
-- Ben Fritz
Photo: Actor Hugh Laurie in the Fox TV series "House." Credit: Adam Taylor / Fox.
Introduction
I um'd and ah'd for weeks on end about purchasing a Google WiFi setup for home, on the surface it offered a powerful and integrated system that would blanket my home in delicious AC WiFi, it's simple setup and set and forget nature would make life easier and fit in with the growing Google ecosystem already in my home consisting of several Pixel devices, Google homes and Chromecasts. I had read and watched a few reviews that applauded setup and ease of use but they either didn't comment on or shrugged off its mediocre range and performance, so giving myself the benefit of the doubt I decided to get more serious and go down the UniFi rabbit hole and I'm glad I did.
Mesh Mesh Mesh
I never liked wireless, It's a necessary evil don't get me wrong. I don't want to walk around my home, phone tethered to an Ethernet socket, but for anything even semi serious a good old Gig-eth connection is unbeatable, especially for game streaming a la Nvidia Shield or Steam link. So what Google WiFi promises is that their hubs will interconnect using an extra mesh radio (This is important as bandwidth isn't sacrificed) to offer a smooth connection wherever they reach, the access points all broadcast on the same SSID so your phone doesn't know the difference and is supposed to seamlessly roam to the strongest signal.
The difference with UniFi is that instead of the backhaul being done by a Mesh radio, you're using good old fashioned Gig-eth. It's worth mentioning that the UniFi AC Mesh Pro does have similar wireless mesh functionality but I'm not using it here. So with that said I was happier to accept a solution that reduced the dependency on the fickle mare that is wireless.
The Environment
Prior to this I was using a Zyxel access point that had similar enterprise credentials, it was placed slap bang in the middle of my home on the 1st floor landing. It would just tickle the Ring Doorbell, unusable in the car on the driveway but just enough to trick your phone into connecting to it so it would annoyingly turn off your mobile data and leave you stuck with loading pages. The orangery was another dark spot, with it being built against the external wall the Zyxel would struggle to penetrate into there to the annoyance of my partner who wanted to use the dining table as a work space.
With this in mind I came up with a plan, the AC Pro would replace the Zyxel on the landing and the Mesh pro would go outside on the garage wall right next to the orangery, The garage was cabled with Cat6 on day one to supply a CCTV camera and in anticipation of future shenaniganary such as this. This setup I thought, would allow a strong signal indoors on one foot and on the other great coverage in the orangery and in the garden on the rare occasion we get to enjoy the Great British weather out there, god forbid we're disconnected whilst doing so.
I made a mistake. But it's not the worst mistake I could have made, I greatly underestimated the power of these devices, the AC Pro alone would have reached the orangery. The Mesh Pro now serves the garden, the orangery, the garage, 10 of my neighbours and the woods 200m from my house. Serious stuff.
Setup
Ubiquiti kindly include everything you need to get going, even the POE injectors. The AC Pro fits to a wall or ceiling with the included brackets and the Mesh pro to a wall or a pole with the included mount. I had a hole already on the landing so I put of the new bracket and away that went. With the mesh I drilled through the brick and made up a cable, mounted that and off we pop.
If you buy the cloud key controller or use the application for a server you'll be in the same boat as me, otherwise you can use the app or specific web pages to set up individual AP's but you'll miss out on the UniFi system.
The interface is wonderful and intuitive, even in a home environment, it's not exactly as dumbed down as your ISP supplied router but the functionality is streets ahead. Current client connections, statuses, throughput, everything a data nerd needs. Settings can be applied to all the APs in the group at once and with the advanced settings turned on you can do things like steer clients onto 5Ghz to keep 2.4Ghz free.
I'm really only calling out the tip of the iceberg here, the feature set is vast.
Day to day use
I set it and then forgot it, it's really bombproof. Roaming is seamless, connection is unshakable and throughput steady. It's almost as if my phone is tethered to the wall with an Ethernet and my faith in WiFi is restored. I even had a go with Moonlight on my tablet to stream the Witcher 3 from my PC which I can now do in my garden or presumably in those woods I mentioned earlier for total immersion… My phone even connects in the car on the driveway and my first world problems have slipped away.
Conclusion
If you can stomach the cost and like a bit of messing about with setup and networking then anyone can integrate this system into even a simple BT Home Hub type house. If you have trouble areas and black-spots then this is the nuclear option. If you can cable them up this system is infinitely scale-able as far as I can tell and a couple of Mesh APs will even bridge your mansion to your pool house if you're so lucky without the need for a cable.
.
Product Links
Mesh Pro
AC Pro
Advertisements
The Muslim wing of Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) said on Tuesday it will run a ‘rakhi campaign' across the country in which Muslim girls will tie rakhis to Hindu boys and Hindu girls to Muslim boys.
According to the Muslim Rashtriya Manch (MRM), the RSS' Muslim wing, the campaign will be launched on August 3 from Rajasthan capital Jaipur. On August 5 and 6, it will be held in New Delhi and Lucknow in which the Manch's patron Indresh Kumar will also be present.
“Muslim sisters will tie rakhi to him (Indresh) also. In Lucknow, there will be two programmes, one of which will be exclusively for divyangs. The only objective of the programme is to promote brotherhood among Hindus and Muslims and preserve our Ganga-Jamuni culture,” MRM convener Mohammad Afzal told PTI.
He said his organisation has decided to run this campaign in 12 states.
“As part of it, Muslim girls will tie rakhis to Hindu boys and Hindu girls to Muslim boys and promise each other's protection,” Afzal said.
‘Rakshabandhan' is on August 7.
“In the entire month of August, we will run this campaign across the country. We used to celebrate festivals together irrespective of castes. In past there were many occasions, where Muslim brothers have protected Hindu sisters,” he said.
The RSS' Muslim wing convener said on Bakrid (on September 2), it will appeal to Muslims not to slaughter cows as it was matter of faith for Hindus.
“Muhammad Sahab had said that cow milk is medicine and its meat is harmful. His preachings say that feelings of other's religion should not be hurt and this should be considered by everyone,” Afzal said.
MRM had earlier organised cow milk parties in the month of Ramzan across 25 states during ‘Iftar', which is the meal with which Muslims break their fast.
“Cow milk is healthier than beef. That was why we had served cow milk for breaking the fast during Iftar. The highest number of Iftar parties with cow milk was organised in Uttar Pradesh,” he said.
MRM was set up in 2002 by former RSS chief K Sudarshan with the objective of reaching out to Muslims.
First Published: Jul 25, 2017 18:23 IST
About
"That's What She Said" is an expression used in response to statements that may sound sexual in nature when taken out of context. On the Internet, the joke is often used in image macros, web comics and viral videos.
Origin
The phrase was first popularized by Canadian comedian Mike Myers in the 1992 blockbuster comedy Wayne's World . In the film, Wayne uses the phrase in response to his sidekick Garth while shooting a local access television show in his basement.
Garth: "Hey are you through yet? Because I'm getting tired of holding this."
Wayne: "That's what she said."
Precursor
The expression "Said the actress to the bishop" was used as a crude double entendre in nearly the exact same context as "That's what she said." According to Wikipedia , the phrase may have been British in origin, dating back to the Edwardian times of the early 1900s.
Spread
Urban Dictionary has many entries for the phrase "that's what she said," with the earliest created by user Bug on August 26th, 2003:
A response you can say after just about anything to turn it into a sexual inuendo.
Hard to explain in writing, just try it out when you're hangin around your friends.
On October 23rd, 2006, the web comic Xkcd published a comic titled "That's What She Said" , which featured a stick figure using the catchphrase in response to a grammatically ambiguous sentence (shown below).
On June 13th, 2008, Xkcd published another comic titled "How It Happened" , in which a stick figure uses the phrase in response to an obviously sexual story.
On March 16th, 2009, the "That's What She Said" application was released on the iTunes store, which provided a button that would play an audio recording of someone saying the phrase. On April 6th, the single topic blog TWSSstories was launched, which provided a platform similar to the FML site where people share anecdotes about the phrase being used in conversation. On January 31st, 2010, Funny Or Die posted a mockumentary video about the origin of "that's what she said," starring Megan Mullally and Tom Lennon.
On October 7th, 2011, a "That's What She Said" page was created on the database TV Tropes , which listed the stock phrase as a subtrope of "Nudge" , a device used to indicate that a double entendre has been delivered. On April 1st, 2012, the tech blog Gizmodo published a post titled "'That's What She Said' Receipt is Funnier Than Any Stupid April Fools", which featured a photograph of a receipt taken at a fast food restaurant which included the phrase after the item "extra wet." As of July 27th, 2012, the "'That's What She Said' Jokes" Facebook page has accumulated over 459,000 likes.
The Office
"That's what she said" was chosen as a catchphrase for the socially awkward Regional Manager Michael Scott for the US version of The Office, which first aired in March of 2005. Michael Scott is known for often behaving in ways that are viewed by others as inappropriate, ignorant and dated.
<
Notable Examples
Search Interest
External References
Back in June, the soundtrack for the upcoming film Suicide Squad was announced. The day before, Grimes announced her contribution to the soundtrack on Twitter. It's called “Medieval Warfare.” Stream the track, and a conversation between Grimes and Zane Lowe on Beats 1, below. During the interview, she told Lowe, among other things, that she's “dead serious” about wanting to train for the UFC; she doesn't hold out hope of actually making the mixed martial arts fighting circuit. Scroll down for the artwork of Grimes as a Suicide Squad skull.
The track follows the Skrillex and Rick Ross collaboration “Purple Lamborghini,” “Standing in the Rain” by the Black Keys' by Dan Auerbach, Action Bronson, and Mark Ronson, and Kehlani's “Gangsta.” The soundtrack also features Eminem, Lil Wayne, Wiz Khalifa, Kevin Gates, Imagine Dragons, Ty Dolla $ign, and more. The Suicide Squad soundtrack is out August 5, the same day as the film. It stars Will Smith, Jared Leto as the Joker, Margot Robbie, and more.
Watch Grimes explore a labyrinth in Barcelona via Pitchfork.tv:
Publication history Edit
Fictional character biography Edit
Death is the second eldest of the Endless,[10] a family of anthropomorphic beings.[2] Death is possibly the most powerful of the Endless (and may be the most powerful being in the universe) having been shown (in a flashback in Brief Lives) to be virtually omniscient and being able to intimidate the Furies, who show no fear of the other Endless, simply by raising her voice in The Kindly Ones. The witch Thessaly mentions that Death is the only one of the Endless who is bound by no rules, supported in Dream's portion of Endless Nights in which she briefly makes an appearance at a conference designed to set functions for entities and leaves before it begins. In addition, it is mentioned in Brief Lives that she is the only one of the Endless who may survive the end of this incarnation of the universe. Death's realm is not portrayed in detail in the series, except for a brief scene in her 'house' in the Sandman Special, Song of Orpheus, and later in The Books of Magic series. This is where she keeps her floppy hat collection, her goldfish Slim and Wandsworth and possibly her gallery. A brief glimpse of her realm can also be seen in The Little Endless Storybook, when Barnabas visits her, although this time in her 'apartment suite.' One day every century, Death lives (and dies) as a mortal, in order to understand the value of the life she takes. She does this by becoming a mortal fated to die that day. At the end of Death: The High Cost of Living her Endless self briefly converses with her mortal self.
Powers and abilities Edit
Death is an immortal being of virtual omnipotence, omniscience and omnipresence. However, it has been established that she does not claim being as powerful as the likes of Lucifer Morningstar or Michael Demiurgos. It is unclear, though, whether her modesty is merely a reflection of her immense power and general disdain for power-mongering, which makes her such an interesting personality, and such an ironic personification of death.
Appearances Edit
Non-canon references and appearances Edit
In Other Media Edit
In Arrow' s season three episode "The Secret Origin of Felicity Smoak", Felicity Smoak's goth look from her college years, especially her black hair and clothing and silver Egyptian Ankh necklace, is a nod to Death.
s season three episode "The Secret Origin of Felicity Smoak", Felicity Smoak's goth look from her college years, especially her black hair and clothing and silver Egyptian Ankh necklace, is a nod to Death. The lead character of the music video for Pearl Jam's "Do the Evolution" is said to have been inspired by Death herself. (see article)
See also Edit
References Edit
Sources Edit
Bender, Hy (1999), The Sandman Companion, New York: Vertigo DC Comics, ISBN 1-56389-644-3
WASHINGTON, D.C. — Some U.S. lawmakers who served in the military prior to joining Congress welcome President-elect Donald Trump's appointment of retired Gen. James “Mad Dog” Mattis to be his secretary of defense, despite criticism that it breaks tradition of naming a civilian for the post.
Trump vowed to be an outside-of-the-Beltway-box president, so breaking a Washington, D.C. tradition could be construed as a keeping a promise to the people. To supporters of his decision, Gen. Mattis is what the Pentagon needs to rein in its unprecedented and still growing population of civilian employees and contractors at the expense of a shrinking military.
Breitbart News reached out to all U.S. lawmakers who have served in the military prior to joining Congress, asking them to comment on Trump's Gen. Mattis pick.
Only a few responded, none of them Democrats, though the vast majority of military veteran lawmakers are Republicans.
Rep. Ryan Zinke (R-MT), a retired combat veteran and the first Navy SEAL to be elected to U.S. Congress, served with Gen. Mattis in Fallujah, Iraq in 2004.
At the time, the Montana Republican was serving as commander of Joint Special Forces in the country and the “Mad Dog” as leader of the First Marine Division.
Rep. Zinke described the potential secretary of defense as “a Marine's Marine whose God-given ability to inspire and lead men and women on the battlefield is legendary.”
“My experience serving with General Mattis in Iraq was one of the most formidable times in my 23-year service with the U.S. Navy SEALs. I learned a lot from the ‘Warrior Monk' and can think of no other man or woman who is as well-equipped to serve as the next Secretary of Defense at this point in time,” continued the former commander at the fabled Navy SEAL Team Six.
Given his personal experience on the battlefield, Gen. “Mad Dog” Mattis is a man who would understand “war and the warrior ethos” better than any civilian appointed to the Pentagon chief post, argued Zinke.
“He makes a point of being in the thick of things with his troops and he makes a point of connecting personally with his men and women – something career bureaucrats in Washington are incapable of doing,” he also said.
That being said, Gen. Mattis is no stranger to to dealing with the bureaucrats in Washington, D.C.
“While trying to keep our troops alive [in Fallujah], General Mattis also had to deal with the politics of the State Department and armchair quarterbacks at the Pentagon and White House, and all under the watchful eye of the international media. General Mattis did an exemplary job. General Mattis has proven himself a thousand times over,” noted Congressman Zinke.
Rep. Rodney Frelinghuysen (R-NJ), chairman of the House Appropriations Subcommittee on Defense, also welcomed Trump's appointment for secretary of defense.
“The last eight years have seen a steady erosion of our military's capabilities and readiness. Looking abroad, our enemies often don't respect us and our allies don't trust us. I welcome the nomination of James Mattis as our next Secretary of Defense,” he told Breitbart News, in a statement via e-mail. “A respected and admired Marine leader, I look forward to working with him to restore U.S. leadership across the globe.”
When asked to comment on Gen. Mattis' appointment, Rep. Steve Russell (R-OK), a retired lieutenant colonel and Army Ranger who served in Iraq and Afghanistan, acknowledged that it was good step towards to prioritizing military readiness and the defense of the American homeland after years of putting it on the back burner.
“It appears that the president-elect's national security team will be far more concerned about the readiness for our country's defense than about political social agendas,” he told Breitbart News.
Mattis's candidacy to be secretary of defense has also received positive responses from from Sen. John McCain (R.-Ariz.), chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee.
“General Mattis has a clear understanding of the many challenges facing the Department of Defense, the U.S. military, and our national security,” said McCain, a Vietnam War veteran. “America will be fortunate to have General Mattis in its service once again.”
Trump's choice for Pentagon chief breaks with about 65 years of history by appointing a retired senior military to the post.
About 65 years ago, Congress passed legislation saying it was “the sense” of lawmakers that “no additional appointments of military men to that office shall be approved.”
The last military man to serve as secretary of defense was five-star Army Gen. George C. Marshall under President Truman from 1950 to 1951.
Military Times described Gen. Mattis as “the most revered Marine general in at least a generation.” He is reportedly admired by both Pentagon civilians and military personnel.
Donald Trump congratulated Republican Ron Estes for defeating Democrat James Thompson in Tuesday's special election in Kansas, a seat that became vacant when the president picked tea party congressman Mike Pompeo to lead the CIA.
Great win in Kansas last night for Ron Estes, easily winning the Congressional race against the Dems, who spent heavily & predicted victory! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 12, 2017
The only thing Trump got right in his tweet, however, is the outcome of the race.
Estes did not “easily” win on Tuesday, as the president said. In an ultra-conservative district that Trump won by 27 points in November, Estes won by only 7 points. That's a 20-point swing toward the Democrats ― and it could bode well for the party in coming special elections, as well as the midterms.
Democrats did not spend heavily on the race. In fact, they barely spent anything at all, according to Open Secrets. The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee did not begin running live calls urging residents of the district to vote for Thompson until Monday, the eve of the race. They did not aid Thompson with funds for advertising. Republicans, on the other hand, poured $130,000 into the race. They dispatched Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) to stump on behalf of Estes and ran robo-calls from both Trump and Vice President Mike Pence there.
Thompson did, however, receive $178,000 on the eve of the election thanks to a fundraising plea from the liberal website Daily Kos.
Finally, no Democrat “predicted victory” there. The party was extremely reluctant to spend precious resources to flip a deeply conservative district. Party officials are more focused on other pick-up opportunities, like the special election in Georgia.
A Canadian soldier now holds the world record for longest fatal shot by a sniper, after killing a Daesh fighter in Iraq from a distance of over 3.5 kilometres. Justin Trudeau, discussing the record last week, said it was “something to be celebrated for the excellence of the Canadian Forces in their training, in the performance of their duties.”
A member of the Canadian Special Operations Regiment takes part in training. A Canadian special operation sniper now holds the world record for 'longest kill shot.' ( Richard Lautens / Toronto Star )
The prime minister is commendable in his desire to mark Canadian achievement, and the marksman in question seems to have done his job well. But to celebrate our military's killing power, no matter how many records it breaks, shows a crude and simplistic view of Canada's role overseas - and of the value of human life. The issue isn't the shot itself, which by all accounts was justified, but how we choose to talk about it. However heinous we may find members of Daesh and their sympathizers, they are human beings. They have homes and families and histories. No matter their crimes, their lives are valuable in the sense that all lives are valuable, and deserving of at least some degree of respect.
Article Continued Below
We revile terrorists largely because they seem to have so little regard for human life. They measure their success by the amount of carnage they cause, and appear to find genuine joy in killing people. That, supposedly, is what sets us apart from them. Canadians have a long tradition of measuring our military success, and even our national worth, by the number of notches on our gun barrels. Billy Bishop became a Canadian hero, worthy of a namesake airport, by shooting down several dozen German pilots in the First World War. The Devil's Brigade of Canadian and U.S. commandos gained fame in the Second World War for slitting the throats of German soldiers, and leaving behind literal calling cards to claim their kills. From a modern vantage point, though, taking such glee in the lethal exploits of our soldiers is cringe-inducing, if not downright ghoulish.
Our understanding of war and violence should have progressed by now, beyond the point where we talk about conflict only in terms of the number of “bad guys” we kill or how well we kill them. Too much time has already been spent lauding this sniper's deadly shot, and Trudeau's apparent satisfaction with the killing seems incongruous for a leader who pledged to return Canada to its peacekeeping roots.
Article Continued Below
Canadians should, in the 21st Century, be able to take pride in our military for reasons other than its ability to end human lives. A peacekeeping mission in Africa, for instance, would be genuine cause to celebrate, but the government has continued to drag its feet on fulfilling that promise. In Iraq, Canadian soldiers are tasked with “advising and assisting” in the fight against Daesh, and it seems naïve to think they can do that without falling into firefights with Daesh themselves. Trudeau only invited Canadians to celebrate the sniper shot after NDP leader Tom Mulcair suggested the sniper had violated Canada's rules of engagement in Iraq. Military officials have since said the shot saved Iraqi and Kurdish soldiers' lives, breaking up a mass of Daesh fighters as they prepared to attack. But there is a stark difference between being forced into a fight, and glorifying the act of shooting someone dead. Canada has just extended its commitment in Iraq for two more years. There will almost certainly be more cases in which it's deemed necessary for a Canadian to shoot a member of Daesh. There will be more deaths. But as we approach Canada Day weekend, when millions will reflect on what it means to be Canadian, we have to ask ourselves: Do we want to be the kind of people who celebrate that?
Read more about:
Caron Butler D-Wade Considered OKC, Lakers ... Before Signing w/ Cavs
Caron Butler: Dwyane Wade Considered OKC, Lakers Before Signing with Cavs
EXCLUSIVE
Dwyane Wade was REALLY close to heading west instead of reuniting with his bestie LeBron James this off-season ... so says ex-NBA star Caron Butler.
TMZ Sports spoke with Tuff Juice about his convo with Wade before he made his decision to join the Cavs ... and he says Wade was seriously considering Miami, OKC and the L.A. Lakers.
Butler breaks it down -- L.A. made sense considering Wade's movie star wife Gabrielle Union, OKC would've been a good basketball move, and Miami's his first NBA home.
Butler thinks Wade made the right move by teaming up with LBJ again ... and says he expects the Cavs to land right back in the Finals again this season.
This can perhaps be the only positive after-effect of what happened during the Jat quota protests in February. The violence and destruction touched a youth so much that he no longer wants himself to be identified with caste.
During his wedding on July 13, Jagdeep Singh, a research scholar, also a Jat, is going to take the `aathwan vachan' (eighth pledge), apart from the seven conventional vows, that caste will mean little to him and he won't differentiate between his kids on the basis of gender. Jagdeep Singh, 28, who is doing his PhD in microbiology from Maharshi Dayanand Univeristy, Rohtak, has got the ‘eighth pledge' printed on the wedding card. “During discussion with my fiancée Seema, we decided to take this pledge.”
On his wedding card, the ‘8th pledge' reads: “Putri ya putra ki prapti hamare liye ek samaan khushi layegi. Aaj se hum apni jaati-gotra ka tyag kar sarvashrestha manav jaati ke uthaan me sehyog karenge. Apne santan ko bhi hum shresth jati-viheen samaj ki shiksha denge (Son or daughter will make us equally happy. Today, we relinquish the concept of caste and will contribute in propagating humanity instead. We will teach our kids to believe in a caste-less society).”
Jagdeep's would-be wife is a school teacher in Hisar and is also a Jat.
Jagdeep's father Rajender Singh, who retired from a bank, says, “I am happy that my son and daughter-in-law are putting human values ahead of caste.” He said it was important for everyone to weigh human values more than anything else. “A society free of caste prejudices will be a better place to live in. There will be lesser problems,” he said.
‘One caste-one india initiative'
Jagdeep said he had started a page on social networking site Facebook by the name of ‘One-Caste India'. “The page is a hit with the MDU students who have seen a lot during the Jat reservation stir. We want to take this slogan to Delhi this Independence Day. We are getting booklets printed on the subject.”
First Published: Jul 08, 2016 13:31 IST
We've had our eye on LIFE ever since the first trailer dropped back in October. In the film—due in theaters on March 24—a six-person crew of scientists and astronauts aboard a souped-up movie version of the International Space Station intercept a Mars sample return probe; on examination, the probe appears to have brought back at least one viable cell of life from the surface of Mars.
The visuals of a crew working on and in a near-future International Space Station had that same feeling of verisimilitude that made Gravity so compelling to watch—but the movie's premise seemed to undermine the visuals' attempts at accuracy. Because, of course, that single cell of life quickly transforms into a space monster and starts killing people.
It's a tried and true formula, explosively popularized by Ridley Scott's 1979 masterpiece Alien and echoed with varying degrees of success by multiple films in every decade since. LIFE takes the formula in a bit of a different direction, though, since according to the movie's second trailer, it's set not in the far future or even the near future but in the present day.
Space men
We had an opportunity to sit down with a couple of the movie's science advisors to talk about what the film is and isn't. First up was retired European Space Agency Project Manager Rudolph “Rudi” Schmidt, who worked on a number of important ESA missions, including Mars Express, Venus Express, and Gaia (space industry protip: “ESA” is pronounced “ee'-suh,” not “E-S-A”).
Schmidt was one of the scientists hired by SKYDANCE as consultants on the film, and his focus was space engineering and the “correctness” of living and working in space. We were excited to talk with him, and questions about scientific accuracy topped our list.
Schmidt explained that he was on set most days, answering the director's questions about what day-to-day life on the ISS looked like and helping the actors—who were hooked up to wire rigs to simulate microgravity—more correctly move in and around the huge practical set.
While the specifics of the movie's plot about extraterrestrial life are being held close to the chest, Schmidt confirmed that the film does indeed center on a Mars sample return mission gone wrong. For the sake of drama, the movie upgrades today's ISS with a fancy extra orbital laboratory module, without which it would be unable to perform any useful science on a sample return. But the logistics of an actual sample return mission aren't that far out of the realm of possibility.
The trailers show a small sample return vehicle being captured by the future ISS, but Schmidt said getting that sample return vehicle back to Earth in real life would be a challenge. “The biggest challenge still to be solved is the liftoff on Mars because we have never done this,” explained Schmidt. “Landing, I think… there was a learning curve, but we are close now to the situation where the probability for success for landing on the surface is maybe 80 percent, maybe 85. But we have never made a liftoff from the surface.”
Schmidt continued, outlining the difficulty of getting off of Mars. “Number one, there is an atmosphere, which has an aerodynamic impact on the design of the vehicle that lifts off… Secondly, you cannot predict in which conditions the return vehicle will have landed. It can be tilted to the left—it can be tilted to any direction. And the vehicle must be able to compensate during liftoff this misalignment from imperfect orientation because it must reach a very specific orbit to return back to the Earth. If it doesn't reach a perfect orbit, it's a disaster.”
Schmidt noted that all of these issues can be overcome, but they are all unknowns today.
It's alive
Next was space medicine expert Dr. Kevin Fong (who is also featured in the exclusive clip up at the top of the page). Fong is somewhat of a medical renaissance man—a London anesthesiologist who moonlights riding around in helicopters as an emergency doctor and who trained in space medicine for a decade at the Johnson Space Center in Houston. With LIFE, Fong faced a particularly thorny challenge: balancing the contradictory goals of realism and entertainment.
NO-BERT Space facts: even though the "official" name of the ISS' second treadmill is "COLBERT" (for "Combined Operational Load Bearing External Resistance Treadmill,") no one outside of perhaps NASA's Public Affairs Office uses that designation. Astronauts, engineers, and everyone involved in space flight all refer to the station's second treadmill by the same name now that they used during its development: "the T2 treadmill" or just "T2."
One of the first things I wanted to ask him about was a shot in the trailer of an astronaut working out on a treadmill that vaguely resembled the ISS' real-life T2 treadmill. Had he asked for that shot to be added for realism's sake, or had the filmmakers tossed it in on their own?
“No, actually!” he laughed. “They had already sort of dreamt up those exercise sequences… for me it was quite impressive to see how thoroughly they'd researched the basics of that. So that stuff's already in place, really. We did talk much more closely about what the effects [of microgravity] on the human body were, and from my perspective… it belies the truth, which is that this is an expedition environment, and it's an expedition environment in the same way that walking to the South Pole, or climbing Everest, or walking into a desert is.”
“And by that,” he continued, “I mean that in spite of all the pretty pictures, this is a place that is the same as all of those extreme environments. When you go there, you can't go there indefinitely, and when you do go there, there's a penalty to your physiology and biology.” (In spite of this, Ryan Reynolds still manages to look superhumanly attractive in microgravity.)
Fong echoed something I heard from Schmidt: he, too, was on the movie's set during filming, and, he, too, had been impressed with how much care was taken to accurately emulate the kinematics of and human reactions to microgravity. There was a movement coach on set who had extensively studied films of astronauts in orbit, but Fong brought to the filmmakers' attention the most remarkable “zero g” movies ever filmed: Skylab astronauts Al Bean, Pete Conrad, and others running and flipping around in the forward dome of the Skylab space station. Though it had less than half of the International Space Station's internal volume, Skylab had enormous open internal spaces—far larger than anything on the ISS. This enabled astronauts to do some fantastic tricks and zero-g acrobatics (that's Al Bean, flipping around like a gymnast). Fong made sure these films were included in the training materials for LIFE.
But human biology isn't the film's main focus—this is a movie about alien life. Mars gets all the press, of course, but is it really the number one place in our Solar System where we could look to find extraterrestrial life? What about Europa, or Enceladus, or Titan?
Here, Fong and Schmidt both had essentially the same answer. While the Jovian and Saturnian moons tantalize with hints of potential life, Mars has one overriding advantage: it's close enough that sending people there would actually be possible with technology not dissimilar from what we have available to us today. It is—budgetary considerations aside—a reasonably close and easy destination. Mounting a crewed expedition to Saturn or Jupiter has been a long-standing staple of science fiction, but at least for now, it remains exactly that.
As to what kind of life there might be on Mars, both Schmidt and Fong feel that Mars' warm and wet past might have been enough to give birth to life of some unknown amount of complexity. If there's anything there today, though, odds point to it being extremely simple, extremophilic (at least as we'd define the term when it comes to Earth), and likely subterranean.
That's a far cry from the scary tentacle monster in the trailers—but, hey, it's just a movie. For now, at least.
LIFE features actors Rebecca Ferguson, Jake Gyllenhaal, and Ryan Reynolds. It was produced by SKYDANCE, distributed by Columbia Pictures, and it's due to hit theaters on March 24. We're anticipating being able to review the film just before the release.
Listing image by Columbia Pictures
He didn't expect the flying umbrella.
Earlier today, Maverick Meister only wanted to join the Otaku Festival in peace. A safe, sound one. Minus the total nincompoops his school knows as 'bullies' and his parents ranting on and on about this degree and that.
But that was until a man passed him by and dropped the weird card.
For one, it was weird: who in the obvious heck would make a card game with a dainty looking girl in front? Like she's some sort of weapon of mass destruction?
The man shoved it in his hands. Told him to "keep her safe." And left. Poof! He was gone.
"Her"?
Sounds like plain obsession, making a card something profound.
That was where he really messed up.
Because that night.... a war for supremacy had just begun.
Yeah. Right with the flying umbrella thing.
(Coming soon..... GIRLS x Battle FANFIC!!)
(ANSA) - Rome, August 2 - Industry Minister Carlo Calenda said Wednesday that Italy would apply "the golden share rule with intransigence" as he reported to the Lower House on the Fincantieri-STX case. He added that "we will propose an anti-raid rule for quoted companies". Calenda was speaking amid tension between Italy and France after Paris scuppered Fincantieri's takeover of French shipyard STX.
French mass media conglomerate Vivendi has a stake of almost 24% in Telecom Italia (TIM).
The Italian government announced Tuesday that the industry ministry has called on it to open a probe relating to a July 28 press release by TIM, in which it announced the appointment of Vivendi's Amos Genish as its general manager for operations. The call for investigation cites as its aim to evaluate whether there was an obligation for notification as per the application of a law known in Italy as the "golden power" law.
The law gives the Italian government special powers regarding corporate governance in strategic industries such as energy, transport and telecommunications, particularly in cases of the sale or transfer of shares or assets.
Most herbal products, available to buy as alternative medicines, may be contaminated. Reporting in BioMed Central's open access journal BMC Medicine researchers demonstrate the presence of contamination and substitution of plant species in a selection of herbal products using DNA barcoding.
There is currently no best practice for identifying plant species in herbal products. Traditionally plants are identified through the appearance of the whole plant. This method is not useful though when analyzing processed plant material. DNA barcoding analyses a short genetic sequence from the plant's genome and identifies small differences that allows species identification. In this new study the researchers used barcoding to examine the plant species found in a sample of herbal plant products.
The results showed that 59% of the products contained plant species not listed on the labels. Over two thirds of the products tested had plant species present which were a substitution for the plants listed on the label and a third of products also contained other species that may be a filler or contamination.
According to the World Health Organization, the adulteration of herbal products is a threat to consumer safety. In this current analysis the researchers detected plant species that could pose serious health risks when consumed. The results revealed plant species with known toxicity, side effects and/or negatively interact with other herbs, supplements, or medications were present in some products.
The authors concluded that the contamination and substitution dilute the effectiveness of otherwise useful remedies, lowering the perceived value of all related products because of a lack of consumer confidence in them. 'We suggest that the herbal industry should embrace molecular diagnostic tools such as DNA barcoding for authenticating herbal products through testing of raw materials used in manufacturing products. This would be a minor cost to industry with a limited amount of bulk product testing, which would certify a high quality, authentic product', said Dr. Steven Newmaster of the University of Guelph and lead author of the paper.
Markieff Morris has confirmed what we already suspected. On Tuesday, the disgruntled Phoenix Suns forward told his hometown Philadelphia Inquirer he expected to be traded, saying, "One thing for sure, I am not going to be there."
The Suns still have control over Morris' future, since he's just starting the below-market four-year, $32 million extension he signed last fall that is the source of his discontentment. (Morris and his twin brother, Marcus, simultaneously extended their contracts in the expectation they would remain together. Phoenix subsequently traded Marcus to the Detroit Pistons this summer.) Markieff was clear that he wouldn't hold out if no trade came, but the Suns may not be eager to bring an unhappy player into their locker room, which would make a trade the best outcome for them, too.
Steven Naismith joined Everton from Rangers in 2012
Everton boss Roberto Martinez insists they have not received an approach from Swansea for striker Steven Naismith.
Swans interim boss Alan Curtis admits the Premier League strugglers want the 29-year-old to boost their strike-force in the January transfer window.
Norwich have contacted the Toffees about Naismith but, asked if Swansea had bid, Martinez said: "No."
He added that "another Premier League club" has made a "lot of progress" over Naismith's transfer.
Martinez's comments appear to strengthen the suggestion that Scotland striker Naismith is set to join Norwich.
"Everything is more or less agreed," added the former Swansea manager.
"We've only had one approach from a football club who made an approach in the previous window.
"We haven't received any other official contact from any other Premier League clubs."
The former Rangers striker has started only four league matches this season but scored a hat-trick after coming on as a substitute against Chelsea in September.
Naismith is currently sidelined with an ankle knock and Martinez said: "The priority is to see Steven fully fit and available and then we'll probably have a sit down and we'll decide what's the next step."
Martinez says Naismith's future is in his own hands "up to a point," adding: "But it has to be right for everyone."
Swansea is just one point above the relegation zone after a run of just one win since October and were dumped out of the FA Cup last weekend by lower-league Oxford.
Only bottom club Aston Villa have scored fewer goals than Swansea in the Premier League and Curtis, who is in charge of the Premier League strugglers until at least the end of the season, has admitted the Swans need a striker to boost their survival chances.
"I know he's a player available - he's an excellent player," Curtis said
"Like all good players, if we can afford to bring him in, then we will be interested.
"We're still looking for that main striker. Steve is probably someone who plays just behind the main striker but someone we will be interested in."
Curtis' attempts to boost his squad in the transfer window are aided by the £12m received from Newcastle for the sale of England midfielder Jonjo Shelvey.
"There's a need to strengthen and we've got some money in the bank now, so it's important we spend it," said Curtis.
So I can't believe my little man is 1 month old today!! Other moms weren't kidding when they told me to cherish every minute because time fly's by, I notice so many different things about Mason that are changing like how his little eyelashes are growing so long, and how he smiles and giggles, and has finally woken up from the sleepy newborn stage. I promised to do a little update on what it is like having a baby and I have to admit it is one of the most amazing things you can ever do! Even though at some points you feel like your days are a blur and you don't know what time it is. However, it is totally worth it 🙂
Some things that I was not prepared for was how long recovery takes, I thought that I would be back to the gym in no time! Boy was I wrong, it is now a month since Mason was born and I am still having to take it easy. Between stitches, tailbone pain (that I hope ends soon) and just plain wanting to feel like my old self again. I have accepted that it takes time and the more you rest up in the end the faster your recovery will be. My advice to new moms like me, get as much rest as possible and I know it is hard but I keep learning the hard way of thinking I'm better and then over do it hahaha. But in the end all the craziness that we go through they are so worth it 🙂 I could not imagine my life without him.
It's funny when you think of a newborn you don't think of them being very strong, well our little man is surprisingly strong! He likes tummy time, can hold his head up on his own, and it's as if he wants to stand already. He likes to stand for about 30-45 seconds with us holding him up. He looks like a little mercat when he does it, it is the cutest thing 🙂
Some of the things we have experienced with a 1 month old are:
Wakes up 3 times a night, 1:30 am, 3:30 am, 5:30 am.
Only gets really fussy when hungry, other than that he's not much of a crier which we totally lucked out on!
Is very alert, and strong
More of an adjustment for us rather than him,is it is a big deal traveling around with a baby! I never knew going to the grocery store could be so hard, or any where for that matter.
Everyone loves him, we never knew how much people adore babies (they will literally snatch him up and not give him back until it's time to go).
Didn't know that you could love someone so much and have just met 🙂
Daddy's little man
Zika is notorious for devastating parents. The virus seized worldwide attention last year by mercilessly causing birth defects, leaving thousands of babies with malformed brains. But the insidious virus may have another, subtler way of terrorizing families: wreaking havoc on the male reproductive system.
At least that's the concern raised by a new study that finds that the virus causes severe damage to the testes of mice. In the course of a few weeks, the virus damaged reproductive tissue, spurred inflammation, hampered hormone production, shrunk testicles, and reduced sperm counts of the animals, researchers report Monday in Nature. Subsequent mating trials showed that the infected male mice had lower fertility, producing fewer pregnancies and viable offspring.
It's unclear if the mosquito-borne Zika would cause the same injuries in men as it does in mice, the authors and other experts caution. However, the study begs for follow-up research—particularly given the fact that the virus is known to persist in men's semen for weeks and cause pain and bleeding.
"Don't jump to the conclusion right off that this is definitely what is happening to the human," Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases told ABC News (Fauci was not involved with the study). But, he added, the finding is a "red flag” that researchers need to pursue.
It's not the only new red flag, either. As scientists dive deeper into Zika research, they're finding more and more potential health effects of the cunning virus. In addition to neurological conditions and the birth defect microcephaly (marked by babies born with malformed heads), which first drew worldwide attention to Zika, new research suggests that the virus can infect bone and cartilage and cause eye and hearing problems in developing fetuses, in addition to attacking the male reproductive system.
For the new study, scientists at Washington University used a Zika infection mouse model to track the effects of the virus in males. As in humans, the virus set up shop in the male reproductive tract. By two weeks, mice infected with Zika had shrunken testicles. Researchers also noted signs of inflammation and damage to the tissue structure along the reproductive tract. As a control, mice infected with dengue virus—a relative of Zika—saw no change in their testicle size and condition.
By two weeks, the Zika-infected mice also had lowered levels of two hormones important for the production of sperm: testosterone and inhibin B. At 42 days after infection, the mice had three times less motile sperm than at the start of the study. Unsurprisingly, when the mice were allowed to mate with healthy females, Zika-infected mice produced fewer pregnancies than healthy, uninfected mice. Of those successful pregnancies from infected fathers, there was a higher rate of non-viable fetuses than those from healthy fathers.
“The extent to which these observations in mice translate to humans remains unclear,” the authors concluded, “but longitudinal studies of sperm function and viability in [Zika virus]-infected humans seem warranted.”
Nature, 2016. DOI: 10.1038/nature20556 (About DOIs).
The Buffalo Bills' highest-paid members of the defensive line are making it known they don't agree with how they are being used in coach Rex Ryan's schemes.
On Tuesday, defensive tackle Marcell Dareus backed up recent complaints by defensive end Mario Williams, saying that Ryan calling for the players to drop back in coverage isn't a winning formula.
"Hey, like [Williams] said, they pay us a lot of money. And we want to use our talents the best way we know how. If we're going to be dropping we don't want to get questions about not getting sacks. That's just how it is," Dareus said Tuesday, according to Yahoo! Sports.
Dareus was speaking from the Play 60 event in London to promote Sunday's game against the Jacksonville Jaguars.
The Bills have marketed their quarter-billion-dollar defensive line comprised of defensive end Jerry Hughes (five-year, $45 million contract signed in offseason), Mario Williams (six-year, $96 million contract signed in 2012) and Dareus (six-year, $96.5 million deal signed in offseason) as the "Cold Front," which based on results, is an unintended description for the unit. The Bills have been held to just nine sacks through the first five games.
Marcell Dareus, No. 99, and Mario Williams, No. 94, say they want to be chasing quarterbacks, not dropping back into coverage. Tom Szczerbowski/Getty Images
"We want to make some plays. We don't want fans looking at us crazy," Dareus said, according to Yahoo! "We like making plays. We like getting sacks, just being out there exerting a lot of energy and having fun.
"But when we're dropping, when I'm not out there on third down or just I'm dropping or Kyle [Williams] is dropping or Mario is dropping or Jerry [Hughes] is dropping ... . It's not been a lot of times where there have been all four of us, full tilt, ears pined back and we're going after it. We haven't had a lot of that this year.
"Hopefully Rex is going to implement it. There's nothing we can do."
The Bills failed to register a sack of Andy Dalton on Sunday in a 34-21 loss to the Cincinnati Bengals that dropped the Bills to 3-3 this season. After the game, Williams said, "I think I probably set a record on dropping today."
"When we got four guys rushing, we can do some things. Some of the calls we had today, we just didn't have four guys out there rushing in certain situations, things like that. You just play the call.
"We don't make the calls as players. We've got to go out and execute whatever's called by any means. If it's three guys going, then it's three guys going, and we have to figure out a different way to get there faster on our part," Williams told reports Sunday.
Williams and Dareus aren't alone in questioning how they are being used. Hall of Famer Jim Kelly, who also was at the Play 60 event, agreed with their takes on Tuesday.
"Dropping Mario Williams into coverage a lot? Didn't we pay him a lot of money to hit the quarterback? And if I'm the opposing quarterback and I see him dropping into coverage, oh, that's a big plus. I'd definitely have a smile on my face," Kelly said, according to Yahoo!
Stubborn Hop-heads - Nova Runda
G oing to the front line of one revolution is hard enough, yet this Croatian brewery went all out with pioneering craft ales as well as crowdfunding in their native land.
Nova Runda is a Zagreb based gipsy brewery, run by Miroslav Šuvak and Marko Filipin. Whoever I asked about Croatian beer they referred me to them as the pioneers of the local scene. After a brief research, I knew I had to talk to them since apparently they have a loyal and pretty hardcore following. One of their customers went as far as tattooing their pump clip design on their arm. I asked Miro how did they get here.
Let's start from the beginning, how did you come up with the Idea for the brewery?
As is the case with many breweries we come from a homebrewing background. The homebrewing scene was relatively active in Croatia and a lot of people started to take notice of our beers on competitions. Based on their feedbacks we decided to go pro.
It's on every homebrewer's mind that one day they would like to open a brewery, however they abandon the idea usually. Did you find the transition difficult?
The main problem is usually the lack of funds to open a proper brewery. We started as gipsy brewers in the Kahli brewing facility in Varaždin as we didn't have the money to start our own operation. This was three years ago, in a time when no one in Croatia knew what craft beer is. They didn't even know what an ale is. I presume that was the case in many countries of the region as well because we're all under a big influence of German and Czech brewing schools. That means lagers, lagers and lagers.
Lagers, lagers and lagers
Back when we started, you could only find euro lagers in Croatia. We were pissed off by the lack of choice. As big fans of British and American brewing, we wanted to make this kind of beers rather than bland lagers. Now producing American style ales is our core business. Our year round beers are the American Pale Ale and C4 but we also do seasonal brews - the Fireball red ale and Brale American brown ale.
We are true hop-heads. When we make new recipes other than American style brews we end up adding more and more American hops. It's fair to say that we are crazy about American hops.
It was a risky business move to start brewing these styles three years ago. We didn't know how the market would react to these new beers. We decided that that we shouldn't dive in at the deep end with a bold beer like C4, instead we went with a less extreme recipe which was our APA. Now this beer is our best seller.
After leaving the original facility in Varaždin we moved our production to Jasztrebarszka, a small town about 30 minutes' drive from Zagreb. The brewery there was closed for seven years by the time we found it and started to brew there. This is where brew all of our beer to this day. The only caveat is that it is a brewery set up for lager production predominantly. You can imagine we're not that satisfied with that facility. However, at the moment that's the only thing we have, so we must make it work.
What can we know about the people behind Nova Runda?
I recently read an article in the San Diego Times and they wrote about the craft beer bubble in the USA. There' so many competing breweries If you want to succeed in the brewing business you should have three key staff. The people person, a great head brewer and a sales person. I'm the first and second Marko is the third.
On the serious note the brewery has now six full time employees. I take care of the business tasks. Everything financial, marketing and logistics related is on my table. Marko is our head brewer who is responsible for the production. We are a good collective. I think when starting a brewery, it's important to have a trustworthy partner, a friend because it would be too much for one person.
You've mentioned C4, your flagship IPA is a bold concept. Can you talk a bit more about the beer?
It's a hoppy and juicy IPA. That's the style we are famous for now. We put a lot of hops in that beer. There's about 20 grams per liter and that constitutes as a shitload of hops. The biggest difference between a lot of craft breweries and us is that we are brewing beer for ourselves that we really enjoy. I think that's very important to enjoy your own beer.
We started out as gipsy brewers and because we are a bit stubborn, we didn't want to adapt to the market. In the beginning a lot of people told us our beer is too aromatic and too bitter. We said it supposed to be like that! We believed in our product. And people slowly started to listen and understand our passion for our products.
How did you find the customers with such a niche product?
In the beginning, we didn't have a lot of sales. The beauty of gipsy brewing is that you don't have to quit your day job but it's also taxing to do both. My friend and cofounder Marko is a mathematician by trade but he's also our head brewer. I'm the self-proclaimed craft beer ambassador and my job is to make people aware of our offerings. We invested a lot in social networks. We are strong on Twitter. It is our main communication channel. We don't even have Instagram. Only Twitter Facebook and a blog. I started writing a blog 4 years ago about the development of the brewery.
Source - Nova Runda/facebook
We decided 5 years ago that we wanted a brewery. That's when I started to write a blog. We didn't have a name back then. So, when we decided to name it Nova Runda (another round, next round of drinks) I've started to post about all stages of the progress. Everything from the administrative hurdles to the design of our logo was posted online. Then I started to write about beer and different beer styles as some sort of education program. The aim was to create the market and demand for the products we were about to sell.
You can have great score on RateBeer, you can have fabolous rates on Untappd, but when someone puts a tattoo of your beer, you can say you achieved something.
We don't invest in traditional marketing. If you go to a Croatian craft beer festival and see the lousiest stand with nothing, That's us. Once in a while I put up a T-shirt but that's the maximum effort. We convince people with our beer and that's what we're focusing on. It's not about posters. Maybe that's why people call us punks. But for the record: I listen to stoner rock!
We are against marketing in a way because we are breaking rules. A company wrote a study about our sales strategy a while ago. We are apparently doing great social sales. The effort I put into educating people pays off. I don't find the customers, they find us. In the last two years, I haven't made a single cold call. Our products speak for themselves.
Bootstrapping is always a key step for any startups. How did you secure the startup capital?
Sometime in the beginning we decided to start a crowdfunding campaign. At that time, we were at a web conference where we met some other guys who started a crowdfunding campaign. Every backer in their campaign who invested a certain amount of money would get 1% of shares in the company. They gathered 500.000 Euros.
They laughed their asses off. They said crowd funding is a scam
This inspired us to run a crowd sourcing campaign with rewards. We went with the Indiegogo platform, because it's straight forward to put a project on there and they are flexible about payment. At that time, we were not only pioneers in craft brewing but also pioneers in crowdfunding. During that time, a lot of Croatian people didn't know what the fuck crowdfunding means, including our Ministry of Entrepreneurship and Craft.
When we were planning to build the brewery, we planned to buy the equipment we went to meet a key staffer at the ministry who simply laughed at me when I said a part of the investment would be covered by crowd funding. They laughed their asses off. They said crowd funding is a scam. Then I went on to write an article about it and that went viral. This kind of publicity helped us a lot and eventually help to run a successful campaign on Indiegogo.
Did people sympathies with you guys as you were fighting the bureaucracy?
Yeah, they saw these two regular guys fighting a behemoth. Both in terms of red tape and with macro breweries. We said no to filtered beer. We don't like bottles. In bottles beer will oxidize, we didn't want to compromise quality for longer shelf life.
We wanted to make draft beer. It is a painful path though. You can't easily grow sales when you decide to take this path. When you have bottles you can go to retailers, you can go to distributors. To this day, we don't have a distributor. We are doing everything ourselves.
Every keg goes directly to the pubs. A lot of distributors call that they want to stock our beer. I must tell them off especially when I ask them about if they have a cold room to keep our stock. They don't understand that to preserve the quality of our beer it needs to be kept on 4 degrees Celsius, because it is unfiltered and unpasteurized. We are completely stubborn. This is how our beer should be handled from start to finish so the consumers have the experience we intended. Probably if we would have a corporate financial manager we would get scolded for using so much hops and being so picky with distribution.
This is a restriction but it seems to be working for you. As far as I can see this enthusiasm about your products rubbed off on your customers, do you agree?
Yes, the fruit of all that work was validated a month ago when we won the award from RateBeer for best Croatian brewer and on untappd we are the best brewer and C4 is the best beer on both sites. It is popular and there's demand for it from abroad as well, however we are still restricted by our production choices. There's a certain level of visibility that bottles and cans can provide but when you export a keg that's not the same visually. It's hard to notice that a new keg is on tap in your regular bar.
There are new breweries popping up in the country more and more frequently. How is the competition in a rather small and new market?
We have only started brewing three years ago but already there are more than 25 craft breweries in Croatia. But I'm happy to say that the relationship between us is rather good.
Story time. A couple of years ago we were outsourcing our deliveries to a provider in Zagreb. They were delivering our kegs on Tuesdays and Fridays. On a Friday one of their vans broke down. The delivery guy called me to break the news. It was a complete fuckup and I was pissed because if kegs didn't get to the pub that day punters would have to wait till next weekend for the beer. I called Andrej, the owner of Zmajska Brewery.
I described him the whole situation and ask him if I could borrow their van. He replied without any hesitation. “sure, no problem” I personally picked up their van with the huge dragon logo on the side and made the deliveries myself. There were some raised eyebrows when I showed up to customers in the Zmajska Pivovara van delivering C4.
So, we are really helping each other there's absolutely no bad blood between us. Especially myself I'm doing a lot of effort to write about local beer, brewers and the beer scene in general. I take it as a personal responsibility as we were the first ones around to not just start a scene but to continue fostering it.
What are your plans for the brand?
We are now reviving the plans for our own brewery. The plan is to open a brewery here in Zagreb next year with a taproom and a canning line. We want to do cans, but do them properly.
Can you imagine what we will be doing with a proper setup?
We won't filter our beers. That's the only distribution friendly packaging that would work for us too. It's superior to bottles, especially for American style ales. They are light, sustainable and the sunlight doesn't penetrate them so they don't oxidize. We'd like to follow the example of Moor Beer Company from UK. They made the first can condition beer.
Even with the limitation of our current setup we are doing “OK” beers. Can you imagine what we will be doing with a proper setup?
(Sept 6, 2011) Now with the Ten-Year Anniversary of 9/11 only a few days away, stories and facts have yet re-emerged like a hungry bear from it's den after a long winters hibernation.
Therefore, while perusing the internet, I came across The Telegraphs “21 Awful Truths About 9/11“…
OMG!…. Here is number eight on the list:
“Three hours before the attacks, a machine called a Random Event Generator at Princeton University predicted a cataclysmic event was about to unfold.”
Since this one was new to me, I decided to do a bit of searching around on the internet to find the Princeton postings….
First of all, I would like to preface this that I DO NOT LIKE statistical analysis. Perhaps it is from my early college years when I was a computer programming major. CS majors were required to take a stats class in which we had to write with Pascal code (I know… I'm dating myself) to solve the statistical problem at hand. Talk about a double-whammy. I hated that class…. I believe it was shortly thereafter I realized that programming was not my cup-of-tea.
Following my change of major to a much more enjoyable computer graphics, graduation, then back to college (I was on the long-term plan… if there was such a beast as “Student” as a major, that would have been mine) to study geology and the earth sciences, I can still hear one of my geology professors carrying on about statistics…
“Statistical numbers must be used carefully. They can provide you with factual data, or a bunch of $#!&@!. It is no secret that the same set of statistics can be provided to several different groups. And each group, working independently of the others, are able to achieve different results dependent upon what outcome they are striving to achieve.”
In returning back to the topic at hand you will better understand why I rambled about my Geo Prof… (by the way, have I mentioned I DO NOT LIKE statistics?)…
Here is what I found on one of the Princeton sites:
1. download daily raw datafile for June 16 through September 20, 2001
2. calculate daily empirical mean and sd per egg
3. exclude any raw egg values less than or equal to 50 or more than or equal to 150, and eggs with daily empirical means > 103 or < 97, or sd > 6 or sd < 8 (these thresholds are used as indicators that the eggs malfunctioned; well over 99% of the egg data were usable)
4. use resulting mean & sd to calculate a t-score (199df) per egg, per day
5. t (199df) is approximately equal to z, calculate z-squared per egg
6. sum up all z-squares across eggs, per day, keeping track of the number of eggs
7. create 5-minute consolidations of the per-second data, as sums of z-squares
8. analyze data using 6-hour sliding window
9. calculate z score equivalent for the resulting chi-squares & df
10. calculate odds associated with the z scores
11. plot results
Then this site shows several different plots (I am only posting a few, but feel free to check them out yourself here.)
By the way, have I mentioned I DO NOT LIKE statistics?
Now, I am no dummy. In fact, I am a member of the Mensa Society with a tested IQ of 160. Having said this… what the hell is an egg?
I pondered doing a bit more studying so I could better understand what I just read, but my overwhelming dislike for statistics has taken control. So I look around the internet little further to see if I can find a Princeton site translating all this mumbo-jumbo. And I do find another site which is written in more proper English. So I read:
“The following material shows the behavior of the Global Consciousness Project's network of 37 REG devices called “eggs” placed around the world as they responded during the periods of time specified in formal predictions for the events of September 11 2001.”
Well, there is my answer to the famous riddle, which came first… the chicken or the egg. I will take mine over-easy please. I now have my answer as to what an “egg” is.
After reading about Z-scores, Deviation of Means, and such (amid the flashbacks I was having of Pascal-Statistics), I finally come to:
“The graph of data [below] from the formal prediction for September 11 shows a fluctuating deviation throughout the moments of the five major events, during which ever-increasing numbers of people around the world are hearing the news and watching in stunned disbelief. Times of the major events are marked by boxes on the line of zero deviation. The uncertain fluctuation of the EGG data continues for almost half an hour after the fall of the second WTC tower. Then, at about 11:00, the cumulative deviation takes on a strong trend that continues through the aftermath period and ultimately exceeds the significance criterion. There were 37 eggs reporting on September 11, and over the 4 hours and 10 minutes of the prediction period, their accumlated Chisquare was 15332 on 15000 degrees of freedom. The final probability for the formal hypothesis test was 0.028, which is equivalent to an odds ratio of 35 to one against chance.”
And then it goes into Deviation of Variance. By this time, I've had enough. The flashbacks are too overwhelming. (By the way, have I mentioned I DO NOT LIKE statistics?) Now, if you have made it this far in reading this… congratulations! There is a reason to my rambling, and here are MY thoughts and questions back to these Random Generator-ist-people….
Yes, I believe in randomness of the universe. I also believe in coincidence. Your generator coincided with a MAJOR catastrophic event. Okay… well, two events. Apparently it also predicted the bombing of the American Embassy in Africa in August 1998. What about all the OTHER catastrophic events it did NOT predict? Hurricane Katrina? Oslo killings? The earthquake and tsunami in Japan? Virginia Tech? Steve Jobs stepping as CEO of Apple? These are only a few of a long long list which has been occurring since your Frankenstein creation.
Can your generator… or better yet… YOU explain why these events were NOT predicted? If it has, please… send this my way. I'm dying to see all events having been predicted. Can it predict the next winning set of lottery numbers? If so… THEN you have something useful.
Just like my Geology Professor discussed, you took data and tied it to 911 simply because you wanted that correlation. I firmly believe this was coincidence. I do not believe any machine can predict the unknown, especially human action. It may be able to provide PROBABILITIES, but not on the randomness of human behavior. For the sake of your argument, though, let's say a machine is able to predict human randomness … how do you know the flux in data was not intended to predict that a dog would be hit by a semi at that exact moment (well, 5 exact moments) it spiked? Shame on you, Princeton. I had thought much better of you than this. Okay… I'm getting too serious now. This whole idea has had me laughing so hard my deaf dog has been able to hear me. (you think I'm joking???)
The Random Generator did NOT PREDICT 9/11… it COINCIDED with it.
By the way… have a mentioned I HATE statistics????????????
UPDATE: Sat. Sept. 10, 2011… I have done a bit more research on this topic.
Please click here to see my newest post with more details.
Please, spare me any dread over this goofy dictator's hopefully looming and well-earned demise. Muammar Qaddafi has had over four decades to do right by his country and he ranks right up there with old-man Castro as one of the worst leaders ever to keep a people down. Team Obama should have zero qualms on this one, no matter what any of our alleged allies in the region may say, because if they're worried about additional contagion reaching their kingdoms, they know damn well what needs to be done. Here's why you, Mr. and Mrs. American, should cheer on this revolution along with your careful president.
1. All the usual bad signs are there, so why back a bad pony?
There's no moral upside to his survival. The details keep rolling in: Defecting military officers, that regime official at the UN ready to indict Qaddafi with "genocide," even creepy Silvio Berlusconi is backing away. All that Qaddafi has left is those willing to kill on his behalf, so even if he stays in power, understand that the killing and torturing will go on for months — even years.
2. Qaddafi's a serious nutcase, and has been for years.
He's insane. Our CIA classified him as "borderline insane" several years ago. If you need any proof that it's only gotten worse, let's just go to the tape from his last UN speech. You know what insane dictators do when the mob comes after them? They start whacking. They have their troops fire on as many unarmed protestors as they can. They tell their air force pilots to missile them from the air. They import foreign mercenaries just to increase the body count (and the wider sense of terror). What they never do is start the necessary reforms, so the only way ahead is... This guy's head. On a platter.
3. This is another expectations revolution, so let's please stay on history's side.
Globalization is all about connectivity leading to opportunity leading to wealth creation. Qaddafi gave up his nuclear program just over seven years ago and had all the international sanctions lifted a couple years later. And what has been the result? A bit of an oil boom with Western firms (BP, Exxon, Mobil) jumping in, but nothing for the little people, one-third of whom live in poverty and half of which are under 25. The guy is sitting on the lightest, sweetest crude in the world and he's done nothing but pad his Mubarak-plus fortune and blow countless dollars on white elephants. The last Heritage Foundation economic freedom index put Libya at 173, just above such nightmares as Burma, Venezuela, Cuba, Zimbabwe and North Korea. I don't care what you label the "axis." Let's just be happy when one of these assholes gets it in the end.
4. Qaddafi was never our man and never will be.
Qaddafi finally bought his get-out-of-jail-card many years after his Lockerbie air-terror mass murder, and some naïve observers have labeled him an "efficient, if laid-back autocrat," but he's never lived up to the alleged promise of a Bush-Cheney "success story" for having given up his WMD. No one at State can come up with a single thing he's ever done for us, so America owes him nada.
5. Please, do not sell us his "reformer son."
It's the great white lie of the region, and we fall for it every time: "Yes, the old man is bad, but the son — my goodness! He was educated in Europe and likes American movies and jazz. Have you heard him speak on the need for reform?" And then, when he finally gets into office, nothing happens. The kid is just as woven into the fabric of corruption and abuse of power as the old man was. Listen to Saif al-Islam already promising to fight to "the last bullet." Even if he is a wannabe reformer, imagine how long it takes him to pay that bill off to the killers.
6. We must think of the stability of global oil markets!
Bullshit. Libya exports 1.1 million barrels of day in a single integrated global market that runs about 35 mbd, so we're talking a whopping 3% at best. Saudi spare capacity is officially 1.5-2.0 MBD (or: a million barrels per day), but truth be told, it's significantly higher if need be. If the royal family wants to keep its crown, then let's agree it's a need be. As for the short-term price spike, please! We should be happy to spare a few bucks to spare some lives. Better argument: think about how much more oil will be found in poorly surveyed Libya after the place really opens up.
7. We must think about the al-Qaeda threat in North Africa!
Libya has got 300 AQ fighters in lock-up, long after their sentences were served. We're led to believe this is a great service to the world. But look at it this way: The world adds 70 million to its emerging middle class each year, most of them in emerging and frontier markets. Should we be in the business of keeping 6 or 7 million Libyans unfree out of the fear of what this crew could do? Freedom House lists Libya as its "worst of the worst" on political rights and civil liberties. That reality defines al-Qaeda's power in the region. By definition, Qaddafi is a major al-Qaeda enabler. On this one I say, Leave the gun. Take the cannoli.
Esquire contributing editor Thomas P.M. Barnett is the author of Great Powers: America and the World After Bush. For his weekly video bulletins for Wikistrat, click here.
It's morning, and I've just arrived in Skyrim. I wear no armor, just simple clothing and footwraps. I carry no two-handed broadsword, just a small iron dagger. No fearsome warpaint adorns my face and no jagged scars tell stories of hard-fought battles won. I have no priceless treasures or magical artifacts, just a handful of gold coins and a single piece of fruit.
I won't be looting ghoul-infested crypts or rampaging through bandit-occupied forts, I won't be helping citizens with their various problems and quests, and I certainly won't be awakening any dragons. My name is Nordrick. I'm not a hero, I'm an NPC, and I'm here not to play Skyrim, but to live in it.
I did something similar with The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion, and wrote about it in a blog called Livin' in Oblivion . The NPC I created for Oblivion was a dopey-looking fellow called Nondrick, and I'll be following similar rules with his descendant, Nordrick, here in Skyrim:
Eat and sleep regularly, and walk everywhere, as NPCs do, unless there's a specific reason to sprint, such as while hunting, fighting, or fleeing. No fast travel!
Do my best to avoid adventure, intrigue, and excitement, though if a quest seems reasonably boring or safe (such as a crafting tutorial), it might be okay.
No stealing, and no "stealing" (I can't join a guild for the sole purpose of helping myself to all their stuff and selling it to a vendor).
Find some way to make a living that doesn't involve adventuring. Find a place to call home, and maybe even land a spouse, if the fates allow (they probably won't).
NPCs can't reload a previous saved game if things don't go their way. Neither can Nordrick. If he dies, he dies.
In my Oblivion blog, I began the game standing on a boat in the small coastal city of Anvil . As Nordrick, I will be starting in a similar fashion, standing on a boat in the small coastal city of Dawnstar. Nordrick will begin the game with the same meager inventory as Nondrick did: a dagger, an apple, and 17 gold pieces. (If anyone is interested, I can post in the comments what console codes I used to start my game like this).
Okay. Enough mundane set-up! Let's get into Nordrick's mundane life! I slowly stroll off the boat I'm pretending to have just arrived on after a long trip I'm pretending to have taken, and walk up the dock into the town. Dawnstar is a chilly, drab-looking village, its few buildings clustered together as if for warmth. Lo and behold, the entrance to a mine is straight ahead of the dock. I sort of wanted to have a look at the town and maybe chat with the locals a bit before beginning hours of routine manual labor, but since the mine is right here, I might as well get to work.
Walking into Quicksilver Mine, I'm gripped by a sudden moment of panic. The place is dark and rumbly, and I have a vision of the mine entrance collapsing behind me, trapping me inside, and having to fight giant spiders or cave trolls or irresponsible mine safety administrators to escape. What if this isn't a mine but a clever attempt by the game to force me to immediately have an adventure? Oblivion was constantly trying to engage me with thrills, and I don't imagine Skyrim will be any different.
Luckily, the mine remains mundane and doesn't collapse, although I am immediately faced with my first tough moral quandary: I'm here to mine ore, but I don't have a pickaxe. I find one lying on a table, and it's not marked as an owned item, so if I take it, the game won't consider it stealing. Still, it feels like stealing, since it's not mine. I decide to compromise and borrow it: I'll do some mining, and then leave the pickaxe behind when I'm done, and try to buy my own later. That feels like a satisfying decision, and probably as close as I'll get to a dramatic personal choice in this blog (you've been warned).
I get busy, swinging the axe with my spindly arms, chipping away at the rock in a few different places in the cave. Pretty quickly, my pockets are loaded with quicksilver ore: 15 hunks of it, in fact, which I determine to be worth 25 gold apiece (I'm sure the local vendors will disagree). I'm also surprised to dig up a couple shiny garnets, which I value at 100 gold each. Man, I've only been working for an hour and I'm already rolling in loot! Poor Grampa Nondrick worked for ages picking flowers and mixing potions to attain the kind of wealth I've amassed in my first hour in Skyrim.
Finished, I drop the borrowed pickaxe roughly where I found it, but I'm surprised when another miner, a woman named Edith, walks over, picks up the axe, tells me she saw me drop it, and hands it back to me. How thoughtful of her! Shame that I can't propose to her on the spot (marriage is little complicated in Skyrim), because Edith is my kind of woman: hard-working, considerate, and female. I can't explain to her that the axe doesn't actually belong to me, so I walk close to the entrance of the mine, drop it again, and leave before she can scurry over and politely force it back into my inventory.
Outside, the mine's owner, Leigelf, offers to buy all the ore I chipped up, which strikes me as a little weird. It's his mine, isn't it is ore? It's like owning a grocery store, then buying all the food back from the customers as they leave. Leigelf also makes an angry, passing reference to "milk drinkers." I don't know what the heck that means, but I assume it's some sort of racism. Stay classy, Leigelf. At any rate, I want to try to use this ore to craft something more valuable, so I don't sell any of it. I wait patiently for a miner named Lond to finish using the smelter, smelt half of my ore into ingot form, then head over to the blacksmith's shop.
I chat a bit with Rustlief, the local smith, and try to sell him my garnets, but he's not interested. I start using his forge, hoping to make something with the quicksilver I mined, but, even as watch myself bang away at an anvil with tools and materials I don't have, I see that I can't craft anything with my quicksilver ingots. I don't even know what the hell quicksilver is, frankly.
I take a quick (actually, instantaneous) break, eat my apple for lunch, and then I stroll around town some more. I chat with the people I pass, and nearly all of them mention having terrible nightmares. Some go on about it at length. Ominous. There is a cloud hanging over this town, a dark cloud in the shape of a giant quest. I walk away in the middle of a conversation to eat some strange berries I find on a bush, which I admit is pretty rude. Someone is desperately asking for help with terrible supernatural nightmares, and I walk away and start stuffing random berries into my face. But look, sometimes you get quests just from listening to people for too long, and I want to avoid that. Also, free berries! Eating them reveals one of their alchemical properties to me, so I've taken my first small step in the world of alchemy. Grampa Nondrick, a decent alchemist in his own right, would be proud.
I descend into an iron mine and leave a few hours later, laden with iron ore and a bunch more gems (at this rate I'll be able to craft my own game of Bejeweled). I still can't make anything at the forge, though, because I need leather. I can't afford to buy any, so that means I need to hunt, and hunting means I need a bow and some arrows.
It's actually getting kind of late already (walking everywhere instead of running really eats up the day: try it sometime), so I head over to the local inn. I meet an attractive woman named Karita, who mentions she's a bard and that she trained at a Bard college. A hot, employed college graduate? I think I want to marry Karita instead of Edith. I mean, maybe if Edith had gone to college she wouldn't be covered with filth and breaking rocks in a hole. Then, Karita starts beating on a drum and singing, and wow, she's just terrible. I'm quickly leaning back toward wanting to marry Edith again.
I pay for a room for the night, and I'm genuinely charmed by the fact that the innkeeper, Thoring, actually walks me to it, rather than just vaguely telling me where it is (as innkeepers did in Oblivion). Pleasant, helpful, and runs his own business? Plus, he has a nice selection of cheeses on his counter. Maybe I should marry him instead.
After paying for the room (10 gold) and buying a piece of bread for dinner (6 gold), my savings account is down to a single gold piece. I'm a little conflicted: mining has provided me items of value, but no one I've come across will buy the precious stones, and I want to save the ingots and ore for crafting, if possible. I'll have to find a solution tomorrow, because the room is only rented for one night, and a Nord's gotta eat. At least I got through the day without having any adventures, and only fell in love three times.
There's a book on the night table, and I consider reading it before bed, but it's called "The Cabin in the Woods, Volume II", and I haven't read Volume I yet. No spoilers! I'm a little worried about these nightmares everyone is having: what if simply falling asleep starts some dangerous quest? Thoring, though, tells me I won't have bad dreams: they don't seem to affect travelers, only locals. As I stand beside my bed all night, sleeping, I take some small comfort in that.
In this Japanese name , the family name is Yamagata.
Prince Yamagata Aritomo (山縣 有朋, June 14, 1838 – February 1, 1922), also known as Yamagata Kyōsuke,[1] was a Japanese field marshal in the Imperial Japanese Army and twice Prime Minister of Japan. He was one of the main architects of the military and political foundations of early modern Japan. Yamagata Aritomo can be seen as the father of Japanese militarism.[2]
Early career [ edit ]
Yamagata in his early years.
Yamagata was born in a lower-ranked samurai family from Hagi, the capital of the feudal domain of Chōshū (present-day Yamaguchi prefecture). He went to Shokasonjuku, a private school run by Yoshida Shōin, where he devoted his energies to the growing underground movement to overthrow the Tokugawa shogunate. He was a commander in the Kiheitai, a paramilitary organization created on semi-western lines by the Chōshū domain. During the Boshin War, the revolution of 1867 and 1868 often called the Meiji Restoration, he was a staff officer.
After the defeat of the Tokugawa, Yamagata together with Saigō Tsugumichi was selected by the leaders of the new government to go to Europe in 1869 to research European military systems. Yamagata like many Japanese was strongly influenced by the striking success of Prussia in transforming itself from an agricultural state to a leading industrial and military power. He accepted Prussian political ideas, which favored military expansion abroad and authoritarian government at home. On returning he was asked to organize a national army for Japan, and he became War Minister in 1873. Yamagata energetically modernized the fledgling Imperial Japanese Army, and modeled it after the Prussian Army. He began a system of military conscription in 1873.[3]
Military career [ edit ]
As War Minister, Yamagata pushed through the foundation of the Imperial Japanese Army General Staff, which was the main source of Yamagata's political power and that of other military officers through the end of World War I. He was Chief of the Army General Staff in 1878–1882, 1884–85 and 1904-1905.
Yamagata in 1877 led the newly modernized Imperial Army against the Satsuma Rebellion led by his former comrade in revolution, Saigō Takamori of Satsuma. At the end of the war, when Saigo's severed head was brought to Yamagata, he ordered it washed, and held the head in his arms as he pronounced a meditation on the fallen hero.
He also prompted Emperor Meiji to write the Imperial Rescript to Soldiers and Sailors, in 1882. This document was considered the moral core of the Japanese Army and Naval forces until their dissolution in 1945.
Yamagata was awarded the rank of field marshal in 1898. He showed his leadership on military issues as acting War Minister and Commanding General during the First Sino-Japanese War; as the Commanding General of the Japanese First Army during the Russo-Japanese War; and as the Chief of the General Staff Office in Tokyo. He was the political and military ideological ancestor of the Hokushin-ron as he traced the first lines of a national defensive strategy against Russia after Russo-Japanese War.[4]
Political career [ edit ]
Aritomo Yamagata
Yamagata was one of the group of seven political leaders, later called the genrō, who came to dominate the government of Japan. The word can be translated principal elders or senior statesmen. The genrō were a subset of the revolutionary leaders who shared common objectives and who by about 1880 had forced out or isolated the other original leaders. These seven men (plus two who were chosen later after some of the first seven had died) led Japan for many years, through its great transformation from an agricultural country into a modern military and industrial state. All the genrō served at various times as cabinet ministers, and most were at times prime minister. As a body, the genrō had no official status, they were simply trusted advisers to the Emperor. Yet the genrō made collectively the most important decisions, such as peace and war and foreign policy, and when a cabinet resigned they chose the new prime minister. In the twentieth century their power diminished because of deaths and quarrels among themselves, and the growing political power of the Army and Navy. But the genrō clung to the power of naming prime ministers up to the death of the last genrō Prince Saionji in 1940.
Yamagata and Itō Hirobumi were long the most prominent of the seven, and after the assassination of Itō in 1909, Yamagata dominated the genrō. But Yamagata also held a large and devoted power base in the officers of the army and the militarists. He became the towering leader of Japanese conservatives. He profoundly distrusted all democratic institutions, and he devoted the later part of his life to building and defending the power, especially the political power, of the army.[5]
During his long and versatile career, Yamagata held numerous important governmental posts. In 1882, he became president of the Board of Legislation (Sanjiin) and as Home Minister (1883–87) he worked vigorously to suppress political parties and repress agitation in the labor and agrarian movements. He also organized a system of local administration, based on a prefecture-county-city structure which is still in use in Japan today. In 1883 Yamagata was appointed to the post of Lord Chancellor, the highest bureaucratic position in the government system before the Meiji Constitution of 1889.
Yamagata became the third Prime Minister of Japan after the creation of the Cabinet of Japan from December 24, 1889 to May 6, 1891. He became the first prime minister who had to share power with a partially-elected Imperial Diet under the Meiji Constitution that took effect in 1890. During his first term, the Imperial Rescript on Education was issued. In order to pass a budget for fiscal 1891 (begins in April), he had to negotiate with a liberal majority in the House of Representatives, the elected lower house of the Diet.
Yamagata became Prime Minister for a second term from November 8, 1898 to October 19, 1900. In 1900, while in his second term as Prime Minister, he ruled that only an active military officer could serve as War Minister or Navy Minister, a rule that gave the military control over the formation of any future cabinet. He also enacted laws preventing political party members from holding any key posts in the bureaucracy.
He was President of the Privy Council from 1893–94 and 1905–22.
Prince Yamagata Aritomo, before 1922
Attending the coronation of the Russian Czar Nicholas II on November 1, 1894, Yamagata made a tentative offer to Spain on buying the Philippines for £40 million.[6]
In 1896, Yamagata led a diplomatic mission to Moscow, which produced the Yamagata–Lobanov Agreement confirming Japanese and Russian rights in Korea.
Yamagata was elevated to the peerage, and received the title of koshaku (prince) under the kazoku system in 1907.
From 1900 to 1909, Yamagata opposed Itō Hirobumi, leader of the civilian party, and exercised influence through his protégé, Katsura Tarō. After the assassination of Itō Hirobumi in 1909, Yamagata became the most influential politician in Japan and remained so until his death in 1922, although he retired from active participation in politics after the Russo-Japanese War. However, as president of the Privy Council from 1909 to 1922, Yamagata remained the power behind the government and dictated the selection of future Prime Ministers until his death. However, his power had been greatly damaged in 1921 when he expressed strong opposition to the engagement of Hirohito and Nagako citing color blindness of Nagako's family. The Imperial family struggled against the pressure from Yamagata and the couple eventually managed to get married.
In 1912 Yamagata set the precedent that the army could dismiss a cabinet. A dispute with Prime Minister Marquis Saionji Kinmochi over the military budget became a constitutional crisis, known as the Taisho Crisis after the newly enthroned Emperor. The army minister, General Uehara Yūsaku, resigned when the cabinet would not grant him the budget he wanted. Saionji sought to replace him. Japanese law required that the ministers of the army and navy must be high-ranking generals and admirals on active duty (not retired). In this instance all the eligible generals at Yamagata's instigation refused to serve in the Saionji cabinet, and the cabinet was compelled to resign.
Personal life and hobbies [ edit ]
Yamagata was a talented garden designer, and today the gardens he designed are considered masterpieces of Japanese gardens. A noted example is the garden of the villa Murin-an in Kyoto.[7]
As Yamagata had no children, he adopted a nephew, the second son of his eldest sister, to be his heir. Yamagata Isaburō subsequently assisted his adopted father by serving as a career bureaucrat, cabinet minister, and head of the civilian administration of Korea.[8]
Awards [ edit ]
Japanese [ edit ]
Peerages and titles [ edit ]
Count (July 7, 1884)
Genro (May 26, 1895)
Marquis (August 5, 1895)
Marshal-General (January 20, 1898)
Prince (September 21, 1907)
Decorations [ edit ]
Order of precedence [ edit ]
Fifth rank (August 1870)
Fourth rank (December 1872)
Third rank (December 1884)
Second rank (October 1886)
Senior second rank (December 20, 1895)
Junior First Rank (February 1, 1922; posthumous)
Foreign [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
Embed from Getty Images The Wests Tigers' salary cap mess looks set to ensure another rep star is playing for a different club in 2016 with Martin Taupau reportedly keen to walk away.
Speaking on NRL 360 on Wednesday night, Triple M Brisbane's Ben Dobbin revealed Taupau had asked for a release from the Tigers with the Rabbitohs and Titans set to pounce.
“One of the biggest names in their side, Martin Taupau, will not be playing there next year,” Dobbin said.
“What I can tell you is that he has asked the club that he could please get a release.”
“Now, everybody's talking that he's going to go to South Sydney but my understanding is that the Gold Coast Titans are right in the mix to sign this superstar.”
Read more at Foxsports.com.au
Suicide Squad was a massive hit. Not just at the box office, but musically as well. The soundtrack went gold, and there were four major singles and music videos released. Atlantic Records EVP Kevin Weaver boasted about the movie's successful music on Instagram today.
Advertisement
“Over 1 billion streams on Spotify alone for the 4 Suicide Squad singles and this comes only 8 months since the release of the project,” Weaver said. “Thank you to everyone who rocked these records over and over again all around the world 🙏 Squad 2, Gotham City Sirens (aka The Harley Quinn Movie) and more coming your way soon.”
“1.5 billion streams to date on YouTube on our 4 squad music videos. Mind blowing,” he added.
That's 2.5 billion streams just on Spotify and YouTube alone. If you factor in other music streaming services that don't make their stats public (like Apple Music and Google Play Music), we're looking at over 3 billion streams on the Suicide Squad soundtrack alone.
Richard Suckle, a producer on Suicide Squad, replied to Weaver's posts and teased that even bigger things would come in Suicide Squad 2. “We must do it again!,” he said on one post. “Just wait for Squad 2 s-track!,” he added on another.
Short story by Edgar Allan Poe
"The Tell-Tale Heart" is a short story by American writer Edgar Allan Poe, first published in 1843. It is relayed by an unnamed narrator who endeavors to convince the reader of the narrator's sanity while simultaneously describing a murder he committed. The victim was an old man with a filmy "vulture-eye", as the narrator calls it. The narrator emphasizes the careful calculation of the murder, attempting the perfect crime, complete with dismembering and hiding the body under the floorboards. Ultimately, the narrator's feelings of guilt, or a mental disturbance, result in hearing a thumping sound, which the narrator interprets as the dead man's beating heart.
The story was first published in James Russell Lowell's The Pioneer in January 1843. "The Tell-Tale Heart" is often considered a classic of the Gothic fiction genre and is one of Poe's best known short stories.
The specific motivation for murder (aside from the narrator's dislike of the old man's eye), the relationship between narrator and old man, the gender of the narrator and other details are left unclear. The narrator denies having any feelings of hatred or resentment for the man who had, as stated, never wronged them. The narrator also denies having killed for greed.
It has been speculated that the old man is a father figure, the narrator's landlord, or that the narrator works for the old man as a servant, and that perhaps his "vulture-eye" represents some sort of veiled secret, or power. The ambiguity and lack of details about the two main characters stand in stark contrast to the specific plot details leading up to the murder.
Plot summary [ edit ]
"The Tell-Tale Heart" is a first-person narrative of an unnamed narrator, who insists that they are sane, but is suffering from a disease (nervousness) which causes "over-acuteness of the senses". Due to the ambiguity surrounding the identity of the story's narrator, the narrator's gender is uncertain.
The old man with whom the narrator lives has a clouded, pale, blue "vulture-like" eye, which distresses the narrator so much that they plot to murder the old man, despite also insisting that they love the old man. The narrator insists that their careful precision in committing the murder proves that the narrator cannot possibly be insane. For seven nights, the narrator opens the door of the old man's room in order to shine a sliver of light onto the "evil eye". However, the old man's vulture-eye is always closed, making it impossible to "do the work".
On the eighth night, the old man awakens after the narrator's hand slips and makes a noise, interrupting the narrator's nightly ritual. But the narrator does not draw back and, after some time, decides to open the lantern. A single thin ray of light shines out and lands precisely on the "evil eye", revealing that it is wide open. Hearing the old man's heart beating loudly and dangerously fast from terror, the narrator decides to strike, jumping out with a loud yell and smothering the old man with his own bed. The narrator then dismembers the body and conceals the pieces under the floorboards, and ensures the concealment of all signs of the crime. Even so, the old man's scream during the night causes a neighbor to report to the police, who the narrator invites in to look around. The narrator claims that the scream heard was the narrator's own in a nightmare and that the man is absent in the country. Confident that they will not find any evidence of the murder, the narrator brings chairs for them and they sit in the old man's room, on the very spot where the body is concealed, and suspect nothing, as the narrator has a pleasant and easy manner.
The narrator begins to feel uncomfortable and notices a ringing in their ears. As the ringing grows louder, the narrator comes to the conclusion that it is the heartbeat of the old man coming from under the floorboards. The sound increases steadily, though the officers seem to pay no attention to it. Terrified by the violent beating of the heart, and convinced that the officers are aware not only of the heartbeat but also of the narrator's guilt, the narrator breaks down and confesses, telling them to tear up the floorboards to reveal the remains of the old man's body.
Publication history [ edit ]
The Pioneer: A Literary and Critical Magazine, page 29 "The Tell-Tale Heart" in, page 29
"The Tell-Tale Heart" was first published in January 1843 in the inaugural issue of The Pioneer: A Literary and Critical Magazine, a short-lived Boston magazine edited by James Russell Lowell and Robert Carter who were listed as the "proprietors" on the front cover. The magazine was published in Boston by Leland and Whiting and in Philadelphia by Drew and Scammell.
Poe was likely paid $10 for the story.[1] Its original publication included an epigraph which quoted Henry Wadsworth Longfellow's poem "A Psalm of Life".[2] The story was slightly revised when republished in the August 23, 1845, edition of the Broadway Journal. This edition omitted Longfellow's poem because Poe believed it was plagiarized.[2] "The Tell-Tale Heart" was reprinted several additional times during Poe's lifetime.[3]
Analysis [ edit ]
"The Tell-Tale Heart" uses an unreliable narrator. The exactness with which the narrator recounts murdering the old man, as if the stealthy way in which they executed the crime were evidence of their sanity, reveals their monomania and paranoia. The focus of the story is the perverse scheme to commit the perfect crime.[4]
The narrator of "The Tell-Tale Heart" is generally assumed to be male. However, some critics have suggested a woman may be narrating; no pronouns are used to clarify one way or the other.[5] The story starts in medias res. The story opens with a conversation already in progress between the narrator and another person who is not identified in any way. It has been speculated that the narrator is confessing to a prison warden, a judge, a reporter, a doctor or (anachronistically) a psychiatrist.[6] In any case, the narrator explains themself in great detail.[7] What follows are a study of terror but, more specifically, the memory of terror, as the narrator is relating events from the past.[8] The first word of the story, "True!", is an admission of their guilt, as well as an assurance of reliability.[6] This introduction also serves to gain the reader's attention.[9] Every word contributes to the purpose of moving the story forward, exemplifying Poe's theories about the writing of short stories.[10]
The story is driven not by the narrator's insistence upon their "innocence", but by their insistence on their sanity. This, however, is self-destructive, because in attempting to prove their sanity they fully admit that they are guilty of murder.[11] Their denial of insanity is based on their systematic actions and their precision, as they provide a rational explanation for irrational behavior.[7] This rationality, however, is undermined by their lack of motive ("Object there was none. Passion there was none."). Despite this, they say, the idea of murder "haunted me day and night."[11]
The story's final scene shows the result of the narrator's feelings of guilt. Like many characters in Gothic fiction, they allow their nerves to dictate their nature. Despite their best efforts at defending themself, their "over acuteness of the senses", which help them hear the heart beating beneath the floorboards, is evidence that they are truly mad.[12] Poe's contemporaries may well have been reminded of the controversy over the insanity defense in the 1840s.[13]
The narrator claims to have a disease that causes hypersensitivity. A similar motif is used for Roderick Usher in "The Fall of the House of Usher" (1839) and in "The Colloquy of Monos and Una" (1841).[14] It is unclear, however, if the narrator actually has very acute senses, or if they are merely imagining things. If their condition is believed to be true, what they hear at the end of the story may not be the old man's heart, but deathwatch beetles. The narrator first admits to hearing beetles in the wall after startling the old man from his sleep. According to superstition, deathwatch beetles are a sign of impending death. One variety of deathwatch beetle raps its head against surfaces, presumably as part of a mating ritual, while others emit ticking sounds.[14] Henry David Thoreau observed in an 1838 article that deathwatch beetles make sounds similar to a heartbeat.[15] The beating could even be the sound of the narrator's own heart. Alternatively, if the beating is really a product of the narrator's imagination, it is that uncontrolled imagination that leads to their own destruction.[16]
It is also possible that the narrator has paranoid schizophrenia. Paranoid schizophrenics very often experience auditory hallucinations. These auditory hallucinations are more often voices, but can also be sounds.[17]
The relationship between the old man and the narrator is ambiguous. Their names, occupations, and places of residence are not given, contrasting with the strict attention to detail in the plot.[18] The narrator may be a servant of the old man's or, as is more often assumed, his child. In that case, the "vulture-eye" of the old man as a father figure may symbolize parental surveillance, or the paternal principles of right and wrong. The murder of the eye, then, is a removal of conscience.[19] The eye may also represent secrecy: only when the eye is found open on the final night, penetrating the veil of secrecy, is the murder carried out.[20]
Richard Wilbur suggested that the tale is an allegorical representation of Poe's poem "To Science", which depicts a struggle between imagination and science. In "The Tell-Tale Heart", the old man may thus represent the scientific and rational mind, while the narrator may stand for the imaginative.[21]
Adaptations [ edit ]
click image izamon, Shutterstock.com
In December, a pair of San Antonio state lawmakers filed a bill to address what seems to be a universally agreed-upon menace: Cyberbullying. In particular, aggressive cyberbullying across social media platforms by school-aged kids — the kind that can push kids to commit suicide. But with its focus on incarceration and potential to violate free speech laws, some children's rights advocates say the bill could do more harm to Texas kids than good.The bill, filed by local Democratic lawmakers Sen. Jose Menendez and Rep. Ina Minjarez, is named after David Molak, a 16-year-old San Antonian who took his own life last year after months of relentless cyberbullying. If passed in the coming legislative session, “David's Law” would make it illegal to “electronically harass or bully” anyone under the age 18. To find these culprits, the bill would let school districts collaborate with law enforcement to investigate off-campus cyberbullying, and would give police the subpoena power to unveil anonymous social media users behind “threatening messages.”According to Sen. Menendez, law enforcement currently doesn't have the tools to do anything about cyberbullying — and schools are hesitant to interfere.“I don't feel it's right for school districts to wash their hands of this problem just because it didn't happen on school grounds,” Menendez told us. “They should help parents and law enforcement get to the bottom of these incidents.”That may include hiring a staff member whose specific job is monitoring (and understanding) social media platforms. A piece of that, Menendez said, is having districts install a hotline for students or parents to anonymously report bullying. Law enforcement would then investigate further.But Will Francis, the government relations director for Texas' National Association of Social Workers, doesn't necessarily think schools should be working so closely with the police. Instead, he said, the bill should focus on improving mental health resources in schools to address bullying before it becomes criminal.“My concern is that we'll just be sticking more kids with felonies,” said Francis, who says he's been advising Menendez on the bill's focus. “I worry we'll see more schools in poorer, non-white areas using hard and fast punitive criminal justice as a solution.” Which is already a problem. There's currently about one campus police officer for every 250 public school students in Texas — but one school counselor for every 470 students. Francis said that expanding the number of school counselors and other mental health staffers on campus could help victims of bullying, and their bullies, without having to get law enforcement involved.“The majority of kids that bully others have been bullied themselves,” Francis said. Or, he added, they may have their own mental health problems that need to be addressed, not criminalized. That is, if the law can even punish online bullying in the first place.According to David Greene, a senior attorney at the Electronic Frontier Foundation, law enforcement would be violating students' First Amendment rights if they arrest kids for what they write about online.“We believe — and most courts agree — that schools are very limited when it comes to punishing off-campus student speech,” Greene said. Student speech is still protected by free speech laws, regardless of how cruel and unusual it is — especially when they're off-campus.Schools are free to investigate online bullying to determine how or if it bleeds onto campus, Greene added, but prosecuting or disciplining a kid for bullying speech online is a whole different matter.“There's no rule in the First Amendment for speech that causes harm for a minor,” he said. “If they want to pass these protections, it will have to fit within current laws.” Harassment laws, for example, could cover online bullying, if there's enough proof.David's Law was modeled after “Grace's Law,” a Maryland law passed in 2013 that made cyberbullying a misdemeanor. The law, however, is currently being challenged in court for violating First Amendment rights. Menendez actually says he expects a similar response from free speech advocates.“It's a slippery slope, going after kids for saying bad things on the internet,” Francis said. Plus, he added, the internet remains a “Wild West” of government regulations.“This is still Texas, it's very much a punitive culture,” Francis said. “But I don't think it's the answer.”
ANDIPATTI: Tamil Nadu Minister K T Rajendra Balaji has said "nobody can shake" the AIADMK as long as Prime Minister Narendra Modi "supports the party".Expressing confidence that chief minister K Palaniswami's camp would get the 'two leaves' symbol, the State Dairy Minister said, "The symbol will come to EPS camp... there is no doubt about it."Addressing a party meeting here late last night, he said as along as "Prime Minister Narendra Modi is with us, nobody can shake our party... nobody can destroy AIADMK...."He asserted that no one could oppose the ruling AIADMK, including the DMK.He claimed that 92 per cent of general council members supported the Palaniswami camp.The Election Commission had on March 23 frozen the name AIADMK and its election symbol after the factions led by Sasikala and former chief minister O Panneerselvam staked claim to it ahead of the R K Nagar bypoll, necessitated by the death of party supremo J Jayalalithaa.Chief Minister Palaniswami, however, revolted against Sasikala. On August 21, rival AIADMK factions led by Palaniswami and Panneerselvam merged, ending a nearly seven- month feud in a power sharing formula in the ruling party and the government in which the latter was made the deputy chief minister.Balaji had earlier courted controversy when he alleged that private dairy firms mixed harmful chemicals in milk.
A number of rival teams increasingly believe that New York Knicks star Carmelo Anthony plans to hold off on announcing any decision about his future until LeBron James reveals where he'll be playing next season, according to sources close to the process.
Sources told ESPN.com that Anthony, whose decision was widely expected before a resolution to James' situation when free agency began, has kept the Knicks, Los Angeles Lakers and other suitors waiting at least in part to see where James goes and whether there would be any option to join his close friend.
Editor's Picks Stephen A.: For Melo, it's Gotham or South Beach The only destination, besides New York, that makes sense for Melo is Miami.
Sources say that the Knicks thought they'd know by Monday if Anthony was prepared to commit to new team president Phil Jackson for the long term or sign with the Lakers instead. The Knicks can offer Anthony a five-year maximum deal valued at $129 million, with the Lakers' max offer topping out at $96 million over four years.
The Lakers' pitch to Anthony included a conversation with Hall of Famer Magic Johnson, according to ESPN. Johnson called from his European vacation because, as one source put it, "He will always be a Laker. If he was in town, he'd have been in the meeting."
Los Angeles is determined to wait on James and Anthony before moving on in its pursuit of other free agents. James and Anthony are the Lakers' main targets, but with each passing day, the franchise gets antsy about potentially missing on other free-agent targets such as Pau Gasol and Trevor Ariza.
Anthony has gone as silent as James with free agency now more than a week old, sparking the belief that he's waiting to see if there is a viable opportunity for the two stars to team up.
"He wants to see what LeBron does," one source with knowledge of Anthony's thinking told ESPN. "But he can't wait forever."
Carmelo Anthony is waiting on LeBron James to decide where he'll play next season before committing to a free-agent deal, according to sources. Jim McIsaac/Getty Images
The Knicks have tried to maintain their long-held confidence that Anthony will stay in New York, sources said, but the delay has definitely frayed some nerves, with no indication as of Wednesday morning when either Anthony or James plan to make their decisions known.
Anthony held meetings last week with Chicago, Houston, Dallas and the Lakers before granting last word to the Knicks on his interview tour. But there's been a strong belief over the past few days that the 30-year-old is likely to choose between New York and Los Angeles, both cities in which his family is very comfortable.
Anthony's hope of going where James goes, meanwhile, would appear to depend on Chris Bosh's pending decision.
Bosh is seriously considering the Houston Rockets' maximum contract offer of four years, $88 million that ESPN's Chris Broussard reported earlier this week.
If Bosh was to decide to leave the Heat for Houston, Miami could try to sign Anthony to replace him, though the salary-cap gymnastics involved to make room for Anthony in addition to the free agents they've already committed to -- Josh McRoberts and Danny Granger -- would not be easy for the Heat.
Darksiders 2 – The Harbinger Tree, Overview
Overview
This Tree focuses on Death's raw ability to deal damage with his various combat abilities. It focuses on his Teleport Slash, Harvest and the Unstoppable ability. These moves Death becoming an unstoppable avatar of destruction. Each ability can be upgraded 3 times.
Teleport Slash
All these skills focus on upgrading the attack “Teleport Slash”. It gives Death a quick way to close ground and deliver a sweeping attack to hit multiple targets quickly. By default Death will heal some with each use of this skill. It can be focused for damage but it is very easy to also have it draw out both Health and Wrath for Death. Set up properly it becomes very easy to pull both elements from your attack and level the enemies like grain beneath your scythe.
Harvest
Harvest is the anti-group ability in this tree. It focuses on Death being able to inflict a lot of damage quickly across a wider area than Teleport Slash. It in its final ability lets you draw Wrath from each enemy hit. As it offers great power across the board here it is something to consider.
Unstoppable
Unstoppable has Death reveal his true strength or just ramp it up to 11 for a while. If you are one for really getting into the fray and splattering every surface with gallons of blood: you want this. It will help also to just make Death a bit tougher. It is also one of the few cases where it is possible for Death to start easily get in multiple hits in a single strike. It is also one of the few cases to increase both Critical Hit Chance and Critical Hit Damage. Depending on your build, that could be a big thing. Still, it is Death wading into combat and slicing foes clean through to the bone.
Level 20 Skill
Reaper Storm: Death becomes a tornado of destruction, laying waste to all those by him.
Cost: 400 Wrath.
Prerequisites – lvl. 20
Level 1: Duration: 4 seconds, Damage Per Second: 400, Blasts Damage: 1204
Level 2: Duration: 6 seconds, Damage Per Second: 600, Blasts Damage: 1606
Level 3: Duration: 8 seconds, Damage Per Second: 800, Blasts Damage: 2008
Comment posting has been disabled on this article
Ontario's New Democrats have blocked an attempt by the Liberal government to table back-to-work legislation today to end a nearly five-week strike by college faculty.
Premier Kathleen Wynne says unanimous support of the legislation would have meant students could return to class on Monday morning.
But the NDP blocked a government attempt to table the bill after the normally scheduled time period for introducing legislation this evening.
The Liberals will now ask the Speaker to reconvene the legislature Friday, when it normally does not sit, so the legislation can be introduced.
Ontario NDP Leader Andrea Horwath issued the following statement.
“I will not support back to work legislation. I want students back in classrooms Monday, and I want that achieved through a deal.
It looks like Kathleen Wynne wanted to use anti-worker back-to-work legislation all along. She spent barely an hour at the table today, after doing nothing for five long weeks.
The reason we're in this mess to begin with is because Premier Wynne and her Liberal government have failed to properly fund post-secondary education for years, putting Ontario last in Canada when it comes to per-student funding.
The premier has the ability to call the legislature back, and the NDP is prepared to sit through the weekend to debate this move.
College students across the province missed out on five weeks of class, have been put under financial strain, and have had to put their lives plans on hold because Kathleen Wynne refused to lift a finger to help bring the parties back to the negotiating table. Now that this has become a political problem for the Liberal party, she is ramming through reckless back-to-work legislation.
New Democrats will not support any legislation that takes away the rights of any workers in this province. Kathleen Wynne is failing both college students and their instructors with her actions today. This does not solve the problem she created.”
VANCOUVER (NEWS1130) – Do we need more separated bike lanes?
A cyclist was killed on the Stanley Park Causeway last night. Vancouver Police say the woman riding on the sidewalk fell into traffic on the causeway and was struck by a West Vancouver Transit bus.
Erin O'Melinn with HUB Your Cycling Connection says the area is very dangerous due to a lack of bike lanes. “It [the crash] makes us look at that causeway and we can see that cyclists are forced to share a sidewalk with pedestrians, which is not best practice. It's never recommended to do that…You do need to have designated bike facilities there, which at that section because of traffic so fast moving, you would want some separation from the motor vehicles.”
She says the tragedy is an example of why changes should be a priority. “It's sad for us to hear about a situation like this. It really emphasizes the need to provide better facilities. Of course, we want to see improvements; they're very important.”
Although the route falls under provincial jurisdiction, she's hoping the city will help advocate for a safer Stanley Park Causeway. “I think the city has a role in advocating for that because it is a major connector to the city. They should be pressing the province to make that very important public investment.”
Vancouver Councillor Heather Deal can't comment on the stretch of road governed by Victoria but says the city is doing what it can to make its roads safer.
“We're constantly monitoring but we have a lot more to do in the city. We need more separated lanes in more parts of the city but we also just need to make sure that we're clearly identifying where cyclists can feel safe… Our experience here in the city is that the safer people feel, the more people will ride and that no tragedy is ever something that we shouldn't learn from.”
She points to the Point Grey area bike lane proposal as an example of the work being done. The last round of consultation on the project happens tomorrow night in Kitsilano.
News1130 has contacted the Ministry of Transportation for comment on the safety of the Stanley Park Causeway and is waiting for a response.
Bike to Work Week kicks off tomorrow in communities all over the province with thousands of people expecting to take part.
ISLAMABAD: The age-old saying: ‘Where there is will, there is a way', has been proved true on World Teachers Day (held annually on October 5) by the staffers of Government Boys Primary School, Dhoke Roshan Din Rawalpindi, who have constructed a new building by raising a donation of Rs 6 million.
Per details, the Government Boys Primary School had been operating from a mosque since 1980 after it was deprived of its own building which disturbed educational activities on a constant basis.
Talking to Pakistan Today, Government Boys Primary School Principal Khalida Shaheen said that the strength of students enrolled in the school witnessed a considerable increase over the years which irked the mosque administration to the extent that they asked us to shift the school from the mosque premises.
It is pertinent to mention here that Khalida Shaheen had been notified for conferment of ‘Star Education Leaders' award on the eve of World Teachers Day for promoting the noble cause of education in the country.
The headmistress said that it was a very painful moment for them to be asked by the mosque administration to move the school to another location, as the move would have put a question mark on the future of hundreds of brilliant students who belonged to poor families. Hence, we decided to launch a campaign for the construction of a separate school building which became a reality with the help and support of the public, she added.
Elaborating further on the incident, the headmistress said, “Nothing is impossible in the world, but one must have to do everything with sincerity and good intention.” Though, it was a daunting task, I took the initiative from my own homes by taking a donation of Rs 1.5 million for the school building from my father-in-law, she added.
The headmistress told this scribe that the land that was bought for the purpose was worth Rs 4 million, but the owner namely Khalid Butt, donated the remaining land for the school free of cost. School teachers also donated their salaries generously to ensure that the new building was completed at the earliest. “We succeeded in completing the five-room school along with a principle office with a cost of Rs 2 million, but the total cost of the school amounted to Rs 6 million,” she added.
The new school building was inaugurated by Lahore School Education Department secretary on September 9, 2017. The headmistress said that the secretary was immensely pleased with the untiring efforts of the school staff and termed their services to providing quality education as commendable.
Currently, six teachers are dutifully teaching a total of 171 students, but the uneven teacher-to-student ratio failed to dampen the spirits of the staff. Rather, the unavailability of electricity in the new school building had been a cause of concern for the principal, students and staff.
“I request the authorities concerned to look into this matter at the earliest in order to ensure that electricity is supplied to the school building, which will help the students gain knowledge in a cordial environment,” the headmistress concluded.
TOP OF THE SEVENTH: ORIOLES 5 9 – 4 RED SOX
The Pesky Pole. 302 feet from home. Baseball's version of a glitch in the matrix, a secret hidden room behind a bookcase, a barely legal offshore tax loophole and the locale of the cheekiest collection of major-league home runs—each one like a three-point bankshot without calling ‘glass'.
Given what happened tonight, some strange magic must be afoot at Fenway Park, with a lightning you hardly see touch down even once striking twice tonight, off the bat of J.J. Hardy and into the hands of the same group of dumbfounded fans thinking, at least by the second time, Did dis dude just did this?
I took a tour of Fenway once, the raggedy old pole being lauded as one of the historic highlights, up there with the Ted Williams seat in right, the Green Monster, the carefully planted Kentucky Bluegrass in the outfield—the type of thing that today's new parks would sweep under the rug like an embarrassing blemish, but just the kind of detail that makes baseball all kinds of special, all kinds of unpredictable, all kinds of unlucky if you're a Boston fan tonight watching your team fading just enough in the early season standings to be concerned.
And the Orioles, with a power-heavy lineup rivaled only (if at all) by the Cubs and Blue Jays, looking to become 7-0 and stay standing as the last of the unbeaten teams, a quick sprint to the front of a pack they were never predicted to break away from. (pre-season predictions from CBSSports.com)
So they come into the 7th with a 5-4 lead, sitting pretty but not quite comfortably, with the heart of their order due up.
Manny Machado, youngest and brightest star of the Orioles roster, steps in against Noe Ramirez, a mismatch the equivalent of Stephen Curry being guarded by some always-two-steps-behind lumbering center.
Machado Machadoes a flare single to center, prompting an immediate mound visit from manager John Farrell, hustling out from the dugout with a signal down to the bullpen: Send help!!
In comes Robbie Ross, assigned the tough test of Chris Davis, part of the long list of 2016 Orioles who've recently competed in the MLB Home-Run Derby, which must be the most all-time, with five: Davis, Machado, Trumbo, Jones and Alvarez.
Robbie Ross delivers to Davis, nervously but with no other choice than to let it fly. The Sox meanwhile put on a huge pull shift, bringing the third-baseman over between first and second.
Davis takes a big-boy cut and whiffs badly, then fouls one off high, up over the grandstand roof.
With the next pitch he takes an even bigger, longer hack on a low, trailing fastball and he's struck out, stalking back to the dugout with a swallowed-pride look like he's just lost a fight.
Mark Trumbo comes up now, still buzzing from the feel of his home run in the 6th that gave Baltimore the lead, a huge two-run blast that cleared everything, the field, the green monster, its billboards, bouncing on top of the tallest and cascading beyond to settle somewhere on Lansdowne Street.
With obvious confidence Trumbo now lines a sure-thing frozen rope into the left-field corner, rolling sharply up against the green mechanical scoreboard, this is the fourth time on base for him tonight.
Now rolling through the lineup, Matt Wieters comes up–long-time Oriole and catalyst for the team's early season success, with a walk-off hit on opening night that started off the win streak.
Base-hit line drive up the middle for Wieters, driving in both Machado and Trumbo to shoot the lead up to 7-4.
Pedro Alvarez steps up now, hitting a weak dribbler to second, Dustin Pedroia tossing across his body for the first-half of a double-play, with the throw the first just late as Alvarez, somehow some way, beats it out.
So now, finally… we're back where we started, back to the “spooky”, back to the man whose Pesky-Pole-spooning home run earlier in the game has the Boston faithful peeved all evening, up now with the stakes lower, a run no longer really needed, yet with the same odds-defying magnetic charge in his bat just waiting to slap another practical-joke-esque ball down the right-field line and into the scorecard.
A nearly-wild pitch from Ross bounces in front of the plate, blocked by Blake Swihart. Ross reading the signs now from Swihart, Alvarez still on first. The American flag blowing strong way up above centerfield, beneath the giant John Hancock electric sign, the red white and blue banners draped over the padded green walls along the backstop.
J.J. Hardy fouls off a few pitches, steps out of the box and back in, then readies for the next offering from Ross. Nothing to lose here, with the lead secured and a healthy tally of three RBIs on his line for the night.
Hardy swings. Popped up in the air to right. But it's drifting. Drifting. Again? The Pesky Pole maneuver again? Keeps drifting.
Right-fielder Mookie Betts runs over to the wall expecting a sure catch, and there it is, he's done it: Hardy snaps out of a casual, routine mid-run to first he watches the ball land in the stands barely 300 feet from home, now trotting between first and second with a grin on his face like he just got away with a crime he'd never even meant to commit, a complete accident, a standard fly ball, a—and this is official—Home Run (…wow) that's delivered an huge lead back to the Orioles—the 7-0 team record very very close on the horizon.
J.J. Hardy's second HR was calculated at 339 feet. He has the two shortest home runs this season, both today. pic.twitter.com/zf05Nilj6l — ESPN Stats & Info (@ESPNStatsInfo) April 13, 2016
And so the house magician of the hour rounds third and jogs home, sauntering into the dugout to a festival of happy grins, with life at an all-time April high for the Oriole fanbase.
The inning ends with the next batter, as Jonathan Schoop grounds out weakly back to Ross, the Orioles heading back out to the field with a completely new feel to the scoreboard as it switches into the bottom of the 7th, and a new frontrunner zooms ahead past the jammed-up jumble of AL East traffic.
Video
Follow @big_inning
Previously:
8th Inning: CHC vs. CIN
8th Inning: SFG vs. LAD
2nd Inning: NYY vs. HOU
11th Inning: PIT vs. STL
3rd Inning: ARI vs. COL
6th Inning: KCR vs. NYM
Since the patch test will be really soon (tomorrow?), here's the ASAP magazine, for now in Russian
Inside:
- new gun sounds, added sound of shell extraction after shot, added new turret turning sound
- Hellcat and Jackson will have new movement sounds
- the sounds are of real vehicles, recorded in museums
- new medals for arty and for team battles
- camo after shot nerf for TD's (Storm explains that they were OP)
- buff for LT tier spread (top battletier removed), LT's 4-8 inc. premium ones (Type 64)
- MT-25 and VK2801 get mobility buffs
- no big performance optimizations, a lot of smaller ones though
- new map “Kharkov”, 5 new maps got balance changes
- two new historical battles: Blockade of Tobruk (1941) and Bryansk Front (Summer 1942)
- of currently available historical battles, only Balaton will be removed (or left alone, it's hard to understand Storm)
- Stronkhold mode will not come in 9.1
- special video on Stronkhold mode will come (unless he refers to the previous Stronkhold preview video)
MTV is casting for a new project. They want young people who are about to lose their virginity to come and film the before and the results! Really???
Read:Reality TV Inspires Nation's Top Baby Names
Here is the advertisement:
DO YOU WANT TO TAKE THINGS TO THE NEXT LEVEL? LIKE, ARE YOU READY TO HAND OVER YOUR V CARD? OR DO YOU HAVE A FRIEND WHO IS READY TO LOSE IT? Young adulthood is a time for exploration. New relationships, fresh experiences and sexual firsts… Now MTV is looking to frankly capture that journey in a new series called My First…We're looking for adults who are ready to go all the way. Let MTV come along on your journey… as you try to lose your virginity! (Note: We will be filming whether or not you accomplish this goal… but NOT the act itself. Duh.) If you are 18 years or older and are willing to candidly allow MTV to accompany you on the journey toward “losing it,” please send us an email.
Read:Whitney Houston's Family & Bobbi Kristina Signs Reality Deal With Lifetime!
Okay what do you think?
Share this on facebook by liking it and tell us what you think? Is this over the line?
Thanks BCCN for alerting us.
Make sure to check out our gallery of inspiring adults.
In the spirit of we can do better, check out our “You Do Better Playlist”.
BNP, Commerzbank, HSBC, SocGen, Natixis, BNP, CA, AXA, ING and Rabobank all identified as banks with massive Greek repo exposure. The next question: will writedowns on these now illiquid and, as the Greek bond market is effectively shut down for a second day running, untradeable positions be taken, or will Europe follow the US in pretending tens of billions in valuation gaps will be filled by Hopium? Also, as bankingnews.gr reports, and as we first highlighted, a variety of French re/insurers are about to get whacked.
From Bankingnews.gr
At the time of accepting the Greek toxic bonds repo agreements some banks such as Commerzbank and HSBC had entered into repo with Greek banks from 1.5 to 2 billion each.
These banks have sought various ways to get rid of the Greek bonds, but the repo does not break easily.
From foreign banks big exposure to toxic Greek bonds - say toxic as these CDS spread and toxic only be described - are BNP Paribas 5 billion multi-repo in Greek banks.
The Commerzbank 3.1 billion in repo to a large Greek bank.
The HSBC 2 billion in bonds through repo Greek by a Greek major bank.
The Société Générale 3 billion
The Natixis to 830 million.
The BNP Paribas said it would retain the Greek bonds over the next 2-3 years (5 billion) and borrowings of Greek (3 billion euros)
The Credit Agricole 500 mn euros Zurich Finance 400 mn dollars, AXA 500 mn euros.
The French banks and insurance companies have the greatest exposure to toxic Greek bonds.
Positive support of the Greek debt and Dutch banks hold funds with 12 billion. The Greek bond ING holds 3 billion and Rabobank 300 million.
Finding a place for your car on campus may seem difficult, especially with parking lots in the Business Loop and next to the Sutton Building closed to construction. And more spots are about to close for construction of the new Lassonde Studios.
However, there are spaces available — you just need to know where to look. According to Commuter Services, 600-800 spots sit empty on the typical weekday morning (the busiest part of the day). The most vacant of the lots are on Guardsman Way and east of the Merrill Engineering Building.
For some, these underutilized lots may be a bit of a walk to class, but campus is home to the most beautiful vistas in the country, so enjoy the view. And rest assured, more parking is in the works. After the construction, the Business Loop and Sutton Building garages will house an additional 780 parking spots. And, there's an extra perk: the roof of the Business Loop lot will be a playing field with fabulous views of the Wasatch.
But those extra spaces won't be ready until 2015. So in the meantime, eliminate the stress of circling around and stalking out parking spots. And eradicate headaches caused by the bumper-to-bumper commute to campus. Take public transit. Not only will you avoid the trauma of parking, but you'll be saving money and doing planet Earth a favor.
Save Money
Aside from UTA being free for all students, staff and faculty with their UCard, you'll also be saving the 59 cents per mile that AAA estimates it costs to drive. And, we don't need to mention the cost of parking permits, right?
Go Green
Public transportation is a great way to help improve air quality along the Wasatch Front. In fact, UTA helps keep more than 2,000 tons of harmful pollutants out of the atmosphere each year. Become part of Utah's clean air solution by leaving your car at home and opting for UTA trains and buses as well as other green modes of transit, like bikes and walking.
For those who have already purchased a parking pass, it's never too late to turn it in for a refund. Just contact Commuter Services for the details.
Resources to Make Commuting on Campus Easier
Campus Shuttle Tracker: Don't wait 20 minutes for a shuttle — find real-time information directly on your phone.
Route U: Campus is huge, so, when walking, make your path the most efficient and avoid construction detours with the Route U Web resource.
UTA Bus Route Finder: This webpage has links to all of UTA's bus routes in Salt Lake County and includes a map (seen below) of buses that come to campus.
Parking Permit Map: Parking lot designations can change by the day, so if are a pass holder and you choose to drive to campus, refer to this map to be sure the E lot has not become an A lot only.
So, while parking is a moving target this year, please be patient—it'll become more stable. But even then, utilizing alternative modes of transportation to campus—whether that be public transit, bicycling or walking—may save you money, time and stress.
Hoffenheim 2-2 Borussia Dortmund
(Uth 3, Wagner 20 - Götze 11, Aubameyang 48)
After a performance like this, Borussia Dortmund should really consider writing a release clause into Ousmane Dembele's contract.
The French sensation, still only 19, produced arguably his best performance since joining the Bundesliga club from Rennes in the summer, and the strongest evidence yet that he is one of the world's most exciting talents in the making.
He chipped in with two assists – one for Mario Götze to score his first Bundesliga goal since rejoining Dortmund – and another for Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang with a perfectly weighted pass that allowed the striker to caress the ball over Baumann.
It wasn't just those key contributions that set him apart under the lights on a cold night at the Rhein-Neckar-Arena. His mesmeric runs and positivity is key to Thomas Tuchel's attacking philosophy, and there were times when Hoffenheim were reticent to tackle him. It was a genuine shame to see Dembele stretchered off in the second half with an injury that Dortmund will be desperately hoping is less serious than it looked.
Dembele needed to step up, with Marco Reus sent off late in the first half for two bookable offences, in what was just his fourth Bundesliga appearance of the season. Reus' perplexing moment of madness will be of concern to Tuchel, who regards him as one of his wise heads – fortunately for the coach, Dembele bailed them out with a majestic display on a night when defeat would have been hugely damaging to Dortmund's hopes of staying in touch with the leaders.
But Hoffenheim started much the stronger and raised the roof inside three minutes when Dortmund keeper Roman Weidenfeller found himself in no man's land and Mark Uth calmly rolled the ball into the empty net.
Hoffenheim's lead lasted only eight minutes when Dembele found Götze who finally scored his first Bundesliga goal since returning to Dortmund, slotting in from just inside the box.
Dortmund were on top at this point but couldn't build on it as Hoffenheim re-established their lead through Sandro Wagner, whose quick reactions allowed him to flick the ball in with his head from close range.
But Dortmund, led by Dembele, came out strongly at the start of the second half and the Frenchman slotted the ball through for Aubamayeng, whose finish to make it 2-2 was of the highest quality.
While a victory is what Tuchel's men really craved to move back into the rear view mirror of Bayern Munich and RB Leipzig, a draw against a Hoffenheim side that are still unbeaten this season is far from a bad result.
Yesterday Marvel Comics released the first teaser image for All New, All Different Marvel, the post- Secret Wars relaunch for the Marvel Universe. Editor-in-chief Axel Alonso and senior VP of sales and marketing David Gabriel hit the media to publicize it, Alonso telling USA Today that the new lineup of characters and creators will show “diversity in terms of gender and ethnicity.” The image itself highlights a lot of the company's recent efforts in diversity, with characters like Ultimate Spider-Man Miles Morales, Ms. Marvel, Captain America Sam Wilson, and Spider-Gwen getting visible spotlights. The image also included an unexpected appearance by the Native American superhero Red Wolf.
Red Wolf seems to fit one of All New, All Different Marvel's goals of bringing back “forgotten” characters. 'Red Wolf' is a title given to a series of four characters, usually Cheyenne, with mystical wolf powers from the god Owayodata and a wolf companion named Lobo, none of whom have ever been particularly important. You may remember them from being the Rawhide Kid's sidekick, or from a quick appearance in the recent Scarlet Spider series you didn't read. On face value, rejuvenating Red Wolf is a fantastic idea, an opportunity to do something that I stated the need for the last time I talked about indigenous superheroes : increase the presence of North America's first peoples in the medium.
If the first thing I'd learned about this news was, “Marvel's bringing back Red Wolf in an important way,” I'd have been thrilled. That's exactly what I want. There's a problem, though: that's not how I first learned about it. I saw the promo image first. And in the promo image, Red Wolf is dressed like the most problematic stereotype you have ever seen of an aboriginal person. He's holding a bow and arrow. He's wearing buckskin breeches. He's wearing a loincloth on top of the buckskin breeches. He has a bone necklace and a warpaint. He's not wearing a shirt. The only thing missing from the Injun Stereotype Bingo Card is a feather in his hair. It's hard to make this more suspect-looking.
Doc Shaner. Click for full size
This isn't the only time we've seen Red Wolf recently. When the Secret Wars tie-in Secret Wars: 1872 was announced, amidst all the images of 19 th century Steve Rogers and Tony Stark in dapper suits, was an image, on then-series artist Doc Shaner's Tumblr and a tweet by Alonso, of Red Wolf more or less as he appears on the New, All Different Marvel teaser image. Oh, and there's a feather in his hair in these pictures, so… uh… bingo, I guess.
The representation was iffy enough in the context of 1872 . It's easy to defend the antiquated dress by saying, hey, it's the 19 th century, so olde-tyme-y dress is appropriate . There are a couple of problems with that.
First, it takes the dangerous position that in the late 19th century, aboriginal people pretty much only dressed in breeches, loincloths and a startling lack of upper body wear. Of course, this isn't true; not only did aboriginal people wear a wide variety of clothes, including, yes, shirts and coats (I'd like to see present-day Red Wolf William Talltrees brave his home Montana winters without it), but since contact with European settlers, many aboriginal people had begun dressing in European-style dress, a number that only increased as the two (to oversimplify it) groups co-existed, intermingled, and came together to form the distinct aboriginal people, the Métis.
By 1872, in fact, the Métis had led an uprising in their native Canada, resulting in the creation of the province of Manitoba. A year after Marvel's series, in 1873, Métis leader Louis Riel was elected to Canada's Parliament. Some of the most significant political actions of a people and a nation occurred in this time, all while wearing shirts. So Red Wolf's 1872 dress is potentially anachronistic, even by the standards of history.
Doc Shaner
Red Wolf's 1872 dress is even more troubling when compared to the other stars of the book itself. Bruce, Steve and the other characters get to wear suits and, a few small period details aside, don't look that far removed from the present day. They look, for lack of a better term, civilized. Compared to that, having the aboriginal character dressed in warpaint and a loincloth sends one key message: he's “savage.”
That word has consistently plagued aboriginal people for centuries, and been used to justify any number of crimes and cruelties against us. It's patently obvious Marvel isn't trying to invoke that, but they are invoking it.
If that dress is problematic in the setting of 1872 , imagine how bad it looks in a modern-day Marvel universe. If a lot of aboriginal people didn't dress like that in the late nineteenth century, it's safe to say that we don't now , either. We're a modern people. And standing in the same field as Captain America, Iron Man, Spider-Man, Ms. Marvel and the other characters, one thing Red Wolf certainly doesn't look is modern. He looks out of place, and he makes me feel out of place.
David Marquez
So why does this imagery persist, even when it's clearly inappropriate, even when one would think that a moment of sober second thought would advise against its use?
American-Canadian aboriginal author and scholar Thomas King makes an argument about that in his award-winning 2012 nonfiction book The Inconvenient Indian: A Curious Account of Native People in North America . In the book, King talks about three broad distinctions of aboriginal people: Legal Indians (those who have legal status and the right to a formal relationship with the government), Live Indians (aboriginal people as we are now, in all our complexities and multitudes) and Dead Indians.
Now, the term Dead Indian doesn't only invoke all the actually, physically not-living-anymore aboriginal people. King uses it to mean the image of aboriginal people as we were, and as we are usually remembered: feathers, warpaint, buckskin and all. Dead Indians, King argues, are easier than Live Indians. They don't change. There's a convenient iconography. It's a fantastic symbol --- if you ignore the part where it reinforces ideas of “civilized” and “savage,” and interferes with efforts to view aboriginal people as we actually exist in society now. Dead Indians, King argues, are just plain easier , which is why they persist long after it ever being appropriate. They're clipart.
Red Wolf looks even more out of place on that promo image when you compare him to who he's standing next to. Sam Wilson is Captain America, full stop. Miles and Gwen are their spider-personas. Thor is simply Thor. Immediately to the left of Red Wolf is Ms Marvel, the poster child for the modern, diverse Marvel Comics. She looks strong and powerful, and while her costume is a nod to her Muslim American upbringing, it's definitely from a modern context. You can look at Kamala and see how her background is reflected in her costume, but it's not the primary visual identifier. She looks like a superhero . More importantly, she looks like someone I could meet. Red Wolf looks like a Dead Indian.
Of course, this is just a promotional image. We don't know how Red Wolf will be included in All New, All Different Marvel or, for that matter, how he'll be included in Secret Wars: 1872 . We don't know what books he'll be in, who the creative team will be, or who he will be.
My point is, this could end up being something smart and progressive, potentially even from an aboriginal creator. This could be exactly what I asked for.
But it doesn't look like it. This is just a promotional image, but it's the image that Marvel decided to sell their diversity with. It's the image they decided to present of an aboriginal person in 2015. It's an Injun .
Axel Alonso is right, that image of Red Wolf “resembles the Marvel Universe that 60 years of readers have come to love.” The problem is, that's not necessarily a good thing.
DOWNLOADS:
ABOUT:
The HD Concert Experience is the full 2009 blink-182 reunion tour, built up entirely of HD videos taken from YouTube, and the best audio source out there, all edited together into one incredible video experience.
The project started work right after the 2009 blink-182 reunion tour. With the sheer amount of people putting up HD videos on YouTube of the show, we slowly were able to start building the full concert together. Work was on again off over the past two years as more resources became available for the project until we finally had edited together the whole concert.
It was extremely important to us to make sure and get permission from everyone we used footage from. There were however a few people we never heard back from because their YouTube account either no longer exists, or they just never bothered to reply to us over the course of a year and a half. With these situations we used footage under YouTube's terms of service stating that unless permission is denied beforehand, or there is legal documentation of ownership, we have free rights to use it as we wish. That being said, we still fully credited those users and thank them for filming and uploading their footage.
FAQ:
Sib Hashian, a former member of the rock group Boston, has died after collapsing onstage, the drummer's family said Thursday.Hashian's wife, Suzanne, said the 67-year-old drummer collapsed Wednesday night while performing during the Legends of Rock Cruise."It is with deep and profound sadness I share the news of my husband's, John 'Sib' Hashian, the drummer formerly of the band Boston, sudden death," said Suzanne Hashian, his wife of 38 years.Hashian played on Boston's first two hit records, including their self-titled debut album in 1976 featuring the hit song "More Than a Feeling," and their second album, "Don't Look Back."Hashian, who called Lynnfield home, owned a record shop and a string of tanning salons in Boston.Suzanne Hashian said arrangements will be announced at a later date.
Sib Hashian, a former member of the rock group Boston, has died after collapsing onstage, the drummer's family said Thursday.
Hashian's wife, Suzanne, said the 67-year-old drummer collapsed Wednesday night while performing during the Legends of Rock Cruise.
Advertisement
"It is with deep and profound sadness I share the news of my husband's, John 'Sib' Hashian, the drummer formerly of the band Boston, sudden death," said Suzanne Hashian, his wife of 38 years.
Hashian played on Boston's first two hit records, including their self-titled debut album in 1976 featuring the hit song "More Than a Feeling," and their second album, "Don't Look Back."
Hashian, who called Lynnfield home, owned a record shop and a string of tanning salons in Boston.
Suzanne Hashian said arrangements will be announced at a later date.
AlertMe
FW: New Rapid Response Process
From:David@db-research.com To: john.podesta@gmail.com Date: 2015-04-16 18:31 Subject: FW: New Rapid Response Process
Totally agree. even tho there have been a flood of emails, the level of communication on everything that has been going on has been outstanding, and definitely helps me consider what to run by average voters as they may be exposed to the press items. So agree that a daily summary would be great. I am pleased not to fly speck outgoing statements, but the one advantage of getting 1000 HrcRR emails is that it's a window into what's on the minds of our pesky reporter friends. Maybe with the new system someone can do a summary 2-3 times a day so we know what the incoming looks like. JP --Sent from my iPad-- john.podesta@gmail.com<mailto:john.podesta@gmail.com> For scheduling: eryn.sepp@gmail.com<mailto:eryn.sepp@gmail.com> On Apr 16, 2015, at 10:35 AM, Kristina Schake <kschake@hillaryclinton.com<mailto:kschake@hillaryclinton.com>> wrote: Now that we've gotten through our initial launch and are working through the process of getting the campaign up and running, we will be streamlining the rapid response process so as not to inundate you with every small request and edit around press responses. Moving forward, we will be managing responses internally and coming to the bigger group only when there's a need for messaging, policy or political guidance. Hopefully this will spare you some of the back and forth as we gather research and responses and deal with logistical questions. Thanks for your patience and your input over the last few days, Kristina -- You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "HRCRapid" group. To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an email to hrcrapid+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com<mailto:hrcrapid+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com>. To post to this group, send email to hrcrapid@googlegroups.com<mailto:hrcrapid@googlegroups.com>. For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout. -- You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "HRCRapid" group. To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an email to hrcrapid+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com<mailto:hrcrapid+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com>. To post to this group, send email to hrcrapid@googlegroups.com<mailto:hrcrapid@googlegroups.com>. For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.
THE identities of the two prosecutors who allegedly bungled bail applications involving gunman Man Monis will remain secret because of fears for their mental health, safety and “significant negative impact” on them.
As The Daily Telegraph and other media organisations today lost an application to lift a suppression order over their identities, the barrister representing the Director of Public Prosecutions said naming one of them could lead to a loss in public confidence in the western
Sydney office where he is based.
The inquest was told that the two lawyers were suffering “stress and anxiety” and could suffer harm to their reputations if identified.
Meanwhile the police officers involved in the cases have been named and three have so far given evidence.
One of the prosecutors is a senior lawyer and a mentor in a western Sydney office of the DPP where the administration of justice demanded that the public, witnesses, victims of crime and other stakeholders should have confidence in the office, counsel for the DPP David
Buchanan SC said today.
The application to overturn the secrecy order was made by counsel Dauid Sibtain SC on behalf of The Daily Telegraph, Channels 9 and 7, the ABC and Fairfax.
KILLER THOUGHT VICTIM HAD BURIED WOMAN UNDER HOUSE
‘IF IT'S NOT OKAY, GO F***ING EAT SOMEWHERE ELSE'
State Coroner Michael Barnes ordered that the names remain suppressed “in the public interest” until he hands down his findings at the end of the inquest into the deaths of hostages, barrister Katrina Dawson and cafe manager Tori Johnson, in the siege in December last year.
The coroner said that one of the magistrates who released Monis on bail in the year before the siege had already received death threats.
One of the lawyers, who has already given evidence, appeared for the prosecution when Monis was granted bail at Penrith Local Court in December 2013 over charges of being an accessory to the murder of his wife.
media_camera Man Haron Monis was facing a fresh 37 sexual assault charges two months before the siege.
The other, who was doing his first bail application, appeared for the prosecution in October last year, two months before the deadly siege, when he did not apply for Monis to be refused bail on a fresh 37 sexual assault charges.
He is expected to be the next witness.
Mr Sibtain told the inquest today that the media were the “eyes and ears” of the public in the inquest and that the expectation that coronial hearings be held in public had been described as of “almost constitutional significance”.
He said that stress and anxiety were a normal part of giving evidence and embarrassment and reputational harm were no foundation for non-publication orders.
“Any interference with open justice is a major step,” Mr Sibtain said.
He said there was no medical evidence that either lawyer had psychiatric or mental health disorders.
Mr Buchanan handed the coroner a catalogue of media articles which he said demonstrated that the lawyers were being “blamed” despite the coroner saying that only Monis was to blame for the siege.
April Francis, who is representing the prosecuting lawyer who did not apply for bail for Monis in October last year, said it could discourage other witnesses from giving evidence if he two lawyers were named.
The inquest in Sydney continues where it is currently examining why Monis was on bail at the time of the siege and whether the siege was a terrorist event.
A few hours after a certain former Florida governor took to Facebook last month to announce he was going to “ actively explore” a presidential run, a political action committee called the Conservative Action Fund blasted out an email to thousands of recipients urging them to “ help us stop Jeb Bush today.”
The email, signed by the PAC's chairman, Shaun McCutcheon, pleaded, “If you are a conservative like me who is tired of the special interest, political elites like Jeb Bush running the GOP, then I need your immediate help to make it clear that American conservatives reject a Jeb Bush candidacy.”
Story Continued Below
Bush could be persuaded to stay out of the race, McCutcheon's email asserted, if “hundreds of thousands of conservative, grassroots activists” signed petitions by Dec. 19 to be “hand-delivered to Jeb Bush in a very public way” that would presumably shame him out of the race. “And after you sign the petition, please make a donation of $5, $15, $25 or more to help us get even more signatures?” the email concluded in underlined bold text embedded with a hyperlink that took readers to a petition landing page that asked for their emails and then their cash.
It was a slick and well-timed campaign, tapping into the angst of grass-roots conservatives who are as unhappy with GOP leaders like Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and Speaker of the House John Boehner as they are with President Barack Obama and congressional Democrats.
And while the PAC's treasurer told POLITICO that the email got an “extremely positive” response in petition signatures and contributions, more than one month later the Conservative Action Fund had yet to deliver any signed petitions to Bush. It did, however, send out a similar email this month urging recipients to sign a petition to “ TELL MITT ROMNEY: SIT 2016 OUT” and then to make a contribution of “at least $17.76 today” to “help keep our efforts funded.”
The efforts bear some of the hallmarks of a phenomenon that watchdogs say is threatening the integrity of the campaign funding system, and that conservative leaders worry could seriously undermine their interests headed into 2016. Since the tea party burst onto the political landscape in 2009, the conservative movement has been plagued by an explosion of PACs that critics say exist mostly to pad the pockets of the consultants who run them. Combining sophisticated targeting techniques with fundraising appeals that resonate deeply among grass-roots activists, they collect large piles of small checks that, taken together, add up to enough money to potentially sway a Senate race. But the PACs plow most of their cash back into payments to consulting firms for additional fundraising efforts.
A POLITICO analysis of reports filed with the Federal Election Commission covering the 2014 cycle found that 33 PACs that court small donors with tea party-oriented email and direct-mail appeals raised $43 million — 74 percent of which came from small donors. The PACs spent only $3 million on ads and contributions to boost the long-shot candidates often touted in the appeals, compared to $39.5 million on operating expenses, including $6 million to firms owned or managed by the operatives who run the PACs. POLITICO's list is not all-inclusive, and some conservatives fret that it's almost impossible to identify all the groups that are out there, let alone to rein them in.
“These groups have the pulse of the crowd, and they recognize that they can make a profit off the angst of the conservative base voters who are looking for outsiders,” said the influential conservative pundit Erick Erickson, who has taken it upon himself to call out PAC operators and fundraisers he sees as scams. They are “completely a drain,” said Erickson, whose assessments of candidates and groups carry particular weight among tea party activists and the Republicans who court them. “The conservative activists feel like they've contributed to a cause greater than themselves, but the money goes to the consultants, and eventually the activists get burned out and stop giving money, including to the legitimate causes.”
In the run-up to the 2014 midterm elections, McConnell and Boehner tried to marginalize out-of-favor PACs, and McConnell's allies last week
launched an unofficially endorsed super PAC to go along with one that Boehner's confidants formed in 2011, partly to stem the flow of cash to competing PACs.
That technique has worked well for Democrats, who have mostly avoided the problem, though they also benefit from the lack of tea party-style insurgency on their side. That could change if the 2016 Democratic presidential primary inflames deep ideological divisions within the party.
But on the right, this industry appears only to be growing, according to conservatives who track it closely.
A couple of days after receiving the anti-Bush email from the Conservative Action Fund, Erickson took to his Red State blog to lament the trend. “It is a terrible blight on the conservative movement and on the tea party in particular that the hucksters have come up to cash in,” he wrote. “From the groups claiming to represent Ben Carson to the groups raising money for Allen West to now a group claiming to raise money to ‘Stop Jeb Bush,' I think more and older conservatives are getting scammed by con men living well off other people's money. I doubt very much that much, if any, of the money is going to support these causes.”
Such efforts could be particularly damaging to Republican chances in 2016. In recent elections, the party's nominees have sometimes struggled to raise the sort of small donations necessary to sustain their campaigns, particularly at the presidential level, where presumptive nominees can face a funding gap in the run-up to the convention after they've tapped all their major donors for the primary but before they're legally allowed to start spending a second round of big checks for the general election.
PACs like those that have drawn Erickson's scorn don't have to slog through a long campaign with repetitive fundraising appeals. They can, and do, quickly change focus to keep pace with the scandal of the moment — from Benghazi to Obamacare to liberal media bias to Islamic extremism. Old PACs associated with stale issues or politicians are shuttered, and new ones created to fill the void.
Among the more consistent themes of the PACs — much to the dismay of the GOP establishment — is the targeting of RINOs (Republicans in Name Only) and the boosting of ideologically pure Republican candidates, including many who stand little chance of winning. A particular focus is on politicians who are military veterans, tea party activists, African-Americans — or all three. Questions about profiteering have swirled around PACs and operatives who have claimed to be supporting African-American conservatives, including former Rep. Allen West, 2012 presidential candidate Herman Cain, fringe 2016 hopeful Ben Carson and two-time unsuccessful House candidate Deborah Honeycutt of Georgia. And a PAC called the Black Republican PAC spent less than 1 percent of the $700,000 it raised in 2014 on contributions to candidates or ads supporting them, according to government filings.
While operating expenses sometimes include travel or salaries for staff involved in get-out-the-vote or other political activities, most of the groups POLITICO examined do very little on-the-ground work, instead spending the majority of their cash on fundraising such as renting and soliciting from direct-mail and email lists. But defenders of the PACs contend that their fundraising efforts perform a valuable service for the conservative movement by mobilizing the grass-roots base, and that it costs money to raise money.
“Direct mail is expensive. Phone campaigns are expensive,” said Dan Backer, who serves as a lawyer, treasurer and strategist for the Conservative Action Fund and 14 other PACs included in POLITICO's analysis. “Email is not as free as people want to pretend like it is. It's really expensive. … And there's a lot of money that goes into making these things legal so — I hate to say it — you pay for lawyers,” he added.
In 2014, Backer's PACs — a roster including Draft Newt (created to coax the former House speaker into the Virginia Senate race), the Tea Party Leadership Fund (which urged Sarah Palin to run for Senate), Stop Hillary (to oppose the former secretary of state's expected presidential campaign) and Stop Pelosi (which the Federal Election Commission called out for using the House Democratic leader's name) — spent more than 87 percent of the $8 million they raised on operating expenses, including $419,000 to Backer's own law firm, DB Capitol Strategies. By contrast, the amount the PACs spent on donations and ads was about $955,000 — or less than 12 percent of their total fundraising haul.
McCutcheon, the Alabama electrical contractor who chairs the Conservative Action Fund and signed the “Stop Jeb Bush” email, said Backer provides a valuable service to PACs. “It's up to donors like me to decide if we want to buy, and, in my case, I did. I wanted to buy a lot,” said McCutcheon, who was among the top donors to Backer-linked PACs during the midterms, giving at least $34,000. “If anybody was getting scammed, it would be me. I'm one of the biggest donors to all of these things out there and will continue to donate,” he said, though he conceded there are unsavory PAC operators. “It's just like in business. Anytime there's money out there, there's going to be some of them that are not legitimate.”
In an interview last month in Backer's office in a third-floor walk-up over an architectural ceramics shop in the Republican consulting hub of Old Town in Alexandria, Virginia, Backer explained that his PACs have to spend more on fundraising because they're mostly new and are trying to build supporter bases from scratch.
But he bristled at efforts by fellow conservatives to cast his efforts as profiteering. “It drives me nuts when people say ‘Oh, scam PAC this, scam PAC that,'” he said. Singling out Erickson in particular, Backer pointed out that the pundit's own email list is routinely rented for fundraising by PACs, including some represented by Backer. (Erickson said he has no control over to whom his email list is rented by the company that owns it, “and it horrifies me that the list sometimes get rented to some of these guys.”)
Backer, a jovial and fast-talking 37-year-old father of two young sons, got into the business in 2009, just as the tea party was gaining traction. He started DB Capitol Strategies in 2010, not long after graduating from George Mason University School of Law, after a three-month stint working for a firm defending people against mortgage foreclosure, some of whom he said “probably knew exactly what they were doing and really deserved to be foreclosed upon.” By contrast, he considers tea party PACs both a viable business proposition and a cause he can get behind.
“These guys need legal help, and they need to be able to afford that legal help — they don't have big money — and so there's not a market big enough there to justify a lot of lawyers practicing in that space,” he said. “So I kind of found a niche that I work to, but also very much is my philosophy.”
When POLITICO presented Backer with a printout listing all 40 committees he'd registered in the past five years, he said “Man, there are a lot of dead PACs on here,” and began crossing off terminated entities, including a super PAC created to draft Fox News analyst Andrew Napolitano for president. It spent more than half the $11,000 it raised during the 2014 cycle on payments to Backer's firm.
“I would love to do a draft presidential committee for all the guys who I think have something serious or good to say,” said Backer, who, unlike more traditional election lawyers, gets involved in his PAC's fundraising and messaging. This month, he's signed Conservative Action Fund fundraising appeals asking for cash — as well as for signatures on petitions to “ Demand NBC Fire Al Sharpton” and to oppose an effort by “ Obama and his goons at the FEC … to strip away your constitutionally protected freedom of political speech online.”
Kawhi Leonard
San Antonio Spurs forward Kawhi Leonard (2) drives to the basket against a Miami Heat defender in the second half of an NBA basketball game, Tuesday, March 31, 2015, in Miami. (AP Photo/Joe Skipper)
(Joe Skipper)
San Antonio Spurs forward Kawhi Leonard apparently doesn't care much about living the lifestyle of a superstar.
Despite signing a five-year, $94 million contract extension last summer, Leonard uses coupons he gets from his sponsorship deal with Wingstop for free chicken wings instead of paying full price, according to Sports Illustrated.
Earlier this season after his new contract had kicked in, Leonard, 24, panicked when he lost a book of coupons and asked Wingstop to give him a new supply, which they did.
Leonard also still drives a 1997 Chevy Tahoe that he's had since high school. In his response to Sports Illustrated on why he still drives the car he nicknamed the Gas Guzzler, ''It runs and it's paid off.''
Leonard is averaging 21.0 points and 6.8 rebounds for the Spurs, who are 57-10 overall and 33-0 at home. San Antonio plays host to Golden State (61-6) on Saturday night in a battle of the league's top two teams at the AT&T Center.
Wednesday's commute was a headache for many Toronto-area drivers as a little snow caused big trouble during the outbound commute.
But driving problems weren't limited to the city's major roads.
This shot taken just before 10 a.m. Thursday shows a group of abandoned cars at the bottom of Humbercrest hill. During Wednesday's snowfall, cars repeatedly tried to climb the icy hill, only to slide back down and collide with other abandoned cars. (Don Pittis/CBC)
CBC reporter Trevor Dunn found a hill in a residential area in the city's west end where drivers kept heading up, then sliding right back down. Even neigbhours pleading with drivers to not attempt a run at the hill on Humbercrest Boulevard and Langmuir Crescent were ignored.
The result was a 20-car pileup of vehicles at the bottom.
Click on the image above to watch Trevor's story about the icy west-end hill that drivers just would not stop trying to climb.
Organisers say the convention will be an intimate family affair featuring Trump relatives in prime speaking slots – but not many senior Republican figures
Flanked by family members and business associates, Donald Trump aims to turn this week's Republican national convention into a reintroduction to the American people, according to a preview of what promises to be an event dominated by his highly unconventional personality.
“This is a Trump convention,” said his campaign manager, Paul Manafort, when asked if there was any room for dissent ahead of his expected confirmation as the party's presidential nominee on Tuesday. “Yes, it is the Republican national convention, but the party is united.
'Donald Trump was part of the problem': Cleveland's subprime lesson for Republicans Read more
“The plan is to help the American people understand more about Donald Trump the man, not just the candidate,” he added during a briefing for reporters on the eve of the four-day RNC event.
Trump's newly announced running mate, Indiana governor Mike Pence, also defended the recent tone of the campaign during their first joint interview, aired on Sunday night.
“I think this is a good man who's been talking about the issues the American people care about,” Pence told CBS, insisting Trump would also listen to the advice of those around him.
“I promise you that when the circumstances arise where I have a difference on policy or on presentation,” added Pence, “I know I would have no hesitation, were I privileged to be vice-president, to walk into the president's office, close the door, and share my heart. And I also know this good man would listen, and has the leadership qualities to draw from the people around him.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Barbara Hauser, of Texas, looks on as she waits to enter a kick-off party on the sidelines of the Republican national convention in Cleveland. Photograph: Aaron Josefczyk/Reuters
As the city of Cleveland braces for one the most elaborate security exercises in modern US history, particularly amid heightened concern over recent police shootings, organisers hope the convention will be an intimate family affair, beginning on Monday night with an introduction from Trump's wife, Melania.
“You're going to have his family speaking,” said Manafort as a schedule revealed Trump relatives in prime slots on each of the four nights of the convention.
“You're going to have friends who have known him speaking. You're going to have people who have worked with him both inside the company and outside of the company. And so you're going to see how he's built his successful empire.”
In response, Democrats issued a spoof speaker schedule with a list of crossed out names to highlight all the senior Republicans – from John McCain to George W Bush – who have said they would not be attending.
Described in official speakers' notes as a “Slovenian born brunette” and an “aqua-eyed beauty” with a “captivating presence in front of the camera”, Melania Trump will cap a security-themed day on Monday entitled “make America safe again”.
Manafort said the theme was well-timed following the murder of police officers in Baton Rouge, but other scheduled speakers suggest at least part of the day will be focused on the 2012 Benghazi attack, which Republicans argue shows Hillary Clinton's weaknesses as a potential commander-in-chief.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Police officers watch a group of activists protesting against Donald Trump in Cleveland. Photograph: Jim Lo Scalzo/EPA
The former New York mayor Rudy Giuliani is also listed as a speaker, although he was not included in a list of “headliners” circulated by the campaign on Sunday night. The highest-profile name on this list is the Iowa senator Joni Ernst, who caught national attention during the 2014 midterm election by joking that her experience castrating pigs would help her in Congress.
Manafort said the campaign was particularly pleased with the state-of-art stage erected by the Republican National Committee for the event, including a 1,700-sq ft TV display with 640 separate panels. “Mr Trump loves the stage. Mrs Trump loves it even more,” said the campaign manager.
Before the speakers, delegates will take part in an afternoon procedural session that theoretically offers the last chance to block Trump's expected nomination the following day.
But the only potential excitement is the chance of a “floor fight” – a contested vote on the floor – over either the platform or the rules of the Republican party. Conflict over the party rules between conservative activists, many of whom are still opposed to Trump, and the GOP establishment had long been expected in Cleveland but a platform fight also brewed up last week over whether to include any language about LGBTQI people in the party platform.
To spur a vote on the floor, dissenters would need to get 28 of the 112 members of the rules committee or the platform committee respectively to sign a minority report. Dissenters on the rules committee were able to muster 31 backers on a vote last week on giving more delegates to states that hold “closed primaries” and those trying to replace the platform with a 1,200 word statement of principles had the support of 37 members of the platform committee. However, many of those 37 have since backed off, claiming that they did not realise that it would replace the entire platform.
A historic look at the Republican national convention – in pictures Read more
To do so, rebels would have to beat a combined RNC-Trump whip operation that has run things with an iron fist so far. On both the platform and rules committees, the Trump campaign was texting delegates, instructing them regarding how to vote on different issues and working with delegates to maximize their procedural effectiveness. As Jordan Ross of Nevada, a delegate on the rules committee, told the Guardian on Thursday, the Trump campaign “has been working very hard” all week in order to ensure everything goes smoothly. When asked if there was anything that had happened that the Trump campaign didn't want, Ross took a long deep pause. After about 15 seconds of silence, he said: “I am trying to think and as I go down the shopping list right now, I think we took home everything we wanted to see.”
Even if the efforts to mount a minority report fall short of the necessary signatures, there still is the potential for some chaos on the convention floor on Tuesday. Both Trump and Pence will be formally nominated then and there are enough diehard “Never Trump” delegates that there is the potential for some sort of demonstration on the floor. However, the seating arrangement for delegates means that opponents of Trump are seated in far corners of the hall.
More disruption is likely outside the arena, where police and even Ohio national guard members are mounting a giant operation to try to keep protests peaceful and prevent any terrorist attacks.
Security inside the the “secure perimeter” around the Quicken Loans Stadium, where the event's main events are scheduled to take place, will be handled by secret service personnel.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Code Pink activists march down Euclid Avenue during a demonstration against the Republican national convention in Cleveland. Photograph: Steve Nesius/Reuters
But around one third of Cleveland's 1,500-strong police division will be assigned to the remaining downtown areas where large protests are expected to take place. More than 2,000 officers from around the US also descending on the city over the weekend to assist the local force.
Cleveland authorities declined to name the supporting agencies, but said they numbered in the hundreds and would all fall under the command of the Cleveland police chief, Calvin Williams.
Politics for humans: a new podcast from Guardian US Read more
Senior Cleveland officers have been assigned zones throughout the city where they will command both local and outside officers.
The city released an exhaustive list of banned items at demonstrations within the 1.7-mile regulated “event zone”, including tennis balls, certain types of umbrellas, water guns and glass bottles. But, under Ohio's open-carry laws, loaded firearms, including long guns, will be allowed at the rallies.
On Sunday, the president of Cleveland's largest police union called on Ohio governor John Kasich to declare a state of emergency and suspend open carry throughout the convention in the wake of the fatal shooting of three police officers in Baton Rouge, Louisiana.
“I don't care what the legal precedent is; I feel strongly that leadership needs to stand up and defend these police officers,” Stephen Loomis told Reuters.
A record one million spectators are expected to be at or near NASA's Kennedy Space Center this week to see the historic last launch of the space shuttle Atlantis.
But for those who can't make the trip to Florida, the upcoming STS-135 mission marks the last time sky-watchers around the world will have the chance to see a shuttle passing above their backyards.
Depending on where you are on Earth, both Atlantis and the International Space Station (ISS) should be visible to the naked eye during the mission, which is scheduled to last for 12 days.
When skies are clear, Earthbound viewers generally see both the shuttle and the ISS as fast-moving "stars." The spacecraft are easy to spot, because they're among the brightest objects in the night sky.
Even while Earth is cast in shadow, the orbiting objects are being hit by direct sunlight, which reflects off their shiny, metallic surfaces.
Still, knowing exactly when and where to look is crucial: The spacecraft are moving at about five miles (eight kilometers) a second, and they'll cross the sky in just a few minutes.
"They move very fast, so a telescope would not be the recommended way to observe for novice sky-gazers," said Raminder Singh Samra, an astronomer at the H.R. MacMillan Space Centre in Vancouver, Canada.
"Binoculars will allow you to scan the sky fairly quickly and at low enough magnification to provide a steady image."
Shuttle Launch Time Will Affect Views
Anyone wanting to catch the shuttle in flight will need up-to-the-minute viewing timetables, said Anthony Cook, an astronomical observer for Griffith Observatory in Los Angeles, California.
"Because the shuttle and ISS orbits are sometimes changed"—to move them out of the path of orbiting space junk, for example—"the timing and visibility become a little uncertain when projected more than a week into the future," Cook said.
"So anyone hoping to see or photograph the shuttle, the ISS, or a particular event happening to them will need to pay attention to several sources of information."
Websites such as Heavens-Above and spaceweather.com, for instance, can be used to create custom timetables for up to a week in advance.
Current predictions based on a July 8 shuttle launch indicate that observers in the Southern Hemisphere will have the best viewing opportunities. But if there are launch delays, the ideal viewing locations will change.
Spy a Cosmic Chase
Time your shuttle viewing just right and it's even possible to observe special in-flight events.
One of the most exciting sights for sky-watchers is to catch a double flyby of the shuttle and the ISS, H.R. MacMillan's Samra said.
In the hours before docking and after undocking, Atlantis and the space station will have the same flight paths, so they'll appear to be chasing each other.
"On the third day of STS-135, the shuttle will dock with the ISS. If the ISS is visible in an observer's location, it will be possible to catch the shuttle as a moderately bright satellite getting closer to the ISS after each subsequent orbit," Samra said.
Another viewing spectacle is when the shuttle dumps its wastewater after undocking from the station.
When the water hits the low-pressure and low-temperature environment of space, it freezes, but sunlight quickly turns the ice into vapor, Samra said. (See a picture of the shuttle Discovery dumping wastewater during its final flight.)
"This mist has been observed from the ground ... and I would advise the use of a pair of binoculars to enhance the view of the shuttle and any potential wastewater."
The Right Stuff for Shuttle Shots
Any shutterbug wanting to capture a keepsake of the last shuttle flybys will need a digital camera with manual settings and a tripod, said the Griffith Observatory's Cook.
"To photograph the path of the space station and shuttle as a streak, you will need to expose for anywhere from a few seconds to as much as six minutes, depending on how wide your field of view is or how much of the trail you want to get," he said.
More experienced stargazers with telescopes or binoculars may also want to try and take a detailed look at Atlantis and the ISS as they zoom across the sky.
"The ISS can look several times larger than Jupiter and shows an incredible amount of detail," Cook said.
The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives (commonly called the “ATF”) has created a white paper to discuss loosening federal regulations related to firearms. The paper directly addresses hot-button topics such as suppressors, gun show dealers, armor piercing ammunition, assault weapons, and so on. Deregulating suppressors will certainly cause an uproar from the Democratic side of the aisle, but the Bureau's new view of “assault weapons” will be even more polarizing.
By: Justin King
This article first appeared at TheFifthColumn
One of the more interesting concepts in the paper is an apparent admission from ATF that rifles deemed “assault weapons” are, in fact, not. The paper cites a change in consumer habits and notes that designs considered “assault weapons” 20 years ago are, today, part of the normal sporting community's weapon choices. It states that popular weapon designs such as the AK-style and AR-15 are “now standard for hunting activities.”
From the paper:
Since the sunset of the Assault Weapons ban in 2004, the use of AR-15s, AK-style, and similar rifles now commonly referred to as “modern sporting rifles” has increased exponentially in sport shooting. These firearm types are now standard for hunting activities. ATF could re-examine its almost 20-yearold study to bring it up to date with the sport shooting landscape of today, which is vastly different than what it was years ago. Action shooting sports and organizations such as 3 Gun and the United States Practical Shooting Association (USPSA) have also drastically expanded in recent years. Restriction on imports serves questionable public safety interests, as these rifles are already generally legally available for manufacture and ownership in the United States. Low cost foreign made firearms are also still imported and converted into “non-sporting” configurations.
Firearm enthusiasts have long held that the AR-15 is not “high-powered” nor any more dangerous than a standard modern rifle. This is indisputably true. They have also held the belief that AR-15s are more commonly used in mass shootings simply because it's a popular rifle. This is mostly true. The AR-15 is an extremely popular rifle within the United States, however, so is the Ruger 10/22, which is rarely used in mass shootings. It's more than just popularity, but not much more. The loosening of firearm restrictions as described in the paper and the discussion that comes with the attempt to do so will certainly shed a lot of light on the propaganda pushed by both pro- and anti-gun lobbies over the last few decades.
You can read the whole paper here.
This article first appeared at TheFifthColumn
As people spend more and more time in the workplace, it's natural for co-workers to develop close bonds — what's often referred to as a “workplace spouse” or an “office wife.”
But when it comes to pay raises, promotions and other measures of career success, it's the husband or wife at home who may be exerting a bigger influence on workplace performance, suggests new research from Washington University in St. Louis.
“Our study shows that it is not only your own personality that influences the experiences that lead to greater occupational success, but that your spouse's personality matters too,” said Joshua Jackson, PhD, assistant professor of psychology in Arts & Sciences and lead author of the study.
Although we marry “for better for worse, for richer for poorer,” this study is among the first to demonstrate that the personality traits of the spouse we choose may play a role in determining whether our chosen career makes us richer or poorer.
“The experiences responsible for this association are not likely isolated events where the spouse convinces you to ask for a raise or promotion,” Jackson said. “Instead, a spouse's personality influences many daily factors that sum up and accumulate across time to afford one the many actions necessary to receive a promotion or a raise.”
Forthcoming in the journal Psychological Science, the findings are based on a five-year study of nearly 5,000 married people ranging in age from 19 to 89, with both spouses working in about 75 percent of the sample.
Jackson and co-author Brittany Solomon, a graduate student in psychology at Washington University, analyzed data on study participants who took a series of psychological tests to assess their scores on five broad measures of personality — openness, extraversion, agreeableness, neuroticism and conscientiousness.
In an effort to gauge whether these spousal personality traits might be seeping into the workplace, they tracked the on-the-job performance of working spouses using annual surveys designed to measure occupational success — self-reported opinions on job satisfaction, salary increases and the likelihood of being promoted.
Workers who scored the highest on measures of occupational success tended to have a spouse with a personality that scored high for conscientiousness, and this was true whether or not both spouses worked and regardless of whether the working spouse was male or female, the study found.
Jackson and Solomon also tested several theories for how a spouse's personality traits, especially conscientiousness, might influence their partner's performance in the workplace. Their findings suggest that having a conscientious spouse contributes to workplace success in three ways.
First, through a process known as outsourcing, the working spouse may come to rely on his or her partner to handle more of the day-to-day household chores, such as paying bills, buying groceries and raising children. Workers also may be likely to emulate some of the good habits of their conscientious spouses, bringing traits such as diligence and reliability to bear on their own workplace challenges. Finally, having a spouse that keeps your personal life running smoothly may simply reduce stress and make it easier to maintain a productive work-life balance.
While previous research with romantic partners has shown that a bad experience in one social context can bleed over into another (a bad day at work can lead to a grumpy spouse and a tense night at home, for example), the Jackson/Solomon study goes beyond this to suggest that this sort of patterns exists day-in and day-out, exerting a subtle, but important influence on our performance in environments far removed from our home lives and our spouses.
The findings, they suggest, also have interesting implications for how we go about choosing romantic partners. While previous research suggests that people seeking potential mates tend to look for partners who score high on agreeableness and low on narcissism, this study suggests that people with ambitious career goals may be better served to seek supportive partners with highly conscientious personalities.
“This is another example where personality traits are found to predict broad outcomes like health status or occupational success, as in this study,” Jackson said. “What is unique to this study is that your spouse's personality has an influence on such important life experiences.”
I N A DRAMATIC and wholly unexpected move, Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin halted the execution of Richard Glossip on Wednesday, citing “last-minute questions” about the lethal injection protocol the state planned to use to kill him. In a brief statement, Fallin — who has previously denied clemency to Glossip — announced her decision to issue a 37-day stay of execution in order to determine if one of the drugs the state intended to use, potassium acetate, is actually “compliant” with the state's “court-approved execution procedures.”
The stay came just before 4 p.m., almost an hour after the U.S. Supreme Court declined to intervene in the case, and as witnesses were waiting to be taken to the death chamber.
The stay was in part so unexpected because Glossip's appeals on grounds of innocence had been repeatedly rejected. Glossip was condemned to die for the January 1997 murder of Oklahoma City motel owner Barry VanTreese based almost entirely on the word of his confessed killer, a 19-year-old meth addict and drifter named Justin Sneed. Sneed implicated Glossip as the mastermind behind his crime, and testified against him in order to avoid the death penalty. In exchange, he is serving a life sentence in a medium security state prison. (For full background on the case, read The Intercept's July investigation.)
In the media room on the grounds of the Oklahoma State Penitentiary, Department of Corrections Director Robert Patton told a throng of bewildered reporters that it was actually his office that requested the stay, in order to give the state time to do its “due diligence” and “review” the protocol.
But it was a mystery as to when the prison decided to use potassium acetate in the first place — and why no one in charge appeared to know about the change until the very last minute. Oklahoma has never used the drug in executions, nor is it known to be an appropriate substitute for potassium chloride — the third in Oklahoma's official three-drug protocol. Indeed, on Wednesday the DOC provided documents to reporters that listed the formula for Glossip's execution as made up of three drugs: midazolam, which sedates the prisoner, followed by rocuronium bromide (which causes paralysis and stops breathing) and finally potassium chloride (to stop his heart).
Photo: Sue Ogrocki/AP
Director Patton did not take questions. So it remains unclear how potassium acetate came to replace potassium chloride, or when the governor was informed. But the change appeared particularly brazen given the recent scrutiny of Oklahoma's lethal injection process. Glossip first earned national attention as the named plaintiff in, the Supreme Court case that forced a national debate about midazolam, a benzodiazepine used as a substitute for sodium thiopental — a barbiturate used for decades as the first in the three-drug protocol — and linked to a number of botched executions.
Although potassium chloride and potassium acetate are part of the same family of drugs, the latter is described as having a variety of applications, including as a food additive, a runway de-icer, and use in mummification. There is no track record for its use in executions, nor is it clear what would constitute a fatal dose. One pharmacologist, David Kroll, estimated in an article for Forbes that, at least in rodents, it would take 20 percent more of the drug to have the fatal effects of potassium chloride.
The last-minute swap raises more questions about Oklahoma's capacity to competently carry out executions — a concern that has plagued the state since its horribly botched execution of Clayton Lockett in 2014. In that case, Lockett writhed on the gurney for nearly an hour after a paramedic and physician tried clumsily to insert an IV line into his body. He eventually died of a heart attack.
Glossip's execution was supposed to be the first following the Supreme Court's June upholding of Oklahoma's protocol. Since then, the DOC has remodeled its death chamber, reportedly procuring a new execution deathbed and new equipment, including an ultrasound machine, to ensure IV lines are fitted properly. The renovation also happened to diminish the transparency of the process: The state eliminated from its viewing area seven seats previously available for media witnesses, reducing the total number of journalists' slots from 12 to five, while also removing the clock from the execution chamber. Now corrections officials will provide details on the time it takes the state to kill a prisoner.
T HE Turns OF EVENTS on Wednesday was particularly dramatic outside the prison, where more than a dozen members of Glossip's family had gathered. Some wore T-shirts with his picture on the front and, on the back, “PLEASE HELP ME FREE AN INNOCENT MAN.” Everyone believed the execution was imminent, if not underway. But anguish turned to relief and jubilation once someone saw a tweet from a journalist inside the prison. “Stay! Stay!” the person screamed.
Don Knight and Dale Baich, defense attorneys who have handled different aspects of the case, were themselves unaware of the stay until they heard the cries of celebration. Later, Baich, who was part of the legal team that challenged Oklahoma's use of midazolam before the Supreme Court earlier this year, released a statement: “Today's hastily abandoned plans show what happens when states carry out executions in secrecy with unqualified execution team members and no public oversight.”
“I literally thought I was fixin' to lose my best friend,” said Mark Smith, Glossip's nephew, who told The Intercept that he has driven from Clayton, Oklahoma, to visit his uncle every weekend for the last two years. Smith said he grew up fishing and having cookouts with Glossip, whom he described as generous and an important influence on him. “That man kept me out of trouble and kept my mind straight,” he said. “He's not a murderer.”
For Billie Jo Boyiddle, Glossip's niece, it was the fourth time she had experienced the fear of an execution date. “People are listening now — but the people who need to listen won't,” she said. She was already in tears when she arrived at the prison, along with her husband and two of her sons, the youngest of whom is 12; an erroneous Facebook post had reported that the Supreme Court had denied a stay, long before it actually did. “It's just devastating.”
Melissa Johnson, a resident of McAlester, Oklahoma — where executions are carried out — was also outside the prison with her 19-year-old son and his girlfriend. She heard about the case only two weeks ago, after Glossip received his last stay. Knowing that the execution was supposed to take place in her own backyard was “nauseating,” she said. She is not affiliated with any anti-death penalty organizations, she said, “I'm just a Christian.”
Sister Helen Prejean, who has spearheaded the campaign to save Glossip's life, was elated that the stay had been issued: “A food preservative!” she exclaimed after learning about the state's drug quandary. “And a Richard preservative.”
The last time a stay was granted, by the Court of Criminal Appeals, Glossip's family celebrated by going back to Boyiddle's home, where they released colorful balloons. They arrived at the prison today with balloons in their truck, which they passed around. Following news of the stay, Boyiddle's husband, Mike Campbell, tearfully led the group in a prayer, thanking God, as well as Gov. Fallin. He also blessed Glossip — “Ricky” — and said, “I know God, Lord, that you answered our prayers and you're going to continue to hold up this family, you will continue to hold up this case, and will continue to help us fight the death penalty across this world — not just in Oklahoma, but everywhere.”
The family then released their balloons, which floated up above the scarred white brick walls of the prison.
Glossip's next execution date is Friday, November 6.
Caption: The niece of Richard Glossip, Billie Jo Boyiddle, hugs Mike Campbell after hearing about the stay of execution outside the Oklahoma State Penitentiary, in McAlester, Oklahoma, Sept. 30, 2015.
John is one of the cofounders of Techworld, having previously edited several technology titles including Network World, Network Week and LAN Magazine.
Wikileaks is struggling to return at a new web address, wikileaks.ch, after hoster EveryDNS.net threw in the towel in the face of a sustained distributed denial of service (DDoS) attack.
This too appears to have gone down intermittently, whether from service overload or a new DDoS. A ping to the underlying IP, 213.251.145.96 was timing out this morning before returning minutes later.
The site has this week become itinerant in the most difficult way imaginable for any web admin.
First Amazon suspended Wikileaks as a customer for reasons that remain clouded in controversy. Amazon says the site broke its rules but others claim that pressure was applied by the US Government. Amazon also came under a DDoS attack it was able to fend off.
Then a day ago, EveryDNS.net ditched Wikileaks, leaving the site scrambling to find a home.
None of this is new to Wikileaks, which has in recent times hosted its primary servers in an underground Cold War bunker under the streets of Stockholm. The metaphor this supplies is starting to look appropriate for a site that has never in its recent existence been popular.
Exactly who would want to DDoS the site is moot given the number of parties that might be offended by its US diplomatic cables leak. It would be easier to list who might not want to stop its operations.
Making cycling safer in Toronto dominated an online discussion with Cycle Toronto's executive director Jared Kolb on Monday at thestar.com. Here's an edited sample of some of the questions he addressed. I travel a lot and often see bike lanes in the U.S. on the roads protected by concrete barriers for safety. In a city that already has a vehicle gridlock problem such as Toronto, do you see this option as anything that would even get looked at?
Jared Kolb is a executive director of Cycle Toronto, which works with the city to improve cycling safety and infrastructure.
Over the past several years, protected bike lanes have taken off across North America. Between 1874 and 2011, 78 of these facilities were built in America. By 2014, there were 191 protected bike lanes in America. Toronto committed to building a downtown network of protected bike lanes in 2011 and rolled out its first partially separated lane on Sherbourne St. in 2012. Since then, we've seen them added on Wellesley, Richmond and Adelaide, all with different designs. It's crucial that we adopt more protected lanes to create a city-wide grid using more significant types of separation like hard curbs and planter pots. Toronto has over 15,000 per-lane kilometres of roads city-wide, but just over 15 per-lane kilometres of protected lanes.
Article Continued Below
What scares me is that bike infrastructure can be installed and removed on a political whim. Can you comment on the removal of bike lanes on Jarvis St.? Our roads remain hotly political in Toronto. Compounding this, our roads aren't getting any wider. We need to find more efficient ways for people to move. This is in part what was so damaging about Jarvis. City staff said that, at worst, the new lanes on Jarvis increased (car) commute times by two minutes. Yet bicycle traffic tripled over the first two years and traffic injuries were reduced. The last few years have seen several new protected cycle lanes in Toronto such as Sherbourne, Richmond, Adelaide, Simcoe, and now Wellesley. A common feature of these lanes is that they provide separation and sometimes physical separation mid-block, however protection tends to disappear on the approach to intersections, allowing a wider turning radius for cars and causing a conflict between turning motorists and straight-travelling cyclists.
Just wondering which would be a higher priority — protected bike lanes or additional bike lanes in areas without them? Why? I don't see them as mutually exclusive. If we're talking about building infrastructure on main streets with speed limits of 40 km/h or higher, they should be protected. If we're talking about residential roadways, we can certainly use paint, traffic calming and speed reductions. What we really need is a city-wide network. But that's going to cost some money. Our estimates suggest that the cycling budget should be at the very least doubled, from $8 million per year up to $16 million per year.
Article Continued Below
In your ideal vision for Toronto, are there contra-flow lanes on every suitable one-way street? So many residential streets could handle it, but do they need it? It makes a lot of sense to build a super dense bicycle network in the downtown, and that means utilizing contra-flow lanes on many residential streets. Compiled by Tess Kalinowski
Record numbers of homeless people have been counted living on the streets of Melbourne, as help services strain under fresh demand created by a "perfect storm" of economic and social pressures in Victoria.
In recent years Melbourne City Council's regular survey of rough sleepers has found a relatively stable homeless population of about 100 people. But the most recent survey has revealed an unexpected 40 per cent increase since the last count in 2012.
A total of 142 homeless people were recorded on a drizzly but mild winter day in June this year. That is the biggest number in the survey's six-year history.
Volunteers also noticed a large number of people sleeping outside the traditional count area, including in public toilets in Docklands and Royal Park, meaning the actual figure is likely to be much higher.
Key homeless services say the count results are evidence of a wider, worrying trend.
McDonald's USA announced yesterday a partnership with The Coca-Cola Company, Inc. to introduce ready-to-drink versions of its McCafé line of coffee frappes to retailers in early 2018, marking the fast food chain's first entry into the bottled coffee market and further expanding Coke's growing portfolio of coffee-based beverages.
The new line of McCafé Frappes — available in Caramel, Mocha and Vanilla varieties — will be produced, distributed and marketed by the Coca-Cola system, according to a press release. Each SKU will be made with 100 percent Arabica beans, milk and sugar and be sold in 11.7 oz. resealable PET bottles. Financial terms of the deal were not released.
“We know people are going to love McDonald's new, ready-to-drink McCafé Frappés,” said Coke in a statement. “As longtime partners of McDonald's, we look forward to working together to expand the reach and availability of McCafé coffees to more people across the country. McCafé Frappés will join a diverse yet complementary range of ready-to-drink coffee offerings made and distributed by Coca-Cola.”
The McDonald's partnership is further confirmation of Coke's ambitions to seize a larger share of the over $2 billion RTD coffee category, which is currently dominated by Starbucks-branded products produced and marketed by PepsiCo. Earlier this year, Coke launched a new four-SKU line of RTD iced coffee drinks in partnership with Dunkin' Donuts designed to compete with Starbucks' Frappuccino products. The Atlanta-based soda giant also debuted a new line of cold brew coffees through its Gold Peak brand.
In addition to Gold Peak and Dunkin', Coke's RTD coffee portfolio also includes premium Italian brand illy issimo and Java Monster, a coffee-based energy drink produced by Monster Energy and distributed by Coke bottlers.
When asked if Coke's partnership with Dunkin' presented any conflicts of interest for McDonald's, a spokesperson for the company said in an emailed statement, “We are always trying to keep up with the competitive coffee industry and listen to our customers' needs and preferences. Our strategy with this relaunch is to address what they want because nothing comes before coffee for many of our customers.”
As part of the Dunkin' deal, Coke agreed to pay a fee that will be divided between the corporation and the individual franchisees that operate its retail stores in order to cover potential sales lost to bottled products. It is not clear if the McDonald's agreement will include a similar fee or protectionary measure for its franchise owners; in response to a question about potential compensation for franchisees, a McDonald's spokesperson stated, “Our operators are excited by all of the changes we are making to build a better McDonald's, including our recommitment to McCafé. The retail presence helps elevate the McCafé brand and platform as a whole, which benefits everyone.”
For McDonald's, the move into RTD coffee is part of the company's overall revamp of its McCafé experience, which includes the addition of new espresso drinks to the menu and upgraded coffee machines. The burger chain currently markets a range of whole bean, ground and single-serve coffee products sold at conventional retailers.
“This is just the start of our McCafé commitment,” said Chris Kempczinski, President, McDonald's USA, in a statement. “We understand how important the coffee culture is for consumers and we are committed to meeting that demand at the taste, convenience and value only McDonald's can offer. This is a central part of our growth strategy and we can't wait to share what's next.”
As co-founder of the online writers community Backspace, I've been organizing the Backspace Writers Conferences held twice-annually in New York City for the past 9 years. Recently a writer who is considering attending Backspace's newest offering, the Salt Cay Writers Retreat taking place this October on a private island in the Bahamas, wondered how we're able to assemble such a high-level group of bestselling authors, editors, and agents for a week-long workshop.
“Other than the locale and swimming with dolphins,” she asked, “what do you think the faculty members hope to get out of this retreat?”
It's a great question. Literary agents in particular receive hundreds of query letters from aspiring writers every week. Why would they take time from their busy schedules to go to a writers conference or retreat and meet yet more writers in person?
I've worked with well over a hundred literary agents thanks to my conference planning, so I asked a few of my favorites why they attend writers conferences. Their answers may surprise you.
Scott Hoffman (Founding Partner, Folio Literary Management):
Why do agents go to conferences? Three reasons: relationships, relationships and relationships.
First, it's great for us to get the opportunity to spend time with editors and other agents in an informal setting. And if that happens to be at a conference in Miami in February rather than one taking place the same time of year in Minneapolis, all the better.
Second, although any given agent won'tnecessarily sign ev en one client from any given conference, expanding one's network is a critical part of success in this business. From a purely financial standpoint, I can tell you that if you include writers we've met at conferences and people they've introduced us to, we've been able to do at least eight figures' worth of book deals.
Particularly for first-time authors, there's no better way to get to an agent than at a conference. Authors love one-on-one meetings with agents, but we know where the best writers can be found: at the bar. You think Hemingway would have given an elevator pitch at a 7:30 A.M. meet-the-agents session?
Third, well, what better kind of people is there than book people? You know you've already got something in common, right? I'd be lying if I said that I didn't meet lots of friends (and before I was married, a few significant others, too) at writers' conferences. Oh, and talk about scoring an agent — I know at least one writer who's now married to an agent he met at a writer's conference!
When books are on the table, all things are possible.
Jason Allen Ashlock (President, Movable Type Management):
I have to believe there's a kind of reciprocity in the publishing community, a bit of karma, I think: give to the writing community and the writing community will give to you. I've certainly signed writers I met at writers conferences, but it doesn't happen often. It's less about the straight line from conference to client and more about the idea that we all benefit from getting together to talk about what it means to live a writer's life and what it means to be in publishing today.I think there's a net benefit that trickles down to the community of agents and editors: when we all work hard to educate writers, they send us better work, better queries, become better equipped to understand the way we make decisions. I often say that everyone's job in publishing is to make the next person's job easier. Writers should make agents' jobs easier, agents make editors' jobs easier, editors make booksellers' jobs easier, etc. By really involving yourself in the work of teaching writers both craft and industry knowledge, you build a smarter writing world, and that's better for everybody.
Personally, I also like the opportunity to share my ideas on radical mediation and the new role of the agent in the digital publishing economy. Connecting with industry professionals gives me a chance to hone these ideas and to hear how others are handling their own transitions.
Stephany Evans (President, FinePrint Literary Management):
To be honest, I have numerous reasons for attending conferences…1. Looking for talent – of course! While it can be an endurance event, I actually look forward to the one-on-one pitch sessions that some conferences have. Often an in-person pitch can be misleading and when your reception the requested materials there can be some disappointment, but I've also uncovered some gold nuggets. In one instance last year, a writer I'd passed on when she'd first submitted her novel “revisited” me during a pitch session and I got a second chance to work with her on her next book.
2. Getting to spend time with clients who live in different parts of the country — it's nice to have that “in person” time, even if it's just a few minutes.
3. Grabbing some (sometimes) more leisurely time with editors — either ones I've known for years or meeting new ones.
4. Keeping current at the “in the trenches” level. Learning about new ways authors are marketing their work, which I can sometimes pass along to my clients. There's always a new twist — I try to keep eyes and ears open and see what I can learn.
5. Marketing the agency — or maybe being more of an “ambassador” for FinePrint. I think showing up and giving back (taking pitches, offering critiques, participating on panels, etc) puts a human face on who we are and what we can do for an author, as well as hopefully strengthening the industry as a whole, however incrementally.
6. Meeting new people, seeing new places. Many conferences have too little down-time to really check out a new place, but if I'm invited somewhere I haven't been before I'll sometimes see if I can take an extra day or two just to look around.
Katharine Sands (Sarah Jane Freymann Literary Agency)
Conferences are great for sourcing talent. We seek the holy grail: the publishable writer. Writers I have signed at conferences are often unexpected in some way, and not what I might have chosen from a query letter. For example, an IRS expert and a dominatrix…neither was what I was on the lookout for, but both turned out to be marvelous writers!
It is great to debate and discuss topics, share intel with the other agents and editors, especially in their cups. And authors are on the circuit too. Conferences afford agents and writers the chance to hang with childhood heroes and author idols…But if author mystique is something you prize….you might not want to watch as the poet laureate is hitting on co-eds; or be there when your literary goddess starts dissing the industry.
Most of all, I love to being in the trenches. I want to affirm a writer's quest and creativity. To see the light come on in someone's eyes is a thrill to anyone who loves teaching. Advice is a lovely thing to be able to offer.
The role of a literary agent at a writer's conference is very empowering. People are so excited just to meet agents, and this keeps their dreams alive—the dream of the chance meeting that changes your life—as it can!
Jeff Kleinman (Founding Partner, Folio Literary Management):
Writer conferences can be fun and rewarding for all of the reasons that my colleagues have elucidated far more eloquently than I can. But these types of events sometimes leave the editor in me feeling a bit frustrated. Part of what motivates me as an agent is sinking my teeth into a manuscript — to really figure out what makes it tick, to live inside a character's head — and, to some extent, inside the author's head. Editing, plotting, determining what motivates the characters: all of these are my bread-and-butter and make the job of being a literary agent fun.(Don't get me wrong — it's also fun to sell those books and make the authors' dreams come true, but sometimes that almost feels secondary to just helping work on a book that I'm proud to be affiliated with.)
I'm really excited about the Salt Cay Writers Retreat because of its focus on craft. Backspace has invited only Folio agents, and all of us Folio agents are supportive of each other and play well together in the sandbox (or sandy beach, I guess!), so there's not even going to be competition among us agents (“Did you see Author X's work? Are you going to try signing them? I'm going to!”, etc.).
It's a chance to really allow agents, editors and published writers to focus on what is important in writing: writing. Not how to get published, not the eBook revolution, not marketing your work, not developing a platform. Writing. A week to dig into manuscripts, to share thoughts with some of the best editors and the most talented authors in the country in a gorgeous, inspiring environment. What agent wouldn't want to go to a retreat like that?
ALHAMBRA >> Police jailed three alleged burglars Friday with help from several tipsters, authorities said.
Tristan Alex Morris, 23, of Ladera, Kenny Xaver Warren, 27, of Los Angeles and Kendal Rayshaun Calloway, 24, of Los Angeles were booked on suspicion of burglary following their arrests, which took place shortly after 6 p.m. in the area of the 2300 block of Midwick Drive, according to Alhambra police officials and Los Angeles County booking records.
Police first responded to the 200 block of West Ross Avenue after a woman called police to report several would-be intruders had just tried to enter her home before fleeing, Alhambra police Sgt. Jim Hammond said.
“A short time later, dispatch received a second call from a driver of a parcel delivery company, who advised he saw a suspicious vehicle in the area of the 2300 Block of Midwick (Drive),” Hammond said. “Officers located the vehicle in the area and detained the two occupants of the vehicle. The third subject fled on foot.”
After several hours of searching, police found and arrested the third suspect after a resident called police to report seeing a man running through a backyard, police said.
Investigators recovered property from the suspects believed to have been stolen from an earlier break-in in the 1600 block of South Date Avenue, Hammond said.
Morris was being held in lieu of $50,000 bail and Calloway was being held in lieu of $55.629 bail, while Warren, who had pre-existing cases, was being held without bail, according to booking records.
I've been playing games since I was really young. I think what started me liking roleplaying games was the game “Adventure” from the Atari. I moved on eventually to the NES with games like Zelda, Final Fantasy and Dragon Warrior. Needless to say I was hooked.
There was something else that hooked me even more so than those though. Back in 1994-1995 when I first started exploring the wonders of the Internet, I would scour for games to play. I think I was getting tired of the “Chat Room's” so I set off looking for something new. What I found was a bit of a surprise to me.
I remember when my dad got his first PC back in the 80's, it had a monochrome monitor. The monitor had like a ton of different shades of green. Needless to say it was not pretty, but we loved it because it was something new and for It's time it was top of the line. One of the things I remember most about that time though is the game Zork. This was a game that was text based, everything was controlled by what you type in. This game is what really fed my intrigue for was I was about to find.
What I found was a Text based game where there were a ton of people playing all at once. This was completely new to me and I loved it! I Came to find that these were called MUD's or Multi User Dungeons. I remember the random stats generator where you would sit there for an hour just re-rolling your character over and over till you got some really nice stats. There were even people who made programs that would sit there and do it for you.
The games were not just text, if you got the right viewer it would show your health and mana as well as let you bind keys to do certain things. Most of the time I would not even read the text I would just follow the direction on the compass with the number pad controlling the direction in which I walk. I set it up to where if there was an enemy in the room it would come up as red text, or if there was someone that I knew I set it up where their name came up in what ever color I wanted.
What I really loved about a particular game that I used to play (Gemstone III) though is that it was most beneficial to sit in these certain area's called Nodes. Inside of these nodes you gained experience, health and mana faster. You see you didn't outright just gain experience with this game. You would fill a meeter which they called your mind and over time it drained and as it went down you gained exp. This was brilliant because It gave you time to roleplay while your gaining experience.
Between those hunts while waiting in the nodes could be either quick or slow depending on your play style. For me if I wanted to Power level. I would go out and fight till my mind was full then rest just long enough to get all of my mana back then rush out again till my mind was full again. This was the quicker way to level because the higher your mind was the more exp you received while resting. When your mind was in the lower stages or near empty you would get less and less experience. A lot of the time though I would let my mind drain till it was about half full and chat with the other people in the node. This lead to some really fun roleplaying.
As far as how many people were playing? I saw at one time in the height of the games popularity up to 2500 people on at once. There are still people playing the game and its been upgraded to Gemstone IV now. There's been a ton of changes but I'll always remember it as Gemstone III and for the ton of fun I had playing it.
I have to say that I miss roleplaying with others and wish that there were more ways to roleplay in MMO's today. In City of Heroes/Villains there's a place where you can write up a whole bio for your characters. Recently with some of the changes, people would rather power level while farming certain areas instead of going through the story.
New games need to put more emotes into the game. Maybe they could even hide the emotes in items as well so that people can use the cape they are wearing in a conversation. It could be simple things like taking a hat off and scratching your head. Or even adjusting your hat and brushing off your clothes just before or after going into a duel. It would make finding that special item with a special emote even more satisfying to the players.
I think if developers focus on the player interaction just a bit more, we'll all have a much better gaming experience.
[tags]Gemstone III, Gemstone IV, GS3, GS4, MMO, MMORPG, roleplaying[/tags]
Sir Arthur Harden, FRS[1] (12 October 1865 Manchester, Lancashire – 17 June 1940 Bourne End, Buckinghamshire) was a British biochemist. He shared the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1929 with Hans Karl August Simon von Euler-Chelpin for their investigations into the fermentation of sugar and fermentative enzymes.[2][3] He was a founding member of the Biochemical Society and editor of its journal for 25 years.
Biography [ edit ]
Early years [ edit ]
Arthur was born to Scottish Prsebyterian businessman Albert Tyas Harden and Eliza Macalister. His early education was at a private school in Victoria Park run by Dr Ernest Adam. He went to study in 1877 at a Tettenhall College, Staffordshire, and entered Owens College in 1882, now the University of Manchester, in 1882, graduating in 1885. He studied chemistry under Professor Roscoe at Owens College and was influenced by J.B. Cohen.[4]
Research [ edit ]
In 1886 Harden was awarded the Dalton Scholarship in Chemistry and spent a year working with Otto Fischer at Erlangen where he worked on the synthesis of β-nitroso-α-naphthylamine and studied its properties. After receiving a Ph.D. he returned to Manchester as a lecturer and demonstrator and H.B. Dixon and taught along with Sir Philip Hartog. He researched the life and work of Daltonduring these years. In 1895 he wrote a textbook on Practical Organic Chemistry along with F.C. Garrett. Harden continued to work at Manchester until 1897 when he was appointed chemist to the newly founded British Institute of Preventive Medicine, which later became the Lister Institute. He earned the degree Doctor of Science (D.Sc.) from the Victoria University (which included Owens College) in June 1902.[5] Five years later, in 1907 he was appointed Head of the Biochemical Department, a position which he held until his retirement in 1930 (though he continued his scientific work at the Institute after his retirement).[4]
At Manchester, Harden had studied the action of light on mixtures of carbon dioxide and chlorine, and when he entered the Institute he applied his methods to the investigation of biological phenomena such as the chemical action of bacteria and alcoholic fermentation. He studied the breakdown products of glucose and the chemistry of the yeast cell, and produced a series of papers on the antiscorbutic and anti-neuritic vitamins.[4]
Harden was knighted in 1926, and received several honorary doctorates. A Fellow of the Royal Society,[1] he received the Davy Medal in 1935.
Personal life [ edit ]
Harden married Georgina Sydney Bridge (died January, 1928) in 1900 and they had no children.[6]
See also [ edit ]
Best Buy is apologizing after a Houston store was reported to be selling cases of water for $42 after Hurricane Harvey hit the region.
A tweet showing the Best Buy prices went viral earlier Tuesday.
One Houston resident sent me a pic of water he saw being sold for *$42* at a nearby Best Buy. They were kind enough to offer $29 bottles too pic.twitter.com/8dKz3sJJM1 — ken klippenstein (@kenklippenstein) August 29, 2017
“This was a big mistake on the part of a few employees at one store on Friday,” a Best Buy spokesman said in a statement to The Hill. “As a company we are focused on helping, not hurting affected people. We're sorry and it won't happen again.”
“Not as an excuse but as an explanation, we don't typically sell cases of water. The mistake was made when employees priced a case of water using the single-bottle price for each bottle in the case,” the statement continued.
ADVERTISEMENT
The apology comes amid widespread reports of price gouging in the wake of the storm.
A spokeswoman for Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton (R) told The Hill earlier Tuesday that the office had received at least 600 complaints of price gouging and fraud after Harvey hit the region.
"As of our last tally this morning, we have 600 complaints pertaining to Hurricane Harvey (including scams, fraud, price gouging and charities), and that number is still rising," spokeswoman Kayleigh Lovvorn wrote in an email. "The majority of these complaints involve price gouging for bottled water, fuel, groceries and shelter."
Confession time: I'm rooting for Donald Trump to win the Republican nomination. And not in a casual, that-would-be-amusing way. When he won South Carolina, there was celebrating at my house. When he won Nevada, I did a happy dance. When pundits on TV say in shocked, repulsed tones that his nomination is starting to look inevitable, I say, "Damn skippy."
Don't get me wrong. I'm not saying I like Trump — I hate him with the passion of a thousand burning suns — or that I want him to be president. But yes, I think he should win the Republican nomination. He's run the best campaign, one that speaks to what Republican voters want to hear, and, by that measure, he deserves to win the nomination, so that Hillary Clinton can wipe the floor with him in November.
Advertisement:
This is not a popular opinion, and not just with the establishment Republicans who can't help acting like the main problem with Trump is he puts his dirty shoes on the couch. The common wisdom in most of the media — conservative, mainstream and liberal — is that a Trump nomination would be a ruinous thing, a blow to both the Republican Party and the political system as we know it. To which I can't help but say, "So what?"
I don't agree with Trump supporters on, well, almost anything, but I can't help sharing in the pleasure they take with the way that Trump's very existence exposes the smarmy two-faced hypocrisy of the modern Republican Party. Modern conservatism is built on a base of protecting men's dominance over women, white people's dominance over people of color and rich people's dominance over everyone else, but it's generally considered impolite to say so bluntly. Instead, it's standard for Republicans to pretend that policies obviously designed to screw people over are meant to help. That puts journalists in this terrible situation of having to pretend that Republicans mean well, since it's generally considered impolitic to call someone a liar.
Trump doesn't play that game, at least not as much, and it is nakedly obvious that this, and not his actual beliefs and policies, is what angers many of his detractors. Take, for instance, Jonah Goldberg of the National Review on Fox News recently, complaining that Trump is "completely overturning what the Republican reset was supposed to be about after 2012, which was this idea that it was going to be a more consistently conservative but more inclusive and nicer toned party."
"And instead it's going to be a less conservative but meaner toned and less inclusive party," he added.
To which I must again say, "So what?" People who value kindness and inclusivity already have a party. They're called the Democrats.
But of course, Goldberg doesn't actually want a kinder, more inclusive Republican Party. What he and other establishment Republicans want is to be able to pursue nasty, bigoted policies while maintaining an air of gentility that garners respect in the mainstream media. Which is why it gives Trump voters such a thrill to symbolically kick dirt in the faces of folks like Jonah Goldberg by voting for Trump.
Advertisement:
Trump annoys because he's loud and rude. Because if you actually look past the surface, even by a millimeter, to the policy level, this notion that Trump is somehow more hateful than his competitors Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio simply becomes laughable. Take, for instance, this telling exchange from Thursday's CNN debate:
CRUZ: Did you say if you want people to die on the streets, if you don't support socialized health care, you have no heart. TRUMP: Correct. I will not let people die on the streets if I'm president. CRUZ: Have you said you're a liberal on health care?
It went on in this vein for a bit, before Wolf Blitzer put a stop to it, but it was a telling moment where Cruz really did try to frame it as soft-hearted and "liberal" to even consider the possibility that human life is worth more than tax cuts. But Cruz is still considered by both the Republican establishment and the mainstream media to be a more acceptable candidate than a bully like Trump. Because Trump calls people "pussy," which is far worse than letting people die in the street. So crude, you know.
Rubio didn't get a chance to weigh in on the "let people die in the streets" debate, but since a major part of his platform is eliminating Medicaid and the Children's Health Insurance Program, it would seem he is also on Team Screw 'Em. If those 5-year-olds don't want to die from leukemia, they should get jobs that have full-time health benefits.
To be exquisitely clear, this is in no way a vindication of Trump. He represents the worst of conservatism. His policies are nonsensical, he clearly would rather burn this country to the ground than have anything approaching justice or equality in it, he is racist to his core, and he has no respect for anyone but himself and people who are just like him.
Advertisement:
But that's just as true of Cruz or Rubio, and in some cases, they are arguably worse.
Trump retweets racist propaganda. Both Cruz and Rubio have backed legislation designed specifically to make it harder for people of color to vote.
Trump likes to rattle on about this stupid Mexican wall that will never be built. Marco Rubio's immigration platform is also building up a big wall that makes the Southwest look like a war zone. Cruz is also all about that wall, while also suggesting that undocumented immigrants are "criminals and terrorists."
Advertisement:
Trump suggested he'd be up for banning Muslims from traveling to our country. Cruz and Rubio aren't so blunt about it, but they send the same pro-bigotry message by rushing for the microphones to denounce President Obama every time he dares suggest that Muslims should be treated with respect and dignity. Both have also attacked Syrian refugees, hinting that they are terrorists in disguise who are slipping in through a supposedly haphazard system, which is a total falsehood. Cruz even suggested a bill banning refugees.
"The press went gaga for Rubio after Iowa," Matt Taibbi colorfully wrote in Rolling Stone last week, because "he's an unthreatening, blow-dried, cliché-spouting, dial-surveying phony of the type campaign journalists always approve of." It's a tough pill to swallow, but it's true.
And since it's true, it should be easy to see why Trump supporters enjoy the opportunity to stick it to the journalistic establishment that is so easily swayed by shallow Republican candidates who trick you into thinking they're reasonable because they wear nice shoes and can somewhat imitate the facial expressions of people who feel empathy.
Advertisement:
Look, someone has to win the Republican nomination. In this particular contest of villains, Trump is the least-bad option. Cruz seems like a sociopath who thinks he's a prophet. Rubio just perpetuates that myth that the politics of nihilism are OK so long as the figurehead is handsome and genial enough. A Trump nomination, on the other hand, would puncture any remaining illusion that the Republican Party is a home for serious people, instead of a den of misanthropes and bullies that see politics solely as a way to preserve their own privilege while screwing over everyone else.
That, and it will probably be easier for Clinton to beat Trump than either of his opponents.
Sarah Braker, communications manager
Congress is now considering three amendments to the transportation bill that would cut two major sources of bike project funding, the Recreational Trails Program and the Transportation Alternatives Program.
The first proposed amendment would make biking and walking projects ineligible for certain types of transportation funding. The second proposed amendment would allow all biking and walking funding to be diverted to road and bridge projects. The third proposed amendment would make the Recreational Trails Program ineligible for any transportation funding.
Without these programs, it will be significantly more difficult for communities to increase their bike infrastructure. And if we lose them now we may never get them back.
Use our easy letter-writing tool and tell your leaders to oppose these amendments.
See all Government Relations blog entries
My story Sunday saying that the danger from radiation in Japan will remain small even if things at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant go horribly wrong generated a lot of response. What about reports that radioactivity had already gotten not only spinach and milk but also into the water supply?
Actually, no. The whole point is that the amount of radioactivity people outside the evacuation zone are exposed to is likely to be small, even if we include the amounts in food and tap water. Radiation at close enough range to cause radiation poisoning is deadly, but although all radioactivity increases the risk of cancer, the increases are much smaller than you might think.
Answer this: if you were standing a mile away from the atomic bomb that destroyed Hiroshima when it exploded, how much would your lifetime risk of cancer go up?
Just 0.3%, says David Brenner, Director, Center for Radiological Research at Columbia University Medical Center in New York. For a man the lifetime risk of cancer is 44%; for a woman, it's 38%. Even being near an atomic bomb doesn't hold a candle to the risk of smoking, which causes 180,000 cases of lung cancer in the U.S. each year, as well as other cancers including mouth, throat, stomach and pancreas.
When it comes to health problems caused by the disaster in Japan, the lack of medical care, food, and clean water could dwarf the long-term death toll from radiation.
"If you want to look at the big picture of how many people are dying, you wouldn't be in the radiation story at all," says Brenner.
How bad could it get in Japan? Right now, according to measurements released by the Japanese government, people outside the damaged reactor are receiving between 1 and 100 microsieverts per hour of radiation. That's well within the safe range. People in the U.S. can get more than that from cosmic rays.
If the amount of radiation from the reactors went up 100-fold, to 10,000 microsieverts, it would still be a very low level, Brenner says. That's still just 0.01 sievert. When the National Acadamies of Science issued a report on radiation safety, it estimated that a dose of 0.1 sievert – ten times that much-- would increase the number of cases of cancer by 2,270 in a population of 100,000 people.
But it's unlikely that levels in Japan will ever get that high. There would have to be a catastrophic meltdown, combined with a terrible explosion, combined with howling winds going in exactly the wrong direction to even have a chance of coming close. You'd also have to believe that further efforts to stop the disaster, like pouring concrete and sand over it in the case of a meltdown, would fail to stop the radiation.
The word "radiation" conjures up images of death rays that burn invisibly through the air. But the case here is more one of poisonous dirt and dust being caught up and spread. The radioactive isotopes that are the source of concern here just don't travel that well.
When the Chernobyl reactor in Ukraine melted down, an entire reactor with virtually no containment system exploded, spewing huge amounts of radioactive material into the air, where they were blown by the wind into habitable areas. This resulted in amounts of radioactive iodine (iodine-131) that were, Brenner says, "thousands of times greater" than could be the case in Japan. And then the Soviet government did not tell people about the accident for days, during which time children drank locally produced milk, which contained the radioactive iodine.
A recent study by researchers at the National Institutes of Health found that the median exposure in a group of children it followed was 633,000 microsieverts, or 63 times our worst-case guess that is 100 times the highest levels in Japan aside from those heroic people who are trying to deal with the catastrophe at the reactor.
People shouldn't eat food that has tested positive for radioactivity, Brenner says. But the fact that the food is being tested means they have the chance to not consume it, which will further reduce the risk of harmful radioactivity.
My initial reaction to the news of the catastrophe at the Fukishima Daiichi plant was that if Japan, with its focus on earthquake readiness, couldn't keep its plants safe then maybe we shouldn't be building nuclear power plants. But the reality seems to be that the risk from radiation is far less scary than most people think it would be. Science fiction movies and comic books haven't given people a very clear perspective on what radioactivity actually is. Here's another numerate perspective on this risk, from the comic strip xkcd.
The reality is that the biggest dangers to people in Japan are more mundane: lack of clean water, food, shelter, and medical care. Here is a link to the Red Cross.
For months, the political world has been consumed by the question of whether Donald Trump — that guy??? — could really win the GOP nomination. Now Republicans and Democrats alike are starting to ask the next question: What happens if he makes it to the general election?
Approaching Trump as his party's nominee is difficult because he's already confounded so many political expectations to get to the point he is now. What is clear, however, is that the wealthy real estate mogul has not had to face the type of attacks that are likely to come his way in a general election, nor has he weathered anything close to the scale of negative ads he'd have to endure to succeed. For a variety of reasons, rival GOP candidates and their donor allies have overwhelmingly spent their ad money bashing each other rather than Trump, hoping to winnow down the field before taking the on the front-runner one-on-one.
For the latest news from New Hampshire click here
Conversations with strategists in both parties reveal two tough angles in particular that Trump will have to overcome should he go up against Democrats in the general election.
Puncturing the populism
Trump's biggest superpower in the GOP primaries, the one that may propel him to the nomination, is his ability to connect with blue-collar white voters. He's promised to lift those voters up while waging war on their perceived enemies: China abroad, immigrants at home, and elites everywhere.
RELATED: Trump calls supporter's use of epithet a ‘great moment'
To some Democrats and Republicans, the obvious play then is to try and wreck the myth of “Donald Trump: Working Class Hero.” That means an onslaught of ads casting him as a heartless businessman stomping on the weak: Things like trying to kick veteran vendors off his street, suing an elderly widow to turn her home into a parking lot, applying to bring in foreign workers while decrying them on the trail for stealing jobs. He's also complained during the campaign that “wages [are] too high” in America to compete with China.
It took awhile, but you're starting to see this angle from some Republican groups and candidates. Liz Mair, the GOP strategist behind the anti-Trump Make America Awesome PAC, told MSNBC it's the only angle that works in focus groups. The group's current slogan in New Hampshire ads: “He's For Trump: Not Us.”
view photo essay Political Theatre: The presidential campaign of Donald Trump “Make America Great Again.”
This is only half of the attack Trump would face from Democrats, however. The critical second part is something Republicans can't deploy for ideological and political reasons: Trump's policies would make him personally a whole lot richer.
Trump's sweeping multi-trillion dollar tax plan would massively benefit him, his business empire, and especially his globetrotting safari-hunting heirs who would pay zero taxes on their inheritance. Why don't the other candidates bring it up? They're promising similarly lavish tax breaks for the one percent.
It didn't attract much notice at the time, but Bernie Sanders has already targeted Trump with this exact frame.
“This is a guy who does not want to raise the minimum wage,” the Democratic candidate said in a CBS interview in December. “In fact, he has said that he thinks wages in America are too high. But he does want to give hundreds of billions of dollars in tax breaks to the top three-tenths of 1 percent.”
That line touched a nerve with Trump, who responded on Twitter by abandoning his “wages” remark (which he made on camera at two separate points) and claiming it was misinterpreted. He can expect to face a crush of ads with those clips as well as him boasting “I fight like hell to pay as little as possible” when he debuted his tax plan.
Prominent Clinton allies are predicting an offensive along these lines, according to a Politico report, which they liken to the ferocious attacks on layoffs and bankruptcies at Bain Capital that helped drag down Mitt Romney in 2012.
Obama campaign veterans always insisted that the special sauce to the attacks against Romney was the broader argument that Republican policies would only enrich people like him. Romney anticipated the attacks and pledged early on not to use loopholes to try and lower his own tax bill, which created problems of its own. Trump has left himself wide open and relied on his “authenticity” to repel attacks, but there's no telling if it will work outside of his base.
Building a backlash
Others within the Democratic Party put less stock in a Bain-style attack targeting Trump's blue-collar white support. The more important task, they argue, is using Trump's words and positions to fire up the Democratic base.
The top goal for Democrats in 2016 is to keep up their margins and turnout with the Obama coalition: Single women, Latinos, and African Americans. If they show up, Republicans will have to push their share of the white vote to new heights, giving them only a narrow path to victory.
Trump has antagonized every single group in the Obama coalition. All Democrats have to do, the thinking goes, is remind them with a series of parallel campaigns narrowly aimed at each group.
RELATED: Why a Donald Trump win in New Hampshire would be big
“I truly believe these targeted demographic attacks are going to be the most important ones,” one top Democratic strategist told MSNBC. “It's hard to imagine who he's left uncovered at this point.”
While Republicans have castigated Trump for bigotry at points, minority voters are mostly a bit player in GOP primary contests and rivals' attacks against him have been far more muted than anything that would come his way in a general election.
Expect Trump calling undocumented immigrants “rapists” to play on Hispanic media 24/7, his flirtations with apparent white supremacists to run on black radio stations, and the greatest hits of his most sexist moments everywhere. Surrogates would blitz the news making the same case to each slice of the electorate individually.
“Trying to win a primary in primary campaign where the base of the party votes is very different than winning a general election,” Clinton strategist Joel Benenson told MSNBC, citing the significant demographic differences.
About 89 percent of all Republican voters in the 2012 presidential election were white, per exit polls, but the overall electorate was only 72 percent white and that number is projected to drop another two points in 2016 thanks to population trends. Moreover, Trump's support is most concentrated among non-college educated white voters, a group whose share of the electorate is on the decline.
Trump's boasted that he'll win the majority of Latinos and African Americans come November, but current polling supports the notion that he's isolated himself even as he's driven his own support up within the GOP. Recent Gallup polling found 60 percent of Americans had an unfavorable view of Trump, far higher than previous nominees in either party. He's been a bogeyman in Spanish-language news for months and his poll numbers with Latino voters are poisonously low even at a point when most Americans usually don't tune in closely to the election.
The caveat is that Trump was similarly unpopular in polls of Republican voters when he started his campaign and he managed to clean up his image. Reintroducing himself to the broader public will be tougher when he's been the top news story in the country for months, but he's proven his doubters wrong plenty of times already. He's also proven competitive in some early general election polls.
Make no mistake, though: The toughest hits have yet to come.
There is one point on which I believe Dawkins gets tripped up by his zeal. To refute the creationists, who like to dismiss evolution as “just a theory,” he keeps insisting that evolution is an undeniable fact. A moment's reflection reveals the problem: We don't speak of Darwin's fact of evolution. So is evolution a fact or a theory? On this question Dawkins, to use an English expression, gets his knickers in a twist.
Evolutionary theory is a mansion that has been under vigorous construction for the last 150 years and is still far from complete. A ballroom-size controversy is whether natural selection can operate at the level of groups as well as that of individuals. The evolutionary theory of aging, which predicts that many genes must be involved in determining life span, recently collapsed when researchers found that the lifetimes of laboratory organisms can be tripled or better by changing a single gene. If the theory of evolution is still in full flux — as befits any scientific theory at the forefront of research — how can evolution be said to be a fact?
Dawkins is aware that evolution is commonly called a theory but deems “theory” too wishy-washy a term because it connotes the idea of hypothesis. Evolution, in Dawkins's view, is a concept as bulletproof as a mathematical theorem, even though it can't be proved by rigorous logical proofs. He seems to have little appreciation for the cognitive structure of science. Philosophers of science, who are the arbiters of such issues, say science consists largely of facts, laws and theories. The facts are the facts, the laws summarize the regularities in the facts, and the theories explain the laws. Evolution can fall into only one of these categories, and it's a theory.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Other systems of thought, like religion, are founded on immutable dogma, whereas science changes to accommodate new knowledge. So what part of science is it that changes during intellectual revolutions? Not the facts, one hopes, or the laws. It's the highest-level elements in the cognitive structure — the theories — that are sacrificed when fundamental change is needed. Ptolemaic theory yielded when astronomers found that Copernicus's better explained the observations; Newton's theory of gravitation turned out to be a special case of Einstein's.
If a theory by nature is liable to change, it cannot be considered absolutely true. A theory, however strongly you believe in it, inherently holds a small question mark. The minute you erase the question mark, you've got yourself a dogma.
Since the theory of evolution explains and is in turn supported by all the known facts of biology, it can be regarded as seriously robust. There's no present reason to think it has any flaws. But when we learn how life evolved on other planets, evolution could turn out to be a special case of some more general theory.
When Dawkins asserts that evolution “is a fact in the same sense as it is a fact that Paris is in the Northern Hemisphere,” it seems he doesn't know what a theory is. Yet he is justified in his passion to demonstrate how beautifully the theory of evolution explains the biological world. How can his knickers be untwisted?
The best way, in my view, is to distinguish between evolution as history and evolution as science. Evolution is indeed a historical fact. Every living thing and every fossil-bearing rock bears evidence that evolution occurred. But evolution is not a scientific fact as philosophers of science see it. In science it plays a far grander role: it is the theory without which nothing in biology makes sense. The condition of this high status is that it cannot be the final and absolute truth that Dawkins imagines it to be; it is liable to future modification and change like any other scientific theory.
This brings me to the intellectual flaw, or maybe it's a fault just of tone, in Dawkins's otherwise eloquent paean to evolution: he has let himself slip into being as dogmatic as his opponents. He has become the Savonarola of science, condemning the doubters of evolution as “history-­deniers” who are “worse than ignorant” and “deluded to the point of perversity.” This is not the language of science, or civility. Creationists insist evolution is only a theory, Dawkins that it's only a fact. Neither claim is correct.
Exclusive A bird dropping a piece of bread onto outdoor machinery has been blamed for a technical fault at the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) this week which saw significant overheating in sections of the mighty particle-punisher's subterranean 27-km supercooled magnetic doughnut.
According to scientists at the project, had the LHC been operational - it is scheduled to recommence beaming later this month - the snag would have caused it to fail safe and shut down automatically. This would put the mighty machine out of action for a few days while it was restarted, but there would be no repeat of the catastrophic damage suffered last September. On that occasion, an electrical connection in the circuit itself failed violently, causing a massive liquid-helium leak and knock-on damage along hundreds of metres of magnets.
Reg readers alerted us yesterday to the temperature rises in the LHC's Sector 81, which began in the early hours of Tuesday morning: most of the collider's operational data can be viewed on the web for all to see. Initial enquiries to CERN press staff led to assurances that the rises were the result of routine tests.
However Dr Mike Lamont, who works at the CERN control centre and describes himself as "LHC Machine Coordinator and General Dogsbody" later confirmed that there had indeed been a problem. Lamont, briefing reporters at the control room yesterday, told the Reg that machinery on the surface - the LHC accelerator circuit itself is buried deep beneath the Franco-Swiss border outside Geneva - had suffered a fault caused by "a bit of baguette on the busbars", thought perhaps to have been dropped by a bird.
As a result, temperatures in part of the LHC's circuit climbed to almost 8 Kelvin - significantly higher than the normal operating temperature of 1.9, and close to the temperature at which the LHC's niobium-titanium magnets are likely to "quench", or cease superconducting and become ordinary "warm" magnets - by no means up to the task imposed on them. Dr Tadeusz Kurtyka, a CERN engineer, told the Reg that this can happen unpredictably at temperatures above 9.6 K.
An uncontrolled quench would be bad news with the LHC in operation, possibly leading to serious damage of the sort which crippled the machine last September. At the moment there are no beams of hadrons barrelling around the huge magnetic doughnut at close to light speed, but when there are, each of the two beams has as much energy in it as an aircraft carrier underway. If the LHC suddenly lost its ability to keep the beam circling around its vacuum pipe, all that energy would have to go somewhere - with results on the same scale as being rammed by an aircraft carrier.
This Taco Lasagna recipe is so easy and is a casserole that freezes well. When Mexican food meets Italian you get layers of pasta, salsa, seasoned taco meat and lots and lots of cheese.
This Taco Lasagna has only 7 ingredients and is a crowd pleasing cheesy Mexican dinner! This recipe is great topped with some homemade guacamole and pico de gallo.
TACO LASAGNA
I was talking to my sister on the phone the other day and she said, “Geez. You're such a Pinterest mom.”
Her comment spawned from the fact that I had Super Glued some quarters on our sidewalk for April Fool's Day. Umm…pretty sure that wasn't on Pinterest. And I can't say it was just for the kids because I enjoyed every second of watching people try to pick them up.
Oh and I put salt in their toothbrushes. Which turns out backfired completely because now they never want to brush their teeth.
I love the ideas that flow on Pinterest but if an idea takes more than 10 minutes…20 max, I'm out. So if you want to call me a Pinterest mom then you're right. I'm a 10 minute Pinterest mom.
I've found that my kids really appreciate the small little things that make the holidays fun and it doesn't have to be elaborate.
I cannot leave the grocery store without forgetting at least one thing on my list. I'll even remember after I've loaded all of the kids in the car and can't bring myself to go back in. Simple recipes are the only way to go for me.
I made a huge feast for Cinco De Mayo last year and my family looked at me like I was crazy. So I might stick to something easy like this this year.
This taco lasagna could not be more simple. I was skeptical that with such few ingredients that the flavor would be good but it came together nicely.
WHAT IS TACO LASAGNA?
Unlike other Mexican lasagnas that use tortillas, this one actually uses lasagna noodles making it a true lasagna. I like the one with tortillas too but to me those are called layered enchiladas.
Mix a little ricotta with an egg for your lasagna-ness.
Start by layering 4 lasagna noodles. You can boil the noodles or use the no-boil noodles like I did. There's a fine line between lazy and efficient and I like dancing on it.
Spread your ricotta mixture over the noodles.
Sprinkle a layer of taco meat on top.
The sauce in this Taco Lasagna is your favorite salsa.
Sprinkle a good helping of cheese on top. Then repeat the layers twice. See! So easy.
Another great thing about this Taco Lasagna is that it freezes great!
HOW TO MAKE TACO LASAGNA
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
In a large skillet, brown beef until no longer pink. Drain meat and add the taco seasoning. Stir until combined and set aside.
In a small bowl, add the egg and ricotta and stir until combined.
In a 9×13 baking dish, start by layering 4 lasagna noodles on the bottom of the pan. Next, layer 1/3 of the ricotta, 1/3 of the beef mixture, 1/3 of the salsa, and 1/3 of the cheese. Repeat the layers 2 more times.
Bake covered for 30-40 minutes or until the casserole has heated through and is bubbly. Let casserole stand 10 minutes before cutting. Top with sour cream, sliced green onions, and diced tomatoes if desired.
If you like this Taco Lasagna, you'll love these recipes:
Faux Lasagna
Unstuffed Shells Casserole
Easy Taco Bake
Print 4.85 from 13 votes Yield : 9 Taco Lasagna 15 mins Prep Time: 35 mins Cook Time: 45 mins Total Time: This Taco Lasagna recipe is so easy and is a casserole that freezes well. When Mexican food meets Italian you get layers of pasta, salsa, seasoned taco meat and lots and lots of cheese. Ingredients 12 oven ready lasagna noodles (see note)
1 pound lean ground beef
1 1- oz. package Old El Paso taco seasoning
1 egg
1 15- oz. carton ricotta cheese
4 cups 1 lb. shredded cheddar cheese
1 24- oz. jar chunky salsa
Optional toppings: sour cream , green onions, diced tomatoes Instructions Preheat oven to 350 degrees. In a large skillet, brown beef until no longer pink. Drain meat and add the taco seasoning. Stir until combined and set aside. In a small bowl, add the egg and ricotta and stir until combined. In a 9x13 baking dish, start by layering 4 lasagna noodles on the bottom of the pan. Next, layer 1/3 of the ricotta, 1/3 of the beef mixture, 1/3 of the salsa, and 1/3 of the cheese. Repeat the layers 2 more times. Bake covered for 30-40 minutes or until the casserole has heated through and is bubbly. Let casserole stand 10 minutes before cutting. Top with sour cream, sliced green onions, and diced tomatoes if desired. Recipe Notes I use oven ready or no-boil lasagna noodles to save time. You can use regular noodles as well, just boil them before assembling. It's important to cover it tightly when baking. This kind of steams the noodles with the salsa. Freezing: This freezes great! To use frozen casserole: Thaw in the refrigerator for 8 hours and then bake as directed. Source: adapted from Taste of Home Author: Christy Denney Course: Main Course Cuisine: Mexican Keyword: beef, casserole, lasagna, taco
Only Eats
In 2007, nonsuppurative encephalitis was identified in a killer whale at a Texas, USA, marine park. Panviral DNA microarray of brain tissue suggested West Nile virus (WNV); WNV was confirmed by reverse transcription PCR and sequencing. Immunohistochemistry demonstrated WNV antigen within neurons. WNV should be considered in cases of encephalitis in cetaceans.
West Nile virus (WNV) is a single-stranded RNA virus of the genus Flavivirus that is transmitted by mosquitoes. In humans and animals, WNV has been associated with a spectrum of clinical conditions from asymptomatic infections to sudden death. These have been identified in a variety of animal species. Among marine mammals, WNV infection has been reported in a harbor seal (Phoca vitulina) ( 1 ). We describe WNV infection in a killer whale (Orcinus orca) and seroprevalence in conspecific cohort and noncohort groups.
The Study
In 2007, a 14-year-old male killer whale at a marine park in San Antonio, Texas, USA, died suddenly without notable premonitory signs. On gross examination, mild multifocal meningeal hyperemia and petechial parenchymal hemorrhage were noted in the right cerebrum and cerebellum. The left hemisphere of the brain appeared normal. Focally extensive tan discoloration and fibrosis were present in the right accessory lung lobe with associated hemorrhage and congestion. Both lung lobes were mildly and diffusely heavy and wet. All thoracic and abdominal lymph nodes were moderately enlarged and edematous. The second gastric chamber displayed numerous chronic and active ulcerations of 1.5–2 cm. Fresh and buffered 10% formalin-fixed specimens were collected. Fresh tissues were stored at –80°C. Tissues fixed in 10% buffered formalin were processed routinely and stained with hematoxylin and eosin for histologic examination.
Histologic review demonstrated moderate multifocal subacute vasculitis and nonsuppurative encephalitis. Inflammatory lesions of the central nervous system were focused in gray matter of the medulla oblongata, pons, mesencephalan, and cerebellum. Lesions were bilateral but more severe on the right side. Meninges demonstrated moderate focally extensive and multifocal areas of acute meningeal congestion and hemorrhage. Mild multifocal lymphocytic infiltrates expanded the leptomeninges. Blood vessels demonstrated mild to moderate acute necrosis and lymphocytic and contained plasmacytic and neutrophilic infiltrates within vascular walls. Encephalitis was characterized by perivascular lymphocytes and fewer plasma cells expanding the Virchow-Robbins spaces. Small, scattered, perivascular ring hemorrhages were noted. A few multifocal loosely arranged glial nodules were within cerebral white matter.
Predominant lesions in the lungs were areas of chronic and active abscessation amid a focally extensive area of mixed inflammation and fibrosis. There was moderate diffuse acute pulmonary edema and congestion. Gastric ulcerations were present in the first gastric chamber and were chronic and active. They were characterized by central ulcerations with necrosis and a mixed inflammatory infiltrate surrounded by variable fibrosis and a rim of epithelial hyperplasia. Changes in spleen, lymph node, and kidney included acute edema, congestion, and vascular dilation.
Conventional diagnostic assays were performed for aerobic, anaerobic, and fungal microbes in liver, lung, kidney, cerebrospinal fluid, and brain. All yielded minimal growth of Escherichia coli.
The final diagnosis was fulminant peracute bacteremia and septicemia secondary to a primary viral infection associated with nonsuppurative encephalitis. Published etiologic considerations for cetacean nonsuppurative encephalitis include morbillivirus and protozoal infections (2). A DNA microarray with highly conserved sequences from >1,000 viruses was selected to screen for known and novel viruses (3). Total RNA was extracted from brain tissue and hybridized to a microarray as described (4). Analysis of the resulting hybridization pattern demonstrated a strong hybridization signal to many oligonucleotide probes on the microarray from the family Flaviviridae, in particular to WNV. Consensus reverse transcription PCR primers (5) targeting WNV were used to confirm the microarray results. Sequencing of the 261-bp amplicon (GenBank accession no. {"type":"entrez-nucleotide","attrs":{"text":"HQ610502","term_id":"327554670","term_text":"HQ610502"}}HQ610502) yielded a sequence with 99% nt identity and 100% aa acid identity to WNV strain OK03 (GenBank accession no. {"type":"entrez-nucleotide","attrs":{"text":"EU155484.1","term_id":"157837410","term_text":"EU155484.1"}}EU155484.1), a strain originally identified in Oklahoma, USA.
To further support a WNV diagnosis, we performed immunohistochemical staining on brain tissue. The immunoperoxidase stain used was a commercial rabbit polyclonal antibody (BioRelience Corp., Rockville, MD, USA) with peroxidase-tagged goat antirabbit immunoglobulin G (DakoCytomation, Carpinteria, CA, USA) bridge and 3-amino-9-ethylcarbazole (DakoCytomation) as the chromogen. This staining demonstrated abundant WNV antigen within the cytoplasm of a small number of neurons and glial cells and in fewer macrophages in the brain tissue ( ).
We evaluated WNV exposure within the same cohort, as well as a geographically distant cohort of whales by using serologic testing. All testing was performed at the same laboratory by using a standard plaque-reduction neutralization test. In this assay, a 90% neutralization cutoff was used (6). A 90% plaque-reduction titer >10 was considered positive. Serum from the affected whale and 5 cohort killer whales from the same marine park in San Antonio as well as 5 whales housed at another facility in Orlando, Florida, USA, were evaluated. In each facility, the animals have regular contact with each other. The facilities are geographically separated so the animals do not have exposure to those in the other park. All 6 animals from Texas had 90% plaque-reduction titers >10, ranging from 40 to 80. The 5 whales housed together in Orlando had no measurable titer.
Ruby 1.9.1 and JRuby currently lead the pack of Ruby implementations when it comes to performance. However, for various reasons, switching to either of these Ruby implementations might not be possible just yet, as Ruby 1.9.x breaks compatibility with 1.8.7 in some areas and JRuby still lacks some Ruby libs that use native extensions. With that in mind, MRI 1.8.x seems here to stay for the near future, so there's interested in improving its perfomance.
Brent Roman now brings a few performance improvements to Ruby 1.8.x MRI. He started out trying to fix memory leaks in Ruby, particularly in continuations:
The basic technique is a refinement of the one Kurt Stephens suggested. It not only eliminates the leaks in this one liner:
loop {@x=callcc{|c|c}}
but also in our multi-threaded robotics application. Our Ruby process used to grow to 20+ MB during a day-long run. The same run now stays smaller than 10MB.
As it turns out, the leaks are caused by GCC optimizations that interact badly with Ruby's conservative GC:
The garbage collector's leaking memory is not really its own fault. The trouble is that the 'C' machine stack is filled with object references. The main reason for this is that gcc compilers create overly large stack frames and do not initialize many values in them. Certain 'C' constructs used in the Ruby interpreter's core recursive expression evaluator generate especially large, sparse stack frames. The function rb_eval() is the worst offender, creating kilobyte sized stack frames for each invocation of a function that may call itself hundreds of times. This results in stacks that are hundreds of kilobytes, often full of old, dead object references that may never go away.
Brent has provided a few patches (against Ruby 1.8.7-patlevel72 which aim to fix these problems.
Testers report significant speedups with the patches while running real world Rails apps. A few issues were reported as well, so it remains to be seen where this goes.
These patches are another example of the open source (Ruby) community improving MRI. Mod_rails (or REE) is another example, which made MRI's Garbage Collector fork-friendly (see the linked news item for an explanation).
MRI's performance can also vary significantly depending on how it was compiled.
Are you planning on sticking with Ruby 1.8.x in 2009? If yes, what are the main reasons?
A photograph in an ISIS publication purports to show two men accused of theft under shari'a, about to be executed in an ISIS-controlled area of Aleppo province in Syria. (Photo: Islamic State News)
(CNSNews.com) – The Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant commonly carries out public executions in its Syrian stronghold on Fridays, forcing children to watch as victims are beheaded or shot at close range. Corpses are then displayed on crucifixes and decapitated heads exhibited on sticks for days afterwards.
The gruesome details are recorded in a new report released Wednesday by a U.N.-appointed independent panel investigating the Syrian conflict, now being described as “the world's worst humanitarian catastrophe.”
Amputations, the stoning to death of women by “ISIS-sanctioned” mobs, lashings with cables, and the recruitment of children as young as 10 to fight are among other abuses committed by ISIS, said the report, which is based on almost 500 interviews and documentary material, and focuses on the six-month period up to Jul. 15.
It also documented rights violations by the Assad regime, including murder, rape, torture, and the dropping of “barrel bombs” containing chlorine gas on civilian areas on at least eight separate occasions last April.
“Executions in public spaces have become a common spectacle on Fridays in Ar Raqqah and ISIS-controlled areas of Aleppo governorate,” the report stated, saying ISIS did this publicly to instill terror and ensure submission to its authority.
Victims, whose “crimes” are recited aloud before the killing, are accused of violating ISIS laws, affiliating with other groups, including the mainstream opposition Syrian National Coalition, or spying for the regime.
“ISIS justifies its executions by religious law,” it said.
Paulo Pinheiro, chairman of the independent commission of inquiry on Syria. (UN Photo/Violaine Martin)
The executions are carried out in public, and the victims' remains displayed afterwards, to create “an atmosphere of fear and terror,” the panel chairman, Brazilian lawyer Paulo Sergio Pinheiro, said at the report's release in Geneva.
“ISIS poses a clear and present danger to civilians, and particularly minorities, under its control in Syria and in the region,” he said.
Raqqa is the center of ISIS-held territory in Syria and the self-proclaimed capital of the “caliphate” it declared in areas it controls in Syria and Iraq last June.
The panel's report said that since declaring the caliphate, ISIS has succeeded in “attracting more experienced and ideologically motivated foreign fighters.”
ISIS enforces strict shari'a-based laws in Raqqa, and the report cited numerous cases of women being beaten for being “improperly dressed,” such as appearing in public with face uncovered.
“In some cases, victims were tied to a wooden board or crucifix and displayed publicly in the squares before being lashed.”
ISIS rule affected everything from freedom of movement to personal piety, with reports of men being flogged for not fasting during Ramadan.
“The imposition of a strict interpretation of shari'a law previously unseen in the Syrian Arab Republic, setting out regulations on all aspects of life from food to movement, employment and religious observance, has restricted basic freedoms, particularly for women.”
“ISIS inflicts severe physical or mental pain or suffering on civilian populations in areas under its control, as part of a widespread and systematic attack on the civilian population. There has been a rise in torture and the cruel, inhuman and degrading treatment of the civilian population in Ar Raqqah governorate.”
‘None of the ISIS fighters spoke Arabic'
Other abuses, which the panel said amount in some cases to crimes against humanity and war crimes, include the forced displacement of civilians.
In one such incident, ISIS fighters entering a village last March announced from the mosque minaret that all Kurdish residents should leave within two days or be killed, sparking an exodus.
Another episode cited in the report provided glimpses into both ISIS' brutality and sectarian hatred, and the confusion on the ground in the conflict zone.
ISIS fighters in May seized control of a traditionally Yazidi village in the country's far north-east and, assuming the residents to be Yazidis, starting killing them. But the jihadists did not realize that the Yazidis had fled earlier, to be replaced by Syrian Sunnis who had been displaced by fighting elsewhere.
Facing certain death, and “desperate to show that they were Muslims,” the Sunni inhabitants began to cite verses from the Qur'an – but “none of the ISIS fighters spoke Arabic.”
According to the report, citing survivors of the massacre, about 15 people had been killed by the time one Iraqi ISIS fighter was able to alert his comrades to the fact that they were killing Sunnis, not Yazidis.
The panel also reported that parties in the conflict continue to seize hostages, often women and children. Some are later traded for captured fighters although in some cases no ransom demands are issued, and the whereabouts of many abducted people remain unknown.
Among those still missing are four human rights activists seized near Damascus last December; Italian Jesuit priest Paolo Dall'Oglio, who disappeared in ISIS-controlled Raqqa in July 2013; and Greek Orthodox Bishop Boulos Yazigi and Syriac Orthodox Archbishop Yohanna Ibrahim, abducted at gunpoint near Syria's border with Turkey in April 2013.
“Dozens of journalists, both foreign and Syrian, remain in captivity, detained incommunicado because of their professional activities,” it said, noting that religious personnel and journalists enjoy specific protection under international humanitarian law.
The chances of finding yourself in a mass shooting are minuscule. But that doesn't mean you don't have an inherent right to self defense.
A few hours after Sunday's horrifying mass shooting in a Sutherland Springs Baptist church, a Fox News host asked the attorney general of Texas, Ken Paxton, “As a country, what do we do? How can we get our arms around this and stop this insanity?”
“The only thing I know, because you can't necessarily keep guns out of the hands of people who are going to violate the law … in Texas at least we have the opportunity to have concealed-carry,” Paxton answered. “And so if it's a place where somebody has the ability to carry, there's always the opportunity that gunman will be taken out before he has the opportunity to kill very many people.”
This comment, as you'd expect, triggered incredulous reactions from gun-control advocates. If there's anything that gets anti-gun types worked up — well, anything other than sending “thoughts and prayers” — it's the notion that a responsible gun owner can bring down a killer. As Newsweek put it, Paxton was perpetuating “a widely held, but deeply discredited theory that the only thing that stops a ‘bad guy' with a gun is a ‘good guy' with a gun.” Though an incontrovertible truth for many media, it's not really a “theory,” much less deeply discredited. It is a fact that the only real way to stop a “bad guy” with a gun is a “good guy” with a gun, whether that person be in law enforcement or a private citizen.
Much of the coverage of this topic is layered in a scientific veneer. Once you crunch the numbers, they say, self-defense simply isn't worth it. Studies done by the Violence Policy Center and other gun-control friendly groups bolster the idea that, statistically speaking, with a gun you are more likely to cause an accidental death than to stop someone from committing a crime.
First of all, we can't quantify how many would-be mass shooters or random criminals avoid situations where they anticipate guns might be firing back at them. Some of these studies also conflate criminality with accidents. Once a man is menacing his neighbor with a gun, he is engaged in illegal behavior and his actions are no longer unintended. Many of these studies also conflate home gun accidents (sometimes even suicides) with concealed-carry holders — the people most likely to stop a shooter outside of the home. It is incredibly rare that those who conceal carry break the law or have accidents, so dealing with them separately undermines the storyline.
If we're going to start making unscientific comparisons, though, then I would point out that I can't find an example of a single example of an accidental fatality by a gun-owning parishioner during a service at a church (or temple or mosque). Perhaps someone can point one out to me. I can think of at least two incidents off the top of my head in which church parishioners likely stopped a massacre because they had guns.
One was at the New Life Church in Colorado in 2007, when a woman named Jeanne Assam, part of a volunteer armed security team, shot an anti-Christian gunman who had already opened fire on parishioners and held a bag of weapons, 1,000 rounds, and a pipe bomb. The other was last year, when a 22-year-old church usher in Antioch, Tennessee named Robert Engle tackled a shooter and, despite head injuries, ran out to his car in the parking lot, grabbed a gun, and held the shooter at gunpoint until police arrived.
Even at the Sutherland Springs Baptist church, a man named Stephen Willeford managed to shoot Devin Kelley at the church, police officials said, and when the mass shooter fled Willeford asked another citizen, Johnnie Langendorff, to chase down Kelley, which he did until the gunman wiped out and shot himself. Perhaps Kelley was off to kill more. We don't know.
Many of the same people who tell you that mass shootings are rampant also treat you as some kind of paranoid, slack-jawed yokel for wanting to protect yourself, your family, and your community with a weapon. Now, chances are exceptionally low that you're going to need that weapon. That's because we live in a far more peaceful place than the news might let on. Yet we often engage in precautionary efforts for safety. Why shouldn't responsible gun owners who are fearful of these shootings practice their rights?
Many of the same people believe more gun control (regulations that rarely deal with the causes of mass shootings; in this case, the usual suspects have been demanding that we pass laws that already exist) will do more to protect citizens than a gun. I'd love to see the stats on how many lives a bump-stock ban would save. Maybe someone will run the numbers on how people fare without any weapons when faced with shooters compared to those who are armed. The fact is that the state can't even properly execute laws that are in place. Kelley was able to purchase firearms because the Air Force had failed to enter his assault conviction into a federal database. There will always be human error even if we pass laws inhibiting ownership.
Of course, there is no guarantee that a gun will keep you safe, either. Yet it's going to keep you safer than any restriction gun-control advocates float. Moreover, Americans have an inherent right to defend themselves, even if that notion is controversial these days.
Bailouts: the next step up?
Charles Wyplosz
Some European governments are contemplating bailouts of other European governments. This column argues that violating the Eurozone's no-bailout clause this soon would be a mistake. Much as it was necessary to let Lehman Brothers go down before bailing out the remaining banks, it may be necessary to let a profligate government default and ask for IMF assistance.
A few months ago, we were anxiously discussing whether governments should bail out banks. They did. And then they went into the business of bailing out car companies, just as central banks – a branch of government – started to lend directly or indirectly to the private sector. And now we start discussing whether governments should bail out… governments within the euro area.
Should some governments bailout other governments in Europe?
This is less revolutionary than it seems. After all, this is exactly what the IMF does and there is a long history of bilateral aid, some of it in emergency conditions. What is striking is that government bailouts are explicitly banned in the Maastricht Treaty. Of course, any piece of legislation can be circumvented and, surprising as it may be, rumor has it that the German government is already exploring clever ways to do so. When we remember that the no-bailout clause of the Treaty was a German request, we realize how desperate the situation is. Should we, indeed, cut our right arm after having cut the left one?
It may be surprising that governments – which routinely help each other via the IMF, the World Bank and other international organizations – have found it necessary to introduce the no-bailout clause within the euro area. One could have imagined the opposite, that intra-European solidarity is upped as the European Union becomes “ever closer”, in particular as countries decide to share the same currency. In some way it did, through the development of the Regional Funds, explicitly designed to redistribute income from richer to poorer regions. So, why then, the ban on mutual government assistance?
The logic of the no-bailout clause
The answer is pretty obvious: moral hazard. If a government knows that, under some circumstances, part of its expenditures will be paid for by other governments, then sooner or later it will take advantage of the arrangement. Given European governments' long history of dubious fiscal discipline, there is every reason to imagine that this would happen sooner rather than later. The seriousness of the moral hazard issue is hardly controversial. Indeed, all international loans are subject to strict conditions or rules designed to mitigate moral hazard. But that does not explain why the situation is so acute within the euro area that it requires a special clause.
The answer must be that moral hazard is compounded by the sharing of a currency. The fear is that a country's default would trigger a number of particularly harmful reactions that would spare no other euro area member country. For example, a default by the Greek government could lead international investors to run on other government debts. In fact lists are already widely discussed in banking circles, spilling into the media and blogs the world over. A default, or a string of defaults, could lead to massive capital outflows, weakening the euro and creating the risk of inflation at a time when the ECB is fighting the recession. Already fragile banks may suffer significant losses and tilt over into outright bankruptcy themselves, dragging each other below the floating line. But bankrupt governments cannot bail out bankrupt banks, even less carry on counter-cyclical policies. The only solution, then, would be massive money creation and its eventual outcome, massive inflation. Since price stability is a fundamental objective of the Single Currency, this scenario was felt as impossible to even contemplate, hence the no-bailout rule.
Rules and discretion: Should we violate the no-bailout rule?
As it is well-known from the rules vs. discretion literature, any black-and-white rule runs the risk of being extremely counter-productive under some circumstances. When the unexpected happens, the temptation to renege becomes huge. Here we are. The question, then, is whether the costs of reneging exceed the costs of upholding the rule. The answer is by no means obvious.
Bailing out one or more governments does not have to be financially costly to the lenders if they charge the market rate. This, presumably, is what lies behind the idea of issuing EU bonds. The cost, therefore, comes mainly from the moral hazard side. This would undoubtedly require the adoption of a strong version of the Stability and Growth Pact, since the current one, which replaces a previous version that failed, clearly did not succeed in pushing many countries toward fiscal discipline.
Given the many limitations of the pact, strengthening it would be a real cost in the aftermath of the crisis. To realize how counterproductive the pact can be, it is enough to observe how the Commission is too paralyzed by its desire to uphold the pact to play any constructive role in encouraging a coordination of fiscal policies. Better solutions, which focus instead on national institutions, are possible but unlikely to be considered after a bailout. The alternative to a strengthened pact is exacerbated moral hazard, which could eventually sap the monetary union.
Letting member-state governments default could create havoc of untold proportions, as noted above. Or could it? When they wrote the no-bailout clause, the Maastricht Treaty Founding Fathers were clearly impressed by the New York City affair of the 1970s. The City informed the State of New York that it was about to declare bankruptcy and would do so unless bailed out. The State informed the Federal Government that it too would default unless bailed out, which could destroy Wall Street and the US financial system. The Federal Government responded to the State of New York “please default”, a message that was then passed on to the Mayor. No one defaulted. And then, after the City had made substantial progress, the Federal Government provided a loan on which it subsequently made good profit. Even better, the City of New York has since become fiscally disciplined.
The no-bailout clause is much better than the Stability and Growth Pact provided that it is enforced when it is needed. T'is the time.
Let one of the profligate governments default
Much as it was necessary to let Lehman Brothers go down the pipe before bailing out the remaining banks, it may be necessary to let a profligate government default and ask for IMF assistance before punching a hole in the no-bailout clause.
Editors' note: This column is a Lead Commentary on Vox's Global Crisis Debate where you can find further discussion, and where professional economists are welcome to contribute their own Commentaries on this and other crisis-linked topics.
Robin Williams left American audiences one last gift to enjoy, and it feels right that the gift is an extremely excitable, exuberantly horny pup named Dennis. The late actor lent his vocal talents to the British alien comedy Absolutely Anything, a Simon Pegg vehicle written and directed by Monty Python's Terry Jones. John Cleese, Terry Gilliam, Michael Palin, and Eric Idle also contributed to the film, voicing the extraterrestrials that grant Pegg's character the ability to do, you guessed it, absolutely anything, including comprehend the very doglike advice of his pet. As Deadline points out, Monty Python's last feature film collaboration was 1983's The Meaning of Life. While British moviegoers had the opportunity to see the film last year, Absolutely Anything is set to finally open in the U.S. on May 12. Williams died in August 2014, three weeks after completing his work on the film, the trailer for which you can watch below.
Donald Trump's lawyers have repeatedly warned him not to contact his former national security adviser, Michael Flynn, who resigned in February after revelations that he lied about conversations with the Russian ambassador to the United States, and who remains under investigation by congressional committees, the FBI, and a federal grand jury. The attorneys reportedly expressed fears that any contact with Flynn could look like witness tampering or coordination.
It appears the President did not heed their advice.
Yahoo News reported Thursday that Flynn announced at a dinner in late April: “I just got a message from the president to stay strong.” It is not yet known if the message was a phone call, e-mail, text message or other form of communication.
The revelation comes just days after the New York Times revealed that Trump asked then-FBI Director James Comey to drop his investigation of Flynn, and emerging reports that Flynn intervened to stop a military operation against ISIS without revealing that he was on the payroll of the Turkish government, who opposed the strike. Other reports revealed that Flynn failed to properly register as a foreign agent, and failed to report more than a million dollars in income from Russian and Turkish sources.
Just over a week ago, the public learned from ousted Acting Attorney General Sally Yates that she tried to warn the Trump administration that Flynn was vulnerable to blackmail by the Russia government, warnings that fell on deaf ears. Reports Thursday alleged that the Trump's transition team—led by Vice President Mike Pence—was already aware that Flynn was under federal investigation when they brought him on board as White House national security adviser.
For now, Flynn is indeed staying strong.
His lawyers informed the Senate Intelligence Committee that he will refuse to honor their subpoena for his documents.
He has reportedly portrayed the investigations as a conspiracy against him by former Hillary Clinton aides as retribution for him leading a chant of “Lock her up” at the Republican National Convention. He previously announced he would be happy to testify before Congress in exchange for legal immunity, an offer that was swiftly rejected.
Well friends, UFC 119 is almost upon us and what a card it is. You've got Frank Mir vs. Mirko Cro Cop, Chris Lytle fighting Matt Serra, Ryan Bader knocking out Rogerio Nogueira in my prediction of that fight, and Melvin Guillard finally going up against Jeremy Stephens.
On the prelims, CB Dollaway will face Joe Doerksen and Joey Beltran will face Matt Mitrione.
Now not much is known about Joey Beltran because he's still new to the UFC, and Mitrione has only beaten Kimbo Slice and Marcus Jones, so this fight doesn't really appear as good as it actually is, but I think Mitrione is an underrated heavyweight and Beltran is also a tough guy.
Actually, the fight I propose has nothing to do with Beltran, but I would like to bring up Mitrione.
He's beaten two guys in his career, and Beltran will be the third fight in the books after UFC 119, but let's go wild for a second because there is one fight with Mitrione that I think would be an awesome fight as well as a defining moment for the career of Meathead.
So agree to disagree on this one and call me whatever you want for this, but could you imagine if the unthinkable happened, and Mitrione not only fought Fedor Emelianenko, but he knocked him out?
I actually find that possible, even for a guy like Mitrione, but hear me out before you go nuts about this.
First, I must stress the truth that I'm nothing like the ex-fans of Fedor who turned on him after Fabricio Werdum choked him out.
Honestly, I never cared for Fedor.
Don't get me wrong, he has fought former UFC Heavyweight Champions like Tim Sylvia and Andrei Arlovski, but who else has he beaten besides Brett Rogers?
I don't see a Frank Mir or a Randy Couture on his record, so for anyone to say he was ever the "pound-for-pound the best heavyweight in the world", it doesn't make sense.
How can you be the best pound-for-pound fighter in the world if you don't fight the best fighters in the world, which are in the UFC?
Also, if we're talking about a fight with Meathead, we do have to go to the Werdum fight to see that even if Fedor threw a hook or an uppercut, the Duke Roufus boy's Jiu-Jitsu could come into play once it hit the ground.
Fedor would be the more experienced fighter, but I also have to doubt that even the more experienced Fedor would have an edge against Mitrione, who has shown some improved stand-up from his time on The Ultimate Fighter's Heavyweights-only season, and I feel this stand-up is going to keep on improving.
Honestly, it wouldn't surprise me if even the stand-up game Mitrione has now was enough to TKO Fedor at least.
That loss Fedor suffered proved what all of us should've kept in mind from the start: Fedor is a man, and on any day, a man can be beaten even if he's the best.
I say he may not ever truly be considered the best until he joins the UFC, but that's just my opinion.
My opinion is also that if Brock Lesnar can beat Randy Couture after having only three professional career bouts, then what would be to say that Fedor couldn't get knocked out by a right hand or even a head kick from Mitrione, as I could see happening?
Sure, Mitrione could get knocked out by Fedor, but it would prove that while Fedor could be a UFC Heavyweight that is still a healthy and still promising fighter, it's still questionable whether or not he could deliver when it counted, which would be against an elite top-ten UFC Heavyweight.
Again, this is just my opinion. Now, for the signature question:
What do you guys think of this fight?
Agree to disagree, but I think a Matt Mitrione-Fedor Emelianenko fight would be a fun fight to watch.
It'd be so much fun, that I actually don't see the obvious favorite winning this fight, but maybe he does win the fight.
What do you guys think -- does Matt Mitrione have any shot to do what few have done and knock Fedor out?
Once again, the time has come to Agree To Disagree!
Want more Agree To Disagree? Join Agree To Disagree on Facebook.
Donald Trump continues to double down on controversial remarks he made during the first presidential debate Monday night, giving his rival, Hillary Clinton, and her supporters more ammunition to attack.
Much of the attention has gone to his disparaging comments about former Miss Universe Alicia Machado, but Trump's contention that he has simply been "smart" to pay little to no federal income tax has quickly become a fixture in Democrats' anti-Trump playbook -- one aimed directly at middle-class voters.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump denies campaign strife after debate 7:46 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
When Clinton accused Trump of paying no income taxes at the debate, Trump said, "that would make me smart."
Trump has yet to deny that he does not pay taxes - or affirm that he does.
Instead he told Fox News Host Bill O'Reilly Wednesday night that not paying taxes “would make me smart because tax is a big payment.”
Trump has refused to release his most recent years' tax returns, blaming an IRS audit. But he hasn't released earlier years that are no longer under audit, either. Reporters have found five years' worth of Trump's tax returns and he paid no federal income taxes two of those years.
As Trump continues to defend his comments, the Clinton campaign has more incentive to use it against him. And they are.
Related: Donald Trump's Campaign is Quietly Shouting About Clinton Sex Scandals
In four out of five campaign events since the debate, Clinton and her surrogates have woven Trump's tax comment into their stump speeches, mocking the major party presidential candidate who is worth at least hundreds of millions of dollars and perhaps billions and advocated not paying taxes.
"I think there's a strong possibility he hasn't paid federal taxes in a lot of years," Clinton said in Raleigh, N.C. the day after the debate. "If not paying taxes makes him smart, what does that make all the rest of us?"
First Lady Michelle Obama used the attack twice in Pennsylvania Wednesday.
“So if a candidate is erratic and threatening, if a candidate traffics in prejudice, fears, and lies on the campaign trail, if a candidate thinks that not paying taxes makes you smart,” don't trust the candidate, Obama said in Philadelphia and in Pittsburgh.
And Vice President Joe Biden knocked Trump as well – also in Philadelphia.
“He acknowledged that he didn't pay taxes because he said ... because he's smart; makes him smart," Biden said Tuesday.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed 'Fatal numbers': Donald Trump trailing among independent female voters 1:58 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The Clinton campaign released a digital video from the debate using that clip with that caption that Trump is someone “who will fight for himself.”
And the super PAC backing Clinton, Priorities USA, released a digital ad on social media platforms in four states Clinton needs to win - Ohio, North Carolina, Florida and Pennsylvania, playing the same clip from the debate. The six-figure digital ad is part of the super PAC's $35 million digital strategy.
“We plan to continue holding Donald Trump accountable for the fact that he stiffed our troops, veterans, schools and more by paying zero dollars in in federal income taxes and then having the audacity to brag about it,” Justin Barasky, spokesman for Priorities USA, said.
“The fact that there are so many local players on the team will make this weekend's victories even sweeter. You are BALTIMORE COUNTY'S team!”
Greater Baltimore's top elected leaders have joined forces to wish the Towson men's lacrosse team great success in this weekend's NCAA Lacrosse Championship being held at Gillette Stadium in Foxborough, Massachusetts. The Tigers face Ohio State in a tournament semifinal clash on Saturday, May 27, at noon.
Baltimore County Executive Kevin Kamenetz and Baltimore City Mayor Catherine E. Pugh joined Baltimore City Council President Jack Young and the entire Baltimore City Council in congratulating Head Coach Shawn Nadelen and the men's lacrosse team on a “truly magical season.”
“We certainly take extra pride in knowing that you are not only representing the entire state, but our home county as well,” Kamenetz said in a letter to the team. “The fact that there are so many local players on the team will make this weekend's victories even sweeter. You are BALTIMORE COUNTY'S team!”
Pugh issued a Certificate of Recognition on behalf of the citizens of Baltimore.
“In recognition of your advancement to the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I Men's Lacrosse semi-finals,” the May 26, 2017, proclamation read. “You continue to contribute to your university's legacy in the field of lacrosse.
“It is with pride and enthusiasm that the citizens of Baltimore join other lacrosse fans in witnessing your journey to victory,” the proclamation concluded.
Young and the City Council issued a similar resolution wishing the Tigers well.
“To the Towson University Men's Lacrosse Team, in recognition of your team's…appearance in the NCAA lacrosse final four.” the City Council resolution stated, “The entire membership extends best wishes on this memorable occasion.”
Towson President Kim Schatzel expressed her appreciation for the strong show of support the team and university have received.
“I want to thank County Executive Kamenetz, Mayor Pugh and City Council President Young—the region's top elected leaders—for supporting and cheering on the Towson Tigers, Greater Baltimore's premier collegiate sports team,” Schatzel said.
“All of us at Towson University are incredibly proud of Coach Nadelen and our men's lacrosse team,” she added. “They have brought tremendous excitement to our campus and to all Tiger Nation. I am eager to join the team and our fans in Foxborough to cheer us on to victory. Go Tigers!”
TU reached its first NCAA Championship Weekend since the 2001 campaign after knocking off second-seeded Syracuse, 10-7, last Sunday in Newark, Delaware. The Tigers are making their third NCAA semifinal appearance since elevating to Division I in 1980, joining the 1991 and 2001 squads.
Saturday's clash is a rematch for the Tigers, who fell to Ohio State, 6-3, in a bitterly cold matchup in March at Unitas Stadium. After winning the CAA title on May 6, Towson moved up in the national polls. In the final USILA coaches' poll, Towson was ranked No. 11. In the Inside Lacrosse media poll, the Tigers moved up one spot from the previous week, to No. 12.
The final media poll will be released at the conclusion of the NCAA Tournament.
With a win over Ohio State tomorrow, the Tigers would meet the winner of the Maryland–Denver semifinal on Monday, May 29, at 1 p.m.
I really like the TV show "Grimm", but what I really love are TV show openings. I think it's why I like movie trailers so much - because it boils the promise of the movie into a brief 30-second bite. There's a lot of artistry there, to condense so much material into a solid narrative without giving away the good parts or spoiling anything (as which often happens). Unfortunately, when I started watching the second season of "Grimm", I wasn't seeing old world artistry in the teaser. Let's start from the beginning. (I haven't found the opening posted online yet).
The teaser opens up on main character Nick, with the line, "There once was a man who lived a life so strange it had to be true." Ummm . . . okay. So if I see a man on the street ranting about strange creatures named the Blutbad, the Lowen and the Seltenvogel, I'm going to be assumed he's telling the truth and not having too much fun at Oktoberfest. To be fair, this part, like much of the opening teaser, is trying to invoke a fairy tale feel.
The next part of the narration does a good job carrying out this fairy tale vibe - "Only he can see what no one else can." But then it follows it up with line. "The darkness inside. The real monster within." And this is where the opening really, really starts to bother me. The images show the main character's ally Monroe with half of his face in his Blutbad form, followed by the old film reel of Adolf Hitler turning into a Wesen creature (one of the my favorite moments from last season ) and lastly the shot of Nick's girlfriend Juliette waking up with black eyes.
The problem is, according to the premise, the Wessen aren't monsters, at least, not in the traditional sense. The Wessen are half-human hybrids of popular fairy tale creatures, like the Big Bad Wolf and the Three Little Pigs, all ripped right from the tales of the Brothers Grimm (which, according to the premise, were Wessen hunters). It's Nick's job to hunt down the bad ones, and series has more than a few good Wessen. The opening misses the point when it puts two of the main characters - Nick's Wessen friend Monroe as well as Nick's girlfriend Juliette (who isn't even a Wessen, but instead, under a witch's spell) - next to a slide of Adolf friggin' Hitler!
Although there are a couple shots of Juliette and Monroe working alongside Nick, I still don't like the Wessen as described as "the darkness inside". They are, for the most part, not vampires or werewolves, with some insidious drive to kill inside. The closest to that trope is Monroe, who is a reformed Big Bad Wolf, largely in control of his animal urges. Most of the monsters Nick faces have motivations he is all too familiar with as a cop - greed and corruption.
It's a little nitpick, but there's also a shot of Nick's police co-worker Sgt. Wu from last season, where Wu accidentally ate a cookie left by a witch-like Hexenbeast. Wu looks in pretty bad shape in the shape, with boils all over his face. He gets better, thanks to some help from Nick, Monroe and their friend Rosallee. This teaser, however, might leave some viewers to think he's dead.
My main problem with the teaser is it does a pretty poor job of introducing the characters and world of the "Grimm" to a new viewer. The opening contains vague if not misleading references to what the Wessen are, and makes Nick out to be more of a monster hunter out to kill them all rather than a cop out for justice. Granted, the premise of "Grimm" is hard explain in a thirty second sound-byte (or even a two-hour premiere). Still, the narration totally misses the mark, leading me to hope this new season hits the bullseye better than the opening.
While we're on the subject, what are some of your favorite and least-favorite TV show opens? How do you sum up the premise in a catchy teaser or theme song?
(That's it for this rant. Check out a new Blue Yonder Wednesday)
It had been 26 days since Chris Bosh -- or the Miami Heat -- commented publicly and directly about his health status.
The Heat hasn't even provided an official reason for his absence, just listing him as "out" on the game notes, and not taking any questions on the subject.
Bosh has provided some social media hints, most recently on Tuesday, when he posted a photo of basketball shoes, in what appeared to be the Miami Heat's facility. And while reporters have largely been respecting his privacy, that message prompted some of us in the media to reach out to the Heat again for some sort of update.
The Heat didn't provide one; the team has been ready to put out a statement for more than three weeks, but has deferred to Bosh and his family. That's an important distinction here -- the statement that was released Thursday came from the Rubenstein P.R. agency, which also does some work for Dwyane Wade, and was not on Heat letterhead. That matters. It doesn't necessarily mean that the Heat is in disagreement with anything that Bosh wrote, but it also means that it isn't officially endorsing it either.
This should be noted: the Heat has repeatedly made it clear, behind the scenes, that even if Bosh feels he is ready to play, the team will not clear him to get back on the court for an actual game if it feels he is at any risk.
Now here's the statement....
“I know there have been many questions regarding my health and when I will play again. My situation this year has never been life-threatening."
COMMENT: This unequivocal announcement is the good news. The first concern should be for Bosh's long-term health.
"I am feeling great and currently I do not have deep-vein thrombosis."
COMMENT: The word "currently" is critical. As the Herald reported, he did have that condition in his calf. We had heard that the clot had dissipated, and the above sentence appears to confirm that.
“Together with the Miami HEAT, I am working with doctors, exploring the best precautionary treatment options and taking every necessary step to make sure I am healthy for myself, my family and my team."
COMMENT: The use of capital letters for HEAT stands out, because that is how the organization refers to itself when it releases its own statements. It suggests some communication and collaboration here -- or, at least, it may be meant to give that impression. Also, the word "precautionary" suggests that, whatever the condition was, it has cleared, and the goal now is preventing it from happening again. But can that be accomplished without blood thinners, which (according to every doctor we've consulted) would prevent him from playing, because of the risk of a contact injury.
"I have been working out, training with the team, watching film of the games, walking through plays and have attended home games despite not being visible to the public."
COMMENT: Heat players have spoken about this, and have been happy to have him around. Also, we've seen his warmup jersey and other team-related items (like scouting reports) in his locker.
“I will continue to support my teammates in every way possible. I remain positive that I will be able to return this season. I truly appreciate everyone's concern and support.”
COMMENT: The word "positive" is confusing here. I took it to mean "optimistic." Others took it to mean "certain." Again, even if he's certain, the Heat will have some say in that, as they are intent on doing the responsible thing.
Hundreds protest deputy's fatal shooting of Santa Rosa teen
Santa Rosa Police Lt. Paul Henry gave an initial outline of the encounter to a roomful of reporters at the Finley Community Center on Wednesday afternoon. He also focused his remarks on the dangerous likeness between the airsoft gun and the assault-style weapon after which it's modeled.
"The deputy's mindset was that he was fearful that he was going to be shot," said Henry, whose department is investigating the shooting.
The BB gun, designed to closely resemble its deadly cousin, was in Lopez's hand when two Sonoma County sheriff's deputies on routine patrol spotted the youth walking Tuesday afternoon on Moorland Avenue, Henry said.
The deputies pulled up behind Lopez, got out and called out to the boy to drop the gun, with their weapons drawn and from the cover of their open doors, he said.
Lopez, who had been walking on the sidewalk and carrying the BB gun in his left hand, turned toward the deputy and his partner, raising the barrel of the gun toward them, Henry said. Lopez was 20 to 30 feet from the deputies.
One deputy fired several shots at Lopez within seconds of calling out the commands, Henry said. At least one shot struck the boy and he fell to the ground.
Henry did not say how many shots were fired, how many shots struck Lopez or where he was hit. An autopsy is scheduled for today, he said.
On a table beside the podium at the Finley Center, a Santa Rosa police official unzipped two black cases and held up two guns for the group to see.
One was a real AK-47-style rifle. The other was the plastic airsoft gun Lopez carried on a sidewalk at the edge of an empty lot in southwest Santa Rosa.
The firearm and airsoft rifle appeared remarkably similar, with matching black banana clips and brown stocks.
Yet in the light of the Finley Center the model Lopez carried was clearly plastic with a transparent center section. The BB gun also had a shorter barrel. Henry noted that the orange or red tip often found on toy guns appeared to be missing from the model Lopez carried.
Henry said investigators were still piecing together each step of the encounter through interviews with the deputies, neighborhood witnesses, dispatchers and other personnel.
The incident began just before 3:15 p.m. when the deputies radioed for backup and stopped to contact the boy. It appears they weren't aware he was a juvenile, Henry said.
The airsoft weapon was in Lopez's left hand as he walked north on Moorland, Henry said. Henry said there was no language barrier that would have prevented Lopez from understanding the deputies.
Lopez was walking from his home to the residence of a close friend, Luis Diaz, also 13, when he was spotted by the deputies. Diaz said he also has an airsoft gun, which fires small plastic BBs.
The gun that Lopez carried was an airsoft that belonged to another friend, according to Diaz. He said the last time Lopez used the gun, "it fell and like the whole front of it broke in half so you could see the wires coming out ... You could tell it's fake, easily."
Lopez was wearing a blue hooded sweatshirt and shorts and carrying the BB gun in his left hand, which was at his side, Henry said.
Batch 37 voting is now open. The following polls are currently open:
Batch 37
Batch 36
Batch 35
Batch 34
Batch 33
Batch 32
Batch 31
Batch 30 results will be up soon.
The full list of matchups for today is:
Illicit Auction vs Obsidian Battle-Axe
Blurred Mongoose vs Flowstone Strike
Ghazbán Ogress vs Burning Sands
Ebony Owl Netsuke vs Zuberi, Golden Feather
Aphetto Grifter vs Strength in Numbers
Frantic Search vs Suffocation
Fungus Elemental vs Piracy Charm
Black Sun's Zenith vs Chasm Skulker
Torch Song vs Iron Star
Evolution Vat vs Mindstatic
Charcoal Diamond vs Reprocess
Granny's Payback vs Seeds of Innocence
Rotted Hystrix vs Vampire Nocturnus
Fanatical Devotion vs Avatar of Woe
Molting Skin vs Skittering Crustacean
Tempt with Glory vs Glittering Wish
Benthicore vs Ith, High Arcanist
Sejiri Refuge vs Kinsbaile Borderguard
Preeminent Captain vs Warped Physique
Gloom vs Marsh Hulk
Scattering Stroke vs Fungal Sprouting
Reweave vs Shadow Rider
Power Surge vs Spin into Myth
Cutthroat il-Dal vs Purify
Obelisk of Bant vs An-Zerrin Ruins
Hoard-Smelter Dragon vs Obelisk of Grixis
Grisly Salvage vs Dakmor Lancer
Immolating Glare vs Trumpet Blast
Skeleton Shard vs Goblin Ringleader
Hada Spy Patrol vs Fated Infatuation
Goblin Glider vs Highway Robber
Slayer's Stronghold vs Rockslide Elemental
On January 14th, David Brat, the college professor who defeated House Majority Leader Eric Cantor on Tuesday, in a Republican primary in Virginia, was reading the Wall Street Journal's opinion section when the premise of his improbable campaign was revealed to him.
Randall Stephenson, the C.E.O. of AT&T, had recently been named chairman of the Business Roundtable, a pro-Republican group that is made up of C.E.O.s from major American companies and has spent well over a hundred million dollars lobbying Congress during the past decade. Stephenson was a good fit for the organization. AT&T is known as a G.O.P.-leaning company; in their political donations, its political-action committees and employees have favored Republicans over Democrats almost two to one in the past two election cycles. Stephenson's piece, which came after a year of Tea Party-inspired upheaval in the House, was called “A Business Short List for Growth,” and in it he laid out his group's policy agenda for Congress in 2014. At the top of the list for Stephenson was “stability,” by which he meant an end to the crisis policymaking that has regularly threatened a government shutdown or debt default in recent years.
Brat, a free-market purist and a devotee of Ayn Rand, read the op-ed and turned to his wife. As he recounted several times on the trail this spring, he told her, “This guy just wrote my stump speech for me!” What was useful to Brat about the Wall Street Journal article was not that it echoed his own views, but that it clarified for him everything that Cantor was for and that Brat was against. “Stability,” for Brat, was simply code for a status quo in which companies like AT&T fleece the government.
From what I've observed, Brat has not talked like a forty-seven-per-cent conservative complaining about how tax dollars are being shovelled to the undeserving poor (although maybe he does believe that and didn't emphasize it in the campaign). He comes across, instead, like a ninety-nine-per-cent conservative who sees the real villain as corporate America and its addiction to government largesse. One of his biggest applause lines is about how bankers should have gone to jail after the 2008 financial crisis. Brat is the Elizabeth Warren of the right.
The divisions within the Republican Party since 2010 are not always obvious from the shorthand we commonly use: Tea Party versus establishment, conservatives versus moderates, outsiders versus insiders. Brat's stump speech, inspired by the country's top corporate-lobbying group, was notable for the clarity with which it defined these often opaque categories. Eric Cantor “is running on the Chamber of Commerce growth plan,” Brat told a small gathering at the Life Church in Hanover, Virginia, last April. “The Chamber of Commerce, the Business Roundtable. If you're in big business, he's good for you. But if you're in any other group, it's not good for you.”
What Wall Street was asking from Washington was, “Just keep it stable for us so we can make profits.” Brat went on:
I'm an economist. I'm pro-business. I'm pro-big business making profits. But what I'm absolutely against is big business in bed with big government. And that's the problem.
Put aside for a second whether it's actually true that a C.E.O.'s plea for an end to fiscal brinksmanship is actually a mask for extracting corporate subsidies. The more interesting phenomenon is that, for Tea Party conservatives, the Wall Street Journal's editorial page had morphed into the voice of the enemy.
In his campaign against Cantor, Brat turned every issue into a morality tale about big business cheating ordinary Americans. He attacked Cantor for supporting the farm bill (“Do those billions of dollars go to the small American farmer? No, they go to huge agribusiness, right? Big business again.”), the flood-insurance bill (“Who does that go to? A lot of the money goes to gazillionaires on both coasts who have homes in nice real-estate locations.”), and the STOCK Act, an effort to stop insider trading by congressmen, which Cantor gutted by including an exception for spouses. In his Stephenson-inspired stump speech, Brat was more worked up about the STOCK Act than anything else. He promised, “If you tell your friends or neighbors about this issue, I will be your next congressman!”
Granted, at the core of Brat's ideology is an unvarnished belief, one that does not maintain majority support in any recent national poll that I have encountered, that the government should return to its pre-New Deal roots. This is not surprising. He's a libertarian. But his message, which today is being embraced by Tea Party candidates around the country, is also sharply different from the Romney-Ryan view of limited government celebrated by Republicans in 2012.
Instead of lecturing the most vulnerable about the moral beauty of the marketplace, Brat targets the most well off. “Free markets!” he declared in Hanover, like a teacher about to reveal the essence of the lesson. “In a nutshell, what does it mean?”
It means no one is shown favoritism. Everyone is treated equally. Every firm, every business, and you compete fairly. And no one, if you're big or small, is shown special attention. And we're losing that.
If this sounds familiar, it's because it's the kind of rhetoric that Ralph Nader, and even Noam Chomsky, have used for many years to pillory the government for protecting the rich and the well connected from the vagaries of the free market.
By the end of the campaign, immigration reform, another policy championed by Stephenson in his op-ed, had become Brat's most visible point of attack against Cantor. But even here, Brat framed the issue within his larger argument about corporate welfare, arguing that the Senate bill would reward big business with a stream of cheap labor at the expense of American workers. (And anyone who followed the debate over the Senate bill knows that it was larded with favors for big corporations.)
Of course, Brat is hardly the first Republican to articulate a conservative-populist case against big business—that element has been present in the Tea Party since its inception. But it's important to note that his astonishing victory last night over the sitting Majority Leader was not just about amnesty. As far as I have seen, it was not an anti-immigrant campaign specifically capitalizing on nativist sentiment. Brat ran an anti-Wall Street and an anti-corporate-welfare campaign, and it won't be the last one.
Cantor was oblivious to the wave that was building back in his district, in the suburbs of Richmond. On the morning of the election, he was at a Washington coffee shop raising money from lobbyists.
Photograph by P. Kevin Morley/Richmond Times-Dispatch/AP.
NCAA Grants Sirk Eligibility Extension
Courtesy: Duke Sports Information
Release:
DURHAM, N.C. – Duke quarterback Thomas Sirk has been granted an extension of eligibility by the NCAA. Based on the ruling, Sirk is eligible to participate in the 2017 football season.
“I'm so grateful to have a sixth year to continue my dream of playing college football and, academically, work towards another degree from Duke University,” Sirk said.
Sirk did not play for the Blue Devils this year, which was scheduled to serve as his fifth season of eligibility. He suffered a partial tear of his left Achilles tendon during a practice on August 25. Despite the injury, he was elected as a team captain for the 2016 season. Sirk had ruptured his left Achilles tendon on February 9 of 2016 and missed the 2013 campaign after suffering a ruptured right Achilles tendon in April of that year.
A 6-4, 220-pound native of Glen St. Mary, Fla., Sirk started 12 games in 2015 and completed 251-of-427 (.588) passes for 2,625 yards with 16 touchdowns and eight interceptions while rushing for a team-best 803 yards and eight scores on 163 attempts. Sirk's 3,428 total offensive yards rank as the second highest single-season total in school history, trailing only Anthony Dilweg's 3,713 yards in 1988.
In the ACC, Sirk finished the 2015 season ranking third in total offensive yards per game (285.7), fifth in passing yards per game (218.8) and 10th in rushing yards per game (66.9). In addition, he guided an offense that was one of just three units in the league to rank among the conference's top five in scoring offense, total offense, rushing offense and passing offense, joining Clemson and North Carolina.
Sirk guided Duke to a 44-41 overtime win over Indiana in the 2015 New Era Pinstripe Bowl by compiling 318 yards of total offense while rushing for two touchdowns and throwing for a third score and was named the game's co-MVP along with running back Shaun Wilson.
#GoDuke
New Behringer analog keyboard – what the heck is it?
Approximate reading time: 1 Minute
Behringer new analog keyboard? · Source: Behringer Previous Next
Behringer have posted a revealing image of the guts of their latest analog keyboard project. The post asks us “can you guess?” Well, can you?
Behringer PCB tease
What stands out in the image is the row of sliders. These were most commonly used by Roland synthesizers, which makes you think of the Juno 106. But of course the DeepMind 12 has the whole Juno thing going on so it's unlikely to be that. If it's not Roland then perhaps the Arp 2600 has a similar amount of sliders going on.
Perhaps the thing that gives it away is the what looks like an XLR socket mounted on the to the top PCB to the right of the jack sockets. An XLR socket on a synth can mean only one thing – vocoder. So pulling up an image of the Roland VP-330 reveals a similar amount of sliders – although back-to-front. Maybe the PCB is round the wrong way in the photo.
Well comments are flying on the original post – feel free to post your thoughts in our comments below. Would a cheap Roland vocoder clone be an exciting prospect? Let us know.
Original post here.
Israeli factories based in settlements on the West Bank have been forced to cut back production as a growing Palestinian boycott movement begins to take effect.
The boycott, endorsed by the Palestinian president, Mahmoud Abbas, was given further momentum this week when a campaign to clear supermarket shelves of produce originating in settlements was rolled out in Ramallah.
"The objective is to ensure the Palestinian market is free of Israeli settlement produce by the end of this year," the Palestinian prime minister, Salam Fayyad, said at the launch of the Store to Store campaign at the Alameen supermarket.
A team of volunteers will inspect 66,000 stores across the West Bank in the coming weeks, awarding certificates and window stickers to those free of settlement produce.
After a period of grace, shopkeepers retaining such produce in their stores could be liable to a fine of more than £9,000 or up to five years in prison under a law already passed but not yet enforced by the Palestinian legislative council.
"This is the daily expression of rejection of the occupation," Fayyad said. "It will help ensure that the Palestinian economy is self-sufficient. There will not be a store in Palestine which cannot carry our stickers."
The pro-boycott campaigners are careful to draw a distinction between produce from West Bank settlements, which are illegal under international law, and produce originating from within Israel. The latter will continue to be sold in Palestinian shops.
The campaign has been attacked by Israeli politicians, businesses and commentators. "The Palestinians are opposing economic peace and are taking steps that in the end hurt themselves," the Israeli prime minister, Binyamin Netanyahu, said last month.
The West Bank market is worth around $200m (£133m) a year to Israeli businesses. But some settlement factories sell about 30% of their output to the Palestinian market, and the boycott is already having an impact on them.
Seventeen factories in Mishor Adumim, a large industrial estate between East Jerusalem and Jericho, have reportedly closed since the boycott campaign began. Some settlement factories are reported to be considering moving back into Israel.
Others in the Barkan industrial zone, near the settlement of Ariel, have reduced production, according to David Ha'ivri of the Shomron regional council, a pro-settler organisation in the northern West Bank. "Many of the factories are seeking alternative markets," he said.
A factory producing aluminium window frames, which used to sell 30% of its output to the Palestinian market, had cut the hours of its 160 employees rather than lay people off, he said.
More than half the 5,000-6,000 employees in the Barkan zone are Palestinian, employed under Israeli labour legislation and entitled to the Israeli minimum wage of around $1,000 a month – considerably more than the average wage in the West Bank economy.
"[The boycott] is an unwise act by the Palestinian Authority," said Ha'ivri. "The damage caused will be felt by both sides. They're cutting off the branch they're sitting on."
The Palestinian Authority has established a $50m fund to provide alternative employment and grants in an effort to both discourage Palestinians from working in the settlements and foster the West Bank economy.
According to the Manufacturers Association of Israel, some 22,000 Palestinians are employed by settlement businesses – in construction, agriculture, manufacturing and service industries.
It is holding an extraordinary meeting this week to ascertain the impact of the boycott and consider what action to take.
Dan Catarivas of the association said firms were more concerned about the withdrawal of Palestinian labour than the boycott of goods, although the impact was uneven.
"These Israeli firms will have to find new workers – either Israelis or foreigners. But at the end of the day the Israeli companies will find other options, and the Palestinian workers will be left without jobs."
He said the Israeli government had offered incentives to firms to establish factories in the West Bank, and it was possible that some of them may now seek compensation for their losses.
The Palestinian Authority said it was pleased with the level of support for the boycott, put in a recent survey at around 85%. Fayyad said it was "empowering the people" to resist the Israeli occupation without resorting to violence. "People feel national pride that they can participate in this campaign," a spokesman said.
The boycott is part of a wider attempt to foster non-violent resistance against Israel's occupation, including largely peaceful demonstrations against the separation barrier.
Internationally, the boycott is gaining momentum. European Union guidelines urge supermarkets to clearly mark the origin of produce on labels to allow consumers to distinguish between Palestinian, Israeli and settlement produce.
The Alameen supermarket owner, Erekat Ribhi Shukar, insisted Palestinian produce was competitive in terms of quality and price with settlement goods. "We should support Palestinian producers to help our economy," he said beneath a sign declaring "My conscience is clear – my store is clean of settlement produce".
At the rear of the store, two young women shoppers examining a chiller cabinet containing Palestinian and Israeli dairy products but no settlement goods said they backed the campaign. "We want products that benefit our economy, not harm it," said one.
Go back in time to Summer 2012. I was ready to write off RIM and the Blackberry platform as a part of IT history but not part of IT's future. I was wrong. Yes, there it is; I admit being wrong about Blackberry and RIM. RIM didn't give up and I'm glad that they didn't. I don't own a Blackberry anymore but I'll tell you one important thing about RIM's Blackberry: It's the most secure mobile platform. It's secure enough to gain the US Government's seal of approval.
Is it enough to bring RIM back from the brink of extinction?
I think so, although many industry analysts disagree.
My reasoning goes like this: Security is of utmost concern for businesses. Blackberry devices are the most secure. Therefore, businesses will again adopt Blackberry as the standard mobile phone platform. In fact, I foresee a lot of companies allowing BYOD as long as the "D" that you're bringing into the hallowed corporate halls is Blackberry branded.
Yes, I realize that Blackberry devices only make up about one percent of all mobile devices but that number will grow exponentially when CXOs wake up and smell the sweet aroma of its enhanced security.
Now, you might argue that no one is really hacking Blackberrys since they only have a small market share but think of that market share. Military, government and those who are concerned with security. Great targets for hack attempts, don't you think?
Well, there's a problem. Blackberry comes out of the box more secure than the most hardened version of iPhone or Android that you can produce on your own.
Blackberry Devices have five significant security features that make them the clear choice for anyone who wants or needs a secure mobile platform.
"Blackberry devices only make up about one percent of all mobile devices but that number will grow exponentially when CXOs wake up and smell the sweet aroma of its enhanced security."
Blackberry Password - This is your device password and you set it under Settings -> Security and Privacy -> Device Password. What makes the Blackberry password significant is that unlike iPhone and Android, you can use letters, numbers, caps and symbols, which makes the password almost impossible to guess. An additional security measure related to this password: If you forget your password, you can reset it but it also wipes your device's data. So, you don't have to worry if your device is lost or stolen. No one can steal your data without your password. Blackberry ID - Kind of like an Apple ID but better, your Blackberry ID remembers all of your settings and apps so switching devices is easy. The security part of the Blackberry ID is that it allows you to protect the parts of your Blackberry that you want to protect. Blackberry Protect - In the same realm as Apple's iCloud, Blackberry Protect allows you to locate your Blackberry, lock it, play a sound to locate it and wipe it remotely, if needed. If your device is lost or stolen, the culprit has to enter your Blackberry Password to disable Protect. Blackberry Balance - Because RIM knows about BYOD, your new Blackberry OS comes ready to serve your personal and your professional lives. You get two workspaces: personal and work. They're separate and distinct entities. And there's no need to fret about Big Brother watching you. When you're not at work, use your Personal phone for anything you want. At work, switch to your Work phone and let the corporate IT storm troopers have their way with it. Blackberry 10 is BYOD ready and BYOD friendly. Application Permissions - Application Permissions is a security feature that's built in to Blackberry 10 so that you can intelligently manage what things you allow your apps to "see." Location is one example. What if you don't want a camera app to know your location? You don't have to allow it. It's all about how much you want those pesky apps to know about you.
I don't know about you but I'm convinced that RIM has done a good job--make that a great job of creating a secure and a BYOD ready mobile platform.
To RIM: I am glad you're back. Godspeed.
To CXOs: You should definitely consider the Blackberry as the platform of choice for allowing users to share devices between work and personal use.
To BYODers: You should be happy that there's a mobile device that's made to be secure and allow you to use it at work. You now have a fully separate environment--one to play in and one to work in.
What do you think of RIM's newest release of the Blackberry OS and the new Blackberry device lineup? I have to say that I'm pretty darn impressed.
What improvements or changes would you like to see before you'd give up your Android or iPhone? Talk back and let me know.
See Also:
BlackBerry, Nokia: Recovering or collapsing? By the numbers
BlackBerry 10 is the first BlackBerry to fully support BYOD
BlackBerry 10 essentials: What you need to know
BlackBerry 10 and the Z10: 10 things I like and 5 things I don't
Frequent use of over-the-counter anti-bacterial ointments in the United States may be leading to a new, antimicrobial resistant strain of MRSA, a study published Wednesday in Emerging Infectious Diseases, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's monthly peer-reviewed journal.
Japanese researchers made the finding after testing 259 MRSA strains for susceptibility to bacitracin and neomycin, two of the antibacterial ingredients commonly found in over-the-counter ointments like Neosporin and Polysporin. Resistance to bacitracin and neomycin was only found in USA300, a type of MRSA found in the United States.
Masahiro Suzuki, with the Aichi Prefectural Institute of Public Health in Nagoya, Japan, said the triple antibiotic ointment is rarely used outside North America. That led his research team to conclude there may be a link between the frequent use of the over-the-counter treatment and the MRSA strain becoming antibiotic-resistant.
“People should understand that triple antibiotic is not almighty, and avoid preventive or excessive use of this ointment,” Suzuki said in an e-mail to CNN.
MRSA, methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus, results most commonly in skin infections. It used to be mainly transmitted in hospitals but is now increasingly acquired in community settings like athletic facilities. For some a MRSA infection can be deadly.
MRSA resulted in 278,000 hospitalizations and more than 18,000 deaths in 2005, according to one study, with most of those infections coming from health care facilities. An estimated 1.5% of the U.S. population – more than 4 million Americans – are now carriers of the bacteria.
MRSA infections have been a problem in hospitals for more than four decades, but a recent study suggests the infection rate is declining in the United States. MRSA is resistant to common antibiotics like penicillin and amoxicillin.
The USA300 strain of MRSA can still be treated with vancomycin and other drugs, but doctors in the United States should be aware “the ointment therapy may not be effective in USA300 infections,” Suzuki said.
To prevent MRSA in health care facilities, the CDC recommends doctors, nurses and other health care providers wash their hands and wear and gown and gloves while taking care of patients with MRSA. The CDC also recommends that rooms and equipment are thoroughly cleaned. MRSA can spread from person to person and via bed linens, bed rails, bathroom fixtures, and medical equipment.
The CDC recommends athletes do not to share items that come in contact with the skin such as towels, soap, razors. The health agency also recommends athletes wear protective clothing designed to prevent abrasions and cuts, and shower or wash immediately after using shared equipment like weights or exercise equipment.
Jalopnik Reviews All of our test drives in one convenient place.
Rallying is a nuanced art. It takes years of training to get to the level where you can drive an open class car like this Subaru WRX STI with a sequential gearbox and 500 pound feet of torque. But I didn't have years of training. I had hours. And driving it has warped my brain forever.
(Full Disclosure: Subaru invited me to Team O'Neil Rally School in New Hampshire to drive their 2014 WRX STI Rally America open class car with champion David Higgins sitting shotgun. In the snow. I thought I drove fast. Then Higgins gave me a ride in the 2015 car. I did not drive fast.)
Team O'Neil is famous for their rally school where they teach the ins and outs of the technique needed to drive a moderately powerful car on rally stages over the course of a few days. The problem is that we did not have days. We didn't even have one day. We had less than five hours to learn the dos and don'ts of rallying before we were unleashed in an open class car.
That's not a lot of time to learn how to unhook your brain from habits you've developed over years of driving. But it can't hurt to try.
Actually, what am I saying. It could hurt, very much. Like, crash into a tree hurt.
Advertisement
Our training to drive the open class car was in older WRXes with snow tires and cages. We did a skidpad, slalom, pendulum turn, and trail braking exercises, all on snow. What you learn is that sliding a car around is a lot of fun, left foot braking is an art that takes a lot of getting used to (the brake is not the clutch!), and understeer is cardinal sin number one.
Advertisement
I found that I wasn't looking far enough ahead, which was getting me behind for each successive gate. I was also using my hands too much and not steering enough on the throttle. Finally, I was aiming for an apex, but the problem with aiming there in rally is that it isn't a curb that you might be running over, it's frequently a tree or a rock.
These are all things that could put the real rally car, the real $250,000 rally car, left four minus over crest into tree. I did not want to be that guy.
Advertisement
Before we get a chance in the car, David Higgins gave us a walkaround. The basic gist of it was "this car is very fast" and "please don't break my baby oh please don't break my baby." Then we got a look at the two mile course we'd be driving.
Holy shit.
I had spent my morning driving a relatively low-powered WRX through a wide open slalom, and I was now expected to take a full on rally car through two miles of hairpins, blind corners, and trees — hard, unforgiving trees — without ruining the car in any way, shape, or form.
Advertisement
Think of it this way. You once shot a pellet gun at a piece of paper eight times. Now you're leading an armed heist of Fort Knox. Something doesn't add up.
Climbing into the STI is a tight fit. David Higgins is a skinny guy, so his seat is rather small. I have an affinity for burritos and am not as trim as I once was.
Advertisement
The pedals are placed so that your left foot falls naturally over the brake. The gearbox is a six speed sequential, and you only really need the clutch for taking off, though they asked us to use it for shifting up until third gear.
(Side note: Subaru said they'd provide helmets and race suits, but since I drove to the event from NYC, I decided to just bring my own gear. Better than wearing something someone else sweated in and I didn't have to check any bags. Well, apparently you only needed a helmet, not a HANS and a suit like I went for. Better safe than sorry, but I felt like this kid.)
Advertisement
Once you're strapped in, it's time to take off. They're very careful to tell you that the combination of a carbon clutch and a light flywheel means you need to give it a lot of revs and hold them to get the car off the line.
I didn't listen very well, and I immediately stalled the car. Then we restarted it, where I promptly stalled it again. Then we restarted it, where I stalled it a third time. I was the first journalist to get in the car, so I was under a lot of pressure, but that's no excuse. Higgins also looked at me like I was just a moron who owned a race suit (I basically am).
Advertisement
But the fourth time was the charm, and then I got it moving. Ummmm, wow. Everything I learned in the morning was out the window. First, it has studded tires, which have the grip of a woman in labor. It also has power. Oh so much power. And with anti-lag turned off, that power doesn't come in immediately. Instead it arrives in a solitary high RPM punch that transports the STI through space and time.
And that punch comes again and again via the brutal sequential gearbox. It's the sort of gearbox that we all dream about. A quick hard pull to shift up, a forceful push to shift down. You can use the clutch, but you really don't need to. In the days since I've driven this car, I've spent much of my time pretending I was using a sequential gearbox, and that includes while I'm walking.
Higgins and I do a few runs through the slalom, where I pick up my pace each time. Then he turns on anti-lag. Now there's just power always. It's crazy fast, but also something that Higgins obviously feels is a bit much for our first run through the forest, so he turns it back off. I'm very ok with this.
Advertisement
As we descend into the forest, there is very little drama or sliding, just tenacious grip (this can probably be attributed to the fact that I don't really know where I'm going and am I driving much slower than the car can go). But then as I gain confidence, I start to go faster and feel it slide. Every time I go to catch a slide, Higgins tells me I don't need to catch it, the slide will be caught by me giving it more power.
Well ok then.
The braking is also fantastic for being on slick snow, but there is basically no assist on the very hard pedal. It requires more effort than any brakes in a road car to get an appreciable amount of stoppage out of them.
Advertisement
You want stoppage in these woods. A lot of stoppages.
I go for a second lap through the course at a pace that I'd deem faster, but not fast. I start to get it to slide a little better and you can feel just how controllable it is. It's progressive and easy to manipulate, and so fast. Especially when the anti-lag comes back on for the run up the hill. Instead of a delayed response, the STI is now a snow rocket with the afterburner permanently on. There isn't a gear where there isn't wheel spin, the way it should be.
Advertisement
We get one more run through the slalom and then into a tight right hander, where I overcook it and run a little wide, and that's it. Higgins told me I did a "great job," presumably because I didn't kill him or his car, so I stall it one more time for good measure, and then I hop out, a grin permanently etched on my face.
Anytime you drive a race car, you realize that engineers tend to treat physics as more of a suggestion than a law. The car can get to 60 in 3.3 seconds on gravel. Let that sink in for a second. It can take corners on snow far faster than your brain can grasp. The all-wheel drive system is smarter than that jackass who did ten points better than you on his SATs. It's a cybernetic wonder suit in the form of a car.
Advertisement
You also gain an appreciation for the truly superhuman abilities of a rally driver. I thought I went pretty quickly, and then I rode with Higgins. He was incredibly fast, I just couldn't stop laughing. I told him afterwards it was amazing to see him in his element, driving on a course that he's been testing on for days.
"Want me to let you in on a secret?" Higgins asked. "This is the first time I've driven that route, I learned it driving with you."
Advertisement
That both impressed me and nearly made me barf. He was inches from trees and sliding like a madman. He's done this for years, but it makes you realize just how talented rally drivers are.
And now I've caught the rally bug. The sad reality is that I'll probably never get a chance to drive a car like that ever again. But that's ok, because I don't need to know what it's like to crash one.
Photo Credits: Subaru, Raphael Orlove
Gorky heat supply nuclear plant is one of the two HSNPs in this country whose construction got under way in the early 1980s but was never completed due to a number of reasons, including public outcry and, naturally, the collapse of the Soviet Union.
The building wasn't finished, the reactor system wasn't assembled, and nobody had even started thinking about bringing in the fuel by that point.
This is why a visit to the site is absolutely safe in terms of radioactive contamination.
However, it never hurts be sensible about it, because we actually managed to find something radioactive.
In my opinion, the public outcry was not so much a primary reason for the decision to stop the construction as was the fact that they simply ran out of money, which was a very common case for thousands of unfinished objects across Russia and the former Soviet republics.
An argument in favor of this is that the construction was very active during the post-Chernobyl years (judging by the multiple inscriptions left by the workers), and part of the office and lab spaces in the station were actually operational up to the early 1990s (according to the posters and calendars on the walls).
At first, the seemingly endless hallways actually look like those in a partially completed building: the construction of some parts of the complex was stopped at a stage far from final.
Nevertheless, almost from the beginning you start coming across protective doors — dozens of them, varying from small hatches to full size massive hermetic doors.
Some of the rooms greet the visitor with complete emptiness or a few lonely pipes stacked somewhere in the corners, while others are stowed full
Every door seems to open into a new location, but suddenly a feeling of deja vu appears. Did we really return to the starting point or is it just an illusion?
Once again, we see a spacious hall full of rusty pipes, glass-cloth, shiny stainless steel tanks and latches
A sudden bright spot against the dull background of grey and rusty hallways
Once again the shine of stainless steel
Multiple hallways that awaken thoughts of a giant boiler facility (which is actually true) lead to the part of the complex that had already been put into operation at the time the project was aborted
And then there are dozens of rooms of various purpose, from utility rooms and offices to workshops, labs and halls with endless rows of torn apart computer racks.
There are posters typical of that period on the walls, dried flowers on the windowsills, postcards and propaganda leaflets under your feet.
Then, after passing some posters informing about the utility and safety of the station, we get to its central hub.
The reactor hall is a typical construction site: it looks like something complex and bulky was to be assembled here, but the work was halted at the stage where various parts of the reactor and heating systems were scattered chaotically about the hall.
Without sufficient knowledge of the design of this particular system it is quite hard to determine what exactly all these things are, what is their purpose and how they are all connected to each other
However, there a a few convenient observation decks here that allow to sweep the eyes and the ray of the flashlight across all the available space
Some of the parts are still wrapped up — covered with plastic or tarp, they attract even more attention than if they were just lying about
The object that visitors often mistake for the reactor itself is nothing but a lid that is resting upon a support that is perfectly normal for a construction site despite its weird look (you can approach it from the bottom side and see that)
While some of the structures look like they go deep into the ground, others, on the opposite, are above the ground level.
But who actually knows where ground level is? Inside the station with all its countless ladders and stairs (it seems that almost all of them go down) one can totally lose their understanding of space and surrender to the imagination, fancying that all this is located below the ground…
The morning is coming fast, and it would be better to leave the complex before dawn… And thus we leave the plant, not having found anything nuclear, but having had a blast of an experience!
But oh… wait! It looks like there is something here, in the basement
This is a so-called head of a Gammarid fault finder. It's a steel container with a depleted uranium cylinder in the center (45 mm thick), where an iridium isotope is supposed to be placed.
This thing indicates quite a high radiation level, and touching it, and especially taking it home is not recommended
Gammarids (a more modern version of them) are still used during construction of such objects as power stations to scan various structures and welded seams for pre-emptively detecting out their defects
So, finally, completely satisfied and even having discovered “something radioactive”, but still with an intention to return, our group of urban explorers safely leaves Gorky nuclear heating station to the barking of the dogs and the guards and thanks each other for pleasant company.
Images by Lana Sator
All Sorts of Stuff : This site was started for pages/information that didn't fit well on my other sites. It includes topics from backing up computer files to small engine repair to 3D graphics software to basic information on diabetes.
Basic Macro Photography : This site introduces you to macro photography. Macro photography is nothing more than the photography of small objects. It can take quite a while to understand the limitations associated with this type of photography. Without help, people will struggle to get good images. Understanding what's possible and what's not possible makes the task much easier. If you need to photograph relatively small objects (6" in height/width down to a few thousandths of an inch), this site will help.
Air Rifle Links and Demos : If you're interested in air rifles, this site will introduce you to the types of rifles available and many of the things you'll need to know to shoot accurately. It also touches on field target competition. There are links to some of the better sites and forums as well as a collection of interactive demos.
Basic Computer Operation : This site helps anyone new to computers and anyone with a basic understanding of computers with a desire to learn more about the internal components of a computer. If you have a computer that you'd like to upgrade but don't know where to start, this is a good site for you.
Seattle: A giant male octopus caught on cell phone video scaling his glass display tank at the Seattle Aquarium and reaching several tentacles over its open top has sparked Internet speculation that the massive mollusk was trying to mount an escape bid.
But aquarium officials say the octopus, named Ink, was not attempting a jailbreak in the video, which has gone viral on the Internet, but simply learning to embrace his new home with all eight arms.
"It was not an escape attempt," aquarium spokesman Tim Kuniholm said of the video, in which Ink inched his way up the cylindrical glass tank to squeals from onlookers. "It's a new exhibit and the animal was exploring his boundaries."
A Seattle aquarium employee later put Ink's arms back inside the case, and a so-called "evening cap" was fastened on top to help keep the curious fellow in place, Kuniholm said.
"Octopuses are very inquisitive by nature, and in this case ... Ink is an overachiever," he said.
Ink is one of two new giant Pacific octopuses on display at the aquarium. Found in Puget Sound, they are the world's largest species of octopuses, weighing on average about 90 pounds (41 kg) and measuring 20 feet (6.1 meters) across.
Kuniholm said the two male octopuses are kept in separate homes at the aquarium because the species is solitary by nature, with males and females coming together only to mate during their short 3-to-4-year lifespan.
In the next year, Ink will be released back into the wild as part of an ongoing education and conservation program for the species, the aquarium said.
Watch the video here:
Next Manu Garcia starred for City in pre-season with some exciting displays in midfield. The Spaniard has been likened to David Silva and could get his chance at the Stadium of Light having been excluded from the EDS squad who, ironically played Sunderland U21's on Sunday. With unbelievable composure and vision for a player of his age, Garcia could really find his feet alongside good technical players and this could be the time to give him a shot.
Previous Next Another member of City's first-team tour of Asia and Australia, George Evans still finds himself at City but has suffered due to the gap in quality between U21 and competitive football. The local lad is seemingly too good to play in the EDS but is yet to establish himself at first-team level, despite scoring a belter against Toronto in post-season friendly at the end of last term. An injury to Fabian Delph could open up his chance in this game and having been training with the first team this week, he may be in line for an appearance.
Previous Next Of all the youngsters at Manchester City, Kelechi Iheanacho is the one who is closest to a regular place in the first-team. The fact that Pellegrini elected to not sign another striker in the transfer window demonstrates his faith in Kelechi, who he has praised on many an occasion. Boasting a wonderful left foot, impressive hold up play and great attitude, it's easy to see why he is knocking on the door for a first-team spot. And when his big chance arrived against Crystal Palace, he duly delivered. I for one would like to see him start.
Previous Next Signed from Fulham this summer, Patrick Roberts has been earmarked as a top talent in the City youth ranks and has already been on the bench on a couple of occasions. He has travelled with the squad for most of this season's games and it has been reported that City feel as though placing him in the same environment as Silva, Nasri and co will work wonders. After his breathtaking goal and display to sink Juventus in the UEFA Youth League, the next step would be to give him a start against Sunderland. Here's hoping that is the case.
The Christian Science Monitor recently reported what many people may have assumed had already happened years ago: the death of the telegram. With the pending closure of Indian national telecommunications company Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited's telegraph service offices, the Monitor reported that "the world's last telegram message will be sent somewhere in India on July 14."
But news of the death of the telegram has been greatly exaggerated. "Somehow they got the impression that this meant the end of telegrams worldwide," Colin Stone, Director of Operations for International Telegram, a telegraphy service based in Canada, said in a phone conversation with Ars. "We'll still offer services in India, even though the state-run service is closing."
Samuel Morse's version of telegraphy—Morse code over the wire—died a long time ago. It was replaced by Telex, a switch-based system similar to telephone networks, developed in Germany in 1933. The German system, run by the Federal Post Office, essentially used a precursor to computer modems and sent text across the wire at about 50 characters per second. Western Union built the US' first nationwide Telex, an acronym for Teleprinter Exchange, in the late 1950s.
The precursor to e-mail has been dealt a wallop by instant messages, SMS texts, and other instant communications, to be sure. Western Union shut down its telegram "business messaging" service in 2006, but it was picked up by International Telegram, which operates worldwide. And there are still other nationally operated telegraph services. "Italy still has a printer and Telex line in every post office," said Stone. "And people still send loads and loads of telegrams there. It's a state-run telegraph service, so I don't know if it's profitable or not. But it's exactly as the service was run in India and the same as it's been for 50 or 60 years."
In countries where Telex no longer has the reach it once had—a group India will soon join—International Telegram sends messages the last mile using another "obsolete" messaging system: the postal service. Messages received by a central office are "sent out as express post items," Stone said, so telegrams are usually received the next day now instead within a couple of hours. "But in large cities, you can still get the message delivered same day," he added.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn. – Jason Kipnis was named American League Player of the Week on Monday for the damage he did to Detroit over the weekend, but of more concern to the Indians' second baseman are the daily adjustments in his swing that he has to make because of his right oblique muscle.
Kipnis spent a month on the disabled list after straining the oblique at the end of April. He's healthy enough to play, but so far it hasn't been at the All-Star level of 2013.
When asked the Detroit series, in which he went 5-for15 with two homers and six RBIs, was a sign of progress, Kipnis said, "I wouldn't use the word progress, I'd use the word adjustment. As far as the oblique goes, it's going to be there all year. It's not going to go away until the offseason.
"What I can do is find a swing that works for me. I thought we may have found something coming out of Detroit. It was a step in the right direction and we're going to keep making adjustments day to day and pitch to pitch and see how it goes."
Kipnis came into Monday's game against the Twins hitting .259 (72-for-273) with 14 doubles, five homers and 30 RBI.
"No, I didn't come back too fast," he said. "It's just one of those things that's going to be there.
"The trainers here are fantastic. They've done a great job. They wouldn't let me play until they thought I was ready to. It's just one of those (injuries) where even if it's not painful, it's still limiting. It's still going to be there and not allow you to be full go or full anything."
So as Kipnis said, he has to adjust and adjust some more.
Testing, testing: Center fielder Michael Bourn, who has been on the disabled list since July 6 with a strained left hamstring, joined the Indians at Target Field on Monday.
He ran on the field, swung the bat and did some throwing, but he's still not close to being activated.
"I came to see the head man (James Quinlan, head athletic trainer) to see how I'm doing," said Bourn. "I'm going to continue my rehab and go to Kansas City with the team.
"I jogged a little bit on the field (Monday). I'll probably do that again on Wednesday. I feel much better.
"Hopefully, I can get it right this time to where I don't have to take breaks."
Bourn underwent surgery on the hamstring at the end of last season. He opened the season on the DL after injuring the same hamstring running the bases in spring training.
Crazy Ex-Girlfriend heroine Rebecca Bunch isn't the only person crazy about Josh Chan. West Covina's handsomest electronics salesman/professional bro also has the love of a very discerning audience: moms. “I was in Miami recently, and this 10-year-old girl approached me, and said ‘My Mommy told me to come over here and ask you if you're Josh Chan, because we watch your show,” Josh's alter ego, Vincent Rodriguez III, tells Yahoo TV. “I look over, and her mom is waving at me from 30 feet away and gives me a big grin. Another time, I was approached by a 67-year-old woman freaking out because I'm Josh Chan; she took 11 selfies with me!”
Welcome to the perks — and perils — of being part out of one of the most beloved cult shows around. Although the first season of Crazy Ex-Girlfriend struggled in the ratings, it inspired a passionate fanbase that has embraced this musical dramedy, and its large ensemble cast, with a passion that almost approaches Hamilton levels of intensity. And just as Lin-Manuel Miranda has admitted to being called “Hamilton” by well-meaning fans, Rodriguez is still getting used to being addressed as “Josh” rather than “Vincent.” “It's kind of weird and cool,” he says, laughing. “People call me Josh all the time. The spirit of the show has attracted this broad spectrum of people.” Yahoo TV chatted with Rodriguez about being the rare Asian-American male lead of a network series, the dance moves he'll show off in Crazy Ex-Girlfriend's second season, and his dream Broadway role.
Since people always confuse you for Josh Chan in real life, what's one way you'd like them to know that you're not like your character?
Not many people ask me that! [Laughs.] I'd say that there's a childlike ignorance to Josh; he's more chill about his life, whereas I've always been very ambitious. I'm very focused on where I am and what's in front of me. So that's been a huge 180 for me in playing the character. Like Rebecca, he's a little delusional, which I think is something we'll see more of in Season 2. We're going to really see Josh's point of view regarding himself and his life, and realize how spoiled and one-sided he can be. And that's something that was news to me! To hear about those personality traits from the people who created the character was very eye-opening; it made some of the things in Season 1 make so much sense. Everyone on the show has a character flaw, but it's particularly interesting to see Josh's, because he's kind of this everyman. The icing on the cake is that I'm an Asian male playing this, and that's something we haven't seen.
Related: ‘Crazy Ex-Girlfriend' Songwriting Duo Rachel Bloom and Adam Schlesinger on Their Scene to Remember
In general, Crazy Ex-Girlfriend has done a terrific job pursuing diversity amongst its cast and subject matter.
Yeah, we're becoming a pioneer in that. To ride that train is really exciting, and we're pushing boundaries even further in Season 2. Some of the subject matter made me stop breathing — I couldn't believe how well it was being handled. You watch the show and you're entertained, but then you listen to the lyrics and you're like, “Oh my god, that's saying something!” It's a slice of real life I feel I don't see on TV or in movies very often.
View photos Rachel Bloom and Vincent Rodriguez III in Crazy Ex-Girlfriend (Credit: The CW) More
When we left Josh and Rebecca, they had finally consummated their simmering attraction. What's in store for them in Season 2?
We're going to see some of the veil slip away from Rebecca. In the first season, no matter what lesson she was taught, she ultimately made a big mistake. But she's not an idiot — she's just in love. And love makes you crazy; it makes you see what you want to see. That's something we harp on in the show; Josh isn't just a love interest, but also represents the kind of obsession she has that we can all relate to. So we get to explore that with Rebecca and blow the lid off of every other character.
A hospital in Buenos Aires is offering patients in its mental health department a workshop called "Knowing yourself through the stars," to help them treat conditions such as depression anxiety through an understanding of their astrological personalities.
That's despite the fact that there's no scientific evidence whatsoever that the way the stars are aligned when you're born influence your personality, or can predict future events or milestones in your life. (We hate to break it to you guys, but the Mercury retrograde isn't a thing).
The astrology workshop began in February this year, and runs for 90 minutes a week, with patients being referred by doctors at the Hospital Pirovano's Barrial Mental Health Program.
The workshop is led by astrologist Claudia Rico, and the basic premise is that she develops star charts for each patient and uses their horoscope to interpret life experiences both in the past and those that are 'written in the stars' for the coming month.
"Emotions and feelings are mixed with astrology to help them understand the 'why' and the 'for what?' of every life experience, whether it was a good one or a painful one," Rico told Quartz. "Therapeutic astrology tries to generate a balance of the physical, mental, emotional, and spiritual aspects of human beings."
For example, her guidance will be based on things like, whether someone is an Aries or Taurus, or what their 'rising sign' is.
Rico submitted her workshop program proposal in October 2015, and it was approved by the Coordinator General of the Barrial Mental Health Program in order to become an official treatment option.
Understandably, scientists are pretty outraged by the decision. Andrés Golombek, professor at the University of Quilmes in Argentina, told Quartz that the program was "absolutely dreadful".
"Astrology can be harmless, of course, unless it gives directions and instructions into how to proceed with, for example, an illness or medical treatment," he said. "And, indeed, having such a program organised by a hospital leads into the completely false assumption that astrology might have some kind of scientific background which, of course, it completely lacks."
"I am horrified by this prospect," he added.
So what's the problem? In theory, running a workshop that gets people talking about past experiences and preparing for the future isn't necessarily a bad thing, and thanks to the placebo effect alone, it could definitely prove beneficial to some patients.
But the issue is that astrology really doesn't have any scientific backing, and framing these workshops around the horoscope perpetuates the idea that, somehow, the alignment of the stars influences our lives, or can help people with serious mental health conditions.
Astrology is based on the idea that as Earth moves around the Sun in an elliptical orbit, the position of the Sun looks to us as though it passes through the 12 constellations that form the zodiac.
Your star sign is determined by which constellation the Sun was 'in' on the day you were born, and astrologers say this continues to influence your personality and behaviour throughout life.
But despite repeated studies trying to back that up, there's no evidence that horoscopes have any effect on us.
Scientists have found that the time of year you're born can effect your health and future allergies, but that has less to do with star signs, and more to do with Sun exposure here on Earth. It's thought that children who are exposed to more vitamin D during their last few months in the womb grow up to be healthier than those that are born during winter.
And while the roots of astrology might have some vague basis in science - it involves the movement of the Sun throughout the night sky - that 'science' is pretty old (2,200 years old, to be more specific) and your star sign is most likely wrong because of something called precession, which has altered the position of the constellations in our night sky.
Precession refers to the way Earth wobbles around its axis due to the gravitational pull of the Moon on Earth's equatorial bulge. And because of this wobble, over the past 2-and-a-bit millennia, the constellations alignment against the Sun's position has moved almost 36 degrees - meaning that the star signs we know and love are almost a month out.
So if you think you're an Aries, you're probably a Pisces, and if you're a Capricorn you're actually a Sagittarius, and if you think you're a Sagittarius, you're actually a 13th sign called Ophiuchus.
Of course, none of that really matters when horoscopes are viewed as little more than entertainment (is it that much worse than reading about the Kardashians?). But it's a problem when a medical hospital suggests that a better understanding of star signs might be a potential treatment for mental health conditions - which are already the most stigmatised and misunderstood diseases in medicine.
While the Hospital Pirovano hasn't officially responded to the complaints, a spokesperson for the Barrial mental health program told Quartz that the program was a community workshop rather than a form of professional psychotherapy. "Its goal is not to heal, but to provide support," they said.
Let's hope in future they can find a way to do that without relying on pseudoscience.
Van Morrison
Van Morrison's Birthday Concert
Mountain Winery
Saratoga, CA
31st Aug 2004
Download MP3@192
Disc 1
inarticulate speech of the heart
all work no play
only a dream
satisfied
raincheck
whinin boy moan
days like this
dont worry about a thing
Sometimes we cry with Shana Morrison
walkin my baby back home
fame
disc 2
choppin wood
early in the morning
once in a blue moon
in the afternoon/Happy birthday(audience)/Ancient highway/big joe turner/danny boy/country fair/get on up
jackie wilson said
stop drinking
all in the game
precious time
moondance
gloria
cd-rs>EAC to WAV>TLH to FLAC level 8>youVan Morrison
Van Morrison's Birthday Concert
Mountain Winery
Saratoga
CA
31st Aug 2004
Disc 1
inarticulate speech of the heart
all work no play
only a dream
satisfied
raincheck
whinin boy moan
days like this
dont worry about a thing
Sometimes we cry with Shana Morrison
walkin my baby back home
fame
disc 2
choppin wood
early in the morning
once in a blue moon
in the afternoon/Happy birthday(audience)/Ancient highway/big joe turner/danny boy/country fair/get on up
jackie wilson said
stop drinking
all in the game
precious time
moondance
gloria
cd-rs>EAC to WAV>TLH to FLAC level 8>you
ASHBURN, Va. -- The difficult part isn't debating whether or not Robert Griffin III will get another job. Not in a league where quarterbacks struggle every week and teams are desperate to find them. No, the tough part will be deciding where that opportunity arises.
The Washington Redskins will release Griffin at some point after the Super Bowl and before the next league year begins on March 15, rather than pay him the $16.2 million option for 2016. After that for Griffin it becomes tricky.
Interest in RG III Our NFL Nation reporters offer their take on what interest there would be in Robert Griffin III across the league. Story
Based on conversations with multiple people involved in the NFL, from coaches to scouts and executives, a few things jumped out: They believe he will be signed; they're not confident he will develop because of what they perceive as his lack of natural instincts for the position, his skills in the pocket, and his failure to throw well on the move. They said he needed to go somewhere he could sit and fully learn another offense.
Still, as one coach said, “When you look around the league, someone will give him an opportunity to compete ... because of his athleticism, it gives teams something you have to prepare for.”
For what it's worth, multiple coaches said -- after a season in which Griffin received praise for handling his demotion -- they were turned off by the note he left in his locker on clean-out day. While it had been hanging in his locker all season, they did not like that it was the one note he left after taking down everything else.
“That was a blatant, 'It's not on me, it's on everybody else,'” one coach said.
But here are the teams that were mentioned most and why they felt this way:
Redskins quarterback Robert Griffin III will be looking for a new team soon. AP Photo/Charles Rex Arbogast
Houston
Why it makes sense: Because the Texans don't have a quarterback and need to consider many options (read: every option). Griffin, of course, grew up in Texas and starred at Baylor.
Why it doesn't: Because, as one coach said, Bill O'Brien's coaching background has featured drop-back passers. Griffin has not shown at all that he can be such a passer, something the Texans had to see during their three days of practices against the Redskins this past summer or in their season opener in 2014.
Kansas City
Why it makes sense: Andy Reid. He's one of the more adaptable coaches in the NFL, and Redskins broadcaster and former tight end Chris Cooley has long thought he'd be good for Griffin. Also the Chiefs' offense has some similarities, including terminology, to what the Redskins have been running. They also have a quality starter in Alex Smith.
Why it doesn't: The Chiefs have backups experienced in their system in Chase Daniel and Aaron Murray. There's no guarantee they'd view Griffin as a better backup (this isn't about arm strength or athleticism).
Buffalo
Why it makes sense: Bills offensive coordinator Greg Roman worked with Colin Kaepernick in San Francisco and now has Tyrod Taylor. Unlike most teams, the Bills would not have to revamp their offense for Griffin. Multiple people mentioned the Bills.
Why it doesn't: Because the Bills could end up giving Taylor a sizeable raise this offseason, and Griffin's presence could lead to problems they don't want (Taylor looking over his shoulder perhaps).
San Francisco
Why it makes sense: One coach said "anywhere Chip Kelly lands" would be the most natural fit. And one Redskins player said Kelly would be good for Griffin because he simplifies the game for quarterbacks and his offense is more “straight forward.” Another coach mentioned Kelly, too, because he uses elements of what Griffin did at Baylor and incorporates quarterback runs.
Why it doesn't: The 49ers already have Kaepernick under contract and might not want him. While Kelly has run a spread offense and that's what Griffin ran at Baylor, they weren't exactly the same so it's not necessarily a perfect fit. Also, Griffin is less of a run threat than he was in 2012 thanks to his knee and ankle injuries, and he's shown an inability to adequately protect himself.
Carolina
Why it makes sense: Because they use some zone read, and with Cam Newton the Panthers have a quarterback who often makes plays with his legs. So the receivers would be used to that as well (not every receiver plays well when quarterbacks go off-schedule).
Why it doesn't: The Panthers have veteran backup Derek Anderson behind Newton. Anderson has been in the system for four seasons. It's hard to imagine they'd view Griffin as a short-term upgrade.
Dallas
Why it makes sense: Because owner Jerry Jones would be involved. The Cowboys need a strong backup for Tony Romo. No doubt Jones would love to stick it to his buddy Daniel Snyder by somehow revitalizing Griffin. One scout mentioned Dallas because of offensive coordinator Scott Linehan, who has shown in the past he likes the deep ball. From 2012-14 Griffin ranked 13th in QBR and third in passer rating on throws that traveled 30 yards or more, according to ESPN Stats and Information. "He's not built for timing or rhythm passes," one scout said. Also, Griffin starred at nearby Baylor.
Why it doesn't: One coach called this scenario a long-shot (though Kellen Moore is far from a proven backup, the coach heard they might like him enough to try and develop him). Another coach said the Cowboys would have to change their scheme too much to accommodate Griffin.
Seattle
Why it makes sense: One executive mentioned the Seahawks because they have a quarterback with similar skills in Russell Wilson and an offensive coordinator in Darrell Bevell who can tap into those skills. One assistant coach said he didn't think it was feasible for a team with a different-style starter to sign Griffin; that's why he mentioned Seattle.
Why it doesn't: While Griffin's skills are similar to Wilson's, the latter has proven to be the much better quarterback, especially on the move. Backup Tavaris Jackson's familiarity with the offense could be a separator.
WATCH: New device turns your paper plane into a drone
SCIENCEALERT STAFF 11 JUN 2014
Thanks to a new device, you can now create a controllable drone in less than one minute. But it doesn't stop them from nose-diving, unfortunately.
The Kickstarter-funded PowerUp 3.0 is a lightweight guidance and propulsion system power by a tiny battery. All you need to do to use it is fold your own aircraft, clip it on and connect it to your smartphone using bluetooth.
Then you simply throw the paper plane, and if it takes to the skies you can control its flight from your phone, as Jack Nicas reports for The Wall Street Journal.
As anyone who's played with paper planes know, that's a big if. The Guinness World Record for flying a paper plane is currently 27.9 seconds, and, let's be fair, most made at home tend to crash within seconds.
But a YouTube user has posted videos of himself flying his PowerUp paper plane for several minutes, showing it's possible. It all depends on your ability to fold a aerodynamically sound aircraft, and that's part of the fun.
Of course, these drones aren't as impressive or useful as the ones that could one day deliver packages or beam high-speed internet for Google and Facebook, but they're pretty cool to play around with. And they're only US$50.
But minidrones such as this one are still stirring up some debate about what should be allowed in our airspace, so enjoy playing while you can.
Watch scientist and entrepreneur play with PowerUp 3.0 in this video from The Wall Street Journal.
Alternative Histories: Inaccuracies of Braveheart & How Multiple Deaths Stopped England Dominating Britain Sooner
Bradley James Yellop Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 23, 2017
The 1995 Mel Gibson epic Braveheart won acclaim and Oscars for the Australian-American Hollywood legend. In the movie that he also directed, Gibson plays the Scottish rebel, William Wallace, whose insurrection against the English overlords freed Scotland from oppression but it cost Wallace his life in the process. Such a concise assessment of the storyline is not needed because this is about as accurate as the film gets.
In truth, William Wallace did rebel against the English several years after a succession crisis occurred in Scotland, resulting in the installation of a puppet king. With no clear heir in sight and the Scots unable to select a candidate among themselves, they turned to the King of England to arbitrate and finally choose a king. Edward I — England's king at the time — known as “Longshanks,” agreed to help the Scots pick a ruler, on one condition, they make him overlord of Scotland and the Scottish nobles acquiesced. Edward I came north and chose John Balliol as king — which was a fair choice but an easier one, compared to the most popular candidate, Robert the Bruce, as Balliol proved easier to manipulate.
Edward's riding roughshod over the Scots soon prompted uprisings, which came to a head at Stirling Bridge, after John Balliol's eventual resistance to English rule caused Edward's forces to sack Berwick-Upon-Tweed. In 1297, Andrew Moray and minor noble William Wallace (not just a simple man of limited means as portrayed in the movie) met the forces of John de Warenne, Earl of Surrey and Hugh de Cressingham. Using the bridge to his advantage, Wallace's forces pulled a surprise victory over de Warenne and Wallace became Guardian of Scotland. Edward I, in Flanders at the time, learned of the defeat and reaching a truce with the King of France, made for Scotland, preparing a vast army that sacked southern Scotland. English forces routed the Scots at the Battle of Falkirk in 1298, meaning a disgraced Wallace renounced the Guardian of Scotland position. Meanwhile, Edward stopped off at Scone Abbey and retrieved the Stone of Destiny, used to crown Scottish kings, where he placed it in a specially made throne in Westminster Abbey, allegedly announcing as he sat: “a man does good when he rids himself of a turd!” Wallace remained a fugitive until his execution in 1305, he never met Isabella, Edward's daughter-in-law, let alone got her pregnant — Isabella being 10-years-old at the time of Wallace's execution — never sacked York (Robert the Bruce did after the Battle of Bannockburn in 1314) and Longshanks never died at the same time as William Wallace, he died in 1307.
William Wallace Statue, Aberdeen
If alternate histories are anything to go by, then it is fairly easy to play this game and ponder what might have happened if Wallace's uprising did not need to occur. England had exerted authority over Scotland since the Norman Conquest, as they had with Wales and even Ireland since the days of Henry II. Arguably one could say that the real tension between England and Scotland was birthed in the latter part of Edward I's reign — his moniker being “Hammer of the Scots” after all. Although less than a decade prior to Wallace's uprising the king of Scotland — Alexander III — was like a brother to Edward.
Alexander III became King of Scotland aged seven, which sparked tensions between nobles wishing to become the boy-king's regent. Alexander often sought sanctuary in England and married the king at the time, Henry III's, daughter Margaret, both she and Alexander were 10 at the time of their marriage. Henry III wanted a condition of that marriage to be him becoming overlord of Scotland, which Alexander refused. Gaining maturity at the age of 21, Alexander was instrumental in driving out the Norwegians from the Western Isles but he was met with tragedy himself. Having lost his wife in 1275, all of the children from Alexander's first marriage didn't survive past their early twenties. His daughter Margaret, married to King Eric II of Norway, died shortly after giving birth to her daughter, aged 22; his sons, Alexander and David dying aged 20 and 12 respectively. With all of his children dead, Alexander needed to marry again; as his sole surviving heir was granddaughter Margaret, Maid of Norway, heir presumptive to the Scottish throne. Alexander married a second time, to Yolande de Dreux, great-niece of Simon de Montfort, whose uprising in the Second Barons' War in England resulted in de Montfort being slain by his protégé, the future Edward I. It was on his way home, eager to create a son with his new wife that caused Alexander III's death, thrown by his horse during stormy weather.
Monument marking the site of Alexander III's death
Alexander's death meant that his granddaughter Margaret, a three-year-old girl in Norway, became queen in 1286. Edward I had a two-year-old son, also named Edward and saw an opportunity that had passed when his sister died, for some clever England/Scotland intermarriage to produce a king of both nations. Margaret and Prince Edward — the future Edward II — were soon betrothed but at the age of seven, while sailing from Norway to Scotland, she succumbed to her weak constitution and died. Margaret, the Maid of Norway's death resulted in the succession crisis that led to Wallace's uprising and eventual death. If Margaret had stayed alive, she would have married Longshanks' son, Edward, and with a future King of England wed to a Queen of Scotland. Any son born of that union would have been destined to both England and Scotland as rightful heir to both, unifying the two countries nearly three centuries before the death of Elizabeth I and ascension of James VI of Scotland to James I of England in 1603. A legitimate ruler of both England and Scotland would have made the entire island one whole kingdom by birthright, stopped wars between the two countries and presented a united front against Europe. Much more time could have been devoted to expansion elsewhere, despite meaning no existence of the Hundred Years' War between England and France, started by Edward III claiming the French throne via his mother's bloodline. There is a good chance that relations in the European mainland would have progressed through negotiation and marriage as opposed to military actions… all of which are probably more accurate depictions of history than Braveheart!
Protests are mounting against plans by the city of Frankfurt to honor Jewish-American scholar Judith Butler, a staunch critic of Israel.
The Central Council of Jews in Germany and the political activist group Scholars for Peace in the Middle East are among groups that have slammed the city for choosing to honor Butler with its Theodor W. Adorno Prize on Sept. 11. The $63,000 prize is awarded every three years for “outstanding performances in the fields of philosophy, music, theater and film.”
Butler is a supporter of the United States Campaign for the Academic & Cultural Boycott of Israel and also participated in the Canadian Israeli Apartheid Week in 2011.
Stephan Kramer, general secretary of the Central Council, reportedly called the choice of Butler, whom he said supports boycotts against Israel but considers Hamas and Hezbollah legitimate social movements, “outrageous.”
But Frankfurt Deputy Mayor in Charge of Cultural Affairs Felix Semmelroth, a member of the board that decided last week to honor Butler, said in a recent statement to JTA that the board of trustees at its May 30 meeting was “of the unanimous opinion that the Adorno Prize should go to Judith Butler for her comprehensive work on gender theory.”
Semmelroth wrote that “the incriminating statements that are now coming out were not the subject of discussion [by the trustees] and were clearly unknown to them; and they also don't change anything regarding the importance of the work of Judith Butler.”
Planners of a protest demonstration called for Sept. 11 in Frankfurt also circulated a petition in which they noted, among other things, that Butler boycotts universities in Tel Aviv — an official partner city with Frankfurt — “but has no problem delivering lectures at the Bir Zeit University, which evidence shows is dominated by supporters of Hamas and Hezbollah.”
Butler defended herself in a Sept. 1 editorial published in two German newspapers, saying that she did not take attacks from German Jewish leaders personally. Rather, she wrote, the attacks are “directed against everyone who is critical against Israel and its current policies.”
Frankfurt's mayor, Peter Feldmann, the city's first Jewish mayor since 1933 and a member of the Social Democratic Party, was not involved in the decision to honor Butler. His predecessor, Petra Roth, of the conservative Christian Democratic Union Party, was on the board that chose Butler.
Adorno (1903-1969), for whom the prize is named, was the son of a Catholic mother and Jewish father. He survived the Third Reich in exile and returned to become one of Germany's foremost sociologists, philosophers and art critics, particularly known for his criticism of fascism and for his writings on the Holocaust.
Statistics let us remove emotional stimuli and focus on the hard truth of what happens. But we need to place statistics into their environment to gain context and understand what's really happening. Bryce Petty having 60% accuracy doesn't tell you any information, but 60% accuracy throwing against man coverage gives you something to work with. That's the purpose of this season-long project.
Let's get this out of the way, these numbers aren't objective. There's a lot of subjectivity involved with interceptables, drops, single vs full reads, and even what the coverage faced is. This is still a subjective analysis. It's just adding numbers to that subjective analysis.
Would you believe it if i told you this was Bryce Petty's best game so far? Well, it was. Traditional statistics aren't in his favor, but he produced a better context stats than his first two starts. And it was against the best passing defense he's seen this season (Miami ranks 12th in pass defense DVOA at time of writing). If it weren't for the Jets getting blown out on primetime and a bad interception, more people might be open to believing that.
Petty improved noticeably from his previous games. In his last two starts, his reads total YPA were at horrible 4.97 and 5.32 rates. Now it's up to 7.00 YPA. That's not efficient, but it's more efficient. It's progression. That's important to realize, even if you weren't a fan of Petty in pre-season (like me) or during the 2015 draft (also like me).
Zooming out of this game, maybe it's possible that Petty isn't actually as bad as we're seeing and could be better. It might be a tired point to read if you're used to arguing with Petty's defenders, but these are still real points.
It's only Petty's third start. Petty came from a completely different system and speed of the game. Yes, two years on the bench should've improved him- but why would three starts prove it hasn't? It's reasonable that three starts after not playing in a real game since 1/1/2014 isn't enough to be acclimated. I don't count appearances off the bench in that by the way, since you can't measure how many reps or practice time depth players are getting during the season. I don't think Bryce is playing himself into a starter spot right now, but he's not playing out of a starter spot either. He hasn't been that level of ineffective yet.
Let's get back into this game. Petty is struggling with not getting intercepted. Most of them haven't been that egregious, just aggressive quarterbacking. Then this happened:
Petty's interception #1. dropping a DL in zone is like a nearly auto-pick for new starters but this one is really, really hard to excuse pic.twitter.com/l6IliKhcEx — (((Edward Gorelik))) (@edwardgorelik) December 22, 2016
Dolphins have a cover-1 looking coverage with a blitz shown. It becomes a manned up blitz where the lineman dropping into zone coverage on one side. This is something that regularly tricks young starters but can't be excused this time. Petty has plenty of time to see this. He has plenty of time to notice there's a player directly in his throwing lane. He doesn't notice anything and throws directly at him. This is a genuinely bad play.
It's “okay” to get intercepted when making aggressive decisions, because the upside is built into the risk. This isn't that, it's just bad.
But his interceptions haven't been the biggest issue. He's throwing an interceptable once every 18 passes on the season so far and that's not terrible when considering Ryan Fitzpatrick was throwing one every 15 this year. However, Fitzpatrick was averaging 7.43 YPA on the context stats. It's also not that efficient, but it's significantly higher than Petty; even though he was a worse passer. So why is Petty so inefficient?
Sacks.
This is bad blocking, i know. But Petty knows this guy is free and he has to do something. Instead he's like, i'm gonna see how this goes. pic.twitter.com/Wtkua4ub7G — (((Edward Gorelik))) (@edwardgorelik) December 22, 2016
This is bad blocking. I know. Someone made a mistake, and there's a man free. But take this into account: Petty knows he's not blocked too. I'm going to guess he should've been blocked, but he wasn't. Petty should see this from the snap. I know he knows it because he's drifting away from him. But he never does anything. He keeps waiting. This has been the problem with most of his sacks this year, waiting. Petty was never great at feeling pressure in Baylor and that part of his game has transferred to the NFL.
It's weird that i started this by telling you this was his best game but then went on a tirade of Petty's problems. But his problems are still bigger than his strengths, which is why they came first. At least he does look like he's improving though. Take a look at this for example:
Petty touchdown. sees slot blitz on pre-snap, takes it. pic.twitter.com/atFmQ0UiPq — (((Edward Gorelik))) (@edwardgorelik) December 22, 2016
The pre-snap starts with a cover-2 look. The slot corner comes down and it becomes a cover-1 blitz. Petty sees that and calls out something, i'm guessing setting the protection. With everything well blocked, Petty sits back, reads the leverage, and watches Anderson cross the new slot corners face. He knows that's going to happen because the defensive back is leveraged inside with his hips pointed at the sideline. There's no way he'll make that turn in time. Even with an out of stride throw (yes it is, look at Anderson slow down), there's no chance for this to be stopped.
That's the kind of thing you want to see from Petty. An in-stride throw could make it even better, and it's something he may be able to improve upon given more time to acclimate. And he's been improving with every start so far.
It's easy to throw him away because of team is losing, but try not to do that. Try to see what Petty actually is and how he's playing. I've never been a Petty fan, and if you were reading my evaluations his “good” preseason performances (which weren't good at all), you know this doesn't come from an innate bias or a take I want to see proven right. Let's just see where the improvement stops before we're certain there's nothing here to be had. I mean, check this out:
By my count, Petty had
4 Inaccurate passes, 0 coverage beating passes, and 1 in stride pass against the Rams in his first start.
8 inaccurate passes, 2 coverage beating passes, and 2 in stride passes against the 49ers in his second start.
4 inaccurate passes, 3 coverage beating passes, and 4 in stride passes against the Dolphins in his third start.
Let's just see where this wheel stops before we take a hard pass.
Interceptables
If you can prove something in this section isn't interceptable, it'll be removed from all the stats. However, i don't think that will happen this week. One interception is already explained above, so we'll just get right to the other one.
Pre-snap shows cover-1 man. Robby Anderson has his man beat but Petty underthrows it badly. Easily picked off. Petty can't afford to miss plays like this.
Extra Stats
Petty had the ball dropped 5 times for 38 air yards lost. That's the second most drops in a single game this season by my count, behind the Kansas City game.
–
Photo Credit: NewYorkJets.com
Related
String was extended in beta 6 to implement RangeReplaceableCollectionType . This means that, via inheritance, it also implements ExtensibleCollectionType .1
ExtensibleCollectionType is interesting, because it requires the collection to support an empty initializer. This means that, without having to resort to shenanigans, you can write a generic function that takes an ExtensibleCollectionType and returns a new one.
Since they were changed to return eagerly-evaluated results, the non-member filter and map have returned arrays, no matter what. This is a bit frustrating when working with some non-array types, such as String :2
let vowels = "eaoiu" let isConsonant = { !contains(vowels, $0) } let s = "hello, i must be going" // filtered will be an array let filtered = filter(s, isConsonant) // and then we have to turn it back into a string let only_consonants = String(seq: filtered) // only_consonants is "hll, mst b gng"
It would be nice to have a version of filter that took a String and returned a String instead of an Array . 3 Even better, it would be nice to have a single generic version that worked on both arrays and strings.
Here's one:
func my_filter <C: ExtensibleCollectionType> (source: C, includeElement: (C.Generator.Element)->Bool) -> C { // use the `init()` from `ExtensibleCollectionType` var result = C() for element in source { if(includeElement(element)) { // append is also part of `ExtensibleCollectionType` result.append(element) } } return result } // my_filter returns a String when passed one: let only_consonants = my_filter(s, isConsonant)
Since this is possible, should Swift's filter and map be changed to be like this? Maybe, but I can think of a couple of reasons why not.
First, it'd be a bit inconsistent and possibly surprising. Not all collections are extensible collections. Dictionary isn't. Range and StrideTo even less so – they're like “virtual” collections that don't really have individual elements at all. So there'd still need to be versions that took these collections and returned an array. So when calling filter , you'd need to know whether your collection was extensible to know whether you were going to get back the same collection type or an array.
There's precedent for this kind of thing. lazy gives you back different types depending on what you pass in. But lazy is very explicit. map and filter would be a bit more subtle, and bear in mind subtle maybe-unexpected behaviour was probably the reason lazy evaluation was moved into the lazy family in the first place.
Second, maybe you do want an array back. This can be catered for – declare a second version of my_filter like so: 4
func my_filter <C1: ExtensibleCollectionType, C2: ExtensibleCollectionType where C1.Generator.Element == C2.Generator.Element> (source: C1, includeElement: (C1.Generator.Element)->Bool) -> C2 { var result = C2() for element in source { if(includeElement(element)) { result.append(element) } } return result } // same-type version will be used by default let consonant_string = my_filter(s, isConsonant) // but if you declare the result as a specific type, the // second version will be used: let consonant_array = my_filter(s, isConsonant) as Array
Third, there's the big gotcha that means this wouldn't be a good idea, but that I haven't thought of. If you have, leave a comment or tweet me.
President Trump on Tuesday said the legal battle over his controversial executive order on travel and refugees could wind up at the Supreme Court.
"We're going to take it through the system," Trump told reporters during a meeting with sheriffs at the White House. "It's very important for the country."
Trump expressed hope the legal wrangling would resolve itself before it reaches the nation's highest court, saying the executive order he issued is “common sense.”
“Some things are law, and I'm all in favor of that, and some things are common sense,” he said. “This is common sense.”
Trump declined to make a firm prediction on how the fight would end. “We'll see what happens,” he added.
ADVERTISEMENT
Trump's order suspends resettlement of refugees from all nations for at least four months and indefinitely bars those from Syria. It also slaps a 90-day ban on travel from seven Muslim-majority nations in the Middle East and Africa.
The president has said the move is necessary to stop “radical Islamic terrorists” from carrying out attacks in the U.S., but critics have derided it as an unconstitutional policy that discriminates against Muslims.
A contentious court battle has put the policy on ice, much to the chagrin of Trump.
U.S. District Court Judge James Robart temporarily blocked the order in a weekend ruling, prompting the president to slam the George W. Bush appointee as a “so-called judge” who is making the U.S. vulnerable to a terrorist strike.
The 9th Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco is set to hear arguments Tuesday on the Department of Justice's emergency request to lift Robart's order and resume enforcement of the travel ban.
This story was updated at 11:19 a.m.
Ted Cruz was the victim of a heavenly prank.
11.6k SHARES Tweet
KINGDOM OF HEAVEN, ETERNITY — At his daily press briefing, Larry “God”Schumway addressed the fact that Senator Ted Cruz has dropped out of the 2016 presidential race. Reporters were curious how someone who was told directly by God himself to run could wind-up not only without the nomination, but dropping out well before the convention in Cleveland this summer.
The heavenly press asked God if he really did tell Senator Cruz to run, as the Texas Republican claimed early on in the primary process. Mr. Schumway explained that he did in fact tell Heidi Cruz, wife of Ted, that he should run, but that it was “at the end of a very late night filled with a lot of heavenly sacramental wine” and that he was “fighting back the giggles the whole time.”
“I was crank calling the silly fuck,” God told reporters of his directive to Cruz to run, “And this crazy demagogue thinks I was serious? It was just a practical joke.”
God said that initially his prank was only supposed to last a couple weeks. He said that in his mind no one would really take a guy like Cruz — who Schumway described as “a loose bag of farts with mean talking points” — seriously and vote for him for a powerful office such as the presidency. But when Donald Trump entered the race, God says he couldn't resist watching the two “titans of inanity duke it out.”
“Why would I want someone who claims to be a Christian but is the most judgmental man in the race to be president,” God told reporters when asked if he was worried that a man who proclaims his Christian faith so strongly has been rejected by voters so badly. He insisted that his “son literally died for everyone's sins” only so that “everyone would stop being so judgmental of each other” and Cruz clearly does not understand what “that whole ‘we've all sinned and fall short of the glory of me' thing” is about.
James' newest satirical compilation is out now and available from Amazon, Barnes & Noble, and soon at WalMart.com.
Before turning the press conference away from American politics to more important affairs, God made sure to reiterate his position on Cruz.
“Anyway, no, I never wanted Cruz to be president,” God said, “I was fucking with him.”
Only John Kasich remains as Trump's sole challenge to the Republican nomination. When asked for comment on the GOP in general, God laughed a hearty, heavenly laugh.
“What you're seeing there right now,” God explained, “is what happens when you pretend that you don't have to play in the same reality others do, create your very own special news network, and hide, skew and obfuscate the truth from your audience for almost 20 years, and all the while you pump them full of distrust for everyone. They turn on you. The party of Lincoln is now the party of stinkin'. And it couldn't have happened to a more deserving bunch of pricks.”
While punishing students by spanking them with paddles at school seems like a scene from Little House on the Prairie , it's still a reality for students in 19 states across the U.S., an NPR report reveals.
Whether it's a wooden paddle or fiberglass board, students in states like Florida endure the punishments on a daily basis, according to the Center for Effective Discipline.
"I have been getting them since about first grade," Lucas Mixon, a junior at Holmes County High School in Bonifay, Fla, told NPR. "It's just regular. They tell you to put your hands up on the desk and how many swats you're going to get."
Cole Long, a senior at the school told NPR that one school official is particularly aggressive.
"The assistant principal, he hurts," Long says. "I've had it plenty of times from him and he gives it to us a little more."
Long said, however, that he doesn't think the policy should change -- saying it teaches students respect.
Last year Chris Petrasek, a 48-year-old teacher, faced charges of assault and battery after he spanked three students at Oakridge Middle School in Lake Wylie, S.C.
The students told the Associated Press they recieved the punishment for earning bad grades and talking out of turn.
The St. John's Military School in Salina, Kan., doesn't just permit corporal punishment for students, it employs upperclassmen to carry it out.
The punishments have allegedly spanned further than a paddle spanking, and the school now faces a lawsuit for claims that the students, or "Disciplinarians" bound, gagged, and urniated on the students they were punishing.
According to NPR, the most recent data on school spankings is from 2006, which show that 223,190 students endured coporal punishment -- 3,661 of them in Florida.
Many journalists and "social commentators" have written the same material for years, and would have to admit they were wrong – which, let's face it, has rarely happened.
I was left in Guantanamo Bay for five and a half years, unable to communicate with the outside world. Even now, after being cleared, I am still accused of "admitting to training with al-Qaeda", which is untrue. I was suicidal at the time of the plea, and pleaded what is called an Alford plea, which means that I maintained my innocence, but acknowledged that the Military Commissions system was rigged to secure convictions – even military prosecutors have said this. The only other so-called admissions were obtained after I had been subjected to ten-hour beatings, endured broken bones, and guns pointed at my head, was deprived of sleep, injected with psychotropic substances and left in isolation for months.
That's why evidence obtained under torture is never admissible or relied upon, and outlawed in every civilised country in the world. I can only conclude that those who keep asking me the repetitive questions, and keep retelling the same old misinformation, aren't interested in the truth and think that torture is acceptable.
To just focus on why I was in Afghanistan and ignore the crimes committed against us in Guantanamo, seems to be a diversionary tactic to try to prevent people from asking more pressing questions around my case – like why the Australian government sold out one of its own citizens to protect the Bush administration, and why successive Australian governments have refused to independently investigate what happened to me. What really worries me is that because of the careless and blatantly political way my case was handled, it means that others are more likely to be subjected to the same treatment because those involved got away with it.
My struggle for justice was always about clearing my name and exposing what happened so that it never happens to anyone again. It was never about money or I would have sued them years ago. Asking those responsible for keeping me in Guantanamo to help me with my medical costs is hardly asking much considering that it has now been formally recognised that I didn't do anything. The injuries I continue to suffer occurred as a direct result of the Howard government's refusal to bring me back to Australia, when they had the ability to do so.
The deputy director of the Hudson County jail was indicted by a grand jury yesterday on charges that he illegally wiretapped fellow employees at the jail, authorities said yesterday.
In January, Kirk Eady, 46, was charged with using a website between March and July 2012 to place telephone calls to four Hudson County jail employees. The website allowed Eady to conceal the telephone numbers from where the calls originated and also call and record two people simultaneously.
The site also made it appear that those people, and not Eady, originated the call.
Eady, who has worked at the jail for more than 24 years, recorded these telephone conversations and did not inform the Hudson County Correctional Center employees that he was recording them, federal prosecutors said.
They also claim Eady, of East Brunswick, admitted to a cooperating witness that he had recorded conversations with three employees. According to court documents, Eady, a former Hudson County high school basketball star, recorded the employees without their permission.
Eady, who was earning $120,000 a year before he was suspended, told the cooperating witness that one of the jail employees he recorded had been operating a website on which derogatory comments about Eady were made.
The illegal interception offense with which Eady is charged is punishable by a maximum potential penalty of five years in prison and a $250,000 fine.
In late February Eady filed retirement papers.
In March 2013, federal authorities seized two computers, an external hard drive, and bank account statements from Eady's office and also went to his home, The Jersey Journal reported at the time.
Your browser does not support inline frames or is currently configured not to display inline frames.
"Okay, see one time Randy Beaman's mom was on the porch, and she felt a lick, and she thought it was the dog, but it wasn't, it was just this crazy guy who did that a lot."
"Okay, one time Randy Beaman was at school, and he was at lunch, and he was eating a baloney sandwich, and this one kid makes this noise like, PHHHHPPPPP!!! And Randy Beaman laughed so hard baloney came out his nose! Really..."
"Okay, so Randy Beaman used to have to take baths with his brother, but then his brother took a potty in the bathtub and now Randy Beaman takes baths by himself."
"Okay, so one time Randy Beaman's mom threw a party, and they had this bean dip and everybody ate it and said it was really good, only it wasn't bean dip, they made a mistake, it was really dog food."
"Okay, so one time Randy Beaman met this really creepy guy. And he says to the guy, "GET LOST." And then he really did and then nobody ever found the guy."
"So Randy Beaman's mom said for him to eat lots of carrots, so he could see really good in the dark, and so Randy Beaman ate carrots all the time and he turned orange. True."
"One time Randy Beaman was alone in his bed, and he was in the dark, and he saw some shadows and thought it was Dracula, but his mom said it was the coat hanging on the rack, and he turned on the light and it really was Dracula."
"One time Randy Beaman ate some corn flakes only it wasn't corn flakes it was his brother's scab collection....."
"Okay, this is SCARY! One time Randy Beaman was asleep, and he heard SCRATCH SCRATCH SCRATCH in the hall, and he woke up and there was nothing there....So the next night he heard SCRATCH SCRATCH SCRATCH on his door, and then he woke up and there was nothing there.... So the next night he heard SCRATCH SCRATCH SCRATCH on his bed, and he woke up and you know what it was? HIS MOM'S LEE PRESS-ON NAILS HAD COME ALIVE, AND THEY WERE AFTER RANDY BEAMAN!!
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!
Ok, bye."
Granlund, 23, collected 39 points (8-31=39), a plus-17 rating and averaged 17:54 in TOI/game in 68 games with Minnesota in 2014-15. He ranked third on the team in plus/minus and fifth in scoring and set career highs in games played, plus/minus, hits, faceoffs taken and faceoffs won and TOI/game. The 5-foot-10, 185-pound native of Oulu, Finland, added six points (2-4=6) and a plus-2 rating in 10 playoff contests. Granlund has tallied 88 points (18-70=88) in 158 NHL games during three seasons with Minnesota and owns 13 points (6-7=13) in 23 playoffs matches.
He has participated in eight international tournaments for Finland, was named the 2010 Rookie of the Year in Finland and helped lead HIFK Helsinki to the 2011 playoff championship after leading the league in playoff scoring. Granlund was originally selected by the Wild in the first round (ninth overall) of the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.
Palestinian Authority security forces reportedly used live fire to disperse a violent protest by Palestinian youths gathered in the Deheishe refugee camp outside of Bethlehem in the West Bank on Sunday evening.
Police were said to have used live bullets, tear gas and stun grenades against demonstrators hurling rocks and Molotov cocktails, according to Palestinian news agency Ma'an.
Dozens of Palestinians marched from Deheishe to the nearby village of Artas to protest legal proceedings brought against six Palestinian activists arrested by the Palestinian Authority last year, one of whom was killed in a shootout with the Israeli military earlier this month, and against alleged police brutality during a demonstration outside the Magistrate's Court in Ramallah earlier Sunday.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
The six were detained last April on charges of possession of illegal weapons and planning an attack against Israel. After the arrests, Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas told the German daily Der Spiegel that the operation had been the fruit of security cooperation between Israel and the PA. Ma'an reported that the six were tortured while in PA custody.
They were released six months later, according to a Palestinian court ruling, after they went on a hunger strike that grabbed headlines in Palestinian media.
Among them was Basel Al-A'araj, 31, a prominent activist in campaigns against Israel and the Palestinian Authority and a well-known local personality who was killed last week in a Ramallah hideout after he opened fire at Israeli forces who came to arrest him, the IDF said.
After his release from PA prison, he had appeared on an Israeli wanted list, and four of his same associates were rearrested by Israeli forces. An IDF operation to arrest him last week descended into a shootout, resulting in his death, according to the Israeli military which also said that an M-16 rifle and an improvised Carlo-style submachine gun were found in the house.
Dubbed the “intellectual martyr,” his killing sparked widespread mourning in Palestinian society as well as in Turkey, Jordan, Lebanon and among some in Israel.
On Friday, the army backtracked on its decision to hand over the remains of Al-A'araj's body, the Palestinian Red Crescent said. The IDF confirmed that it would not yet be handing over the body, but declined to say if it had ever planned to.
The lawyer of the other four re-detained suspects filed for the charges against them to be dropped in the Ramallah Magistrate Court, a request ignored by the judge, who postponed the trial until April arguing that they might be released by Israel by then and could face the proceedings.
The charges against Al-A'araj were dropped after his death certificate was procured, Ma'an reported.
Earlier Sunday, Palestinian Authority security forces used batons and tear gas to suppress a protest against the legal proceedings outside the Magistrate's Court in Ramallah and where the case against Al-A'araj was eventually dropped.
Video showed Palestinian security forces beating back protesters with batons and violently dragging men and women away from the scene. Police also fired tear gas into the crowd.
لحظة إطلاق الأجهزة الأمنية لقنابل الغاز المسيل للدموع مباشرة تجاه المتظاهرين في مدينة #رام_الله اليوم.#سيحاكمكم_باسل pic.twitter.com/QJqXr6Nt8e — شبكة قدس الإخبارية (@qudsn) March 12, 2017
Ma'an reported that six protesters were detained and 11 were injured, among them Mahmoud al-A'araj, A'araj's father.
Protesters shouted “the son of the martyr,” as security forces beat A'araj's father while he lay on the ground, videos from the scene showed.
All aboard, because it's time to do the locomotion and suffer through some painful train puns! In this episode, we discuss the 2nd Tamers movie, "Runaway Locomon". We debate how the movie fits into the Tamers canon, complain about poorly written motivation, and lament the potential of Parasimon as a villain.
Coming soon
Coming soon
Coming soon
Special Thanks
Our Impmon artwork is by VeemonTamer on Twitter, where she tweets about Super Smash Bros, Digimon, and art. You can find her portfolio here to see all her other cool art (including lots more Digimon stuff).
The podcast is made possible with support from our awesome Patremon. If you want to support the show and get some cool rewards (like stickers, buttons, and early episodes), check out our Patreon campaign.
The intro, outro, and transition music for this episode feature the Japanese opening song for Tamers, “The Biggest Dreamer” by Wada Kouji. Additionally, the intro features the English opening for Frontier and the Movie 4-6 dubs, composed by Chris Horvath.
Anyone would agree, Archie comics are a fairly wholesome, squeaky clean read. They're fun for a laugh, but would never offer anything edgy or risqué, right? Think again. In the 1970s, Archie and his pals were a bunch of crazed perverts.
Archie comics always captured the blinding slap-happy horniness of adolescence, but in the 70s things got kicked up a notch. The boys of Riverdale High are straight-up ‘unzipped' – i.e. when a pretty girl crosses their line of sight, the wheels simply come off…
Remember those Tex Avery cartoons where the wolf would lose complete control when getting a look at a foxy dame? Well, every male student at Riverdale is just as maniacally randy. It's like there's something in the water – the whole school in a constant state of arousal!
Archie Andrews is a sucker for a pair of go-go boots. Can't say as I blame him…. but is this necessary? I hope Veronica carries mace in those hot pants. Arch is clearly out of control.
Cripes! These guys are literally standing by this woman sweating and panting. I wonder what we'd see if we could zoom out to get the whole picture. Synchronized public masturbation is wrong, folks. Keep our beaches clean.
This scene looks fairly benign in a comic book, but I'd imagine it would be pretty scary in real life. These males are just closing in on this woman. Nothing good can come of this.
Even the gay population at Riverdale can't help but whistle at a miniskirt. Truly, this is a land where gawking and pawing at females is not only accepted, but a way of life.
Notice the legs turning to Jell-O. Males in Rivedale quite literally have immediate debilitating physical reactions at the sight of a pretty girl. They lose all motor skills and cannot so much as walk without falling apart at the seams.
This is without question my all-time favorite. Reggie and Archie check out Betty and Veronica and instantly become shockingly erect. There can be no other interpretation.
Of all the guys associated with Archie, Jughead was the most reserved in his horniness. Perhaps it was the weed that killed his sex drive. I don't know. But he still had his moments.
“Don't bruise that body”
This panel is from one of those Archie comic ‘Hostess Fruit Pie' adverts that were so common back in the Seventies. Something peculiar is going on here: three horny gentleman and an incapacitated female spells trouble. The ginger is obviously excited about what comes next.
Archie and Reggie are understandably smitten by the baton twirlers.
A wide-eyed Reggie shouting “OOOO! EEEEE! AAAAH!”…. not so understandable. Quite disturbing, actually.
Each and every issue Betty and Veronica would claw each other's eyes out to get a piece of Archie. Yet, that wasn't enough to satisfy his insatiable lust. Archie had to have more.
Riverdale's hyper-sexuality wasn't limited to the student body, either. A long legged secretary was all it took for Mr. Lodge's glasses to pop off his head, and become completely unglued.
Mr. Lodge had no silly hang-ups about age. So what if these girls were the same age as his daughter… this is the Seventies, man!
Yet, I draw the line with Betty…
It would seem Mr. Lodge is sporting wood dancing with his daughter's friend. Things are getting creepy… best to move on.
So far, we've only discussed the out-of-control sex drive of the male population. The girls are no saints. When it comes to the giant orgy that is Riverdale, the gals were by no means innocent bystanders.
You've got to hand it to B&V. They were smart liberated chicks, but they weren't afraid to work it when the need arose.
Did Veronica just say what I think she said? The expression on their faces is priceless.
She's talkin' about the tickets, Mr. Weatherbee. Get your mind out of the gutter. Get it together man!!
One thing that amazes me when looking through these Archie comics from the 70s is how quickly Dan DeCarlo would get Betty and Veronica naked – or damn close to it. DeCarlo had a long illustrious history of drawing naughty cartoons for Playboy (and other adult publications), so I guess it shouldn't surprise me. Plus, it was the seventies, and everybody seemed to be in some state of undress.
Great question, Mr. Lodge. What did happen to these two?
I think I've more than demonstrated my point. So, before we end this tour through the horny teenage wasteland that is Riverdale, here are four panels of insane declarations of horniness. HI-YI-YI-YI-YI!
The funeral for 14-year-old Christian Migwi will be held this afternoon in Behchoko, N.W.T.
His mother, Jennifer Migwi, says he was a victim of relentless teasing and cyberbullying after moving to Edmonton three years ago with his family.
Christian took his life on Nov. 1, while his mother was at work.
"I miss him so much and I really wish he was in my arms, and I pray for him, and I want him to pray for us and everyone else to give us strength."
Christian Migwi, 14, was the victim of relentless cyberbullying after moving to Edmonton., his mother says. (Facebook)
Migwi said most of the bullying came from young people in the North, who teased her son on Facebook about moving to Edmonton. She said Christian would try to delete the posts before she would see them.
She said her son's new school was aware of the bullying and offered counselling.
He went for one session, but was shy and didn't say much.
Meanwhile, the bullying continued.
Experts are often reluctant to draw a direct link between bullying and suicide, because of the complex factors at play. A study released in 2012 suggested that cyberbullying is rarely the main cause of suicide.
But the online taunting is unacceptable, his mother said.
"Everybody should stop,” Migwi said. “If you look on his Facebook page, you can see that a lot of people are hurting. He is missed by a lot of people. The bullying has to stop."
Christian leaves behind his mother, father and two younger brothers, Hunter, 6, and DJ, 4.
"DJ is a bit young to understand everything. When we told Hunter, he broke down … and now he understands."
The funeral begins at 2 p.m. today in Behchoko at St. Michael's Parish.
A feast, hand games, and a drum dance will follow.
ITALY is once more acting as a brake on the rest of the euro zone. On October 29th Antonio Golini, the acting head of the national statistics office, said the economy had continued to shrink in the third quarter. That contradicted the government's view that the country's longest recession since the second world war had already bottomed out. On the same day the finance minister, Fabrizio Saccomanni, revised downward, from -1.7% to -1.8%, his prediction for the economy's performance in 2013. Even if growth returns in the fourth quarter, all sides agree that it will be anaemic. The lack of economic growth will make it more difficult for the government to hold its deficit-to-GDP ratio below the euro zone-mandated 3% ceiling and prevent its whopping debts of €2 trillion ($2.8 trillion) from rising above today's level of 130% of GDP.
Italy's depressing outlook is having scant impact on the media and the markets. Only one leading Italian daily chose to report Mr Golini's bucket of cold water. And the next day investors bought 3 billion of ten-year Italian treasury bonds with a coupon of just 4.11%. The markets seem convinced that America's central bank will keep money loose until at least next spring and, above all, trust the undertaking from Mario Draghi, the president of the European Central Bank, that he would do “whatever it takes” to save the euro. Hence, investors have let the spread between returns on Italian and German benchmark debt slip to 250 basis points from 475 when Mr Draghi made his promise in July 2012.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
The trouble with this sanguine view is that Italy's bleak fundamentals have so far done little to bring about the political stability needed for structural economic reform. Mr Letta's left-right coalition was a child of necessity—the outcome of the refusal of Beppe Grillo's Five-Star Movement (M5S) to join either side in government after taking 25% of the vote in February's general election. But there was at least the hope that the centre-left Democratic Party (PD), to which Mr Letta belongs, and the People of Freedom (PdL), founded by Silvio Berlusconi, would be inspired by the country's economic outlook to work in relative harmony.
Instead, the government has had to operate under mounting fire from the section of the PdL closest to Mr Berlusconi. The media proprietor and former prime minister has bullied the government into fulfilling his campaign promise to kill off a property levy. And, partly because of that, Mr Saccomanni's budget for 2014 will do little to stimulate growth.
Mr Berlusconi, who was found guilty of tax fraud in August, also seems to feel that Mr Letta should have intervened to stop him being convicted, or at least save him from the consequences of the verdict. The most dramatic of these is likely to take effect later this month when the senate votes on whether to expel him.
Mr Berlusconi's stance has opened a deep rift in his party between “hawks”, who want to bring the government down, and a faction that recently thwarted an attempt to do so. Several of the “doves”, including the deputy prime minister, Angelino Alfano, sit in Mr Letta's cabinet. On October 25th Mr Alfano and four others boycotted a meeting of the PdL's top brass at which Mr Berlusconi confirmed that he wanted the movement rebranded as Forza Italia (“Come on Italy”), the name of the party he founded at the start of his political career in the early 1990s. Though Mr Alfano said later that Mr Berlusconi's leadership was not at issue, the two camps seem to be drifting inexorably towards a split.
In the meantime, a similar division could open up on the left. On December 8th a popular vote will decide who takes over the leadership of the PD. Few doubts it will be the eloquent, if untested, mayor of Florence, Matteo Renzi. Notwithstanding his protestations of loyalty to the government, the temptation to connive at its downfall will be considerable, and will grow with passing every day, as Mr Letta adds to his experience and gravitas.
A moderate with considerable appeal to voters of the centre-right, the 38-year-old Mr Renzi holds out the promise of an outright victory for the centre-left that in turn could bring about decisive government and effective reform. Yet pollsters warn that if a vote were held before the electoral law is changed, it could produce much the same result as last time. Opinion polls show M5S holding on to more than 20% of the electorate, which is probably enough to produce another gridlocked parliament. In spite of the pressing demands of economic reality, Italy's elected representatives are likely to waste more precious time in the coming months.
Marshal of the RAF Sir Michael Beetham, who has died aged 92, was, with the exception of the RAF's founder, MRAF the Lord Trenchard, the longest serving Chief of the Air Staff (CAS).
In a career that took him from flying bombing raids to Berlin during the Second World War to overseeing the RAF's successful role in the Falklands War he was never less than personally courageous and a tenacious champion of the Force.
Beetham became CAS on August 1 1977 after Sir Neil Cameron had been promoted to be Chief of the Defence Staff following the untimely death of Marshal of the RAF Sir Andrew Humphrey.
He inherited the appointment at a difficult time and at a relatively young age. Recognising the seriously impaired morale of the service following the heavy cuts his predecessors had been compelled to accept, he set about restoring some stability and improving the terms of service of RAF personnel.
Along with his fellow Chiefs, he had to address the severe problems of service pay, which were seriously hindering recruitment and causing an exodus of skilled people. The need for the military to meet the demands of the fireman's strike at the end of 1977 brought the issue into the public domain. By the middle of April 1978, the Labour Government had not addressed the matter, so the four Chiefs released details to the national press.
The story was covered in considerable detail and it attracted much public support but it earned the Chiefs a very sharp public reprimand from the Prime Minister. Within a few weeks the Armed Forces Pay Review Board recommended a significant pay increase. On his first visit to an RAF station after this result, Beetham earned a spontaneous round of applause.
Soon after the election of Margaret Thatcher's government in 1979 he faced further serious challenges when it was decided to carry out a major defence review. Beetham had ensured that the senior appointments on the Air Staff were filled by the brightest men of that RAF generation. Thus he was well-equipped to fight the RAF's corner, which he did with considerable skill, tenacity and resolve, during the “Nott Review”.
Photo: UK CROWN/ MOD
While major issues such as the purchase of Trident and the deployment of cruise missiles were being debated at Chiefs of Staff level, there were many RAF matters also engaging his attention. The Tornado had just entered service and he had to defend it against much unjustified criticism in the early days. The RAF's air defence posture was also far from satisfactory and the purchase of helicopters and development of the transport force were other important issues. He was also determined to build up the RAF Regiment and the revived Royal Auxiliary Air Force which had been cut in the 1957 Defence White Paper.
He was nearing retirement when the Argentine forces invaded the Falkland Islands on April 2 1982. As Admiral Sir Terence Lewin was in Australia for defence talks, Beetham was acting Chief of Defence Staff. He was undoubtedly vexed by the direct approach made by Admiral Leach, the First Sea Lord, to the Prime Minister, without any prior consultation with his fellow Chiefs, during which he convinced her that the islands could be retaken by an amphibious-led assault.
He put this episode aside, however, and set about energetically drawing up plans on how the RAF could be involved most effectively. At the heart of this was Beetham's concern that the RAF should make a direct operational contribution and not be confined solely to the re-supply of men and materials. He put the whole of the RAF's transport fleet on standby, despatched Nimrods to Ascension Island and pressed successfully for the employment of RAF Harriers from the Navy's aircraft carriers.
With his knowledge of strategic bombing and his expertise on air-to-air refuelling, he instructed his staffs to assess if a bombing attack against Port Stanley Airfield was feasible. He appreciated that there was little prospect of inflicting lasting, or major, damage but he believed such an attack, mounted at extreme range – the longest bombing operation from base to target at the time – would send a clear message to the Argentines that air power based on Ascension Island could pose a major threat to mainland Argentina, in addition to boosting the morale of the islanders.
He realised that such an attack was an especially demanding undertaking for his Vulcan bomber and Victor tanker crews but he pushed for it in the face of some scepticism in Whitehall.
Photo: UK CROWN/MOD
For Beetham, the operation was a potent illustration of the case for the strategic impact and flexibility of air power which he had argued for during the previous year's defence review, and a confirmation that the qualities of daring and courage which he had experienced in Bomber Command during his time as a Lancaster pilot in the Second World War were still present in the service which he led. His personal staffs later recalled that at the moment he learned of the success of the operation, his eyes filled with tears and he beat his hand with his fist, a rare display of emotion.
A few months after the end of the Falklands conflict, Beetham handed over the reins to his successor and retired from the service.
The son of Major G C Beetham MC, Michael James Beetham was born on May 17 1923 in London and educated at St Marylebone Grammar School. He volunteered for the RAF in 1941 and trained as a pilot in the USA under the US/UK bi-lateral Arnold Scheme.
On his return to England, Beetham trained on Lancasters, an aircraft he would describe later in his life as the one for which he had the greatest affection. He joined Bomber Command's No 50 Squadron in November 1943 just as the Battle of Berlin had got under way and flew his Lancaster to the city no fewer than ten times. He also flew on the disastrous raid to Nuremberg on the night of March 30/31 1944 when 96 of the bomber force failed to return. Such losses had a profound affect on the 20-year-old Beetham.
Although his bomber was damaged by anti-aircraft fire on a number of occasions, he faced his greatest danger on a training flight when he and his crew were forced to bale out of their burning Lancaster. He went on to survive 30 operations over Germany when the losses were at their highest. Assessed as an outstanding pilot, he was awarded the DFC for his gallantry and leadership.
After a period training bomber crews, he returned to operations as the war ended and dropped food supplies to the starving Dutch population during April and May 1945.
Offered a permanent commission in the peacetime RAF, Beetham served at HQ Bomber Command. In August 1949 he assumed command of No 82 Squadron flying Lancasters on photographic survey and aerial mapping for the Colonial Office in East and West Africa.
Photo: Christopher Cox
In 1953 he moved to the operational requirements branch in the Air Ministry where the issues of bringing the three V-bombers into service took up much of his time. He was closely involved in drafting the specification for the TSR 2 aircraft, and its subsequent cancellation was, in his view, a grave mistake. During this period he attended the 1956 atomic weapons trials at Maralinga, Australia, where he witnessed the four tests. This experience had a major influence on his later strategic thinking and the employment of nuclear weapons.
Beetham joined the V-Force in 1958 when he was given command of No 214 Squadron operating the Valiant. The squadron was about to embark on air-to-air refuelling trials. He recognised the strategic significance this capability afforded for projecting air power at extreme range and he strove to perfect the flying techniques and procedures. A year later he felt ready to demonstrate the value of this additional capability with a number of special long-distance flights.
On July 9 1959 he and his crew took off from Marham in Norfolk and headed for South Africa. Refuelling in flight twice, they arrived over Cape Town after a flight of 11 hours 28 minutes. A few days later they returned in just over 12 hours. These two non-stop flights broke the speed record for the distance and provided a convincing demonstration of the feasibility and potential of air-to-air refuelling. For his work, Beetham was awarded the AFC.
Then almost totally a Bomber Command man, Beetham spent the next four years in senior staff appointments working for some of the Command's most dedicated and forthright commanders. These challenging times included the Cuban missile crisis and the shooting down of Gary Powers over the Soviet Union, an incident which exposed the vulnerability of the Valiants and other V-force aircraft to a new generation of Soviet Missiles. The cancellation of Skybolt and the acquisition of Polaris, which led to the transfer of the UK's strategic nuclear deterrent capability to the Royal Navy, had major implications for Bomber Command and he was deeply involved in the staff work.
Identified as heading for the top of his service, there was a need to broaden his experience. So, in 1964, he was sent to Aden to command Khormaksar, then the RAF's largest operational base, operating a wide variety of tactical and transport aircraft, but no bombers. His arrival coincided with the start of a major terrorist campaign against British forces and his squadrons were in action over Radfan and in support of ground forces throughout the troubled colony.
After two years as the Director of Strike Operations in MOD, Beetham took command of the RAF's Staff College at Bracknell. In August 1972, he became Assistant Chief of Staff (Plans and Policy) at SHAPE, an appointment that over a number of years attracted the RAF's most capable senior officers. He worked under the charismatic and bullish American General Al Haig and his work was at the heart of Nato policy making, in particular the nuclear planning aspects. This unique opportunity to work in the international arena was to prove a great asset in his future appointments.
After a period as the Deputy C-in-C at Strike Command, he left in January 1976 to be the C-in-C of RAF Germany and Commander Second Allied Tactical Air Force. His RAF squadrons were in the midst of a major aircraft re-equipment programme and there was great emphasis on the ability of his airbases to survive any pre-emptive attack.
This exposure to tactical operations and integrating his squadrons' capabilities with those of other Allied air and land forces was invaluable when he took up his appointment as CAS. Beetham always maintained that his time in Germany was one of his most challenging and satisfying.
Throughout his career, Beetham was determined to keep flying and remain abreast of current capabilities and tactics. He was a very determined man who dominated his service during his time as CAS giving it strong leadership. He fought tenaciously for the RAF's cause and was unafraid of taking a combative stance if he felt it necessary. No detail escaped his attention, and he was always the master of his brief.
At heart, and more privately, he was an intensely loyal and compassionate man. He was, however, a product of his generation in not overtly displaying that latter quality. Indeed, he was seen by some as an authoritarian figure, not a natural communicator, and he never sought popularity but he was considered by many to be one of the RAF's strongest and most influential Cold War chiefs.
After retiring from the RAF, Beetham's services and experience were much in demand. For four years he was chairman of GEC Avionics but the RAF remained his greatest love. For many years he continued to have an influence on numerous service issues, all with a view to improving its capabilities and public image.
He joined the Board of the RAF Museum at Hendon in 1984 at a time when it was emerging from the growing pains of early expansion. The addition of the Battle of Britain and the Bomber Command Halls had over-extended its finances. Beetham was determined to ensure the debts were covered but the fund-raising strategy he inherited was fatally flawed. In characteristically vigorous style, and with the help of key trustees, he negotiated for the debt to be paid through a loan agreement with HM Treasury.
Photo: The Sun
With the survival of the museum in question, Beetham's consistent support of the organisational changes introduced by a new director secured its future. With the foundations laid, he retired in 2000 after 15 years as chairman. In recognition of his significant service the Trustees named their new conservation centre at RAF Cosford after him in 2002.
Determined to put the RAF's history on a formal footing, he was a leading instigator in the formation of the RAF Historical Society in 1986 and remained the society's president until his death. He also gave great support to the RAF Club in Piccadilly and was a long-serving president who took a close interest in the club's affairs.
For many years he was president of the Bomber Command Association. He was instrumental in the erection of a statue to his wartime chief, Sir Arthur Harris, at the RAF Church of St Clement Danes in London. After it became apparent that successive governments would not sanction a Bomber Command Medal, he poured his energy and influence, into the creation of a major memorial to all the lost aircrew of the Command. Despite failing health, he was determined to see the culmination of his efforts and he was able to attend the dedication of the memorial by the Queen in Green Park in July 2012.
Beetham never forgot his lost comrades. In 1981 he unveiled a memorial on the site of his old airfield at Skellingthorpe near Lincoln, which commemorates the 1,984 men killed flying from the airfield. He was assiduous at attending annual reunions, on one occasion meeting up with four men of his old crew who had not seen each other since the end of the war.
A keen golfer and tennis player in his younger days, and in retirement a captain of the Royal Norfolk Golf Club, Beetham was appointed CBE (1967), KCB (1976) and GCB (1978). He was a Deputy Lieutenant of Norfolk, was elected as a Fellow of the Royal Aeronautical Society (1982), and was an Honorary Liveryman of the Guild of Air Pilots and Air Navigators. He was awarded the Polish Order of Merit in 1998.
Michael Beetham married Patricia Lane in 1956 and she survives him with their son and daughter.
Marshal of the RAF Sir Michael Beetham, born May 17 1923, died October 24 2015
Breaking news from Fox.
Brothers Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev spoke of going to New York while driving the streets of Cambridge last Thursday, according to a man who was carjacked and later escaped. The talk came hours before getting int a shootout with police. Tamerlan Tsarnaev, 26, died, and his younger brother is in fair condition in a Boston hospital. While previous reports have said the brothers were coming to the Big Apple "to party," Rep. Peter King, R-N.Y., told Fox News they were planning to set off bombs in Times Square, the tourist mecca targeted by Faisal Shahzad in a failed 2010 plot. “I've heard that from police sources that Times Square was mentioned by the bombers and is believed to have been the next attack, the next possible attack," King said.
In a press conference this afternoon, Mayor Michael Bloomberg confirmed that the bomb brothers planned mayhem at Times Square after successfully bombing the Boston Marathon. New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said the bombers still had six pressure cooker bombs when they engaged in a firefight with police that killed the older brother. They had set off two of those bombs at the finish line at the marathon, killing three and injuring nearly 200.
Did they have additional targets in mind? Was there any connection between the Tsarnaevs and Faisal Shahzad, the man now serving life in prison for trying to bomb Times Square in 2010? Designating the surviving bomber an "enemy combatant" could have helped answer that question, but instead, the Obama administration declined that designation, he was read his Mirand rights, and he is no longer talking.
More: Another mystery that Mirandizing the younger bomber won't help clear up: How and from whom did they learn to build their bombs? Investigators say that they showed "expertise" in how they built and triggered the devices.
Investigators said the two Boston Marathon bombswere triggered by long-range remote controls for toy cars — a more sophisticated design than originally believed — bolstering a theory that the older suspect received bomb-making guidance on his six-month trip to Russia last year. Tamerlan Tsarnaev, who died in a shootout with police last week, "more than likely got some instruction in Dagestan," a federal law enforcement official said Wednesday.
And yet investigators still say no outside group was involved in the bombing. I flat out don't believe that. If they got instruction, that's involvement.
Breaking word is that AG Eric Holder directly ordered Tsarnaev to be Mirandized. Congress needs to haul him to the Hill and ask him if and why he did that. He had to know that he was cutting the terror investigation off. He couldn't know that.
This article is an extract of an interview with Paula Molinari, the founder and President of Whalecom. She is considered to be a leader in Change Management and Human Resources. You can read the original interview in Spanish here.
1- Turn Corporate Values Into Concrete Behaviors
Every company has a list of corporate values. Examples include, “to aim for excellence” or “ to be responsible”. Implementation of corporate values is about materializing those symbolic elements into concrete human behaviors. This is where recognition plays a very important part. For example: if a company states that “ethics” is a very important value, then when an employee demonstrates ethical behavior in a given situation, managers and co-workers ought to acknowledge that behavior.
2- Lead by Example
Management should establish consistency. If there is a list of corporate values but the manager's behaviors do not comply with those principles, then that list will seem useless. The issue that matters most is the strength of the model. So, it is fundamental that the manager act as the role model.
Recognition is also important. Somehow the board management has to devote a little of its time to give recognition to people who behave in the framework of values.
3- Reinforce Time Management and Development
“Time management” is the Number One non-monetary incentive. Most professionals want to have fair compensation, provided they have enough spare time to enjoy it.
It's important to note that “time management” does not necessarily mean “home office”. Time management is the ability to plan, prioritize activities and organize oneself in an efficient manner. Time management means different things to different employees. For example: “handling my time as I see it necessary”, or “I can leave the office at four in the afternoon and continue working from my home”, or “the company rewards me with days off”. Let's say you own a clothing store: salespeople cannot work from home. But you can offer them well paid holidays, or reward good salespeople with more time off.
Development is another important incentive. People want to learn and to be challenged at work; this is even more critical for millennials.
4- Listen To Talented Employees
A better compensation is frequently a good reason why people change jobs but certainly not enough to explain the phenomena. Someone who is looking to improve his/her career is going to prefer companies that offer opportunities for professional growth. Someone who is expecting their second child may look for another job with better remuneration. On the other hand, when you ask people to tell you what their ideal job would be, they tend to forget about salary and mention other things like job satisfaction, personal time/vacation, career development opportunities, etc.
In a nutshell, one could say that people change jobs when they find an opportunity that better fits their current lifestyle. Go beyond salary and find out what your employees need. The art of listening and appreciating are key to talent retention.
5- Think About the Meaning of Success – it's not the same for everyone
When you listen to people talk about success in life, they clearly refer to things that matter the most. Answers tend to be about family, values, relationships, and feeling good. “The things that are important to me.” And it is not always wealth accumulation. It may be important for some people, but not everyone.
For the previous work paradigm, wealth accumulation was fundamental. Now, the use of time is fundamental. It's common to hear this phrase among professionals: “Why should I accumulate money if I do not have the time to spend it? I want enough money to do what I want to do in my spare time.”
6 – Do The Right Thing: Millennials Will Appreciate It
When you listen to young people talk about a cool job, it is usually because the person being described is doing something they enjoy. Young people are not talking about making a lot of money. Although it is still great to earn a good salary when millennials say “John is happy with his work”, or “how cool is John´s job,” it's because John is enjoying what he does.
The purpose of a job may not be important for everyone, but it is for younger generations. In a future world run by millennials, companies that do the right thing are going to be the most attractive employers. Doing the right thing does not only mean “do not pollute”. It means paying taxes, telling the truth. Although simple, it can be quite profound.
7- Change Your Mindset: There is a New Work Paradigm Happening
The previous work paradigm was based on the need for control. The belief that if you don't control your employees, they won't work.As they say, when the cat's away the mice will play. The new paradigm is just the opposite: it's based on the belief that if you trust people and create a consistent framework, employees will operate accordingly.
For the most part, people want to do the right thing and be recognized for it. People value participating, learning and feeling good at work. People value doing meaningful work, no matter the industry.
8- Provide a Great Framework and Give Support
Ever heard of the Pygmalion effect? It's a famous study that shows that if teachers expect good performance from their students, then the student's will perform well. In many ways, this can also be applied for employees.
If you expect your employees to be self-managed and you provide them with a clear framework, then people tend to do their work well. This is demonstrated by new business models, such as Uber, Airbnb, and so many others, which are based on the new work paradigm.
For this, you have to create a framework with clear values, reasonable rules, consistent support and certain facilities. And if someone does something that is not right, it has to be addressed immediately. If there is an employee who is not the right fit – whatever the reasons – the first step is to speak openly. The second step is to support him/her: to help, to teach, to train, to follow up, and to counsel. If the situation persists, then there may not be other recourses other than to let that person go.
9- Anticipate Digital Transformations
Digital transformation will have an impact in every industry: this will be a challenge for Human Resources because they will have to support ways of doing work that are not yet regularized. Labor legislation cannot keep up with reality.
Perhaps one of the main challenges for Human Resources is to overcome resistance to change as well as to provoke it in conservative industries.
10-Stay Updated – Think Outside the Box
In any organization, working in silos can be a real danger. Try to be connected with the outside: other organizations, industries, and specialties. Participate in conferences, workshops, and research teams, be active on LinkedIn, read and listen to peers and experts. Force yourself to look outside the organization where you belong. Think outside the box.
The Calgary Board of Education says it has had to make tough choices in its budget for next year that will result in staff layoffs.
The CBE says 271 support staff — which includes lunchroom supervisors, educational assistants and safety advisors — have been told they could be transferred or laid off next year.
The board says it expects to have only 223 open positions for those employees to fill.
"Our members are facing reduced hours and lesser chances of actually being placed before the fall or in the fall into positions," said Lois Robb, chair of the CBE Staff Association.
She says members are already feeling the pinch of earlier cost cutting.
"The workloads are extreme in some situations. It's a constant battle. Some people just leave," she said.
Robb says the possible job cuts could mean fewer supports for students and teachers in the classroom and fewer safety inspections at schools.
"It's significant, it obviously impacts the students, it impacts the teachers because the teachers are left to cope with fewer supports in the classroom," she said.
In an email to CBC News, the CBE says it has had to make some hard decisions, but that it is working to keep the focus of its resources on students and its core business of teaching and learning.
Nintendo's legendary pair of game development teams in its Kyoto office are now one big organization.
In additional information released subsequent to its naming of Tatsumi Kimishima as its next president, Nintendo has provided more clarification on the large-scale" restructuring of the company's business and development teams.
Most notably for game players that follow the company closely, its Entertainment Analysis & Development team and the Software Planning & Development teams, which had long operated as separate organizations within the company, would be merged into a new team called Entertainment Planning & Development.
EAD was founded in 1983 with Shigeru Miyamoto, whose game Donkey Kong had been the company's first huge hit two years prior, at its head. It was known at the time as R&D4—Nintendo's then-president Hiroshi Yamauchi's strategy was to establish many different creative teams and have them compete against one another for his approval. EAD was the team that created the Super Mario, Legend of Zelda, Star Fox, and Pikmin series, among others.
SPD was created in 2003 when the R&D1 and R&D2 teams were broken up. It's where lots of Nintendo's weirder game projects, like Wario Ware, Metroid, and Rhythm Heaven come from.
Similarly, two other Nintendo teams with similar missions were combined: Integrated Research & Development, which creates Nintendo's game console hardware, and Nintendo System Development, which creates system-level application software like StreetPass, Miiverse, the eShop, etc. The new team, Platform Technology Development, will "create a structure in which we can more broadly and efficiently conduct technology development necessary for new products and services," Nintendo said.
Login to vote this up!
LOOK WHO CAME:
Twisted Jenius
Morty 1
Bill Zoeker 1
VagrantHige 1
Butz 1
galnegus 1
Twisted Jenius 1
OpiumHerz 1
RenaudB90 1
Earlier this week I sent out a round of emails to various indie game sites about an update to my game ( Twisty's Asylum Escapades ). �One of the responses that I got was from indiegamemag.com. I must admit that I was a bit surprised by what the e-mail had to say.It began by going out of its way to explain how "unbiased" IGM is, and explains that they "will never offer or accept payment or other forms of compensation for a favorable review".Then the next paragraph went on to solicit money for their unbiased reviews. They explained that because they are independently owned and not funded by another company, they need support from their community (and evidently their ad revenue that they get from the site is not enough). As a result they are forced to ask for a "small review fee" from the developers."The $50.00 will purchase a completely unbiased, in-depth review of your game"It's important to note that they did specify that the 50 bucks was for an in-depth review and that they would be willing to provide a briefer preview of the game for no charge.So apparently, paying them will not get you a better review of your game, just a longer and more detailed one (they also mentioned that another $50 could buy a 15 minute YouTube video review/walkthrough of your game).While they do seem committed to unbiased reviews, this business model still presents the problem of the quality of the actual games themselves that will be receiving these in-depth reviews and whether the right games will be given the kind of attention that they deserve.Now I'm relatively new to indie game marketing, but something seemed a little off about this to me. This isn't a practice that I'm familiar with and, after doing some searching around the Internet, I can't seem to find anything about this going on as a regular thing (if this is something that happens often, or is a normal practice, feel free to correct me).One other thing that I'd like to point out is that this e-mail was sent "On Behalf Of Chris Newton". According to this post ( http://www.indiegamemag.com/under-new-management-sort-of/ ) dated November 1st, 2013 on IGM, Mr. Newton only recently gained ownership of the business. Perhaps this move towards paid reviews is part of his "re-focusing" efforts?I can understand why something like this would raise some red flags for many gamers out there. Personally, as a developer and businessman myself, I can understand why IGM would want to monetize in this way. On the surface it seems like a good symbiotic relationship between this online magazine and game developers who want their games to be covered. The thing that I was a bit offended by is the "unbiased" element of this. This sort of bizarre compromise between minor corruption and journalistic integrity is a bit inefficient. It would be the best just to go one way or the other. �If I'm going to pay money for a review of my game, I expect it to be horribly biased!
New research from Alphabet's life science company, Verily, and Google shows that one day there might be a far easier test to determine risk of heart disease.
Researchers were able to find new indicators of heart disease risk present in pictures of retinas by analyzing them with artificial intelligence, according to a paper published Thursday by researchers at Google and Verily, which has not been peer reviewed. Doctors today rely heavily on blood tests to determine risk of heart disease; a potential test based on retinal images would be less invasive, easier to obtain, and faster to analyze with AI.
While mainstream medicine has found a number of signals that indicate heart disease on retinal images, the Google and Verily algorithm was able to find indicators of age, gender, whether the patient smoked, blood pressure, and information about the level of sugar in a person's blood on its own. Then after analyzing how those traits influenced future cardiovascular attacks, Google claims the system nearly matched the accuracy of a standard test for estimating the risk of heart failure, the European SCORE system. That system uses data from a blood test.
While Google claims that its test was comparable to the SCORE test, the paper doesn't contain results for a standard equivalency test based on the outcome, which would indicate whether AI truly was as good as a doctor. It's worth noting again that the paper hasn't been reviewed or accepted by any accredited journal, and Alphabet stands to benefit greatly if it can develop new software for indicating heart disease risk without needing to take a blood sample.
One author on the paper, Lily Peng, made headlines last year for similar research using retinal images, except using AI to detect blindness associated with diabetes.
The Google and Verily experiment used data from nearly 300,000 people, but the data largely came from just two different places. The paper notes that the dataset is mainly composed of white and hispanic patients. The authors caution that while the system achieved good results, a dataset of less than 300,000 patients is still small for AI, and should be tested further.
(CNN) -- Some people check their appearance in any mirror, window or computer screen they can find, but not out of vanity. It's because they hate the way they look so much.
An obsession with one or more bodily features, normally in the face, indicates a condition called body dysmorphic disorder. This mental illness, which leads some patients to seek multiple plastic surgeries, is not uncommon; 1 to 2 percent of the population is thought to have it. But most people who have the disorder don't get a diagnosis; they just think they are ugly, said Dr. Jamie Feusner psychiatrist at the University of California, Los Angeles.
Some celebrities have BDD, but few have been public about it, Feusner said. He and colleagues have treated celebrities at UCLA, but cannot disclose which ones.
"Everyone else would consider them attractive -- they don't consider themselves attractive," he said.
It turns out that people with this condition have abnormal brain function when it comes to looking at pictures of their own faces, according to a new study led by Feusner and published in the Archives of General Psychiatry.
When viewing themselves in photographs, patients with BDD underutilize parts of the brain used in seeing the face's overall shape and size, he said.
"If you just see the pieces of your face, and not seeing how they fit into the whole, then it's going to look distorted," he said. "That's how we interpret the findings."
Researchers used functional magnetic resonance imaging to look at the brains of participants as they viewed photographs of their own faces and familiar faces. Subjects viewed pictures that were high spatial resolution (showing details such as skin blemishes), and low spatial resolution (showing the general shape of the face), and unaltered.
The findings showed that when the BDD patients viewed normal and low-resolution photos of themselves, they had abnormal brain activity in visual processing systems. Also, the part of the brain that helps guide behavior and maintain emotional flexibility, the frontostriatal systems, had unusual activation patterns.
"What we think may be happening is that they may be seeing details, perhaps even seeing details normally, but that they're not able to contextualize it," he said.
Although the sample size is small -- 17 patients with BDD and 16 healthy people participated -- for a functional imaging study a 32-person subject group is reasonable, experts say.
The study is "groundbreaking" in its demonstration that patients with BDD are too focused on the details aren't able to see the whole picture when they see themselves, said Sabine Wilhelm, director of the BDD Clinic and Research Unit at Massachusetts General Hospital, who was not involved in the study. This can be observed anecdotally in treatment, but this study confirms it at the level of brain processing, she said.
Feusner's previous research found that when BDD patients viewed the faces of other people -- not their own faces -- the brain's left hemisphere, associated with categorization and details, was more active. Healthy individuals used the right hemisphere, the part of brain that processes more holistically.
It is too early to directly apply the findings to treatment, but one possibility is that patients with BDD could be retrained to see their own faces, he said.
Treatments available today for BDD include medications called selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors, also used for depression and anxiety disorders, and cognitive behavioral therapy, Wilhelm said. She also sees implications for treatment in the study's findings.
"What we need to do in cognitive behavioral therapy treatment development is to really enhance efforts at teaching patients how to see the big picture," she said.
Many people with BDD will try to have what they perceive as flaws -- pimples, scars, birthmarks, or other features -- surgically or dermatologically removed. But plastic surgery almost never fixes their unhappiness about their appearance: 81 percent are dissatisfied with results of cosmetic treatments, Wilhelm said.
"The problem is really on the inside, it's not what they really look like," Wilhelm said.
Besides seeking surgeries, other symptoms include frequent camouflage with makeup, compulsive picking of skin, and asking for reassurance from others, she said. People with BDD may also check their reflection to the point of endangering themselves while driving while looking at themselves in the rearview mirror, she said.
The likelihood of attempting suicide or being hospitalized is high among BDD patients. Not enough research has been done on the subject to determine whether BDD is the results of genes, environment, or some combination thereof. It is unclear which of these pathways led to the brain abnormalities found in the study, Feusner said.
Some brain patterns seen in BDD are also associated with obsessive compulsive disorder, although BDD is probably not a form of it, Feusner said. People with OCD tend to recognize that their fears and behaviors are excessive, whereas BDD patients are more delusional and are convinced that the ugliness they perceive in themselves in real.
BDD is also different than eating disorders because it is purely about an imagined appearance and not eating habits, Wilhelm said.
But Feusner does suspect a connection between BDD and anorexia, and his next project is a brain imaging study comparing patients with the two conditions. If you are interested in participating in this study, contact Feusner's lab.
Swiss Company to Launch Solar Powered Submarine
November 24th, 2008 by Andrew Williams
[social_buttons]
Swiss company BKW has revealed that it plans to launch a 20-30 meter long solar-powered submarine. The vessel, to be used as a tourist attraction, will feature a huge ‘living-room' style passenger area, as well as 60-70cm viewing portholes.
Under the plan, called Project Goldfish, a team of engineers will build a submarine, capable of carrying 20-30 passengers and two crew, at a depth of up to 300 meters across Lake Thun. Since it operates underwater, the team has figured that it's pointless to attach solar panels on the sub itself. Instead, the vessel will fully recharge at a floating solar platform on the surface of the lake, decked out with 300m2 of solar collectors capable of supplying up to 30kW of renewable energy.
When required, the solar platform will be automatically hooked up with the sub via GPS. A zero-emission solar-powered shuttle will also ferry passengers to and from the shore and the boarding platform.
Following a successful feasibility study, BKW will build a team of investment partners. The company envisages that the scheme will become fully operational in 2012.
Image Credit – Projekt-Goldfisch
It can be hard to get excited about a new scooter design for the 2018 model year, especially when so many other crazy machines are being unveiled at the Tokyo Motor Show today (new Honda Gold Wing, Yamaha's three-wheeled motorcycle of awesome, and the Kawasaki Ninja 400…just to name a few), but give us a minute here.
One of the less-publicized releases from Big Red caught our attention today, two scooters in fact: the Honda PCX Electric and the Honda PCX Hybrid. As the names suggest, both machines are built off the same basic concept, though they differ in their drivetrain.
The Honda PCX Electric is an electric scooter that is equipped with a high-output motor, which was independently developed by Honda.
The PCX Electric also uses the Honda's Mobile Power Pack, which is a detachable and swappable battery system that Honda is trying to standardize for its various models.
Interestingly enough, Honda plans to bring the PCX Scooter to market for 2018, in the Asian region (including Japan).
Perhaps more interesting though is the Honda PCX Hybrid, which as you can guess uses a gas/electric hybrid drive system – the first production two-wheeler to our knowledge to do so (if you can think of another, let us know in the comments).
Honda has again developed this PCX drivetrain in house, undoubtedly drawing upon its experience with hybrid vehicles in the four-wheeled space.
Honda says that its hybrid system employs a high-output battery and ACG starter, in order to assist the engine. This is said to create a “torqueful” riding experience, though details on power specs are light at the moment.
Like its electric counterpart, the Honda PCX Hybrid is scheduled to go on sale in 2018 in the Asia region, including Japan.
Honda PCX Electric:
Honda PCX Hybrid:
Source: Honda
This offseason the Mets were unwilling to pay the price to bring a new shortstop into town. Regardless of whether that was a defensible decision, the Mets followed up with the solution of moving Wilmer Flores back to shortstop, even though they moved him off the position following the 2011 season. Not once did the club indicate they thought the 2011 decision was a mistake; rather, this was clearly an attempt to get a more productive bat at the position.
The issue is – how productive is Flores' bat?
After a slow start in Las Vegas in 2013, Flores finished with a bang, as he put up an .887 OPS. Under normal circumstances, that's a pretty impressive mark. However, the hitting conditions in Las Vegas and the Pacific Coast League are not ordinary. Research done last year indicated that a player going from the 51s to the Mets lost on average 19% on their OBP and 30% on their SLG.
That means that Flores' .357/.531 marks translated into a .289/.372 and in reality he put up a .248/.295 OBP/SLG numbers for the Mets. Defenders of Flores were quick to point out how young he was and also that he was slowed by an ankle injury. They also could have pointed to his .264 BABIP dragging down his major league numbers.
In a move that seemed unfathomable at the end of the 2013 season, the Mets opened 2014 with Ruben Tejada as their starting shortstop. At the beginning of the year, both his batting and fielding were unimpressive. Eventually both areas improved for Tejada. Most of his offensive production could be chalked up to his ability to draw walks but his fielding is where we really started to notice improvement.
Still, with the season down the tubes, the decision was made to install Flores as the primary shortstop, a move to which very few people objected. The Mets knew what they had in Tejada but they needed to find out what they had in Flores. It should be pointed out that Flores had 100 sporadic PA with the Mets in 2014, in which he put up a .229/.260/.313 line for a .573 OPS. Defenders of Flores were quick to point out how young he was and also that he was hurt by not getting consistent playing time.
Since August 7, Flores has started at shortstop in 15 of the team's 16 games. In that span, the Mets are 6-10 and Flores has a .218/.246/.236 line in 57 PA. Depending on who you ask, Flores' fielding in this span ranks somewhere between good and dreadful. He's not passing the eye test, as his range seems limited, his arm weak and his glove inconsistent. Yet UZR likes what it's seen from Flores, giving him a 2.5 mark in 306.1 innings at shortstop. For the sake of completeness, DRS gives him a (-3) number, one that seemingly matches better with watching him play.
Watching Flores, one cannot help but to draw comparisons to another recent Mets farmhand – Jordany Valdespin. Like Flores, Valdespin played shortstop in the minors only to have the Mets move him off the position. Unlike Flores, the club felt that Vadespin was athletic enough to move to the outfield. In his career with the Mets, Valdespin recorded 43 starts in the OF, 13 at 2B and 1 at SS.
In 2013, Valdespin was also given a shot at regular playing time, taking over at 2B. This was not a move that the majority of people signed off on, as it made Daniel Murphy move to 1B and kept Lucas Duda in the OF, all to get playing time for a guy who had not displayed much ability to hit MLB pitching. In his one-week audition, Valdespin put up a .154/.154/.154 line in 26 PA and a month later his career with the Mets was over.
Valdespin ended his tenure in New York with a .651 OPS in 350 PA. While a low BABIP held his AVG to a dismal .219 mark, Valdespin at least showed some power, putting up a .156 ISO. He also added 14 SB with the Mets. Meanwhile, Flores has 258 PA with the Mets and has a .541 OPS. His ISO sits at .069 and he has 0 SB.
Flores will never be good defensively, although he probably would be decent at third base. He's not someone you would want to keep as a utility player because while he's willing to play 2B, 3B and SS – he's not someone you'd really want to play every day if a starter went on the DL. None of his power has translated to the majors, which severely limits his attractiveness as a PH.
Defenders of Flores will point out that he's young.
He's not going to play 3B as long as David Wright's on the team. He's likely behind both Daniel Murphy and Dilson Herrera in the pecking order at 2B. And he's really not wowed us in his SS audition to date. If forced at gunpoint to predict his MLB future with the Mets, what would you say?
Hopefully my well-known jinx powers will come to play and Flores goes off on a hot streak to end all hot streaks from now through the end of the season. But if that doesn't happen, we're looking at another year in Triple-A or a spot on the bench for Flores in 2015. And if his ceiling for the club is bench player, is there any reason to prefer him to Valdespin?
Of course, Valdespin was a bit off a hothead or showboat and Flores, goofy hairstyles aside, comes off much more vanilla. And if there's one thing we know about the Wilpon-era Mets, it's that they prefer their players not to rock the boat. Any player with personality – ranging from Kevin Mitchell to Lenny Dykstra to Lastings Milledge – is shown the door. And any managerial candidate with the same has no chance of getting a shot.
So, we're left with hoping that all the balls hit to Flores in the field are of the charity hop variety and that somehow his front foot toe tap and stride with his back leg will lead to at least some consistent doubles power.
But hey, he's young ya know?
Share this: Email
Facebook
Print
Reddit
Twitter
More
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Google
Noah Syndergaard drops his alter ego, takes to the streets of New York as Thor
Photo via SNY on Twitter
When Noah Syndergaard first arrived in MLB last year, we all thought "Thor" was simply a clever nickname -- the long blonde hair, the lightning bolt fastball, it made sense.
But even then, there were signs. He emblazoned "Thor" on his glove. He immediately began swinging a mighty hammer. At this point, not even Syndergaard can hide it: the 1.69 ERA, the 38 strikeouts in 26 2/3 innings, the marks he leaves on unsuspecting catchers who just wanted to play an innocent baseball game. These are not the feats of any mere mortal.
And so, on Wednesday, Syndergaard took to the streets of Manhattan to finally tell his secret to the world:
Public for the first time as Norse god, Thor did what any foreign diplomat would do. He met some adorable dogs:
He posed with local dignitaries:
Thor on the street coming soon to https://t.co/ugILGIClHr pic.twitter.com/84ZAA9PNUR - SportsNet New York (@SNYtv) April 27, 2016
And he even met with another hero who knows a thing or two about pulling the string:
Syndergaard's scheduled to make his next start on Sunday against the Giants. The day before, Mets fans will be providing small idols in honor of their hero.
Twitter's success has long been intertwined with the independent developers that have chosen to use the platform. The third-party ecosystem made Twitter what it is in the most literal fashion possible.
That's why there has been some consternation over a post on Twitter's developer blog today that coincided to the minute with a post going live on the LinkedIn blog. The gist of the posts was that Twitter was cracking down on how third parties were using its APIs. LinkedIn's display of the entire Twitter feed in its users profiles was the first casualty of this new stricter interpretation of the rules, but it won't be the last.
Specific portions of the post by Twitter product team director Michael Sippey stood out to me, and to many Twitter developers. Specifically, these two passages provide a very interesting juxtaposition:
Back in March of 2011, my colleague Ryan Sarver said that developers should not “build client apps that mimic or reproduce the mainstream Twitter consumer client experience.” That guidance continues to apply as much as ever today. Related to that, we've already begun to more thoroughly enforce our Developer Rules of the Road with partners, for example with branding, and in the coming weeks, we will be introducing stricter guidelines around how the Twitter API is used.
And this one:
We're building tools for publishers and investing more and more in our own apps to ensure that you have a great experience everywhere you experience Twitter, no matter what device you're using. You need to be able to see expanded Tweets and other features that make Twitter more engaging and easier to use. These are the features that bring people closer to the things they care about. These are the features that make Twitter Twitter.
Note the mentions of expanded Tweets. No client I know of utilizes that functionality as of now besides the web version, not even Twitter's own mobile apps. Twitter said that it had no comment beyond what it said in the post.
I polled a few high-profile developers who use the Twitter platform and APIs and the general consensus was that the wording of the post was ‘ominous'. That was a word I heard a lot, though everyone seemed to want to stay off the record for now, in fear of upsetting the already wobbly applecart.
In the early days, the third-party ecosystem was a playground, in which developers could, and did, come up with uses for the service that were never intended or dreamed of by Twitter itself. You like the word ‘tweet'? The bird icon? The character counter? The replies and conversations features? A nice native client on the iPhone? All done first by third-party developer Iconfactory with its Twitterrific app.
Heck, the users themselves came up with ‘RT' and it was incorporated by third-party clients like Tweetie before it was added to Twitter itself.
So why, since then, has Twitter not had the easiest of relationships with the third-party community? There are a lot of answers to that question but, in the end, it all comes down to money.
Twitter has undergone a period of intense growth lately and, for the most part, has shown itself to be handling that growth well. Unlike a lot of folks, I feel that the recent changes to Twitter, including the additions of the Explore tab, email newsletters and other enhancements, have been in the best interests of growing, retaining users and teaching new ones the value of the service. Among those changes has been monetizing in a variety of ways, including serving ads on the site and in the timeline through its mobile apps.
One of the biggest possible reasons that Twitter could be more tightly enforcing restrictions on its API, especially in cases where a stream is represented outside the first-party clients, is to control its advertising stream.
But even that isn't a serious issue for most third-party developers that I've spoken to. Some of them have even expressed a desire for Twitter to just come out and be honest about wanting them to serve up ads in all feeds, inside the official ecosystem and out. They said they'd feel safer knowing that Twitter had set forth specific rules and regulations regarding advertising in the firehose, as that would be one less reason for them to have their access shut off.
There are a dozen other ways in which changes to the API could affect developers, however. Restricting the rate limits on the home timeline would limit the amount of tweets that outside clients could display in a given time period, making them useless for power users. Direct Messages could have restrictions placed on them to either block access or limit the amount kept or sent.
In the end, there are a lot of unknowns, and that's what is keeping these developers up at night. And it's not as if they haven't been given any reasons to worry either. Many have felt that their products were threatened by Twitter's statements that they should steer away from building clients and the blocking of third-party ads from streams.
The seed for a lot of those worries was planted with the same developer's forum post back in early 2011. Later that year, Twitter founder Jack Dorsey posted a message that thanked these third-party developers for their efforts and promised more communication and a continued relationship.
But a lot has changed with regards to Twitter's strategies over the 11 months since then and it has continued its move towards being a mainstream information service, rather than a geeky power tool. For the most part, it's done a good job, but its attitude towards third-party developers is once again in question and it has those developers worried.
And if you're someone who uses Twitterrific, Tweetbot, Osfoora, or any of the other ‘standard' Twitter clients I'd be worried too. Because if there's one thing they were designed to do and do well it is “mimic or reproduce the mainstream Twitter consumer client experience.”
And that's something that Twitter just may not feel it has room for any more.
Read next: Review: The Elevation Dock broke Kickstarter records, but can it beat Apple at the hardware game?
CBS
Each week, host Jeff Probst will answer a few questions about the latest episode of ‘Survivor: Cagayan.'
ENTERTAINMENT WEEKLY: Tony has to be one of the most paranoid players you've encountered, right? But I wonder how the spy shack actually works. It always surprises me when a player is ostensibly hidden from sight (a la Tony) and other players (Trish and Jefra) come strolling along and there's a camera guy just hanging out alone by the water well filming some random bush. How do you ensure the camera operator doesn't spoil someone's plot? Should or shouldn't his presence throw up a red flag to Trish and Jefra?
JEFF PROBST: Ah the magic of stellar producing by our crews in the field. It's one of the questions most asked by contestants before the game begins — “Won't the camera that's following me give away what I'm doing?” To give some context, we have as many as five cameras at camp at any given time and the key to never giving away anything is that we shoot everything! So you have no idea if what we're shooting is important or not. We have more footage of people talking about their mom's favorite recipe for banana bread than we do strategy talk about the game! We are shooting all day. We follow everybody! Our camera teams are very good at concealing what they are shooting because they give away nothing. They could be shooting the most boring conversation in the world or a conversation in which the entire game is about to be flipped upside down — you'd never know by looking at them.
EW: Thanks to the spectacular early fail of the brains tribe, it seems the merge happened pretty early and we didn't get that much exposure to the brains-brawn-beauty conceit of the season. But during the reward challenge, we saw former brain members Tasha, Spencer and Kass elected to figure out the puzzle, and brawn folks like Woo and Tony climbing around the boat and being super physical. What, Mr. Probst, do you make of this self-fulfilling prophecy?
PROBST: First let me correct you, we did not merge early because of the early fail of the Brain tribe. The merge almost always falls around the same spot. I think you bring up an interesting point and it's one of the most fascinating aspects of Survivor. When you “label” someone, how much impact does that label end up having? If Spencer had been on the Brawn tribe would he have believed he deserved to be there? Tasha could have easily been placed on the Beauty tribe — how would that have impacted how she played? I have felt it in my own life when someone refers to me as simply a “game show host” — drives me nuts! So, I don't have an answer but I do share the fascination.
EW: Sometimes players go on these wild goose chases for idols and it blows my mind when they get lucky and find them—Tony's being a perfect example. What is that like for you when a player eschews clues and reason and launches into this uninformed scavenger hunt, only to find the idol that you have hidden oh so well? How does that make you feel?
PROBST: It makes me excited. I love anybody who plays hard. They are almost always the people we end up inviting to play again. Because they are playing the game! Not sitting around. Anybody who is out digging for an idol or forcing a blindsided or betraying an alliance to better their position in the game is a dynamic player and that's why you see them returning as “all-stars” in future seasons. As for finding an idol in particular — here's the deal… we hide them so they can't be spotted just by walking by, but we don't hide them so well that they'll never be found. So to all future players — yes you might be able to find an idol without a clue, simply by looking. But, it will take effort — so if you're a coat tail type of player who is sitting in the hut “waiting for the game to happen” — your chances of finding the idol are slim to none (about the same odds you have of winning the game) but it's possible. One of the keys to Survivor is you can never give up. Huge turnarounds can happen and they almost always happen to people who come to play.
EW: BONUS QUESTION! Jefra's well-timed letter from home—could you even dare plan a coincidence that narratively serendipitous?
PROBST: Well, If we were like many of the “loosely scripted” reality shows that are currently on television, then I'd say yes — you could “plan” for that coincidence!! Why not! :) But, we're not scripted. Our show plays out based on the actions of the players. Sometimes you get lucky and the events we have planned complement the game in a way that's so delicious you just can't get enough! To make my point, I already have the entire season of approved challenges for our next season which will be shot this summer. In the next few weeks I'll also have the entire list of approved rewards that will accompany those challenges. Our show is based on number of players, so challenges and rewards have to be planned out in advance. Letters From Home are definitely a staple and we always try to include them later in the game because we know that's when the impact will be the strongest.
EW: It's auction time! And it looks like Tony's paranoia is getting worse. Give us a tease for next week.
PROBST: OH MY — one of the greatest moments in an auction — ever. And it's another Survivor first!!
Get up to date on this week's episode with Marc's recap—filling in for Dalton for one week only!
U.S. lawmakers joined the chorus of outrage over the killing of Cecil the lion on Friday, announcing a bill that would stop people from importing “trophies” gleaned from hunting potentially endangered animals.
The bill, Conserving Ecosystems by Ceasing the Importation of Large (CECIL) Animal Trophies Act, would make it illegal for trophy hunters to bring back parts of any species proposed or listed as threatened or endangered under the Endangered Species Act of 1973.
“Let's not be cowardly lions when it comes to trophy killings,” Senator Bob Menendez said in a public statement, adding that the legislation is “a necessary and prudent step that creates a disincentive for these senseless trophy killings and advances our commitment in leading the fight to combat global wildlife trafficking.”
The bill is co-sponsored by Senators Cory Booker, Richard Blumenthal and Ben Cardin.
The proposed legislation comes after an outpouring of rage against a Minnesota dentist who paid $55,000 to slay the lion during a hunting excursion in Zimbabwe. African lions are not considered endangered species, but last year the United States Fish and Wildlife Service proposed placing them on a list of threatened animals.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
When Blind People Do Algebra, The Brain's Visual Areas Light Up
Enlarge this image Stuart Kinlough/Getty Images/Ikon Images Stuart Kinlough/Getty Images/Ikon Images
People born without sight appear to solve math problems using visual areas of the brain.
A functional MRI study of 17 people blind since birth found that areas of visual cortex became active when the participants were asked to solve algebra problems, a team from Johns Hopkins reports in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
"And as the equations get harder and harder, activity in these areas goes up in a blind person," says Marina Bedny, an author of the study and an assistant professor in the department of psychological and brain sciences at Johns Hopkins University.
In 19 sighted people doing the same problems, visual areas of the brain showed no increase in activity.
"That really suggests that yes, blind individuals appear to be doing math with their visual cortex," Bedny says.
The findings, published online Friday, challenge the idea that brain tissue intended for one function is limited to tasks that are closely related.
"To see that this structure can be reused for something very different is very surprising," says Melissa Libertus, an assistant professor of psychology at the University of Pittsburgh. "It shows us how plastic our brain is, how flexible it is."
Earlier research found that visual cortex could be rewired to process information from other senses, like hearing and touch. But Bedny wanted to know whether this area of the brain could do something radically different, something that had nothing to do with the senses.
So she picked algebra.
During the experiment, both blind and sighted participants were asked to solve algebra problems. "So they would hear something like: 12 minus 3 equals x, and 4 minus 2 equals x," Bedny says. "And they'd have to say whether x had the same value in those two equations."
In both blind and sighted people, two brain areas associated with number processing became active. But only blind participants had increased activity in areas usually reserved for vision.
The result suggests the brain can rewire visual cortex to do just about anything, Bedny says. And if that's true, she says, it could lead to new treatments for people who've had a stroke or other injury that has damaged one part of the brain.
Drugs or even mental exercises might help a patient "use a different part of your brain to do the same function," Bedny says. "And that would be really exciting."
There's really nothing quite as inviting and cozy as the inside of a sharks' mouth. Now your pet can make it their home with this amazing shark shaped dog or cat bed. It's a fully enclosed pet bed that has a small opening for the shark's mouth where your dog or cat can enter or exit the bed. Not only does it make a great conversation starter, and an extra cozy spot for your pet, it'll make your dog or cat feel extra safe since they'll be fully surrounded by that meaty shark body.
The shark shaped pet bed comes with the shark body enclosure along with a soft padded mat that goes on the inside of the shark's mouth. You can also remove the mattress from the inside to use it elsewhere, or you can push down on the shark and place the mattress on the top of shark's head to fold the shark into a sofa bed.
The Shark Dog Bed is a dog bed is meant for cats or small dogs, is made from superfine fiber material, and filled with quality polyester material with cotton filling for the pad, which is good because my dog will sleep in nothing less... It also makes for excellent pictures of your pooch or kitty.
Both the bed, and the mat inside are machine washable for if and when they get dirty, feature a fin on the top, two fins on the side, and two fins in the back, shark eyes, shark teeth, and gills on the side. The shark shaped dog/cat bed measures 30 inches x 27 inches x 14.5 inches.
Today GIGABYTE Server (the server arm of GIGABYTE, a different BU to the motherboard team) has lifted the lid on their new MA10-ST0 motherboard and SoC combination, aimed squarely at the cold storage or edge storage market. This includes base support for up to 16 SATA drives via SFF8087, a PCIe x8 slot, 10 gigabits Ethernet via two SFP+ ports, and server management features via the Aspeed AST2400. For server/enterprise features, a TPM header and a COM header are also present. The interesting twist in this tale, however, is the SoC at the heart of the unit.
GIGABYTE Server has announced they are using the C3958 SoC, listed as a 16-core part at 31W TDP and supporting DDR4-2400. The C3000 series is known as the Denverton family of CPUs, based on Intel's Goldmont Atom microarchitecture. The Denverton CPU family has been formally announced, although only as a single SKU, the dual core C3338, which is present in some enterprise NAS devices. Some others have cited cloud instances featuring unannounced Denverton CPUs being deployed and available by cloud providers. This C3958 is another unannounced processor from Intel.
Intel's Atom line in this market is still recovering from the Avoton/Rangeley issue that cropped up 18-24 months after launch, which had an outside chance of burning out the signal generator resulting in a system that would be unable to be repaired (we are told that an unusual spike in failures is not expected from this, but for users who deploy 10-15 year embedded devices it might be in the back of their minds). From this, Intel released a new stepping of the CPU to address the bug, and some have predicted that the delays to the formal announcement and release of the Denverton stack (some 12 months or more after the expected announcement date) is due to ensuring Denverton does not have this issue.
As for the C3958, GIGABYTE Server lists this as Intel's top Denverton SoC model, running at 16 cores, 1MB of L2 per core, 2.0 GHz base frequency (no word on turbo), support for up to 128GB of DDR4-2400 RDIMMs (or 64GB of UDIMMs, i.e. 4x16GB modules) and having a 31W TDP. Typically around this SoC level, we might expect to compare it to an E3-1200 v6 series processor, although those CPUs start at 72W. The previous generation Rangeley processor topped out at 8 cores and 2.4 GHz for 20W, so on paper there looks to be some efficiency gain despite the frequency decrease.
As for the MA10-ST0 motherboard, along with all the features above it also comes with 32GB of eMMC flash, allowing a user to install a storage-based OS for a network deployment without using any of the onboard SATA ports. GIGABYTE Server has told us that board is essentially ready to go, and interested parties should get in contact with their local reps.
Related Reading
Three new videos from BlizzCon show the universe of Heroes of the Storm in action and offer insight into its creation.
The video above is a developer diary featuring interviews with the Heroes of the Storm team. In it, the developers explain gameplay decisions like eliminating the "last-hitting" mechanic where the character who delivers the final blow is the only one who gets a reward for it.
The dev diary also outlines certain heroes and their roles on a team. The Witch Doctor from Diablo 3 is designed as a siege hero who destroy enemy towns, whereas Abathur, Kerrigan's Zerg assistant in StarCraft 2 is a "commander" who hides far from the field of battle and controls minions to do his bidding.
The other two videos below are both trailers that debuted this morning at BlizzCon's opening ceremony. The first is a cinematic trailer that follows StarCraft heroes Jim Raynor and Nova and Diablo's Tyrael as they fight against Warcraft's Lich King Arthas, StarCraft's Kerrigan and Diablo himself.
The second video is a gameplay trailer that shows heroes from Blizzard's franchises on the fields of battle in Heroes of the Storm.
Beta signups to Heroes of the Storm are open today through your Battle.net account.
Germany apologised for the first time yesterday for a colonial-era genocide which killed 65,000 Herero people in what is now Namibia.
"We Germans accept our historic and moral responsibility and the guilt incurred by Germans at that time," said Heidemarie Wieczorek-Zeul, Germany's development aid minister, at a ceremony to mark the 100th anniversary of the Hereros' 1904-1907 uprising against their rulers.
"The atrocities committed at that time would have been termed genocide," she said, according to Associated Press.
Although she ruled out financial compensation for the victims' descendants - a civil case has been brought by relatives of those who died - she promised aid, particularly in land reform.
"Everything I have said was an apology from the German government," Mrs Wieczorek-Zeul said to the delight of a crowd of 1,000 people.
The killings happened in 1904 after the Herero people revolted against oppressive German colonial rule.
General Lothar von Trotha was sent to what was then South West Africa to put down the 1904 uprising and, according to historians, instructed his troops to wipe out the tribe.
When the order was lifted at the end of the year, prisoners were herded into camps and allocated as slave labour to German businesses, where many died of overwork and malnutrition.Some two-thirds of the Herero were killed. But until the weekend, Germany has avoided the politically loaded term of genocide.
The Herero people have sought reparations from Germany for years. In 2001, they filed a $4bn (£2.17bn) lawsuit against the government and two German firms in the US.
But Germany dismissed the claim, saying international rules on the protection of combatants and civilians were not in existence at the time of that conflict.
Ranongouje Tjihuiko, chairman of the commemoration committee, said the Herero leadership might now drop legal proceedings.
Hifikepunye Pohamba, Namibia's minister of land also welcomed Germany's gesture.
"That is what we have been waiting for, for a very long time," he said, noting that the apology came on the spot where the conflict ended.
In a document titled "A Peoples' Manifesto," the participants of the Alter Summit summed up their views at the close of the event. They see the debt of the crisis-hit eurozone countries as illegitimate, because it "was amassed with no regard for the common good," and are calling for opposition to austerity measures and growing inequality. At the same time, they hope the European Union will "strengthen and develop the social and ecological commons" and conduct stricter supervision of European institutions.
The writers of the manifesto did not agree with each other on all points, however. For some, the message it conveyed was not radical enough. There was also dispute about whether the indebted countries should be advised to leave the European Union and the eurozone.
Christian Pilichowski condemns austerity measures
Christian Pilichowski, for one, does not advocate the exit strategy. The delegate from the French metalworkers' trade union FTM CGT calls for intra-European solutions. He also wants to see a turnaround in the overall approach, as he believes the stringent cuts applied across the continent exacerbate the problem. "This isn't about a Greek, Spanish or Portuguese crisis - what we have is a European crisis," he said.
He pointed out that angry people have been protesting against the EU - yet from his perspective the problem is not the EU itself but the way politics is conducted. In order to alleviate the crisis, wages and salaries need to be increased and employee rights strengthened, he believes.
France in danger?
France, the EU's largest country by surface area, was particularly well represented at the summit. Delegates from 24 French labor unions and NGOs made their voices heard at the event, advocating more social equality in Europe and showing solidarity with Greece.
Pilichowski sees no hope in the free market and in austerity measures. He also disapproves of the path taken by French President Francois Hollande, viewing it as a continuation of his predecessor's, Nicolas Sarkozy's, political course. He believes that France needs to break with the past and that labor unions have a duty to spread awareness about the issue. This is why he came to the Alter Summit.
Most of the participants at the conference had clear left-wing leanings. Greek opposition leader Alexis Tsipras made a short guest appearance. He is currently on an equal footing with conservative Prime Minister Antonis Samaras in Greek opinion polls.
The summit ran for two days and ended with anti-austerity demonstrations
By choosing Athens as the location for the summit, the representatives of the various movements wanted to show solidarity with crisis-plagued Greece. Their manifesto harshly criticizes the bailout troika made up of the European Commission, the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund. In workshops, the activists argued that Greece was a case study showing the consequences austerity measures could have in other European countries.
Spotlight on poverty in Greece
In order to understand why many Greeks oppose the Troika and are turning to left-wing parties, one need only speak to some of the country's young people - such as Irene Agathopoulou. The 27-year-old from the northern city of Kilkis has been involved in the establishment of special pharmacies that provide free medicine to the needy. At the Alter Summit she spoke about her experiences, saying the demand for such pharmacies was great as 40 percent of Greeks don't have any health insurance. The situation is made more difficult in that Greek pharmaceutical companies are curbing their production, and international producers are only prepared to trade for cash.
Such a situation calls for unconventional measures, believes Agathopoulou. "We have asked patients' families to donate medicine that is no longer needed - from ointments to cancer drugs," she said. In the city of Kilkis alone, there are over 800 people who depend on free medicine. She is also aware of hospitals that have benefited from the service, which is technically illegal.
Agathopoulou is Greece's youngest member of parliament
The Kilkis pharmacy project made news throughout the country. In the 2012 election, Agathopoulou ran for parliament as a member of the left-wing SYRIZA party and managed to get in. At 27, she is the youngest member of parliament, and she now hopes to attract international attention to Greek social projects. She has already received enquiries about the free medicine handouts from other EU countries, as well as offers of assistance.
Many of the summit's participants presented Greece as a negative example, showing what devastating effects austerity measures can have on healthcare in the European Union. They believe that public health insurance and medicine distribution systems are at risk of collapse. The manifesto also demands a stop to privatization in the healthcare sector.
In support of migrants and refugees
Another focus of the Alter Summit is the welfare of immigrants and asylum-seekers in Europe. According to some of the activists, there are plenty of negative examples in this area in Greece alone. During an April visit to Lesbos - Greece's third-largest island, not far from the Turkish coast - Germany's Left party member Annette Groth was stunned. "There's not enough of anything," she said at the Alter Summit. "The refugees are being fed by the local people - 20 women who cook every day." She pointed out that the island lacked a proper facility for accommodating asylum-seekers - it only has a few police stations and a closed-off harbor area.
Groth: more rights for migrants and asylum-seekers
At the conference, Groth was keen to advocate more rights and greater protection for asylum-seekers and migrant workers. She was therefore disappointed to find that the topic was mostly overlooked, and shocked when the suggestion was made that the European social movement should focus on campaigning for the ratification of the UN convention on migrant rights. Groth sees this as something that should be left to the politicians and lawyers - she expected something different from the popular movement.
The "Peoples' Manifesto" demands the closure of detention camps and the EU's border protection agency Frontex. However, it is too optimistic to expect any major changes in this area, according to Karim Essahli. He is a Morocco-born French citizen who has lived in Norway for 19 years, and he represented the Norwegian trade union federation LO at the summit. Essahli emphasized that, in any case, most of the work has to be done by local popular movements in the various countries, but he agreed that the summit was an important opportunity to meet like-minded people and establish cooperation.
The Alter Summit ended with its participants gathering in Athens city center, where they mounted a mass protest against the government's harsh austerity measures.
The US Environmental Protection Agency for the first time has implicated fracking - a controversial method of improving the productivity of oil and gas wells - for causing groundwater pollution.
The finding could have a chilling effect in states trying to determine how to regulate the controversial process.
The practice is called hydraulic fracturing and involves pumping pressurised water, sand and chemicals underground to open fissures and improve the flow of oil or gas.
The EPA announced on Thursday that it found compounds likely associated with fracking chemicals in the groundwater beneath a Wyoming community where residents say their well water reeks of chemicals.
Health officials advised them not to drink their water after the EPA found hydrocarbons in their wells.
The EPA announcement has major implications for a vast increase in gas drilling in the US in recent years. Fracking has played a large role in opening up many reserves.
The industry has long contended that fracking is safe, but environmentalists and some residents who live near drilling sites say it has poisoned groundwater.
A number-one New York Times bestseller when it was originally published, "The Silmarillion" is the core of J.R.R. Tolkien's imaginative writing [...] Tolkien considered "The Silmarillion" his most important work, and, though it was published last and posthumously, this great collection of tales and legends clearly sets the stage for all his other writing. The story of the creation of the world and of the First Age, this is the ancient drama to which the characters in "The Lord of the Rings" look back and in whose events some of them, such as Elrond and Galadriel, took part. The three Silmarils were jewels created by Feanor, most gifted of the Elves. Within them was imprisoned the Light of the Two Trees of Valinor before the Trees themselves were destroyed by Morgoth, the first Dark Lord. Thereafter, the unsullied Light of Valinor lived on only in the Silmarils, but they were seized by Morgoth and set in his crown, which was guarded in the impenetrable fortress of Angband in the north of Middle-earth. "The Silmarillion" is the history of the rebellion of Feanor and his kindred against their gods, their exile from Valinor and return to Middle-earth, and their war, hopeless despite all their heroism, against the great Enemy.
President Trump is set to huddle with congressional leaders on Tuesday as lawmakers scramble to strike a spending deal that will prevent the government from shutting down when its funding dries up next month.
White House officials want to avoid a showdown over immigration that could upend spending negotiations by injecting a contested partisan issue into the conversation. Republicans, too, have signaled an unwillingness to allow the government to shut down at the height of their push to pass a tax reform bill, which they hope to place on the president's desk before the end of the year.
Some Democrats, however, have shown interest in pursuing an immigration deal tied to a bill that funds the government through the end of the next fiscal year. Others have even suggested the immigration deal must be tied to the short-term funding bill lawmakers expect to pass in order to buy more time to negotiate the larger spending package.
“In the past, [Senate Minority Leader] Chuck Schumer has repeatedly made clear that he opposes government spending bills with strings attached. We hope Democrats follow Sen. Schumer's lead and not hold government funding hostage to their own pet legislative projects, which would jeopardize our national security,” Hogan Gidley, White House deputy press secretary, told the Washington Examiner.
“Government spending bills should fully fund our military, homeland security, and all essential operations to protect the American people's prosperity and safety,” Gidley added.
When Trump sits down with House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis.; House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif.; Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky; and Schumer, D-N.Y., for a meeting at the White House Tuesday afternoon, the so-called “Big Four” will have a packed agenda to discuss.
Trump's previous closed-door conversations with Pelosi and Schumer yielded the framework of an immigration deal that conservative critics said would amount to amnesty for hundreds of thousands of undocumented immigrants, as well as the continuing resolution that set Congress up for a holiday season full of spending talks. His friendliness with the Democratic leaders, to whom he referred as “Chuck” and “Nancy,” revived skepticism among some Republicans and rocked his relationships within the GOP conference.
Lawmakers from both parties remain split on a range of issues central to the spending fight, including defense appropriations and funding for disaster relief after a spate of hurricanes hits Puerto Rico and Southern states this summer.
Complicating a process that already has the potential to get messy is a Democratic push to include the immigration issue in the spending bill. Some Democratic lawmakers have even threatened to oppose any funding mechanism that fails to address the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA, program, an Obama-era initiative that extended protections to undocumented immigrants who were brought into the U.S. as children.
Trump announced in September that he plans to wind down DACA by March, giving Congress six months to craft legislation that would preserve temporary legal status for the roughly 800,000 people eligible for the program. However, nearly three months into that window, lawmakers remain at odds over how and when to strike a DACA deal that can attract bipartisan support.
Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., has advocated for attaching DACA legislation to the spending bill Congress must pass next month.
And a handful of liberal lawmakers — including Sens. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt.; Cory Booker, D-N.J.; and Kamala Harris, D-Calif. — have suggested they will vote against spending legislation that does not codify DACA protections.
Democratic congressional leaders have not signaled whether they will insist on folding a DACA fix into the spending bill.
But most GOP members favor saving the immigration battle for another day given the urgency of other big-ticket items on their agenda in December, such as tax reform and legislation to fund the government through September.
Republican congressional leaders have indicated they want to keep DACA discussions out of the year-end spending mix and focus solely on appropriations as the Dec. 8 deadline to avert a shutdown approaches. White House officials also hope to see Congress leave the thorny issue out of spending talks.
A senior GOP aide told the Washington Examiner that negotiations could also stall over defense spending caps.
Raising those limits on funding for the military has emerged as a priority for Republicans, but Democrats have avoided meeting with their counterparts in the majority on the issue, the aide said.
The lingering debate over defense caps is one reason lawmakers expect to rely on the short-term spending bill to keep the government open when the current continuing resolution expires in less than two weeks.
A Senate Democratic aide said Democrats see a “bipartisan path” on defense spending caps and other sticking points in the legislative debates facing Congress next month.
“In three and a half weeks, the Republican Congress has to figure out a way to reach a caps deal with parity between defense and non-defense, write an omnibus, extend funding for community health centers, reauthorize [Children's Health Insurance Program], fund disaster recovery, and pass the [Development, Relief, and Education for Alien Minors] Act,” the Democratic aide told the Washington Examiner. “There is a bipartisan path to getting there, and we hope that we can make progress on all of those issues.”
Whether Democratic leaders back calls from their party's progressive wing to fight for a DACA deal in the omnibus could determine whether Republicans face the prospect of a shutdown on their watch. GOP aides in Congress and the administration maintain, however, that blame for a hypothetical shutdown over immigration would fall squarely on Democrats if they chose to wage that battle now. Republicans do not appear interested in pursuing funding for Trump's promised border wall at this juncture, citing their focus on tax reform.
Democratic leaders could find a DACA deal difficult to sell with so little time left on the congressional calendar.
Schumer has even blasted the concept of playing brinkmanship over immigration reform in the past.
In 2013, Schumer said Democrats would create “governmental chaos” if they shut down the government over their desire to pass immigration reform.
Special prosecutor Robert Mueller zeroed in on President Donald Trump's business dealings with Deutsche Bank AG as his investigation into alleged Russian meddling in U.S. elections widens.
Mueller issued a subpoena to Germany's largest lender several weeks ago, forcing the bank to submit documents on its relationship with Trump and his family, according to a person briefed on the matter, who asked not to be identified because the action has not been announced.
“Deutsche Bank always cooperates with investigating authorities in all countries,” the lender said in a statement to Bloomberg Tuesday, declining to provide additional information.
Deutsche Bank for months has rebuffed calls by Democratic lawmakers to provide more transparency over the roughly $300 million Trump owed to the bank for his real estate dealings prior to becoming president. Representative Maxine Waters of California and other Democrats have asked whether the bank's loans to Trump, made years before he ran for president, were in any way connected to Russia. The bank previously rejectedthose demands, saying sharing client data would be illegal unless it received a formal request to do so. Trump has denied any wrongdoing.
Read more
Pin 24 Shares
Failure of ‘Refuge in a Bag' Method of GM Crop Help
By Heather Callaghan
(TheAntiMedia.org)
Did you know that farmers who plant genetically engineered crops need to also plant some non-GE crops in the same field? It is supposed to delay pest resistance to Bt corn crops.
Chemical and biotech companies like Monsanto, Syngenta, Bayer et al. have a long history of blaming farmers for failures of genetically modified crops and herbicides. When crop yields don't provide, when corn rootworm takes over, and when farmers have to hire extra help to hack down superweeds when they were promised an easier season – the companies will be the first to throw farmers under the tractor. They like to claim that farmers aren't following proper pesticide management and planting “refuges.”
For a long time that reason was truly considered a factor. Then came RIBs – “refuge-in-a-bag.” That way, some non-Bt corn would be pre-included in the Bt seed mixture.
GMWatch reports:
…previous studies have shown that refuges do not work well, for three reasons: farmers don't comply with refuge requirements, pests are able to live and reproduce in Bt maize fields, and the non-Bt refuge plants become contaminated by cross-pollination with Bt toxin-producing genes (see “Refuge concept breaking down” in GMO Myths and Truths).
According to them, the study, “A challenge for the seed mixture refuge strategy in bt maize: impact of cross-pollination on an ear-feeding pest, corn earworm” – was actually funded in part by Monsanto and the USDA. This writer was unable to locate the full text. It was originally published in PLOS ONE, in November.
Researchers write:
A major concern in RIB is cross-pollination of maize hybrids that can cause Bt proteins to be present in refuge maize kernels and negatively affect refuge insects. Here we show that a mixed planting of 5% nonBt and 95% Bt maize containing the SmartStax traits expressing Cry1A.105, Cry2Ab2 and Cry1F did not provide an effective refuge for an important above-ground ear-feeding pest, the corn earworm, Helicoverpa zea (Boddie).
Cross-pollination in RIB caused a majority (>90%) of refuge kernels to express ≥ one Bt protein. The contamination of Bt proteins in the refuge ears reduced neonate-to-adult survivorship of H. zea to only 4.6%, a reduction of 88.1% relative to larvae feeding on ears of pure non-Bt maize plantings. In addition, the limited survivors on refuge ears had lower pupal mass and took longer to develop to adults.
GMWatch explains:
The study found that over 90% of maize kernels expressed at least one Bt protein. In addition, the surviving pests on the refuge plants did not thrive, meaning that no viable Bt-susceptible pest populations survived. (emphasis added)
This could mean that the lack of pest control was never the fault of farmers – that refuges simply do not work, and in the end show more complications from cross-pollination. Back to the drawing board for them. Please also see: Thanks for the Super Genes – Weeds Receive Transgenic Material From GMOs
Photo by Rich Sanders, USDA Natural Resources Conservation Service.
Heather Callaghan is a natural health blogger and food freedom activist. You can see her work at NaturalBlaze.com and ActivistPost.com. Like at Facebook.
Pin 24 Shares
First Black Elected Official Defies Racism In Russia
Enlarge this image toggle caption Sergey Ponomarev/AP Sergey Ponomarev/AP
Life in Russia, in many ways, is much like life in the United States. A day in Moscow feels very much like a day in any American big city. People rush to and from work in cars, or on the bus or subway. After work, it's home to the family, or a stop at the gym.
Still, there are differences. Because the police and justice system are riddled with corruption, there's a feeling that if something happens to you on the street, you have no place to turn.
I was especially worried about two gay friends who came to visit me in Moscow. The city has a history of harassment against openly gay men. And the same goes for blacks.
Even though for decades the Soviet Union recruited African students to come to universities and learn about communism, there are very few black faces in Russia today.
Skinheads are active in the capital and elsewhere, and blacks have been harassed on the street and beaten on trains and the subway.
So, this summer, when I heard that a black man had been elected councilman in Novozavidovo, a small town 60 miles north of Moscow, I knew I had to go meet him.
The Obama Of Russia
Jean Gregoire Sagbo has dark rich eyes, an infectious smile and salt-and-pepper hair, which you'd think would be grayer after all he's been through. He was born in the West African nation of Benin and came to the Soviet Union in 1982 as a student. Back then, some Russians had a name for Sagbo and other black students: "monkeys."
Safety Advice From Strangers Jelani Cobb, a professor of history at Spelman College in Atlanta, recently spent a year in Russia on a Fulbright grant teaching African-American history at Moscow State University. Cobb, who is African-American, found soon after arriving in Moscow that people of African descent would approach him on the metro and offer safety advice.
"Don't ride the subway when there are big events. Don't be anywhere you can attract attention to yourself," he says they would advise him. Cobb tells NPR's David Greene about his personal experience as a black man in Russia. Jelani Cobb's Experience With Racism In Russia
Sagbo told me he kept hearing the word "monkey" on the street. So he asked his Russian teacher what it meant. She said: "Where did you hear it? They weren't saying it about you. Such things don't happen here."
But such things did happen. And worse.
Sagbo fell in love with a Russian girl at his institute named Svetlana. When she became pregnant, she was kicked out of the institute for dating a "foreigner," and her mother beat her. The couple struggled for acceptance, living for a time in Benin, returning to Russia, and finally discovering peace in Novozavidovo. Sagbo got a job and quietly made a name for himself, helping those in need. Residents started calling him Santa Claus -- and earlier this year elected him to the town council.
He is the first black elected to public office in Russian history. You can understand why he's been nicknamed Russia's Obama, but it's something he's not too pleased about.
"The Obama of Russia, just because I'm black?" Sagbo says. "If you say that I'm as serious a person as he is, working for the good of the country I live in, then yes, sure. However I don't like this cynical boasting of, 'Look, we've got our own Obama too!' No. That I don't like."
Still, Sagbo says, his sense of responsibility extends beyond the town.
"This is the first time anyone from the entire African continent has managed to become elected here," he told me. "My responsibility is to not fail. If I fail, it would be an embarrassment for my entire race. And I wouldn't want them to say that I failed because I am black. So I must do well, very well."
Worries About Physical Attacks
In Novozavidovo, I found that Sagbo is seen as an honest, hard-working man. Near the train station, resident Tatyana Fomkina shrugged when I asked her about the race of her councilman.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Sergey Ponomarev/AP Sergey Ponomarev/AP
"What's the difference?" she asked. "As long as he is a good leader, and a good person, that's all that matters."
But here's the ugly truth: The ease with which Sagbo walks the streets of Novozavidovo is not something he feels in the rest of the country. He won't get on the train to Moscow. He drives. Skinheads are active in the capital and elsewhere, and blacks -- not to mention other minorities like central Asians -- have been beaten on trains and on the Moscow subway.
The Moscow Protestant Chaplaincy, an outreach group, surveyed about 200 Africans in Moscow -- and found that more than half had suffered physical attacks.
Sagbo's wife, Svetlana, says she worries about her husband, and her sons who live in Moscow.
"Racism does exist and it hasn't gone away," she says. "Whenever my husband goes on TV, I always tell him to keep his family out of it. Don't show me; don't show our sons."
After I return to Russia, I'll be checking in with Sagbo and his family to see how he's doing.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption SpaceX 're-usable rocket' flies
California's SpaceX company has successfully re-flown a segment from one of its Falcon 9 rockets.
The first-stage booster, which was previously used on a mission 11 months ago, helped send a telecommunications satellite into orbit from Florida's Kennedy Space Center.
It marks an important milestone for SpaceX in its quest for re-usability.
Traditionally, rockets are expendable - their various segments are discarded and destroyed during an ascent.
The California outfit, in contrast, aims to recover Falcon first-stages and fly them multiple times to try to reduce the cost of its operations.
And to emphasise this point, Thursday's booster was also brought back under control to land on a barge stationed out in the Atlantic.
"I think it's an amazing day for space," said Elon Musk, the chief executive of SpaceX.
"It means you can fly and re-fly an orbit class booster, which is the most expensive part of the rocket. This is going to be, hopefully, a huge revolution in spaceflight."
Image copyright SPACEX Image caption Bang on target again: The used stage was landed on a barge a few hundred km east of Florida
The lift-off had occurred on cue at 18:27 EDT (22:27 GMT; 23:27 BST).
The satellite passenger, SES-10, was ejected some 32 minutes later.
This spacecraft is now being manoeuvred by its own thruster system to a position over the equator from where it can deliver TV and telecom services to the Caribbean, Brazil, and other regions in Central and South America.
SpaceX has become adept in the past two years at bringing first-stage boosters home after they have completed their primary task of getting a payload out of the thicker lower-reaches of the atmosphere.
The segments autonomously guide themselves back to the floating platform or a coastal pad to make propulsive landings.
Thursday's mission was the first time one of these "flight proven" vehicles had been re-launched.
Other landed boosters will now be used on future missions. Another six this year, most likely.
Some customers may still insist on a brand-new rocket, but if SpaceX can demonstrate routine, untroubled performance from these second-hand vehicles then satellite operators will get increasingly comfortable with the concept.
Image copyright SPACEX Image caption The booster fires for just over two minutes before separating and returning to Earth
Getting away from expendable rockets has been a long quest.
Famously, Nasa's space shuttle system was partially re-usable.
Its white solid-fuel strap-on boosters, for example, would parachute into the Atlantic after each launch. The casings of these boosters were then refurbished and re-used numerous times.
And yet the complexities of servicing the shuttle system after every flight swamped any savings.
SpaceX expects its simpler Falcon 9 rocket finally to deliver a practical commercial solution. It believes its technology will eventually permit rapid turnaround, with boosters flying perhaps 10 times before being retired; maybe even up to 100 times with a certain level of refurbishment.
"With this being the first re-flight we were incredibly paranoid about everything," Mr Musk said.
"The core airframe remained the same, the engines remained the same - but any auxiliary components that we thought might be slightly questionable, we changed out. Now our aspiration will be zero hardware changes, re-flight in 24 hours - the only thing that changes is that we reload propellant."
Image copyright BLUE ORIGIN Image caption Jeff Bezos' New Shepard sub-orbital system has launched and landed successfully five times
Other players are following close behind. The Amazon entrepreneur Jeff Bezos already has a re-usable sub-orbital rocket and capsule system that he has successfully launched and landed five times.
Mr Bezos now plans a recoverable orbital rocket called New Glenn. And United Launch Alliance, which puts up the majority of America's national security payloads, is in the process of designing a new vehicle that will return its engines to Earth via parachute.
All this is welcome news for the likes of Luxembourg satellite operator SES, which is having to queue up for rocket rides and wait many months to get its valuable telecoms spacecraft in orbit and earning revenue.
"It's a big deal for us. If we can get reliable re-usability then we will get better management of the manifest," said Martin Halliwell, the chief technology officer for SES.
"We made a little bit of history today, actually. We just opened the door to a whole new era of spaceflight,"
Image copyright AIRBUS DS Image caption SES-10 was manufactured in the UK and France by Airbus Defence and Space
Jonathan.Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk and follow me on Twitter: @BBCAmos
Dubai: Dubai International Airport was closed for 69 minutes around noon on Saturday due to an unauthorised drone activity near its airspace, Gulf News can confirm.
All flights between 11.36am and 12.45 pm were disrupted due to a trespassing of an unidentified drone. Flights scheduled to arrive at Dubai International were diverted to neighbouring airports like Al Maktoum International, Sharjah airport and Fujairah airport.
Dozens of flights scheduled to depart around the time of disruption were also delayed.
A Dubai Airport statement confirmed that airspace around Dubai International was closed for 69 minutes (1136-1245 local).
“Dubai Airports is working closely with its stakeholders to restore operations and minimise customer inconvenience. Safety is our top priority and Dubai Airports reminds all UAV operators that any and all activities are not permitted unless authorised by Regulatory authorities and are strictly prohibited in restricted areas including within 5 kilometers of any airport or landing area," the Dubai Airport said in a statement.
by Brett Stevens on May 5, 2015
Mainstream conservatives — I might as well use this term now — have been in retreat from conservative principles for years. They do this by confusing conservatism, a defense of what is eternally true, with defense of what the previous generation did. Over time they become more liberal as a result.
For this reason, conservatives of the populist variety find themselves defending liberty, the Constitution, freedom, gun rights, and other methods, but they forget the goals for which those methods were invented. Conservatism is not a “do whatever you want” style anarchy, but a defense and furthering of the type of social order that made ancient Athens and Rome in their early years rise up above other civilizations to become in contrast to all others excellent.
Perhaps that is what Bill and Ted meant when they said “be excellent to each other.” Not flatter each other, not defer and allow other people to do whatever is convenient based on their own delusions or desires, but to achieve excellence so that all might enjoy. The movie presents the happy side of this, but the other side is what Plato himself might have said: make sure the good are rewarded and the bad punished, because the bad — in the name of excellence for themselves only — destroy excellence for all. But most importantly, this suggests that we aim above acceptable and non-controversial, and build toward ultimate solutions that create the best possible society.
Conservatism defends excellence by attempting to make a beautiful, good and truthful society. Mainstream conservatives give up on this goal and as part of their retreat, merely defend concepts from the near past, and abandon the idea of rising above that standard. As the nature of time is entropy, and the slow decline of order, this means that conservatives become people defending B- against C+ and not the people striving for A+. The original idea of conservatism is that some methods and goals will raise any society to a level of excellence, and that we should pursue those. Mainstream conservatives dare not lift their faces up to look at the glow of that possible future.
On race, this means that mainstream conservatives are defending the 1940s ideal of America: through tolerance and inclusion, we make sure that no members of any ethnic minority group are persecuted. The problem with this is that like socialism, it takes the burden off of minority groups to strive toward excellence on their own by presuming that every lack of success on their part is directly attributable to majority intolerance. This is basically racial prejudice inverted but preserved: if minorities are not succeeding, it is because they are inferior and someone noticed, so make war on the noticing and hand out subsidies and they will end up not discriminated against. As anyone with a brain pointed out back then, this was a band-aid at best and a form of eternal subsidy at worst. It was not going to succeed. Lo and behold seven decades later it is still failing.
While I admire Thoma Sowell and his writings on many topics, mostly economics, he follows the mainstream conservative line. That line consists of defending the idea of a mixed-race society as an achievable positive end, even though there are reasons why it can never succeed. Sowell writes, in his usual crisp and logical style, that the Baltimore race riots of 2015 are a result of liberal policies:
We are told that such riots are a result of black poverty and white racism. But in fact â€” for those who still have some respect for facts â€” black poverty was far worse, and white racism was far worse, prior to 1960. But violent crime within black ghettos was far less. Murder rates among black males were going down â€” repeat, down â€” during the much-lamented 1950s, while it went up after the much celebrated 1960s, reaching levels more than double what they had been before. Most black children were raised in two-parent families prior to the 1960s. But today the great majority of black children are raised in one-parent families.
His argument presents difficulties because it is partially true. Liberal policies have ruined everything they have touched because liberals are reality-denialists who sew the seeds of future bad results and hide those behind very public “good intentions” a.k.a. altruism at the time. However, Sowell does not tell the full story, which is that multi-racial societies are doomed to failure because having multiple groups obliterates a sense of shared identity and replaces it with a political identity. That is a leftist goal: replace culture with ideology. The happiest populations know who they are through a strong organic identity, which is that they all look similar, act similar, have similar abilities and approximate preferences, and that they can all trace their origin to an original group who started up in their land to build an excellent society. When a society becomes multi-racial, all that holds it together is shared economic and political interest, which as we see from the fall of the Soviet Union, is not enough.
Sowell like other mainstream conservatives wants us to believe that if we just roll back a few liberal policies, everything will be just fine. Keep On Truckin', in other words. But in reality what we see now is the crest of a wave; our policy has been wrong for a long time, but we have avoided seeing that because the results were not immediate, tangible and highly visible. We keep applying patches to the paradoxical and hoping for the best, but it keeps failing. Mainstream conservatives might peel off a few decades of failure, but ultimately they deny that the problem is multiculturalism. Note that I say the problem is multiculturalism, not specific groups (such as African-Americans or Jews, for example). Even if our society was composed of only 200 IQ point Norwegians and Japanese, it would still suffer the internal conflict of diversity and become unstable as a result.
It is time to stop apologizing for the failure of not just liberal programs, but the liberal concept of civilization. Conservatives aim for an excellent society, not just patching up failures, but mainstream conservatives have forgotten this in their zeal to be “pragmatic” and “compromise.” The result is that they have removed their legitimacy entirely. A dividing line now runs through conservatives, with those who want an excellent society and to that end have become ethno-nationalists on one side, and modern conservatives — a.k.a. “Marxism lite” — on the other. Ethno-nationalists realize that the best society has an organic identity and, without slighting other groups, the only way to achieve an excellent society is to exclude all other ethnic groups. This does not require hatred, violence or scorn, merely pragmatism about what will benefit all of us, which is excellent societies of people like us.
Sowell is a highly intelligent man who comes by this illusion honestly. He is, like other mainstream conservatives, trying to find a way to “make our society work” in the same way one can fix a 1960s Fiat ten thousand times and keep it running, but never rely on it because it is a poorly-designed car. Mainstream conservatives all follow this path, but in doing so, they are betraying their constituents. We do not need a white power movement or a pro-majority movement; we need recognition that our desire is for a society that thrives, and to do that, it must be mono-ethnic. Otherwise, the Baltimore and LA riots will be only the tip of the iceberg as it destabilizes and fails.
Tags: diversity, Ethno Nationalism, mainstream conservatives, marxism lite, thomas sowell
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
James Clapper (AP Photo)
A group of 26 senators have signed a letter demanding that National Intelligence Director James Clapper publicly answer questions about the federal government's bulk collection of data -- one of the broadest efforts yet to apply pressure on the intelligence community in the aftermath of the disclosures of its surveillance programs.
Sen. Ron Wyden (D-Ore.) organized the effort, which has the support of a bipartisan group of senators comprising more than one-quarter of the chamber -- a significant statement from privacy advocates in the Senate.
“We are concerned that by depending on secret interpretations of the PATRIOT Act that differed from an intuitive reading of the statute, this program essentially relied for years on a secret body of law,” the senators wrote in the letter.
Police are continuing to investigate an incident at the University of Texas at Dallas where two copies of the Muslim holy book were recently found inside a toilet bowl.
The Mercury, UT-Dallas' student newspaper, broke the news April 11 that two UT-Dallas students noticed the copies of the Quran in the men's bathroom on March 28 and alerted authorities.
UT-Dallas Police Chief Larry Zacharias told The Texas Tribune on Thursday that investigators "don't have too many leads” but are conducting video reviews with help from university staff. He said his team may have narrowed the timeframe for the incident down to about a 30-minute period.
“It's not something we want to blast out on campus because we don't want people to go, ‘Oh, you're a suspect in the Quran thing,'” Zacharias said.
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.
Zacharias emphasized the diversity of the student body and said, “There's not much divisiveness on this campus at all.”
During the November elections, when tensions were high, he said he made a point to ask students on campus, particularly Muslim women, if they felt safe. The answer was always yes, he said.
Zacharias said he agrees with comments he's heard from students, who he said view what happened as a “one-time, stupid incident.”
The president of UT-Dallas' Muslim Students Association condemned the incident in an interview with The Mercury.
“Given the current political climate and how Muslims are portrayed in the media, it makes certain individuals act in this hateful way,” said Mohammad Syed.
Syed told The Mercury that the UT-Dallas community has responded with support and appreciation.
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.
Read more:
Earlier this session, representatives from the Texas Muslim community denounced "intolerance" shown by the state's lawmakers towards their religion.
Two Texas mosques burned to the ground in January.
Disclosure: The University of Texas at Dallas has been a financial supporter of The Texas Tribune. A complete list of Tribune donors and sponsors is available here.
Once again with Beta 3 we are looking at almost entirely fixes rather than features. Still, many of those fixes are worth mentioning in an abbreviated change log, and at least one is worth bringing up by name.
Ever since the release of iOS 7, Airplay support in XBMC has suffered. Fortunately, thanks to generous contributions from our users, the Foundation has been able to purchase hardware specifically for testing and development of this and related issues, and dev Memphiz appears to have finally resolved the majority of Airplay issues in this Beta release (except for Android for now). If you continue experiencing Airplay issues after installing beta 3, be certain to post about it in the forum and include a debug log.
For a full rundown of the major features of XBMC 13, as well as a review of the hazards of switching to XBMC 13, see our Beta 1 post.
Fixes
* Android hardware video decoding support added to Exynos devices (such as Odroid or Exynos
* Various video and audio playback fixes
* Skip to DVD menu has now been brought on par with the automatic skip performed by VLC
* Wii controller support on Linux
* Language and description updates
* Other fixes
After upgrade
After you have updated from Frodo or any earlier alpha or beta it might pay of to force refresh the XBMC.org repository. This is to make sure the most recent repository list is loaded and needed updates become available. This could be the case when wanting to use the new subtitle downloading feature and you cannot find the new services to install. Doing it regardless doesn't hurt. Here's a quick how-to found on our wiki: Force refresh
The Shirt
From the entire dev team to so many of you, we would like to say thank you for banding together on this t-shirt sale. If you revisit the sale page, you'll see that we sold just a touch over 1200 shirts, which translates to roughly 1/3rd the entire price of the 2014 upcoming Developer's Conference. To put it more simply, our users just single-handledly assured us that the team would be able to get together this year and dramatically further development, just as was done last year.
We'd also like to apologize to those who weren't able to purchase the shirt. As a general rule, when these things are done, they're done forever. However, this time it really was just a simple, plain XBMC shirt. It may one day make a comeback. You'll have to keep your eyes open though.
Conclusion
Should want to download and install XBMC, please visit our download page.
* Official XBMC downloads
How to Contribute
If you use these builds, we encourage you to submit bugs in Trac (following this guide: How to submit a bug report), provide support in our Forums where you can, or donate to the Foundation if you like. For a current FAQ on XBMC 13, visit our Gotham FAQ.
The image of illegal aliens in agriculture persists, since they occupy 53 percent of farm labor , but in the near future we may be seeing fewer of them.
The reason: robots and automation are replacing human workers on the farm just as surely as on the factory floor. A few years back, simple automatic harvesters and weeders began to appear in the fields.
Now the technical advances are startling: robots can see a vegetable ready to be harvested and pick it automatically with no human required.
Below, a robotic “hand” picks a pepper.
Keep in mind that a 2013 Oxford University study found that 45 percent of US jobs are vulnerable to computerization in the next 20 years.
So the next time you hear someone like Paul Ryan say there will be future labor shortages because of Boomers leaving the workforce, tell him that technology will more than cover the jobs being left open by retirement.
America certainly doesn't need to double legal immigration, as planned in the Senate Gang of Eight bills, particularly with unskilled peasants from Mexico and points south who will only be additions to the permanent welfare-using underclass.
Given the shrinking need for workers generally because of technology, the correct number of immigrants is ZERO.
In the span of three hours, as Hurricane Harvey barreled toward landfall in Texas last night, the White House dropped three controversial stories — taking the classic tactic of burying news on a Friday night to new heights.
As the nation watched and worried about one of the strongest hurricanes to strike the U.S. in more than a decade, the White House announced a ban on new transgender recruits in the military and the pardon of convicted Arizona county sheriff Joe Arpaio. At the same time, news leaked that a contentious far-right aide to the president, Sebastian Gorka, has left his job. Word of a North Korean missile launch added to the sense of drama. Some hours earlier, the administration had unveiled more sanctions against Venezuela.
All the while, President Donald Trump seemed determined to show he's on the case of monitoring the storm — to avoid the mistakes made by George W. Bush when Katrina flooded New Orleans in 2005 and killed almost 2,000 people. Trump signed a disaster declaration for Texas and sent out seven tweets about the storm and the federal government's response.
Trump's critics, mostly Democrats but some Republicans as well, were quick to criticize Trump's decisions, particularly the pardon of Arpaio. Senate Democratic leader Charles Schumer mocked Trump for using the hurricane as a shield when delivering the news.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
“As millions of people in TX and LA are prepping for the hurricane, the President is using the cover of the storm to pardon a man who violated a court's order to stop discriminating against Latinos and ban courageous transgender men and women from serving our nation's Armed Forces. Then he ran to Camp David,” Schumer, of New York, said in a series of tweets. “The only reason to do these right now is to use the cover of Hurricane Harvey to avoid scrutiny. So sad, so weak.”
White House press secretary Sarah Sanders didn't respond to emails asking about the timing of the announcements.
Category 4
Hurricane Harvey made landfall at about 10 p.m. local time Friday night, striking between Port Aransas and Port O'Connor as a Category 4 storm — one level below the strongest — with Houston, Corpus Christi and Galveston in its sights. Those Texas cities have more than 2.6 million inhabitants combined.
Arizona Senator John McCain, A Republican who's clashed with Trump, said that while Trump may have the authority to pardon Arpaio, “doing so at this time undermines his claim for the respect of rule of law as Mr. Arpaio has shown no remorse for his actions.”
About two hours after Trump boarded Marine One for his trip to Camp David on Friday afternoon — as Harvey spun toward Texas — administration officials briefed reporters on the guidance the White House was giving to the Pentagon to implement the president's order to bar recruitment of transgender people in the military.
Three hours later, at 8 p.m. Washington time, the press office released a statement about the Arpaio pardon. About the same time, the conservative magazine Federalist published a story on its website that Gorka was resigning from the administration.
Gorka was known for his strident defense of the president and criticism of the press, particularly on terrorism issues. That endeared him to the president, but critics in the foreign-policy community questioned his credentials and the far-right policies he frequently espoused.
Formal Directive
The transgender policy, reversing a directive of former President Barack Obama, and Arpaio's pardon drew quick fire from Trump's critics in both parties, and both decisions are sure to win praise from the president's core supporters. But the departure of Gorka risks creating more fractures in Trump's base, coming on the heels of former strategist Stephen Bannon's ouster one week ago.
Much of the criticism of Trump's transgender ban had already been aired since he first announced it in a tweet a month ago. In the more formal directive to the military released Friday, Trump rejected openly transgender individuals as new recruits but authorized Defense Secretary James Mattis to decide in the next six months how to handle transgender personnel already serving in the armed forces.
Media Events
Trump, who often turns the signing of presidential directives into media events, in this case issued the memorandum out of sight. Rather than say anything about it in the immediate aftermath, he tweeted about the hurricane.
“Storm turned Hurricane is getting much bigger and more powerful than projected. Federal Government is on site and ready to respond. Be safe!” he wrote.
Trump had telegraphed his decision about pardoning Arpaio, who was convicted of federal misdemeanor criminal contempt this year after a judge found he had defied a court order to stop using racial profiling in targeting Hispanics he suspected were undocumented immigrants.
“Donald Trump is a coward for releasing this news on a Friday when the nation's attention is rightly focused on Hurricane Harvey and the people who are in its path,” Arizona Congressman Ruben Gallego, a Democrat, said in a statement.
By pardoning Arpaio, Trump threatened to further inflame national tensions over race and immigration while also alienating some of the Republicans who have touted the importance of the rule of law.
Arpaio, who served for 24 years as the sheriff of Maricopa County, Arizona, was defeated in last year's election.
“I have to thank the president of the United States,” Arpaio said in a telephone interview. “I feel vindicated.”
Contact us at editors@time.com.
One of the enduring legends about the early years of the Brooklyn Bridge was a wildly famous incident which may never have happened. Steve Brodie, a character from the Manhattan neighborhood adjacent to the bridge, claimed to have jumped from its roadway, splashed into the East River from a height of 135 feet, and survived.
Whether Brodie actually jumped on July 23, 1886, has been disputed for years. Yet the story was widely believed at the time, and the sensationalist newspapers of the day put the stunt on their front pages.
Reporters provided extensive details about Brodie's preparations, his rescue in the river, and his time spent in a police station following the jump. It all seemed quite credible.
Brodie's leap came a year after another jumper from the bridge, Robert Odlum, died after hitting the water. So the feat had been assumed to be impossible.
Yet a month after Brodie claimed to have jumped, another neighborhood character, Larry Donovan, jumped from the bridge while thousands of spectators watched. Donovan survived, which at least proved that what Brodie claimed to have done was possible.
Brodie and Donovan became locked in a peculiar competition to see who could jump off other bridges. The rivalry ended two years later when Donovan was killed jumping from a bridge in England.
Brodie lived for another 20 years and became something of a tourist attraction himself. He ran a bar in lower Manhattan and visitors to New York City would visit to shake the hand of the man who had jumped from the Brooklyn Bridge.
Brodie's Famous Jump
The news accounts of Brodie's jump detailed how he had been planning the jump. He said his motivation was to make money.
And stories on the front pages of both the New York Sun and New York Tribune provided extensive details of Brodie's activities before and after the jump. After arranging with friends to pick him up in the river in a rowboat, he hitched a ride onto the bridge in a horse-drawn wagon.
While in the middle of the bridge Brodie got out of the wagon. With some makeshift padding under his clothes, he stepped off from a point about 135 feet above the East River.
The only people expecting Brodie to jump were his friends in the boat, and no impartial witnesses claimed to have seen what happened. The popular version of the story was that he landed feet first, sustaining only minor bruises.
After his friends pulled him into the boat and returned him to shore there was a celebration. A policeman came along and arrested Brodie, who appeared to be intoxicated. When the newspaper reporters caught up with him, he was relaxing in a jail cell.
Brodie appeared in court on a few occasions but no serious legal problems resulted from his stunt. And he did cash in on his sudden fame. He began appearing in dime museums, telling his story to gawking visitors.
Donovan's Leap
A month after Brodie's famous jump, a worker in a lower Manhattan print shop showed up at the office of the New York Sun on a Friday afternoon. He said he was Larry Donovan (though the Sun claimed his last name was actually Degnan) and he was going to jump from the Brooklyn Bridge the next morning.
Donovan claimed he had been offered money by the Police Gazette, a popular publication, and was going to ride onto the bridge in one of their delivery wagons. And he would jump with plenty of witnesses to the feat.
Good to his word, Donovan did jump from the bridge on Saturday morning, August 28, 1886. Word had been passed around his neighborhood, the Fourth Ward, and rooftops were crowded with spectators.
The New York Sun described the event on the front page of Sunday's paper:
He was steady and cool, and with his feet close together he leaped straight out into the great space before him. For about 100 feet he shot straight downward as he had leaped, his body erect and his legs tight together. Then he bent slightly forward, his legs spread a little apart and bent at the knees. In this position he struck the water with a splash that sent the spray high in the air and was heard from the bridge and on both sides of the river.
After his friends picked him up in a boat, and he was rowed to shore, he was, like Brodie, arrested. He was also soon free. But, unlike Brodie, he did not want to display himself in the dime museums of the Bowery.
A few months later, Donovan traveled to Niagara Falls. He jumped off the suspension bridge there on November 7, 1886. He broke a rib, but survived.
Less than a year after his leap from the Brooklyn Bridge, Donovan died after jumping from the Southeastern Railway bridge in London, England. The New York Sun reported his demise on the front page, noting that while the bridge in England was not as high as the Brooklyn Bridge, Donovan had actually drowned in the Thames.
Later Life of Steve Brodie
Steve Brodie claimed to have jumped from the suspension bridge at Niagara Falls three years after his purported Brooklyn Bridge leap. But his story was immediately doubted.
When an undercover video of a Planned Parenthood executive casually discussing the harvesting of fetal tissue and organs went viral Tuesday, House Republicans took notice , with party leaders calling for investigations just one day later. Speaker John A. Boehner and Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy issued terse statements, the Judiciary and Energy and Commerce committees announced hearings and Rep. Lynn Jenkins, R-Kan., called for a Justice Department probe into whether the nation's largest abortion provider broke the law in supplying the tissue to medical research firms.
All in all, it was a furious, news-cycle dominating flurry of Capitol Hill reaction — to a video that at least two top Republicans said they first saw weeks ago. Boehner Calls Planned Parenthood Video 'Disgusting'
Rep. Tim Murphy, a member of the House Pro-Life Caucus and chairman of the Energy and Commerce subcommittee looking into the video, said at a Wednesday news conference he'd seen the clip weeks before. Asked afterward why he and others waited until this week to take action, Murphy struggled for an answer before abruptly ending the interview with CQ Roll Call, saying he should not be quoted and remarking, "This interview didn't happen."
Here's an excerpt from CQ Roll Call's hallway chat with Murphy:
CQ Roll Call: "So, what I wondered was, what's happened in those few weeks? Why is it coming out now and not earlier?" Murphy: "Um, I don't know why. All I know is I saw it and he said he was going to post it eventually, so that's all I know."
Murphy spokeswoman Gretchen Andersen told CQ Roll Call on Thursday the congressman had a responsibility to do "due diligence" before starting an investigation.
Another Pro-Life Caucus and Judiciary committee member, GOP Rep. Trent Franks of Arizona, said Wednesday he had also seen the video about a month ago.
Asked why steps weren't taken immediately after he viewed the video, Franks said in an email, "The hope was to have as much information as possible so that the authorities could be notified effectively before the media."
The video, shot a year ago by the anti-abortion group Center for Medical Progress, shows an interview with a Planned Parenthood executive who discusses, between bites of salad and sips of red wine, the costs charged to researchers for organs taken from fetuses.
Officials at Planned Parenthood contend the video was edited to create the appearance of the start of a financial transaction. Planned Parenthood also said it only donates fetal organs and tissue when the mother has explicitly given consent, in accordance with the law.
The Center for Medical Progress did not respond to repeated requests for comment.
Related:
See photos, follies, HOH Hits and Misses and more at Roll Call's new video site. Get breaking news alerts and more from Roll Call in your inbox or on your iPhone.
The Congressional Budget Office (CBO) released a report on the fiscal impact of the Dream Act of 2017 (S.1615) introduced by Senators Lindsay Graham (R-SC) and Dick Durbin (D-Ill.). This process, known as a “scoring,” is done on almost every major bill introduced into committee by Congress. What the CBO found is that the DREAM Act would increase the federal deficit by $25.9 billion over a ten-year period. This is based on its estimation that approximately 2 million individuals will receive legal status and work authorization under the Dream Act. This number is more than double those who are currently benefiting from the extralegal DACA program.
The CBO said:
The bill would affect direct spending by conferring eligibility for federal benefits—health insurance subsidies and benefits under Medicaid and the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP), among others—provided that those applicants met the other eligibility requirements for those programs.
While it involves a number of factors, calculating the fiscal impact of a piece of legislation is straightforward. The determination is whether or not a bill will result in more money going out of the Treasury than coming in. The CBO concluded that the individuals who will receive amnesty under the Dream Act will, on average, cost the government more than they will pay in taxes.
**NOTE: The CBO only considered the first decade after passage. The real government spending on benefits for Dream Act recipients, who are relatively young, will come much later when they qualify for Social Security and Medicare payouts.**
The CBO also considered Chain Migration . It estimated that in the first ten years after enactment:
S. 1615 would cause around 80,000 more people to receive LPR status—as the immediate relatives of the direct beneficiaries of S. 1615 who naturalize—than would be the case under current law.
However, it noted that:
In subsequent decades, some of the additional people who would receive LPR status through chain migration would arrive from abroad.
This Chain Migration would only heighten fiscal outlays in the coming decades.
A common argument that an immigration amnesty will boost revenue is that legalized workers will be much more likely to report their income and pay taxes on that income. The CBO did account for this, yet it also observed that employers would be more likely to take tax exemptions on these legalized employees, reducing overall revenues. And, a provision of the Affordable Care Act would reduce incomes for newly legalized workers who must comply with the law if they file income taxes.
Those increases in revenues [of legalized workers] would be mostly offset for two reasons. First, increased reporting of employment income would result in increases in tax deductions by businesses for labor compensation, including those businesses' contributions to payroll taxes. As a result, corporations would report lower taxable profits and pay less in income taxes….Second, CBO and JCT estimate that there would be a $1.2 billion decrease in revenues over the 2018-2027 period associated with increases in the nonrefundable portion of the premium assistance tax credit provided through the health insurance marketplaces established under the Affordable Care Act.
Reforming the U.S. immigration to admit fewer, higher-skilled immigrants would very likely have a positive fiscal effect (an economic, too). However, this is not the case with amnesty, in this particular case, the Dream Act of 2017.
ERIC RUARK is the Director of Research for NumbersUSA
Two bodies found inside a house on Detroit's east side are believed to be that of a missing 4-year-old girl and her mother.
According to police, an AMBER Alert was issued for 4-year-old Savannah Walker just after 2 a.m. Saturday. The home is about 3.5 miles from where Savannah was last seen. The other body is believed to be Savannah's mother. That AMBER Alert is still active.
Michigan State Police are looking for 33-year-old Marcus Hightower. He's described as a black male, with brown eyes and black hair.
Police have recovered the black Ford Explorer they were looking for as part of a second investigation on the city's east side.
Detroit Police Chief James Craig said the investigation started Tuesday when the family of the mother and Savannah reported them missing in Livingston County. It is believed the two were taken from Howell to Detroit.
According to Craig, there were indications that something more should have been done by Livingston County and there was a communication delay.
The woman's other daughter went to the Brighton Michigan State Police post on Friday afternoon to get more help. With the information given, and a history of domestic violence with Hightower, they put out an AMBER Alert around 2 a.m. Saturday.
Craig said the bodies were found in an abandoned home on a lower level. Fire crews received the call around 5 a.m.
Hightower has a criminal history, and is currently out on parole for Assault with Intent to Commit Murder.
Here is the latest entry in my Appreciation of Oregon series. As I dig into my personal archives to share some of my favorite pictures from some of my favorite places, I'll also share a story or two. I hope you enjoy this work. But most importantly, I hope it inspires you to explore this land and the many marvelous surprises it has to offer. I've learned that creating or pursuing one picture can make my life better. Looking forward to talking about these experiences and yours.
The night I remember was cold and still. Oregon's Big Empty was sleeping. Through my windshield, there had been a few small rabbits around Prineville, some owls near Brothers, a calf and its mother in the road near Malheur Lake or maybe it was Frenchglen.
I was near the end of a seven-hour drive from Portland and couldn't recall the last illuminated light bulb I had seen. The stars though, were electric. It was past midnight and I had a feeling that I was the only person on the planet. I liked this feeling, at least for a night.
I was bouncing along East Steens Road, gravel kicking up from my tires. Giant Steens Mountain filled one window, the Alvord Desert was about to fill the other. I was closing in on the Alvord Hot Spring and feeling very much alive.
There have been many adventures to the Alvord and other Oregon hot springs in the years since that trip to Oregon's dry side. Each, it seems, spawns adventure; hiking into the Umpqua in a fabulous snowstorm, diving into Crystal Crane with the Burns wrestling team and getting towed out of a creek on the way to Three Forks, come immediately to mind.
So if you are looking for an excuse to road trip or need a little adventure in your life, Oregon hot springs are waiting to sooth your body and soul and probably deliver some surprise.
I love the springs because they are born from our geology, the offspring of hot rock and magma. They are gifts that connect us to lush forests, high desert and deep canyons. Sure, they come with a wild west flavor, but isn't that reason to go?
Here's more information about each of the hot springs represented in the photo gallery.
Terwilliger/Cougar
Terwilliger hot spring -- also known as Cougar -- may be Oregon's most famous undeveloped hot spring. The water pours out from a cave in the Willamette National Forest about an hour east of Eugene. The short hike into the pools is lined with old-growth forest. Stone steps lead up the hill from the coolest water to the hottest.
Crystal Crane
On highway 78 about a half hour from Burns, Crystal Crane offers a large outdoor pool and private indoor soaking rooms and tubs. The developed property also offers small cabins and even a seasonal teepee with a tub rental.
Making snow angels by the outdoor pool at Crystal Crane hot springs. On highway 78 about a half hour from Burns, Crystal Crane offers the outdoor pool and private indoor soaking rooms and tubs. The developed property also offers small cabins and even a seasonal teepee with a tub rental. Jamie Francis/The Oregonian
Alvord
The tin shack at the edge of the Alvord Desert protects two concrete pools that are supplied with extremely hot water. The hot spring is on private land and now charges a small fee for use. Some say the admission fee has ruined the feel of the place but the bathhouse is mostly unchanged since the 1930's. It gets battered and bent by the wind and weather but the wooden deck and even the washing tub seats remain part of the charm, and of course looking up at Steens Mountain is not so bad either.
Borax
Borax Lake Hot Spring at the base of Steens Mountain is not the place to go if you are looking for a soaking spring but it sure is fun to see. There are numerous hot springs here, near the road along the base of Steens. The area around Borax Lake supported a mining operation between 1898 and 1907. Chinese laborers extracted borax in big boilers fueled by sagebrush.
Whitehorse or Willow
Whitehorse Ranch or Willow Hot Springs is about a half hour from Fields and sometimes unused for days, maybe because the place is tricky to find. The historic Whitehorse Ranch, started in 1869 by cattle baron John S. Devine, is near. The Whitehorse has been in the cattle business continuously since it was founded. The folks at Fields Station will not only feed you in their restaurant but they are very good about directions to Whitehorse.
Hart Mountain
Hart Mountain National Antelope Refuge covers nearly 300,000-acres and was protected by President Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1936. There is camping at the hot spring, which consists of a pool protected by a manmade wall and other natural pools. Hart Mountain offers spectacular views, pronghorn antelope and lots of rugged and undeveloped land.
Bagby
Bagby Hot Spring is one of Oregon's most visited hot springs. In Estacada within the Mount Hood National Forest about 70 miles from Portland, Babgy features hollowed-out tubs and a forest setting.
Three Forks
Three Forks Hot Spring cascades into the Owyhee River and can be one of the most challenges hot springs to access in one of our state's loneliest places. The spring is at the end of a 30-mile dirt road that passes through several creeks and eventually turns into something like a path. If you make it this far, it's time to figure out a way to get across the river to access the spring.
Umpqua
Umpqua Hot Spring is perched on a cliff about 150 feet above the North Umpqua Wild and Scenic River. The main soaking tub and others here have been hand chiseled out of travertine deposits.
Summer Lake
Summer Lake Hot Spring is located on Oregon highway 31about 125 miles southeast of Bend. The timber and tin bathhouse was built in 1928 but the place also offers outdoor pools and tubs.
--Jamie Francis
COLUMBUS – The Columbus Crew today announced that Major League Soccer Commissioner Don Garber will address the media on Thursday, May 2 in Crew Stadium's Upper 90 Club at 1:00 p.m. ET following the team's training session. Garber is being joined by Crew President & General Manager Mark McCullers in making a joint announcement. Members of the media will have the opportunity to ask the Commissioner about the announcement and a variety of subjects, including the current state of the League, the Crew's march toward Goal 10K and Saturday's nationally televised contest at Crew Stadium between the Black & Gold and the New York Red Bulls (4:00 p.m. ET / NBC Sports Network).
Budweiser Ultimate Tailgate The Cinco de Mayo Budweiser Ultimate Tailgate Offer includes your ticket to the New York Red Bulls match on May 4 and a pre-match buffet in the Stadium Club Tent. Tickets start at only $36. BUY NOW
VALDOSTA, GA—Growing increasingly frustrated as he watched the clips on his laptop, local man Terry Waskin on Thursday was reportedly wondering when the Ocean's 8 trailer was going to show the film's protagonist. “So far I see Sandra Bullock and the woman from Lord of the Rings, but who plays the main character?” said the visibly confused Waskin, adding that though the preview for the upcoming heist comedy had just 20 seconds remaining and had featured a series of supporting characters including one or more likely romantic interests, it somehow had yet to reveal who had the lead role. “James Corden definitely has a role, but he has to be some sort of comic relief sidekick. Why are they keeping the main guy such a secret? How will I know if I even want to see this movie if I don't know who the star is?” At press time, Waskin had decided that the identity of the protagonist must be part of a major plot twist and therefore couldn't be revealed in the trailer.
Advertisement
GRAND RAPIDS, MI - Grand Rapids FC, a first-year semi-pro team, got in its final scrimmage Friday before its debut May 9 so, of course, coach George Moni wasn't satisfied. "No, I wasn't, and I told the boys that," he said after the club topped Aquinas College 2-0 at MVP Sports. "We had about four or five chances in the second half that we could have converted, and we had chances in the first half as well." That said, Moni also understood the team was overly pumped with the season set to start in a week. "I think the chances in the second half were due to fatigue," he said, noting he had 16 players available for the afternoon match. "There was low structure defensively where players were out of position, eager to do too much. I understand that. They have energy. We just have to put that energy in the right place." Domenic Barone, formerly from East Kentwood and Michigan State, scored both goals - in the fifth and 21st minutes. Mark Barone, who later left with a minor knee injury, and Ahmad Bah picked up assists. Beau Prey played the first 60 minutes in goal; Jesse Guevara finished. The scrimmage was played before about 500 who lined the fences to watch, "You couldn't ask for much more from a Friday afternoon game," owner Matt Robert said. "I think a great day all around to get the team together and give the fans a chance to see them." The community-funded team, which includes more than 560 members, will play in the fourth division Great Lakes Premier League. Grand Rapids FC begins the season May 9 at Lansing United. The first home game is May 30 against AFC Ann Arbor at Houseman Field. Roberts said more than 800 tickets have been sold.
Pete Wallner covers sports for MLive/Grand Rapids Press. Email him at pwallner@mlive.com or follow him on Twitter, Facebook or Google+.
President Barack Obama chats with DNC chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz on April 22, 2015. | Getty Obama says he has Wasserman Schultz's back
Speaking at a Democratic National Committee fundraiser in Miami on Friday, President Barack Obama expressed his support for his party's embattled chairwoman — Florida Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz.
"She's had my back, I want to make sure we have her back,” he said.
Story Continued Below
Wasserman Schultz has faced blistering criticism in recent weeks, with some insiders speculating she could be ousted before the convention in July amid a drawn-out Democratic primary battle between Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders.
Sanders has accused Wasserman Schultz of bias toward Clinton — and has endorsed her primary challenger, law professor Tim Canova.
Removing a sitting party chair in the middle of an election would be complicated, and Obama has generally refrained from intervening in the primary contest.
On Friday, however, he expressed his unequivocal support, saying Wasserman Schultz is “somebody who I don't know how she does it, because she's everywhere all the time, non-stop, and she's a mom and a wife and has been just incredibly supportive of my agenda."
Members of Brazil's rapidly urbanizing middle class are working more, earning more, and having kids later. And to fill their tiny apartments in the meantime, they're buying more and more dogs as pets. Brazilians, in fact, have nearly 20 million small dogs at home—more per capita than any country in the world, according to data from market research firm Euromonitor International.
Dog ownership, like cocaine use, can be seen as an economic indicator. Higher incomes mean people can actually afford to have pets—not to mention feed them pricey kibbles, send them to groomers and kennels, buy them toys, and flaunt them in dog shows. For that reason, the US remains a paragon of dog-doting, with the world's biggest pet pooch population, in both absolute and per capita terms.
Elsewhere, however, dog ownership trends are changing, reflecting a new economic reality. We'll be exploring those changes in a series of posts this week. Call it Quartz Dog Week.
Latin America has a long dog-owning tradition: Some pups were even found buried with their Inca owners around Machu Pichhu. Today, four countries—Chile, Brazil, Argentina, and Mexico—rank in the world's top 10 for household penetration. The average home in those countries is more likely to have a pooch than not have one.
Brazil tops the list in absolute terms, with nearly 36 million pups—more dogs than Canada has people. Some 55% of those dogs weigh less than 20 pounds (9.1 kilos), as tiny terriers, shih tzus, and chihuahuas fit with the lives of the 85% of Brazilians who live in cramped urban areas. Brazilian dogs are taken in droves to be blessed by priests in honor of St. Francis of Assis; a few are even ferried about in “pet taxis,” taken for dog face lifts, or brought to breed in a doggie “love motel.”
By taking its case to the UN's arbitration court in The Hague, the Philippines government hoped to find a peaceful, internationally acceptable solution to its long-running maritime dispute with China, its vastly more powerful neighbour. But Tuesday's ruling, largely backing Manila and rejecting Beijing's claims to exclusive control of large parts of the South China Sea, may do the exact opposite, stoking regional tensions, drawing in the US and Japan, and increasing the risk of armed confrontation.
The possible trigger for such an escalation is China's refusal to accept the authority and jurisdiction of the UN court, and its instant rejection of its findings, despite the fact Beijing is a signatory of the UN's convention on the law of the sea, which the court oversees, and is a permanent member of the UN security council. This attempt by Beijing to cherry-pick which treaties and rules it follows poses a significant challenge to the supremacy of international law and the UN system, of which it, in theory, is a key guardian. Its supporters will argue it is only following the US example.
That Chinese officials and state media pre-empted the court ruling over a period of months before the verdict, disparaging the court and proclaiming its proceedings null and void, suggests a disturbing new doctrine of Chinese exceptionalism may be emerging under the muscular tutelage of Xi Jinping, China's authoritarian president. The irony should not be lost on the US, which justified its 20th-century global expansion in terms of exceptionalism and now finds itself on the receiving end.
China's island-building across the South China Sea has been exclusive, unapologetic, rapid and brazen. It has barely bothered to disguise its plans to create new facts on the (new) ground, including naval, air force and missiles bases. It has busily employed its soft-power influence, for example as a major lender and investor in developing countries, to face down possible criticism. And it has produced supposedly authentic, ancient documents supporting its dubious claims, behaving much like a dodgy auctioneer trying to pass off a fake oil painting as an Old Master.
Chinese propaganda noisily rejected the court's findings even before they were made public. Its drive to whip up diplomatic support in advance in places as distant as Lesotho and Palestine suggests Beijing knows very well, privately, that its attempt, in effect, to annex most of the South China Sea has scant historical, legal or moral justification. Generally speaking, the louder a government shouts, the bigger its lies.
The Philippines, under the maverick leadership of its newly elected president, Rodrigo Duterte, might appear to be first in the firing line as China looks for ways to give concrete expression to its deep displeasure. Manila thought long and hard about the possible adverse consequences of bearding its giant neighbour before bringing the case in 2013.
China's provocative efforts to bar Philippines vessels from Scarborough Shoal, generally considered to be located within the Philippines' exclusive economic zone, and its lack of seriousness over finding a diplomatic solution through bilateral talks meant Benigno Aquino, Duterte's predecessor, had little choice but to seek redress, whatever the cost.
In doing so, Manila became unofficial standard-bearer for others in the region, including Vietnam, Singapore, Indonesia and Malaysia, all of which dispute China's “nine-dash line” encompassing 90% of the South China Sea's fisheries, strategic shipping lanes and untapped energy resources. As the dispute intensified, all these countries, in common with Japan and Taiwan, have been steadily reinforcing their military-to-military relationships with the US. Washington sent a powerful naval force to the area before The Hague ruling and has mounted numerous patrols to maintain freedom of navigation in what it and they view as international waters.
Thus the principal object of China's ire may turn out to be not the Philippines, whose protestations it feels it can safely ignore, but rather the US, the military superpower that binds regional nations together in a potential anti-Beijing coalition. State media have already been complaining about a US-led conspiracy, while officials from Xi down have made clear their grim determination to defend what they define as Chinese sovereignty and territory, with force if necessary.
It is possible Xi may back off, even at the risk of losing face. As host of September's G20 meeting, he may opt not to further inflame international opinion. But it is also possible he may choose to sink or swim – escalating, for example, by stationing advanced combat aircraft on the artificial islands he has built or declaring unilateral air and sea exclusion zones.
Facing unquantifiable challenges at home arising from China's economic slowdown and growing public dissatisfaction with Communist party incompetence and corruption, it may suit Xi to generate some kind of bogus national emergency, tightening his grip on power by exaggerating external threats. The risks inherent in such a course of action, on land and sea, are only too obvious.
© AP Photo/ Richard Drew
With the exception of the USSR, no country has ever faced such a dramatic decline in relative power as the US, Patrick Buchanan points out, adding that hubris, ideology, bellicosity, and stupidity have dealt a blow to America's positions.By the end of George H.W. Bush's presidency, the United States had come out on top as the sole global superpower; however, a lot has changed since then, admitted Patrick J. Buchanan, an American conservative political commentator and publicist, noting that Washington's once unchallenged supremacy is vanishing into thin air.The political commentator emphasized that after the collapse of the Soviet Union, Washington demonstrated "imperial content" to Russia, "shoving NATO right up into Moscow's face" and carrying out "color-coded" revolutions in the former Soviet Republics.On the other hand, Washington has seriously miscalculated by considering China a tame partner. The United States moved its manufacturing bases overseas and opened its markets to goods made in China. However, it seems that Beijing has not forgotten the humiliations of the past and is eager now to pay back the West for them.Furthermore, Mr. Buchanan underscored that the "great work" of Nixon and Reagan, who meant to split China from Russia in Eurasia's "Heartland" has been undone. Now Moscow and Beijing are much closer to each other and more antagonistic toward Washington than they were during the Cold War."Since 1992, the US has been swamped with Third World immigrants, here legally and illegally, many of whom have moved onto welfare rolls. Our national debt has grown larger than our GDP. And we have run $11 trillion in trade deficits since Bush I went home to Kennebunkport," Mr. Buchanan highlighted, adding that trillions of dollars have been thrown down the drain during the US' interventions and wars, while tens of thousands of American soldiers have been wounded and killed.While Washington's political and economic strength is fading, its commitments are greater now, the political commentator noted. US military forces have become bogged down in several regions overseas.The United States has found itself in an awkward position, the publicist underscored, with its "present commitments unsustainable" and "retrenchment" as an "imperative."
How Animals Will Need to Migrate to Survive Climate Change
Although the animated projections below unquestionably look awesome, the reality they represent looks much grimmer. We all know that global warming alters wildlife habitats, and thus it comes as no surprise that animals will adapt to changes by seeking cooler climates. According to Audubon, “[this is] how the world's fauna survived climatic changes in the past”, but this time around, animals will have to face many man-made obstacles.
The maps below created by Dan Majka for The Nature Conservancy show the average direction mammals (pink), birds (blue), and amphibians (yellow) need to take to track hospitable climates in North and South America.
The animals' migration will be made more difficult by fences, roads, walls, bridges, cities, etc., and they could even cause them to go extinct if unable to overcome them. And yes, we can help them: Establishing wildlife corridors to reconnect natural regions is possible by “removing fencing, adding wildlife overpasses (or underpasses) to major roadways, and better routing of pipelines and power lines”, says The Nature Conservancy.
Below is the same map, but with the focus put only on the projected major paths that birds will take to reach cooler climates.
For the full map, click here
via Matador Network
A new Animal Crossing game titled Animal Crossing: Happy Home Designer is coming to the Nintendo 3DS later this year as announced on the April Nintendo Direct broadcast today. This new spin off game also marks the introduction of amiibo cards, starting with a collection of Animal Crossing animals.
In Happy Home Designer, the gameplay is all focused on the interior decorating aspect of Animal Crossing without the other chores of the game. Characters will ask you to design a room based on their request and desires and it's your job to fulfill them. It's worth noting that this version of the game has a more Sims-like method of arranging furniture, you don't need to push and shove the pieces around like in the main games.
With the newly introduced amiibo cards, you can scan a character's card to design a room specifically for that character as well as scan additional amiibo cards to invite more animals over to your home. There's no specific information yet on whether we will see every animal available as a card, or how the cards will be sold. Or even the game itself.
We'll continue to cover this game extensively through the release this fall in North America and Europe, including some detailed posts analyzing the released screenshots and trailer. To start off, we've put up a new page dedicated to listing all of the amiibo cards as they are announced. Stay tuned to the blog for more!
This week, I am sponsoring legislation in the United States Congress that will end US military involvement in Libya for the following reasons:
First, the war is illegal under the United States constitution and our War Powers Act, because only the US Congress has the authority to declare war and the president has been unable to show that the US faced an imminent threat from Libya. The president even ignored his top legal advisers at the Pentagon and the department of justice who insisted he needed congressional approval before bombing Libya.
Second, the war has reached a stalemate and is unwinnable without the deployment of Nato ground troops, effectively an invasion of Libya. The whole operation was terribly ill-considered from the beginning. While Nato supports the Benghazi-based opposition (situated in the oil-rich north-east), there is little evidence that the opposition has support of the majority of Libyans. The leading opposition group, the National Front for the Salvation of Libya (which had reportedly been backed by the CIA in the 1980s), should never have launched an armed civil war against the government if they had no chance absent a massive Nato air campaign and the introduction of Nato troops. Their reckless actions, encouraged by western political, military and intelligence interests, created the humanitarian crisis that was then used to justify the Nato war campaign.
Third, the United States cannot afford it. The US cost of the mission is projected to soon reach more than $1bn, and we are already engaged in massive cutbacks of civil services for our own people.
It is not surprising that a majority of Republicans, Democrats and independents alike think the US should not be involved in Libya.
This war is misguided. An invasion would be a disaster. Nato already is out of control, using a UN mandate allowing for protection of civilians as the flimsy pretext for an unauthorised mission of regime change through massive violence. In a just world, the Nato commander would be held responsible for any violations of international law. As a means of continuing the civil war, Nato member France and coalition ally Qatar have both admitted shipping weapons to Libya, in open violation of the United Nations arms embargo.
In the end, the biggest casualty of this game of nations will be the legitimacy of the UN, its resolutions and mandates, and international rule of law. This condition must be reversed. The ban on arms supplies to Libya must be enforced, not subverted by Nato countries. The US must cease its illegal and counterproductive support for a military resolution now.
The US Congress must act to cut off funds for the war because there is no military solution in Libya. Serious negotiations for a political solution must begin to end the violence and create an environment for peace negotiations to fulfil the legitimate, democratic aspirations of the people. A political solution will become viable when the opposition understands that regime change is the privilege of the Libyan people, not of Nato.
VIDEO: 5-on-1 Fight Has a Surprising Ending
Usually in a fight where there are multiple opponents against one victim, we know how the fight is going to end. The video you're about to see, however, will shock you.
From Fight.Buzz:
A fight breaks out on the streets of Las Vegas, but with five against one it is anything but a fair fight. In the video the guy in the red pants can be seen running from another guy chasing him. After crashing into a trash can he is then thrown to the floor and is soon surrounded then punched and kicked repeatedly. Trending: The 15 Best Conservative News Sites On The Internet The tables soon turn however when the guy's friend jumps in to help.
Video below [WARNING: May contain content that can be considered graphic to some viewers]:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K72QDtvMDwc
I'm glad someone came to that man's defense, but it's heartbreakingly unfortunate that this situation took place at all. Parents, please teach your children that it's not okay to be thugs, because this type of insanity needs to stop.
You Might Like
*APY = Annual Percentage Yield. APYs accurate as of 10/02/2018. Rates may change after account is opened. For Kasasa Cash, if qualifications are met each monthly qualification cycle: (1) ATM fees (up to $4.99 per single transaction) incurred during qualification cycle will be reimbursed and credited to account by the second business day following the end on the last day of the statement cycle; (2) balances up to $7,500 receive APY up to 4.01%; and (3) balances over $7,500 earn 0.50% dividends on the portion of the balance over $7,500, resulting in an APY range up to 4.01% - 0.74% APY depending on the balance maintained, assuming a maximum $100,000 in 2nd tier. If qualifications are not met on Kasasa Cash, all balances earn 0.05% APY. Qualifying transactions must post to and settle Kasasa Cash account during monthly qualification cycle. Transactions may take one or more banking days from the date transaction was made to post to and settle account. ATM-processed transactions do not count toward qualifying debit card transactions. "Monthly Qualification Cycle" means a period beginning one day prior to the first day of the current statement cycle through one day prior to the close of the current statement cycle. ATM receipt must be presented for reimbursement of ATM fees of $5.00 or higher within 30 days after the statement cycle where the reimbursement was applicable in order to receive a refund. The advertised Kasasa Cash APY is based on compounding dividends. If member has a Kasasa Saver account, dividends earned on Kasasa Cash balances are automatically transferred to Kasasa Saver each statement cycle and do not compound. Actual dividends paid may be less than advertised Kasasa Cash APY. The Kasasa Saver APYs may be less than Kasasa Cash APYs. Transfers between accounts do not count as qualifying transactions. Pelican reserves the right to restrict the number of Kasasa accounts per member.
$\begingroup$
(I'm far from expert. These are just musings from a junior statistician who has dealt with different, but loosely analogous, issues. My answer might be out of context.)
Given a new sample to be predicted, and an oracle which has access to a much larger training set, then maybe the "best" and most honest prediction is to say "I predict with 60% probability that this belongs in the Red class rather than the Blue class".
I'll give a more concrete example. Imagine that, in our very large training set, there is a large set of samples that are very similar to our new sample. Of these, 60% are blue and 40% are red. And there appears to be nothing to distinguish the Blues from the Red. In such a case, it's obvious that a 60%/40% is the only prediction a sane person can make.
Of course, we don't have such an oracle, instead we have lots of trees. Simple decision trees are incapable of making these 60%/40% predictions and hence each tree will make a discrete prediction (Red or Blue, nothing in between). As this new sample falls just on the Red side of the decision surface, you will find that almost all of the trees predict Red rather than Blue. Each tree pretends to be more certain than it is and it starts a stampede towards a biased prediction.
The problem is that we tend to misinterpret the decision from a single tree. When a single tree puts a node in the Red class, we should not interpret that as a 100%/0% prediction from the tree. (I'm not just saying that we 'know' that it's probably a bad prediction. I'm saying something stronger, i.e. that we should be careful we interpret as being the tree's prediction). I can't concisely expand on how to fix this. But it is possible to borrow ideas from areas of statistics about how to construct more 'fuzzy' splits within a tree in order to encourage a single tree to be more honest about its uncertainty. Then, it should be possible to meaningfully average the predictions from a forest of trees.
I hope this helps a little. If not, I hope to learn from any responses.
What's a Russian ultranationalist to do when he discovers his ultranationalist paraphernalia is made in Uzbekistan?He could be grateful that his chauvanism is providing work for Uzbeks in Uzbekistan.He could urge his comrades in black boots to buy more and more of the stuff to prevent Uzbeks from migrating to Mother Russia.He could denounce nationalists who insist on waving Russian-made flags as enemy agents.Or he could post a whinging video."My Russian brothers" the cameraman begins. "Why am I shooting a video of a flag, a polo shirt, and a T-shirt -- all patriotic ones."He says the clothing is worn by his nationalist friends and group members who do not want Russia "to be flooded with millions and millions of legal and illegal migrants from Central Asia."Then, the punch line: he flips over the tag of the polo shirt to display, in English, "Made in Uzbekistan.""We're [ethnic] Russians" is written in large white script on the next garment.But its tag -- using Russian this time, perhaps as a gesture of goodwill to the nationalists -- also says "Made in Uzbekistan.""It's nonsense," he says as he concludes the video, which was posted on a far-right page. "Just nonsense."Tensions between ethnic Russians and Central Asian migrants, many of whom work in harsh conditions in low-paying jobs, are high in Russia.A crackdown on migrants this summers and forced more than 600 people into tent camps to await deportation.In a poll of Moscow residents by the independent Levada Center, 55 percent cited migrants as the city's "main problem."-- Glenn Kates and Alisher Siddkov
FOXBOROUGH, Mass. – New England Revolution forward Juan Agudelo underwent a successful minor procedure to reduce a small facial bone fracture at Massachusetts General Hospital on Friday. Agudelo is not expected to miss significant time and is likely to resume training in full when the Revolution return to Tucson, Ariz. on Feb. 13 for the remainder of the club's preseason.
The Barnegat, N.J. native suffered the fracture during the first half of the United States Men's National Team's match against Jamaica on Friday, Feb. 3. Agudelo made two appearances, including one start, with the USMNT in its initial camp of 2017. He has collected 23 caps and three goals for his international career.
For the Revolution in 2016, Agudelo matched his career high with seven goals and added a career-high five assists in 24 appearances, earning the team's Golden Boot Award following the season. He finished the MLS regular season at a torrid pace, recording four goals and three assists in the Revolution's final seven League matches.
That is right everyone. The studio behind recent work such as Saekano: How to Raise a Boring Girlfriend, Erased, and Occultic;Nine are going to be teaming up with Porter Robinson. In an announcement made on Porter Robinson's facebook page (see below), came the news that the two will be teaming up for an animation. This animation will tie in with Porter Robinson and Madeon's recent tour called “Shelter.” The animation will be debuting on October 18th, so get hyped people!
This is incredibly exciting as Porter Robinson is notorious for utilizing animated visuals and various Japan inspired themes. So it comes as no surprise, but that just means that everyone will get to experience an incredible journey to accompany the musician's work.
If it is anything reminiscent of Daft Punk's Interstella 5555: The 5tory of the 5ecret 5tar 5ystem then we are in for one hell of a ride. It is not clear if it is just a short animation to go with the song “Shelter” or something longer. I'm sure it will be spectacular no matter what.
UPDATE
Since the original posting, Porter has since posted an additional screenshot and a description of the story. The title of the animation is ‘shelter the animation' (not terribly creative, but who cares at this point).
Porter describes the animation as:
Editor's note: An earlier version of this story and many other sources referred to the victim as "Edward Orozco" but now it appears his name is in fact Ever Orozco.
A 69-year-old man was allegedly stabbed to death with an eight-inch knife under a New York subway station in broad daylight Sept. 16.
Though witnesses initially speculated that the attack occurred over a cell phone, officials are now reporting that the victim lost his life because the attacker thought the man was gay, according to NBC.
UPDATE at 7:30pm ET on Tuesday, September 17: Sources originally claimed that Orozco was gay. New reports state that he was actually a "former MTA worker who had just taken his wife to the doctor" and that Torres, the alleged murderer, had used a similar excuse when he committed a another stabbing prior to this incident.
Steven Torres, a 22-year-old Bronx resident, is facing charges of second degree murder for the death of Ever Orozco after allegedly attacking the man beneath the elevated 7 train station at 90th St. and Roosevelt Ave as he was feeding a parking meter around 1:30 p.m.
"There was a lot of screaming, and all I could see was the guy was stabbing him -- stabbing him and stabbing him," stated Eddie De Jesus, a local stop owner who bore witness to the incident.
According to the New York Daily News, Torres is claiming that he initiated the attack because Orozco "[blew] kisses" at him.
"I really don't know what to think," Julio Lobaton, who witnessed the attack, told ABC. "I'm just shaken because what happened to this poor guy...He was screaming, 'Help me.' I tried to intervene, but then he pulled a knife and started stabbing the guy on the floor."
Torres reportedly led witnesses attempting to come to Orozco's aid on a chase through the neighborhood before police apprehended him at 84th St. and Roosevelt Av.
Other eyewitnesses reportedly stated that Torres remained silent as he slaughtered Orozco to death -- but laughed after being apprehended by authorities. "He was laughing, yes," Lobaton told ABC. "He was laughing like nothing."
Edward Orozco was pronounced dead at Elmhurst Hospital in Queens, according to reports.
This is the second high-visibility alleged murder of a individual believed to be gay at the time of the attack in NYC over the past several months, with Mark Carson shot to death in the West Village last May after suspect Elliot Morales reportedly referred to him and his companion as "gay wrestlers."
Overall, NYC has seen a sharp spike in anti-LGBT violence since the spring, with former mayoral candidate Christine Quinn reportedly stating that year-to-year numbers have shown an expected 70 percent increase in anti-gay hate crimes.
Additionally, in mid-August a gay couple was attacked while walking home from the movies in the historically gay-friendly neighborhood of Chelsea. Prior to this incident, a man was a victim of violence after leaving the popular gay bar Pieces, and a group of Knicks fans attacked a gay couple near Madison Square Garden, breaking one of the the individuals' wrists and calling them faggots. A group of gay men were also the victims of alleged anti-gay police brutality in the Brooklyn neighborhood of Bedstuy in early June.
NetBeans.org Community News
Back to the community news list
New NetBeans IDE 7.2 Available - The Smarter and Faster Way to Code
By: tinu, 24 Jul 2012
NetBeans IDE 7.2 provides a significantly improved performance and coding experience, with new static code analysis capabilities in the Java Editor and smarter project scanning. The release also includes notable features such as integration with Scene Builder for visually creating JavaFX forms; support for multiple PHP frameworks; updated Groovy support; and many other enhancements in Java EE, Maven, C/C++ and the NetBeans Platform. NetBeans IDE is the Smarter and Faster way to code!
Download NetBeans IDE 7.2
Release Highlights:
Improved Performance
FindBugs Integration
JavaFX Scene Builder Integration
Enhanced Java Editor Tools
Enhanced Java EE Features
PHP 5.4 Support and more
Updated Groovy and Grails Support
TestNG Support
NetBeans IDE 7.2 is available in English, Brazilian Portuguese, Japanese, Russian, and Simplified Chinese.
This mod is moved! Look in description for more up-to-date links!
I AM NO LONGER WORKING ON THIS
I have a newer version uploaded here: moddb.com
Really I've only adapted translations, I'm not really interested in working on AO for CoM anymore since STCoM is more of what I'm looking for in a weapon mod, alternatively ddeo's version is more recent work: moddb.com
I'm more likely to answer comments on the stalker CoM page (first link)
REQUIRES:
Call of Misery 1.0c, the version I used is found here, another version that is reported to work is here. (Other versions may cause crashes/errors, please only use these versions)
Call of Misery English Translation found here
IF YOU GET CRASHES/ERRORS:
If you get any "can't open wpn_(insert gun here)" errors, I suggest reinstalling both misery and AO, I do not know why such an error occurs since I cannot recreate it. If you have any additional addons, try running Misery+AO alone to be sure it is not caused by the AO.
ADDON INFO:
This is Arsenal Overhaul ported to Call of Misery in English, includes edits to weapon degradation rates to match Misery's and three optional files:
Original Arsenal Overhaul Weapon Degradation
Enemies Don't Always Drop Broken Guns
Open Scopes
Enables Grenades (May cause grenade spam!)
MORE INFORMATION CAN BE FOUND IN THE README.TXT's, EACH OPTIONAL FILE HAS ITS OWN
CHANGELOG:
v0.0 - Release
v0.1 - Attempted to fix crash caused by wpn_sig220
- Fixed NPC's grenade mayhem (Thanks bi0nicman for the fix!) They now throw less often and less accurately, no more grenades landing directly at your feet every time.
v0.2 - Added Open Scopes in Optional files.
- NPC grenades are still a bit ridiculous, so they are disabled by default, they can be re-added via the Optional files.
INSTALLATION:
Ensure CoM 1.0c w/ English Translation are installed, drop gamedata into main Call of Misery folder, drop in desired optional files in similar fashion.
CREDITS:
E.Nigma42 for Arsenal Overhaul, Dimeyne for porting it to AO
Junx, v1ld and bi0nicman for Call of Misery English Translations
COMING SOON:
In 2005, Reddit was founded by Steve Huffman and Alexis Ohanian: two college roommates who wanted to create a place to exchange links. It wasn't a "bastion of free speech," or anything even resembling a community. So it shouldn't surprise anyone that the company's new leaders, who are the same as its original founders, don't seem to know how to deal with the monster they created.
Reddit's leaders — dual patriarchs who have each indulged in fantasies about democracy 2.0 — don't seem to understand that their internet message board is not actually a country and their content policy is not legislation. They don't understand their own product. Community cannot be fixed with technology; hateful language cannot be contained with a splash page. The idea that Reddit is some kind of government is a metaphor gone horribly wrong, and one that has caused its leaders to sabotage themselves when framing their obligations. For example, new Reddit CEO Steve Huffman wrote on Thursday that "banning is like capital punishment," which is an absurd, intellectually childish way to talk about closing message boards that post racist memes. Still, it's pretty telling; that kind of language mostly makes sense to a swath of angry young men who think they are the new Sons of Liberty for calling Ellen Pao tyrannical.
This week, Reddit users widely expected the site's worst communities to be culled after Huffman foreshadowed drastic action. As usual, here's what actually happened: yesterday, the people in charge of Reddit made more vague promises that will do very little to purge the site of its ruinous racists and trolls. As BuzzFeed's Charlie Warzel correctly put it, Reddit's community needed leadership, but what it got was more ideology.
Reddit's leaders haven't given anybody a reason to trust them
Here are the key additions to the site's short list of rules:
The "prohibited content" list has expanded to include "anything that harasses, bullies, or abuses an individual or group of people," or that "incites harm."
Content that "violates a common sense of decency" will become slightly harder to find by requiring users to log in to see it. The test for what falls under this category will be "I know it when I see it."
If we forgive the Reddit-as-government metaphor for a moment, it has a bigger problem. Reddit doesn't know how to be an effective government. "I know it when I see it" is an out-dated Supreme Court indecency standard that was used to regulate the location of porn stores. And the same problems that came up with that standard are now coming up on Reddit; Huffman had to respond to confused users and assure them that words like "offensive" and "obscene" wouldn't be used to ban the site's sex-positive BDSM and kink communities.
Reddit is struggling to make clear policies, but that's not enough. It also has to do some real work to enforce them. When told by one user that the new prohibited content policy looks a lot like the old one, Huffman agreed. "This isn't different from what we have right now," he wrote. "But we really need to enforce it better." So far the company hasn't given anybody a reason to trust it will follow through. First, the new rules aren't actually rules yet. Huffman's announcement, titled "let's talk about content," was supposed to be a conversation with a community that routinely fails to police itself. But what it really looked like was a leader taking marching orders from people who will defend to the death not the right to free speech, but the obligation of a private company to provide server space for hate speech.
Banning abuse has been a low priority
Combating hate has never been a priority for Reddit. Despite Huffman's claim that he banned all kinds of offensive content when the site was young, the company's enforcement of bright-line rules has been most aggressive when copyright is violated. It took Anderson Cooper talking about borderline child porn on the site to snap Reddit out of its moral lethargy.
Reddit hasn't given a complete picture of how it will enforce its new rules, but its overture suggests more half-measures. As part of Thursday's proposed rule changes, Huffman said the company would ban a subreddit that encouraged rape, but not r/coontown (pictured below), the site's most publicized hate community. "The content there is offensive to many," Huffman wrote, "but does not violate our current rules for banning."
"The content there is offensive to many, but does not violate our current rules for banning."
Banning communities that actively encourage rape is unequivocally good (even though action hasn't been taken yet), but it shouldn't end the discussion. Reddit doesn't deserve special credit for banning places that tell men to rape women. That ought to be one of the easiest decisions in the world, and the fact that it seems like a novel approach to governing a site with 160 million monthly visitors is abhorrent. Huffman's plan for hate communities like r/coontown is to quarantine them from the rest of Reddit. But the mechanism of this isolation is a joke. Former Reddit CEO Yishan Wong's approach to hateful content was telling everyone that "each man is responsible for his own soul." Reddit's new policies are basically a restatement of that, plus a button you have to click on. Users will eventually have to sign in to Reddit to access its worst communities, but that means nothing will change for everyone who already uses Reddit — Reddit already requires you to log in to leave comments or vote on links, and those members represent the entire community.
Reddit can't seem to call hate speech what it is
Much like Not Safe For Work sections of the site, hate communities will have their own new gate. But Reddit doesn't even seem to know when to take a stand simply by calling things what they are; when asked how to classify these subreddits, Huffman said, "I've tried a lot of names, and none of them fit." How about hate speech?
And how is this secondary classification different from the content Reddit says it plans on prohibiting? Where does content that "harasses, bullies, or abuses an individual or group of people" not overlap with "content that violates a common sense of decency?" As usual, Reddit users have been given little guidance from the site's leaders on what to expect.
Sweeping hate under the rug won't fix the problem
Furthermore, reclassification of nasty content will do nothing to keep the people who consume and create that content from infecting the rest of Reddit. There's plenty of documentation that suggests efforts to sweep these communities under the rug will be difficult, if not impossible. (Huffman indirectly admits this, calling the idea of a safe space an "impossible concept to achieve.") Many of Reddit's powerful moderators are in charge of both the site's most popular subreddits and its most vile communities — and Reddit has no plans to stop relying on its moderators.
In fact, the only solution — short of hiring more community managers, which Reddit seems unwilling to do — is to give moderators more power. That's not all bad; many of Reddit's moderators are decent, generous human beings who support vibrant communities. The site's crown jewel, the Ask Me Anything section, is run by two lawyers who value Reddit and volunteer their time to provide a useful service to everyone. But anybody can be a moderator. And that's why Reddit has been so reliable at producing troll dictators who create mini-empires full of, among other things, borderline child porn and racist trolling. The only reason this system is still in place is because Reddit's leaders seem more determined than ever to characterize Reddit as a democracy and make their decisions by vague consensus.
Reddit is not a government!
The Reddit-as-government myth is so patently ridiculous that it falls apart on casual inspection. The site's system of voting is designed only to arrange links in a certain order. The only other "democratic" feature is the ability to jump ship from a community you don't like to start a new one, which, to keep the analogy consistent, is the equivalent of telling people who don't like the president to move to Canada.
Reddit's administrators also can't keep its stories straight about the site's purpose. Huffman was recently burned for saying that "Reddit was never a bastion of free speech," even though his counterpart, co-founder Alexis Ohanian, has routinely portrayed Reddit that way. But there's actually no free speech on Reddit — the very fact that we keep talking about it that way allows the executives in charge of it to sidestep their responsibilities. Reddit is a company that runs a private platform, it can do whatever it wants, and what it should want to do is ban hate speech without a second thought. Instead, its leaders keep insisting on a metaphor of governance so worthless, it can't effectively provide an intellectual framework to justify rooting out cancerous hate.
Reddit's leaders contradict themselves so much it's embarrassing
There are so many examples of Reddit's leaders contradicting themselves, it's embarrassing. Remember how Huffman said the idea of a safe space is an impossible concept to achieve? The company's own stated values disagree. Creating "a safe space to encourage participation" is one of Reddit's corporate core values — along with "allow freedom of expression."
In fact, if you just judge Reddit's leadership by the company's stated values, they've failed all over the board. Line-items like "make deliberate decisions," "turn ideas into actions and get things done," and "don't be paralyzed by the status quo" are phrases you would struggle to associate with Reddit, which has long neglected the volunteers who do all its hard work. The company's own blog is a detailed history of its narrow struggle to keep its servers running and the lights on. Reddit barely executes on its core values as a very small company. How can it be expected to steward a platform for millions of voices? Worse, Reddit's leaders don't even actually seem to understand who those voices belong to.
Third party statistics on Reddit demographics peg its user composition as high as 74 percent male, and many of those male users are young. When asked about these figures, a Reddit spokesperson told The Verge that the split is 56 percent male and 44 percent female, based on a nationwide survey of 13,000 adults over 18 — meaning Reddit's perception of its userbase is something of an outlier. Reddit doesn't even seem to know who uses Reddit.
Huffman says that the company will "try more aggressive approaches" if "hateful users continue to spill out into mainstream Reddit." But hateful users pervade mainstream Reddit; their words and ideas can be found nearly everywhere, whether it's casual talk about rape, or a meme of Neil deGrasse Tyson as "black science man." It's definitely not an easy problem to solve, just like solving racism is not easy — but there are obvious ways to attack it. Banning places like coontown is an easy first step. Too bad Reddit's leaders lack the courage to take it.
Which? kicks rugby ticket scam site into touch 26 August 2015
With one month to go until the start of Rugby World Cup 2015, a new Which? investigation has exposed a scam website re-selling tickets with no guarantee they'll ever arrive.
Rugby World Cup 2015 is set to start on 18th September and there's been hot competition to get one of the tournament's 2.5 million tickets. However, we've found one website – GetSporting.com – offering deals that may be too good to be true, selling tickets for sold out matches like England v Australia and England v Wales. According to Which? enquiries into the company's track record and several online review sites, it appears consumers are unlikely to receive tickets or could even receive fake ones.
Which? believes this site is operating unlawfully and is urging rugby fans looking for a last minute ticket to avoid it.
It is not registered as an official Rugby World Cup 2015 re-selling site and is operating against the ticketing policy for Rugby World Cup 2015, allowing people to buy up to 10 tickets at once instead of the official allowance of four. The law states ticket re-selling sites need to outline to consumers which standing or seating area the tickets relate to and the original face value. GetSporting.com is doing neither of these things.
Its payment methods have also given us cause for concern. It's offering a discount for people who pay for their tickets through wire transfer but this method of payment means it's almost impossible to get your money back if something goes wrong. For example, if someone is buying 10 top band Cup Final tickets from the site, they could stand to lose around £18,000.
Which? has tried to contact GetSporting.com but it is yet to respond to our request for a comment. Which? has also been informed that the company never had a physical office at the address that was listed on its website.
We have raised our concerns with Trading Standards and we expect them to take immediate action against the people behind this site to get it shut down. We have helpful advice on our consumer rights website on how people can spot dodgy ticketing sites.
Which? executive director, Richard Lloyd, said:
“With fans trying to get last minute tickets to Rugby World Cup 2015, it's an ideal time for ticket scammers to try to make a fast buck. We expect the authorities to take swift action against dodgy sites and we advise people to keep their wits about them. If an offer looks too good to be true, it probably is.
Some other well-known secondary ticket sites, like Seatwave, StubHub and Viagogo, are also not registered as official re-sale agents for Rugby World Cup 2015 and, consequently, tickets bought on these sites may not be accepted. Rugby World Cup 2015 has set up its own tool for people to check whether the site they are buying from is an official registered vendor: rugbyworldcup.com/buyofficial
Notes for editors:
The official site for Rugby World Cup tickets is tickets.rugbyworldcup.com Ticket prices and availability on GetSporting.com were correct as of Friday 21stAugust 2015. We found Band A tickets for the Final at Twickenham Stadium being sold for £1,795 each.
Press Release: Consumer, Consumer Rights, Richard Lloyd, Which?
Not many people would have given Michael Chang a chance to emerge victorious on that fateful day in Paris. He was the 15th seed, facing the world number 1 and reigning Australian Open champion – and was barely 17 years of age. Not to mention the fact that Ivan Lendl also had a very impressive Roland Garros resume, being a three-time former champion, and had made the final there in four of the past five years. Yes the odds were definitely not in Chang's favor, and to say he was an underdog would be quite the understatement.
The two men had met in an exhibition match in Iowa the year before, where Lendl had easily defeated the young American. Lendl had even gone as far as to advise Chang after the match, telling him to improve his serve and baseline weapons if he intended to make it on the professional circuit. He conceded that Chang was fast, but he would need more than just speed to hurt him. Little did he know that Chang would take those words to heart and work tirelessly to improve his game.
Chang had an easy path to their fourth round encounter at the French Open, dropping only one set en route and even disposing of a young Pete Sampras in the second round. Lendl was yet to drop a set, and was rightly billed as the heavy favorite entering this match.
The first set saw Chang play a few loose points in his opening service game, but he was able to hold. Lendl, possessing the bigger serve, had less difficulty winning his service games. Chang, known for his exceptional defense, played some surprisingly aggressive tennis that saw him match Lendl from the back of the court, and both men held till they were tied at 3-3. However a few errors crept into the American's game, and an errant forehand gave Lendl the first break at 5-3. Lendl attempted to serve for the set but he too was broken back, mostly due to Chang's spectacular defense. Nonetheless Chang was unable to build off his momentum, and lost the first set 6-4.
Chang seemed to put the first set behind him, as he immediately broke Lendl to start the second set. Lendl grew frustrated as Chang displayed some incredible defense that had the Czech shaking his head, and he was soon down 2-0. However he regained his composure, using excellent serve placement and his booming forehand to hold his next service game to love. In his attempt to attack the Lendl backhand, Chang committed too many errors and was broken in his next game, leveling the score at 2-2. Both men then held their respective service games till the 10th game, where Lendl displayed some excellent shot-making, breaking Chang and winning the set 6-4 with a spectacular backhand passing shot.
The match had been going on for almost 2 hours now, but neither man showed any sign of exhaustion. Chang began the third set aggressively, employing his forehand to attack Lendl's backhand. The errors began to creep into Lendl's game, and he was soon broken in the seventh game. Chang's defense continued to fluster Lendl, causing the world number 1 to hit more errant shots. It was to no one's surprise that Chang took the third set 6-3, as he played a very clean game. He in fact committed only 6 unforced errors to Lendl's 19, a testament to his defensive prowess and ability to frustrate his opponent.
Lendl appeared exasperated at the start of the fourth set, but was still able to produce some sublime forehand winners. His body language gave away his inner turmoil however, as he sighed, gestured and spoke loudly to himself after losing any point. This was mostly due to Chang's impenetrable defense, which was a recurring theme at this point. Lendl relentlessly attacked Chang's backhand with his inside-out forehand shot, but the American would not budge. This culminated with Lendl netting a crucial backhand that gave Chang the break in the sixth game, giving him a 4-2 lead.
A controversial call during the next service game seemed to affect the outcome of the match. At deuce a ball was called out and the umpire confirmed the call as he could not see the mark and so had to defer to the linesperson. Lendl was furious about this and voiced his opinion a little too colorfully, hence the umpire was forced to penalize him. The point penalty gave Chang the game and a 5-2 lead. Chang then seemed to sense Lendl's frustration, and he resorted to “moon balling” all his shots in the following game. This obviously irritated Lendl, forcing him to commit more errors in an attempt to hit Chang off the court. He was soon broken, and Chang won the set 6-3.
The final set would go down in history as one that exemplified the true meaning of grit and determination. Chang broke Lendl in his opening game, but began to develop cramps in his legs during the second game. He held to go up 2-0, but was exhibiting limited movement around the court. Lendl took full advantage of this and soon broke back, dictating play and forcing Chang to move around the court. Chang had to resort to frequent hydration between points, as well as eating bananas and not sitting during changeovers in order to avoid aggravating his condition.
Despite his obvious discomfort, Chang displayed a physical and mental toughness that belied his age and experience. He made frequent forays to the net, in order to shorten the points. He resorted to moon balling almost every shot, and even tricked Lendl with an underhand serve that drew laughter from the crowd. He relied on upper body strength, hitting a lot of winners that seemed to materialize out of nowhere. He was able to break Lendl, who at this point was at his wit's end, and take a 4-3 lead.
Lendl's frustration got the best of him as he fired off a number of errors, giving Chang the easy hold. Momentum was on the American's side as he hit two beautiful backhand winners up the line to go up 30-0 on Lendl's serve. A third backhand winner gave him two match points, as Lendl could only shrug his shoulders. Chang's grunts increased in intensity with every ball he hit, and the crowd was fully on his side at this point. Facing match point and on a second serve, Chang stood really close to the service line – perhaps this moment even gave Roger Federer inspiration for his SABR (Sneak Attack By Roger). This drew more laughter from the crowd as Lendl could only look on in despair, before committing a double fault and giving the American the match. Chang had overcome the odds, adversity and pretty much everything else to defeat the three-time former champion 4–6, 4–6, 6–3, 6–3, 6–3 in 4 hours and 37 minutes.
Upon completion of the match, Chang sank to his knees and broke down in tears. He then left Court Central to a rapturous standing ovation; his never-say-die attitude had won the hearts of the Parisian crowd. The occasion had even more meaning because the match had been played on June 5, 1989, during the height of the Tiananmen Square Massacre in Beijing.
“A lot of people forget that Tiananmen Square was going on.” Chang recalled in a 2009 interview. “The crackdown that happened was on the middle Sunday at the French Open, so if I was not practicing or playing a match, I was glued to the television, watching the events unfold…I often tell people I think it was God's purpose for me to be able to win the French Open the way it was won because I was able to put a smile on Chinese people's faces around the world at a time when there wasn't much to smile about.”
Chang would then go on to defeat Stefan Edberg seven days later in the final, 6-1 3-6 4-6 6-4 6-4, to become the youngest men's champion in Grand Slam history at 17 years and 4 months of age – a record that remains to this day. That year's French Open would prove to be his sole Major title, but the match against Lendl was undoubtedly one of the defining moments of his career.
For complete coverage of the upcoming French Open, be sure to follow us here on www.tennis-pulse.com.
By: Evan Jankens
This story is straight out of the movie “Tommy Boy” — but could it be real? It appears not.
Remember the scene when Chris Farley and David Spade were rolling around in the car with what they thought was a dead deer in the back seat and it woke up and attacked the two?
That same kind of event took the Internet by storm — but this time it was allegedly for real — in San Diego, Calif.
A man who needed to blow into a Breathalyzer to start his car was too drunk to do so, according to a report. What he did next is almost unbelievable. According to what appeared to be a police report posted on Imgur, this guy somehow found a raccoon going through the garbage, captured it and then used the raccoon to blow into the Breathalyzer.
According to the report that was shared on Imgur, the raccoon became unconscious so the man left the raccoon in the car and drove off. A short time after, the raccoon woke up and started to attack the driver.
I'm not one to judge, but generally when you have a Breathalyzer on your steering wheel it's there because you haven't made the best decisions in the past. And this, I have to believe, would have been this man's rock bottom. It would also have been the raccoon's.
It's a fun tale, but the San Diego Union-Tribune says it didn't happen despite the Internet hype. “I called police records, and while they were highly entertained, they confirmed (the story) is absolutely a hoax,” said 1st. Lt. Savannah Frank, a public affairs officer at Camp Pendleton, per the Union-Tribune.
The precious raccoon story may not be legit as the image is from Imgur and was just reported by CBS but I WANT TO BELIEVE. — Shannon R (@Hokuboku) September 30, 2015
We do to, too, Shannon, we do, too.
A SeaWorld trainer tosses a fish to a killer whale during the first show after a trainer was killed by an orca at the theme park three days earlier in Orlando, Fla., Saturday, Feb. 27, 2010. More than 2,000 people watched killer whales perform Saturday at SeaWorld for the first time since one of the orcas dragged a trainer to her death underwater in front of horrified spectators. (AP Photo/Phelan M. Ebenhack, Pool)
By Carlyn Kolker
Oct 29 (Reuters) - A killer whale, the lawyer-son of a Supreme Court justice and the grisly death of wildlife trainer will play roles in a U.S. appeals court case next month that could forever change marine park operator SeaWorld's marquee entertainment.
The signature attraction for the company's three U.S. theme parks has been shows featuring the black-and-white killer whales or orcas, including several named Shamu, performing flips and other stunts under the direction of trainers who historically have been in close contact with them.
But that changed after the February 2010 death of Dawn Brancheau, a 40-year-old trainer. She drowned after being pulled into a pool by Tilikum, a 12,000-pound bull orca, at SeaWorld's site in Orlando, Florida.
In August 2010, the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) fined SeaWorld $75,000 for three safety violations, saying it had exposed its trainers to a hazardous environment and violated a part of the Occupational Safety and Health Act known as the general duty clause.
OSHA, a part of the Labor Department, demanded SeaWorld make certain changes, notably, physically separating the killer whale trainers from the orcas during show performances.
SeaWorld is appealing the broad application of a federal safety law meant to protect workers in unusual circumstances. The case will come before a three-judge panel of the U.S Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit on Nov. 12.
With animal rights activists watching, Eugene Scalia, son of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, will represent SeaWorld in its fight against a federal order that sharply criticized the marine park operator's safety measures.
Ken Welsch, an administrative law judge of the Occupational Safety and Health Review Commission, in 2012 upheld the OSHA citations but downgraded one of them to "serious" from "willful," effectively reducing the fine to $12,000 from $75,000.
In appealing Welsch's decision, SeaWorld argued OSHA's fine was premised on an overly broad view and "novel application" of the general duty clause, which mandates that employers keep their workplaces free from "recognized" hazards. In a 60-page opening appellate brief, SeaWorld called the case "fundamentally misguided."
"The clause cannot be used to force a company to change the very product that it offers the public, and the business it is in," SeaWorld wrote. "The clause is no more an instrument for supervising the interactions between whales and humans at SeaWorld, than it is a charter to prohibit blocking and tackling in the NFL or to post speed limits on the NASCAR circuit."
BLACKSTONE FLOATED SEAWORLD
SeaWorld Orlando is owned by SeaWorld Entertainment , which was taken public in April by private equity firm Blackstone Group LP. SeaWorld shares closed up 1.1 percent on Monday at $30.33 each in mildly bullish trading.
SeaWorld has brought in a high-powered team from law firm Gibson Dunn & Crutcher to press its appeal. The team includes Scalia, formerly the Labor Department's top lawyer. He is joined by Baruch Fellner, also a former Labor Department lawyer, who founded Gibson Dunn's OSHA practice.
The general duty clause is OSHA's "catch-all" clause that it wields against companies in situations where there is not necessarily a dominant, clearly articulated safety standard, said Melissa Bailey, an attorney at Ogletree, Deakins, Nash, Smoak & Stewart who represents employers in OSHA cases.
The cases can be difficult to pursue because OSHA must show what is a "recognized" hazard when there are not clear industry standards, she said.
"In cases like the SeaWorld case, that's a unique animal - no pun intended," said Bailey.
ORCAS AND PEOPLE
The penalties OSHA can bring are relatively small, but a key issue is at stake for SeaWorld - whether its performances can include killer whales and humans in close contact.
"OSHA penalties are not that great," said Bailey, comparing them to fines that other agencies can levy. "But it's rarely the fine that drives the litigation. It's often the abatement cost, and having this on your record."
SeaWorld trainers have not been in the water with an orca since the drowning, said SeaWorld spokesman Fred Jacobs.
SeaWorld's primary concern in the litigation is the long-term effect that OSHA's requirement of separation of humans and killer whales could have on the shows. In court papers SeaWorld called their interaction "integral to its mission."
"We want to continue to display these animals in a way that assures their health and well-being and is safe for our zoological staff," Jacobs said in an email. He declined to comment further, citing the pending litigation.
Human-orca interaction has long been filled with controversy, revisited earlier this year with the release of the movie "Blackfish" about Brancheau's death and Tilikum's 30-year career as an entertainer and stud for other captive whales. SeaWorld has criticized the film as "inaccurate and misleading."
The Labor Department says SeaWorld knew that close human-orca contact was dangerous - Tilikum has been involved in other human deaths - and it routinely took steps to minimize hazards.
"The Secretary (of Labor) did not overreach in applying the general duty clause to SeaWorld in this case because the clause is meant to address unusual hazards for which there are no promulgated standards, just like the hazard present here," the Labor Department wrote in a brief.
Two animal-rights groups - People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals and the Animal Legal Defense Fund - have weighed in with an amicus brief to support the Labor Department. The groups, strong critics of SeaWorld in the past, wrote in the brief that prolonged captivity has forced the orcas to behave aggressively.
The case is SeaWorld of Florida v. Thomas E. Perez, No. 12-1375, U.S Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit.
For U.S. Department of Labor: M. Patricia Smith, Joseph Woodward, Charles James, Kristen Lindberg and Amy Tryon.
On the eve of a key U.S. deadline for a diesel emissions fix, Volkswagen has reportedly agreed to pay all American owners of afflicted TDI models $5,000 each.
The deal, reported by Germany's Die Welt newspaper, would allow the automaker to avoid going to trial this summer, according to Automotive News.
Volkswagen was facing an April 21 deadline to outline a comprehensive fix for the 580,000 U.S. diesel models equipped with “defeat devices” designed to sidestep emissions regulations. The deadline was set in March by a U.S. District Court judge.
Any fix would have to satisfy the Environmental Protection Agency and California Air Resources Board, either by fixing the vehicles, buying them back, offsetting their pollution, or a combination of tactics.
The EPA hasn't commented on the supposed deal, which would cost $2.9 billion for the customer payouts alone. Last month, the automaker was said to be in talks to create two large environmental remediation funds designed to offset emissions from its diesel vehicles.
The news of a payout follows a Reuters report that Volkswagen is planning to increase the amount of cash set aside to deal with the financial fallout of the scandal. Already, the automaker has 6.7 billion euros ($7.6 billion) in its emergency fund, but the latest move would push the pile well into the double-digit billions.
Analysts have estimated that Volkswagen's tally of costs could hit 30 billion euros ($33.9 billion), and predict that Volkswagen's fourth-quarter earnings from 2015 (due to be released on April 28) could see a 70 percent drop.
The Reuters report also stated that Volkswagen was resisting efforts from U.S. consumers (serving as plaintiffs) to settle the matter in court, instead hoping to reach a deal with regulators.
The Twins front office is among the worst in baseball, according to Sporting News. The publication recently ranked the Twins' braintrust No. 28 out of 30 teams. Only the Los Angeles Angels (No. 29) and Cincinnati (No. 30) were worse.
The Twins front office is led by owner Jim Pohlad, but day-to-day operations fall to president Dave St. Peter and executive vice president/general manager Terry Ryan.
In the past, these rankings were focused on general managers alone, but Sporting News is convinced that “More and more, baseball operations departments are becoming a team effort, with someone in the corporate hierarchy above the GM.”
Here is why the publication believes the Twins' leaderships is the third-worst in Major League Baseball:
This is what happens when you believe in your win-loss record instead of paying attention to the underlying numbers when you go about trying to build for the following season. It's also what happens when you commit dollars and term to Phil Hughes, Ricky Nolasco and Ervin Santana with expectations that they will be staff leaders.
Meanwhile, the products of a once-ballyhooed farm system have largely failed to deliver, casting player development into question. Fun times.
The Twins' 20-43 record is the worst in the American League and second-worst in both leagues. They won just their 20th game Monday night against the Angels and are 15 games behind first-place Cleveland in the Central Division.
The Twins pitching staff continues to underperform and the highly touted young talent (Byron Buxton, Miguel Sano, Eddie Rosario, Jose Berrios) have struggled to produce at the highest level.
The report said the principle behind these rankings is “To figure out who's doing the best job, who's got plans that make sense, who's executing those plans. What was very clear in compiling this list is that major league teams are being run by smart people, and often what sets them apart from each other is simply whether or not fortune smiles upon them and allows the breaks to go their way.”
Fortune has not smiled on the Twins this season. However, results aren't the only factor that determined where teams were ranked. The MLB-worst Atlanta Braves have the 12th-best front office, according to Sporting News. The Chicago Cubs, led by Theo Epstein, are No. 1. San Francisco, Texas, Boston and St. Louis round out the top five.
The two-day celebration of extreme metal and craft beer returns with early-bird tickets!
On Saturday and Sunday, March 31-April 1, 2018, North America's only monthly metal magazine is bringing the loudest, heaviest two-day craft beer festival in the world back to The Fillmore Philadelphia.
Still—ahem—buzzing from the runaway success of last April's inaugural Metal & Beer Fest, we've raised the decibels and the ABVs for round two. Featuring 14 of the best metal bands from around the world and 19 craft breweries from across the U.S., Decibel Metal & Beer Fest—the ultimate celebration of the most metal craft beer in North America—brings that brotherhood to life.
Only the most metal breweries have been selected to be part of the second annual Decibel Metal & Beer Fest, with six flagship breweries: Three Floyds (IN), TRVE (CO), Hammerheart (MN), Burial (NC), Hoof Hearted (OH), Burnt Hickory (GA), as well as 13 new additions: Weyerbacher (PA), Yards Brewing (PA), Adroit Theory (VA), Oliver Brewing (MD), DC Brau (DC), Phantom Carriage (CA), Societe (CA), Wayfinder (OR), Jester King (TX), Broken Goblet (PA), Brash Brewing (TX), Strangeways (VA) and Local Option (IL). Not only will their beer be poured at the fest, the metalhead brewers that own and work at these breweries will be there to enjoy the music, pour festival-exclusive samples and engage festival attendees about their exotic brews.
Decibel is honored by the support we've received from the craft beer pioneers at Weyerbacher Brewing and Yards Brewing Co. Given the Festival's Philadelphia location and Decibel's bloody Pennsylvania roots, expect a steady weekend flow of suds and brotherly love.
Early-bird “Metal & Beer” ticket options—which include a ticket to the show and access to pours from all attending breweries—are now on sale at $10 off the regular “Metal and Beer” ticket price. This offer runs through October 2, when the full band lineup for Decibel Metal & Beer Fest is revealed. Get your pre-game on now and save some cash!
There's no denying that the inaugural Decibel Metal & Beer Fest—the first-ever part metal fest, part craft beer fest—was a groundbreaking event. But on March 31 & April 1, 2018, we're coming back for another round. Bottoms up! Go to decibelmagazine.com for tickets and info.
Hails to our partners!
Relapse Records relapse.com
Dark Descent darkdescentrecords.com
20 Buck Spin 20buckspin.com
Profound Lore profoundlorerecords.com
Indie Merch indiemerchstore.com
Weyerbacher Brewing Co. www.weyerbacher.com
0 Controversial Facebook post costs Marion man position on county board
MARION COUNTY, Fla. - A controversial post on Facebook cost a volunteer his seat on a Marion County advisory board.
Marcel "Butch" Verrando came under fire for posting a message on the Marion County Political Forum Facebook page.
In the post, Verrando wrote, "The only time a black guy applied for work, it was because they were on probation and had to have a real job."
After learning about the post, Marion County commissioners removed him from the Industrial Development Authority Board.
"We don't condone it as a commission, we don't allow our staff to talk that way, and we're not going to have it," commission chair Stan McClain said.
Verrando was a volunteer on the board and not a county employee.
Channel 9's Myrt Price asked McClain about Verrando's right to free speech.
"If he is not representing us on our board, then he has a right to free speech, and we would support that. But as a member of our advisory, these remarks he made were unacceptable," McClain said.
Price learned it's not the first time that Verrando's choice of words have gotten him in trouble with the community.
Last year Verrando allegedly said a U. S. military veteran who has post-traumatic stress disorder, saying the man's service as a military firefighter was not as worthy of recognition as those in combat.
Following that comment, he resigned from the Fire Advisory Board.
Price was told that after looking at Verrando's latest comment and previous comments, they felt they had no choice but to remove him from the board.
President Trump on Saturday hailed the defeat of ISIS in Raqqa as a “critical breakthrough” and credited his administration with making the victory happen. The president's comments came after U.S.-backed forces said Friday they had fully liberated Raqqa, the former self-proclaimed capital of ISIS in Syria. Coalition forces had been battling to retake the city from ISIS since June. “With the liberation of ISIS's capital and the vast majority of its territory, the end of the ISIS caliphate is in sight,” Trump said in a statement released Saturday. “One of my core campaign promises to the American people was to defeat ISIS and to counter the spread of hateful ideology,” he said. Trump went on to say, “ISIS strongholds in Mosul and Raqqa” have been liberated “as a result” of orders he gave to U.S. commanders during his first days in office. “We have made, alongside our coalition partners, more progress against these evil terrorists in the past several months than in the past several years,” he said. On Friday, former Defense Secretary Ash Carter told CNN the plan to retake Raqqa from ISIS was actually laid out two years ago, “and has been executed pretty much in the manner and the schedule that was foreseen then.”
Fermentation sciences. Appalachian State University in North Carolina offers a degree in fermentation sciences, which, among other things, examines how beer and wine are made.
OMAHA, NE - Two Michigan cities placed in the top 5 cities for beer lovers.
In a study conducted by Infogroup, Grand Rapids (3rd) and Detroit (5th) ranked in the top 10 cities for beer lovers.
To determine the top U.S. cities for both beer and wine lovers, Infogroup used its verified business database of more than 15 million records to identify which metro areas are home to the most beer retailers and breweries (including craft and microbreweries), as well as which metro areas boast the most wine retailers and wineries.
Once these factors were compiled, Metropolitan Statistical Areas (MSAs) with a population of one million or more were ranked by their concentration of beer- or wine-related businesses per 10,000 residents.
Portland, Oregon was named the best city, followed by Denver, Colorado.
"Through data analysis we are able to highlight cities where industry penetration of beer and wine plays a major role in the social and cultural aspects of consumer's lives," said Matt Graves, chief data officer at Infogroup. "This analysis provides the best foundation for marketers and business owners looking to begin a career or start a business in the beer or wine industries. Knowing where demand is greater and how it impacts consumers allows them to start a business under thriving conditions."
TOP 10 BEER CITIES:
Portland, Ore. Denver Grand Rapids Seattle Detroit Raleigh, N.C. San Diego Cincinnati Milwaukee Pittsburgh
Copyright 2016 by WDIV ClickOnDetroit - All rights reserved.
As part of the ongoing political reconciliation in Balochistan, more than 300 suspected militants laid down arms before the government and security forces on Saturday.
The militants, who reportedly belonged to various banned groups, surrendered before Balochistan Chief Minister Nawab Sanaullah Zehri and Commander Southern Command Lt Gen Asim Saleem Bajwa during a ceremony held at the Balochistan Assembly hall.
Home Minister Sarfaraz Bugti and other high-level officials were also present on the occasion.
The suspected militants, including 17 commanders, vowed to work for the peace and development of the country while laying down arms.
Waving Pakistani flags during the ceremony, the men said they had been misled by some elements to serve their personal agendas at the cost of poor people.
Appreciating their overtures for peace, Chief Minister Zehri said the reconciliation process will continue despite all odds.
"We welcome you all," he told the crowd.
Zehri said the country has a "big heart" to accept those whose hands were coloured with the blood of innocent people.
"Now it is your turn to struggle for stability and development of the country," he said.
The fighters who gave up their weapons were involved in subversive activities for more than a decade in various parts of Balochistan, security officials who declined to be named told DawnNews.
"Some elements were threatening us not to surrender," Dur Muhammad, a former militant from Naseerabad said. Another militant commander from Harnai also shared the same information.
The Balochistan reconciliation process was launched by former chief minister Dr Abdul Malik Baloch a few years ago. So far, 1800 Ferraris have surrendered since the process was initiated, Balochistan government spokesperson Anwarul Haq Kakar told DawnNews.
The largest province of the country by area, Balochistan is home to a low-level insurgency by ethnic Baloch separatists. Militants linked to domestic and foreign terrorist groups also operate in the region.
The province shares borders with Afghanistan and Iran.
Find An Event Create Your Event Help The Fifth Element (1997) & Cowboy Bebop: The Movie (2001)(double feature) New Beverly Cinema
Los Angeles, CA Share this event: Get Tickets There are no active dates for this event. Online sales have ended, but tickets can still be purchased at the door. The box office opens approximately 15 minutes before the first film. We accept cash only at the box office. Not Available
Event The Fifth Element (1997) & Cowboy Bebop: The Movie (2001)(double feature) Sunday and Monday, Jan. 8-9, 2012:
THE FIFTH ELEMENT
1997, France, 126 minutes, 35mm, Sony Pictures Repertory
Directed by Luc Besson
Starring Bruce Willis, Milla Jovovich, Gary Oldman,
Ian Holm, Chris Tucker, Luke Perry, Brion James,
John Neville
Sun: 7:00 pm only; Mon: 7:30 pm
PLUS, on the same double feature:
COWBOY BEBOP: THE MOVIE
2001, Japan/USA, 116 minutes, 35mm, Sony Pictures Repertory
Directed by Shinichiro Watanabe
Featuring the voices of Steven Blum, Beau Billingslea, Wendee Lee, Melissa Fahn, Jennifer Hale
Sun: 4:40 & 9:25 pm; Mon: 9:55 pm
************************************************************
This is a double feature:
your ticket admits you to BOTH films!
On Sunday, Jan. 8, there is only one screening of THE FIFTH ELEMENT and two screenings of COWBOY BEBOP. Therefore, if you'd like to see the full double feature, you have the option of seeing COWBOY BEBOP first at 4:40 pm and then THE FIFTH ELEMENT at 7 pm, or you can see THE FIFTH ELEMENT first at 7 pm and then COWBOY BEBOP second at 9:25 pm.
The box office opens approx. 15 minutes before the first film and then re-opens shortly before the second film for those who wish to only see the second film.
If you wish to only see the second film and purchased ticket(s) through Brown Paper Tickets, you will be able to claim your ticket(s) to the second film about 10 minutes before the second film starts.
Location New Beverly Cinema (View)
7165 W. Beverly Blvd.
Los Angeles, CA 90036
United States 7165 W. Beverly Blvd.Los Angeles, CA 90036United States
Categories Film > Movies Contact Email:
support@brownpapertickets.com
Image caption Professor Wolf believes the status of vocational education has been downgraded
Hundreds of thousands of young people are doing vocational courses which do not lead to university or a job, a report says.
A review commissioned by ministers recommends a radical shake-up of vocational education in England.
It says all pupils should study a core of academic subjects until they are 16.
And it calls for changes to the school league tables so some vocational qualifications are not counted.
At the moment, some qualifications count for the equivalent of four GCSEs.
The report says this, coupled with the funding arrangements, provide "perverse incentives" for students to be steered in to notching up strings of qualifications which may not help them in to work or higher education.
And this is at a time when young people are facing a very difficult labour market, it says.
The review has been carried out by Professor Alison Wolf, an expert in education and skills.
'Low-level courses'
We've got more than half our 15-16 year olds failing to get get good maths and good English at GCSE the first time round and two years later it's no better Professor Alison Wolf, Author of review
Her report says: "The staple offer for between a quarter and a third of the post-16 cohort is a diet of low-level vocational qualifications, most of which have little to no labour market value.
"Among 16 to 19 year olds, the review estimates that at least 350,000 get little to no benefit from the post-16 education system."
Her report says the current funding system encourages colleges to put students through a lot of qualifications - but not to continue to improve their core skills in English and maths if these are lacking.
It calls for changes to the system of funding and regulation, longer-term work placements for older pupils and greater involvement of business and industry.
At the same time, schools should no longer have a duty to provide work-related learning, including work experience, to all pupils over 14.
Prof Wolf says funding for pupils aged between 16 and 19 should be per student - not per qualification - as it is at the moment.
She believes children should study mainly academic subjects until they are 16 and that if they do not get a good GCSE in English and maths by that age, they should be made to continue with those subjects.
"We've got more than half our 15-16 year olds failing to get good maths and good English at GCSE the first time round and two years later it's no better," Prof Wolf told the BBC.
Until 16, she says, pupils should spend 80% of their time on core subjects.
'Little hope'
Education Secretary Michael Gove said the government would reform the system: "The system that we have inherited is very damaging. It is unfair for children and it is harming the economy.
"Millions of children have been misled into pursuing courses which offer little hope."
He said high-quality vocational courses were "immensely valuable", giving access to "great education and great jobs", and should be available to all children.
"We will reform league tables, the funding system, and regulation to give children honest information and access to the right courses," he said.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Watch: Lord Baker: "Britain desperately needs good practical technical vocational education"
The Wolf report calls for more high-quality apprenticeships for young people aged from 16 to 18.
Employers should be part-subsidised to offer such apprenticeships, Prof Wolf believes, if they offer wider training.
The report also says it should be made easier for teachers from further education colleges to teach in schools and that colleges should be allowed to take pupils from the age of 14.
We welcome the moves to improve collaboration between schools, FE and employers Pearson
The government is already planning to open new University Technical Colleges, where pupils could go from the age of 14 to do work-based training and core academic lessons in English and maths.
Vocational qualifications taken in schools and colleges include Btecs, City and Guilds and OCR Nationals, and cover subjects ranging from IT and construction skills, to dance, hospitality and catering.
Value
The bodies which provide them say they are keen to work with the government to implement the findings of the review.
A spokeswoman for Pearson, which provides the Btec qualification, said: "We were clear in our submission to Professor Wolf that we believe that any qualifications a young person takes must help them to progress in their lives.
"Research indicates that the value of our qualifications, like the Btec, is very strong in this respect.
"We welcome the moves to improve collaboration between schools, FE and employers to enable more learners to experience this."
OCR said it wholeheartedly supported the findings of the Wolf review. A spokeswoman said: "The recommendations safeguard the interests of young people with measures that can support real progression, raise the quality of vocational provision and, crucially, secure core achievements in English and maths".
Martin Doel, the chief executive of the Association of Colleges, said the difficulties facing young people in today's labour market were not a reflection of the quality of vocational education per se, but were related to the state of the economy and "the challenges colleges and others face in picking up the pieces where pupils leave school with few or no qualifications".
He said: "We welcome Professor Wolf's recommendation that colleges can play a leading role in vocational education for students from the age of 14 and the recognition that lecturers in colleges have much expertise to offer young people."
The National Union of Teachers says it is pleased the report recognises that it is essential pupils are not "herded into one type of education or another at far too young an age".
I will admit, I was somewhat leery when I first decided to try this shave stick. But I guess I needed a reminder that inexpensive is not the same thing as cheap.
It's also the first shave stick I've ever tried; I'll admit that I ended up using wayyyy too much the first time I tried. Still, it worked quite well. I was able to easily work up a wonderful lather; nice and thick for the cushioning, and plenty of glides. And it left my face feeling great; the moisturizing properties were quite good.
The scent isn't much to write home about. It frankly mostly smells like soap, with just a hint of something I'd call a “clean” scent. And it's rather weak; essentially undetectable once lathered up, although the shave stick itself can be smelled at a bit of a distance.
6/10 Scent Pleasantness
3/10 Scent Strength
8/10 Lather Quality (note: I recently re-vamped my lather quality scale, since I was giving out too many 9's and there was too much variation within that score. This one has been bumped down to an 8 as a result.)
It appears to be most commonly available in Europe. Apparently it's readily available for as low as 49p in Great Britain; in North America the lowest I was able to find it for is $3.75, but of course, that's still fairly inexpensive compared to most brands out there.
Now, while I said above that I was pleasantly surprised, that doesn't really mean that I like it per se. After all, anyone who follows my reviews knows that I consider the scent of a soap to be an integral part of the shaving experience. It completely falls flat on that front, and I can't really justify giving it overall any more than a 5/10 as a result.
But… if you're not like me, and if you don't care what it smells like, then I could definitely recommend this soap, especially if you're looking to keep your costs down. It performs quite well for the price.
Ingredients: Potassium Stearate, Sodium Stearate, Potassium Tallowate, Potassium Cocoate, Aqua, Sodium Tallowate, Sodium Cocoate, Glycerin, Parfum, Olea Europaea Oil, Elaeis Guineensis Oil, Potassium Hydroxide, BHT, Tetrasodium EDTA, Tetrasodium Etidronate, Sodium Hydroxide, Butylphenyl Methylpropional, Citronellol, Eugenol, Hydroxyisohexyl 3-Cyclohexene Carboxaldehyde, Limonene, Linalool, Cl 11680, Cl 74260, Cl 12490, Cl 77891.
There is a (relatively) new blog from scientists involved in a big research program (DYNAMO) looking into the Madden-Julian Oscillation (MJO). Called Madden-Julian Conversations, it is run by Adam Sobel and Daehyun Kim (Columbia), Zhiming Kuang (Harvard) and Eric Maloney (Colorado State).
A schematic of the MJO from cmmap.org
The MJO can be seen in eastward propagating systems of rainfall and deep convection near the equator and influencing the Indian monsoon and El Niño dynamics. Each MJO cycle takes around 30-60 days, so these events can be seen in high frequency diagnostics of cloud cover, LW radiation, rainfall etc. The blog goes into a little more detail of what the MJO is (part i, and parts ii, iii, iv and v), (note that is sometimes referred to as the Intra-seasonal Oscillation or ISO), as well as descriptions of the DYNAMO program and what atmospheric scientists working in the field actually get up to.
(but note that apparently a helmet is not actually required for modelers to launch radiosondes).
This is exactly the kind of thing that should become more common – scientists actually showing the world directly what their research involves and the process that we follow to find stuff out. This will make a great backdrop to the rather dryer contributions to the technical literature that will come from this.
During the eight years of war between Iran and Iraq in the 1980s, one Western-made aircraft distinguished itself by performing beyond anyone's wildest imagination....
During the eight years of war between Iran and Iraq in the 1980s, one Western-made aircraft distinguished itself by performing beyond anyone's wildest imagination.
The Grumman F-14 Tomcat, bought by the late Shah of Iran in the mid-1970s, carried the main weight of air-to-air engagements throughout the war.
The Shah had intended for the F-14 to act as a deterrent against Soviet MiG-25 reconnaissance aircraft that regularly intruded in Iran's sovereign airspace, and also as a deterrent against a rising Iraqi air force.
During the war with Iraq, reportedly more than 160 Iraqi jets fell prey to the F-14 and its deadly arsenal of Hughes AIM-54A Phoenix long-range air-to-air missiles.
In my new book Air Combat Memoirs of the Iranian Air Force Pilots, I compile first-hand accounts of some of these engagements. We've reprinted one story here — that of F-14 radar intercept officer Capt. Parviz Moradi.
Departing from 8th [Tactical Fighter Base] Isfahan as Dragon 5 flight piloted by then-major Amir Aslani to perform the day's [combat air patrol] over oil facilities near Kharg Island, we were vectored by ground based radar controllers to sweep the skies in anticipation of enemy intruders.
Most of the time our combat air patrols were done within the distinct shapes of parallel triangles. The base of the triangle was towards our own soil, while the two other arms of the triangle faced the enemy territory. This tactic would give us a better radar sweep and plenty of time to detect incoming enemy aircraft.
Heading 90 degrees back after completing our first turn, Bushehr radar warned us that an enemy jet was right behind us. Going in afterburner, we did a sharp left turn to face the enemy head-on. I started sweeping the sky electronically, scanning the scope in order to locate the enemy jet. Shortly after our left turn, I managed to find an Iraqi jet on my Tactical Information Display. As soon as I locked on him, the sole Iraqi jet turned and ran back to Iraq. This happened one more time.
Since we knew Iraqi SIGINT/ELINT posts were listening in on our conversation with ground radar controllers, I decided to hatch a plot to deceive the next Iraqi fighter. Through the intercom, I told Maj. Aslani of my plan. “Sir, I have a plan. We are going to ignore our radar controllers' warnings and we are going to delay our eventual turn toward the enemy fighter as long as possible in order to draw them further inland. Also, I request to be doing all the talking with radar controllers from now on.”
Maj. Aslani agreed with my plan and gave me the thumbs up. We did our routine turn once again inside the triangle and headed back towards base. As radar controller wasn't in on our plan he started to panic. “Dragon 5, enemy fighter is right behind you. Turn 270 degrees now!” I stayed silent. Seconds passed and once again an anxious radar controller came on to repeat the same warning. “Dragon 5 flight, you're being pursued. Turn 270 degrees now!” We stayed quiet yet again.
These warnings continued. “Dragon 5 flight, can you read me? Enemy jet right behind you. Danger close. Turn 270 degrees right now!”
The radar controller's warnings were also helpful. His continuous warnings gave us the possible location of this specific intruder that by now had come far inland in the hopes of hunting us. Moments later while maintaining our radio silence, I mic'd to Maj. Aslani. “Now!” And he immediately went to afterburner, turned towards the enemy jet and started an aerial duel. Even though, I now could see the Iraqi jet, I declared on radio so all sides could hear it. “I can't see the bandit. Where is it?”
The radar officer gave me the latest radar data. I once again said, “I still can't see him!” And now a panicked ground radar controller begged us to just run away.
My plan worked. Apparently the Iraqi side thinking we really couldn't see him came closer and was now in our trap. He must have thought we had a radar malfunction or were complete idiots. But it was too late. I had been able to run [track while scan radar mode] on him. He had no chance. I did a quick radar lock and my pilot Maj. Aslani launched it. At the same time, ground radar was screaming at us to disengage and run back.
Our missile hit the Iraqi fighter head on as I shouted in the radio. “Enemy target destroyed. Long live Iran!” There was dead silence on the radio for a minute then we could hear the ground radar controllers breaking in cheers and clapping, which meant they were confirming our kill as well. It was crazy.
Just as Melbourne sets for launch on its annual White Night festival this weekend, Sydney have boldly announced what appears to be a last-minute counter-festival in an attempt to take the wind out of Melbourne's sails.
NSW Premier, Mike ‘Fun Police‘ Baird said the new festival will be happening at exactly the same time as tomorrow's White Night event and although it won't have the artistic and cultural scope that the Melbourne event has, the premier maintains that ‘there is still a whole lot of fun things to cater for everyone.'
With the lockout laws controversy in full swing, some commentators have suggested that there is actually no festival and that an angry Baird government are taking it a step further by simply switching all the lights off as punishment.
When questioned further around why no programme has been released, and not a shred of marketing has been seen, Baird was vague and evasive and responded:
“Back in my day, we used to make our own fun. It's lights out at 9:30pm. No ifs or buts.”
WATERLOO — Researchers at a new automotive lab at the University of Waterloo believe their work today will help to design the cars of tomorrow.
The new $10-million Green and Intelligent Automotive (GAIA) Research Facility officially opened Wednesday in completely renovated space in the Engineering 3 building.
It's the latest addition to the Waterloo Centre for Automotive Research, or WatCAR, touted as the largest university-based automotive research centre in Canada.
The new facility will support the work of eight professors in four departments and more than 100 researchers.
"In GAIA, we will develop the next generation of hybrid and electric vehicles, powered by new batteries and fuel-efficient engines, connected to the Internet and to each other to create a smarter and safer ride with little or no emissions," said John McPhee, a systems design engineering professor and head of the GAIA facility.
Gaia is the name for the ancient Greek goddess of the Earth.
The 4,000-square foot facility has three integrated test labs, or cells. In a battery test lab, new batteries that hold a charge much longer and power electronics that allow electric vehicles to transfer energy back to the electrical grid will be studied.
A powertrain test cell will study new computer algorithms that control power flow in a hybrid vehicle, using less fuel and producing fewer emissions, McPhee said.
And full vehicles can be tested on a rolling dynamometer to simulate real-world driving while researchers examine such things as new driver assistance and fully autonomous systems.
At Wednesday's opening, a plug-in hybrid Toyota Prius was on display, outfitted with four vehicle measurement systems, each with 15 different sensors and measuring devices.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Eyewitness tells the BBC: "Families were screaming for their kids"
Thirteen people died and dozens were injured when a van ploughed into crowds in Barcelona's famous Las Ramblas area, Catalan police and local officials say.
The rented vehicle sped along the pedestrian area that is popular with tourists, mowing down people and sending others fleeing for cover.
Spain's Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy said it was a "jihadist attack".
Two people have been arrested, but police say neither was the driver, who fled on foot.
Early on Friday morning, Catalan police said an operation was taking place in town of Cambrils, to the south-west of Barcelona, in response to a "possible terrorist attack" and have told people there to stay indoors.
The authorities also say an explosion on Wednesday evening at a house outside Barcelona that left one person dead was connected to the Las Ramblas attack.
Dozens of gas cylinders were found at the house in the town of Alcanar, about 100km (60 miles) south west of Barcelona, and Reuters quoted a police source as saying residents were preparing explosives.
In another incident, police shot dead a man who drove into officers at a checkpoint on the outskirts of Barcelona, but the authorities said there was no evidence that he was connected to the attack in Las Ramblas.
Police have released a photo of a man named as Driss Oukabir, whose documents were used to rent the van involved in the attack.
Local media say he is in his 20s, and was born in Morocco. However, the latest reports suggest he has told police he was not involved, and that his documents were stolen.
Image copyright Spanish National Police/ HANDOUT Image caption Police released this photo of Driss Oukabir, whose documents were used to rent the van
So-called Islamic State has said it was behind the van attack in Las Ramblas, saying in a brief statement carried by its Amaq news agency that it was carried out by "Islamic State soldiers". The group gave no further evidence or details to back this claim.
The attack happened at the height of the season in one of Europe's top tourist destinations.
Witnesses said the van deliberately targeted people, weaving from side to side as it drove down the boulevard.
Vehicles have been used to ram into crowds in a series of attacks across Europe since July last year.
Analysis: A worrying trend
Gordon Corera, BBC News security correspondent
Barcelona is just the latest European city to witness the terrible effects of a vehicle attack on an iconic or "soft" target.
In Nice a year ago, Bastille Day celebrations were targeted, then a Christmas market in Berlin. In London, Westminster and London Bridge, as well as Finsbury Park, saw cars and vans used as weapons.
In the UK, new barriers have been put in place to mitigate some of the risks at key locations and there is discussion of imposing checks on those renting vans, but security services in Britain - as well as across Europe - are all too aware that there are limits to what they can do to spot and stop those planning murder in this way.
The weapons employed are readily available and there is little or no training, co-ordination or planning required. This means there are few points where individuals can be spotted by the intelligence services.
Although so-called Islamic State has released a statement saying what it calls its "soldiers" had carried out the Barcelona attack, it is not yet clear whether there was any direct link to the group or if they were simply inspired by its call to act. The language used often indicates the latter.
Either way, authorities will be bracing themselves for the possibility of further attacks of a similar nature.
What did people see?
A businessman from New Orleans, who was just arriving in a taxi in Las Ramblas, said: "I heard a crowd screaming. It sounded like they were screaming for a movie star.
"I saw the van. It had already been busted on the front. It was weaving left and right, trying to hit people as fast as possible. There were people lying on the ground."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Footage shows police surrounding a white van moments after the attack
Aamer Anwar said he was walking down Las Ramblas, which was "jam-packed" with tourists.
"All of a sudden, I just sort of heard a crashing noise and the whole street just started to run, screaming. I saw a woman right next to me screaming for her kids," he told Sky News.
"Police were very, very quickly there, police officers with guns, batons, everywhere. Then the whole street started getting pushed back.
"Police officers who got there just started screaming at people to move back, move back."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Footage captures people using a shop as an escape route on Las Ramblas
Kevin Kwast, who is on holiday in Barcelona with his family, said: "I was eating with my family in La Boqueria market very near where the crash occurred.
"Hundreds of people started stampeding through the market... we started running with them going outside right into where casualties were already on the ground.
"Police pushed us into a money transfer shop and we've been sheltering there for over an hour."
How have leaders reacted?
Prime Minister Rajoy has travelled to Barcelona and declared three days of national mourning.
"Terrorists are defeated by unity," he said.
Barcelona's mayor, Ada Colau, said the city would hold a minute of silence on Friday at midday.
The United States has offered its assistance to Spain.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson also said consular assistance was being provided to Americans in the city, and urged US nationals to check in with their families.
"Terrorists around the world should know the United States and our allies are resolved to find you and bring you to justice," he told reporters.
UK Prime Minister Theresa May said her thoughts were with the victims, adding that "the UK stands with Spain against terror".
French President Emmanuel Macron said: "We remain united and determined."
Image copyright Reuters
Las Ramblas
Central boulevard that runs 1.2km (0.75 miles) through the centre of Barcelona
Runs from the city's Plaça de Catalunya (Catalonia Square) to the Christopher Columbus monument at the seafront.
Popular with tourists because of its market stalls, bars and restaurants
Barcelona city council restricted traffic flow because of heavy pedestrian use of the street
Europe's deadly vehicle attacks
LAKEWOOD — A 34-year-old woman will likely face four counts of animal cruelty charges for allegedly admitting to drowning four puppies in her toilet tank after her landlord said she couldn't have them, the Pierce County Prosecutor's Office said.
Police were called to the woman's home Monday by her landlord, the prosecutor's office said, saying he found four dead pitbull puppies in a Pedigree dog food bag. The bag also contained a sign that said Puppies $50 OBO.
Once on the scene, police allegedly found the bag containing four wet, dead puppies. The woman's landlord told police that when the woman and her young son moved into the building, she had two adult dogs and six puppies. The landlord — who claimed he allowed the woman to move in because she did not want her young son on the street –said he told the woman to get rid of the dogs because he didn't want that many animals in a unit.
The landlord later allegedly spotted the woman going into the bathroom with the puppies and when she came out she talked to her son.
“If I didn't kill them the animal shelter would anyways,” the mother allegedly told the young boy, court documents state. “Now it's just you and me.”
The woman allegedly admitted to police she drowned four of the puppies in her toilet tank — named Growler, Luky, Loki Jr. and Mamas Boy — and giving two others to friends. She told police she killed them because she was sure if she took them to an animal shelter they would euthanize the pups.
The woman allegedly wrote a statement, saying she did not kill the puppies for “glee or pleasure,” but instead because she thought she had no other choice, and assumed they would be killed at the shelter.
A necropsy is slated to be performed on the puppies and the State may add an aggravated of deliberate cruelty after the necropsy result.
She is slated to make her first appearance in court at 1:30 p.m. Tuesday.
LOS ANGELES -- In his latest column, ESPN's Buster Olney tells us that some rival executives expect the Dodgers and New York Yankees to be the final teams left bidding for Masahiro Tanaka, one of the greatest pitchers ever to come out of Japan. Reports out of Japan suggest the same.
“The Yankees have the greater need, and maybe a little more pressure to sign Tanaka after learning they won't have to pay A-Rod in 2014,” Olney writes. “The Dodgers are perceived by some rival officials to be more shameless in their bidding, untethered to market prices shaped by other teams, and more driven by what they want.”
In a way, if you are a Dodgers fan, this isn't any big surprise. In the last year-and-a-half, they've seen their team's new owners make a trade that took on more than $250 million in salary and sign two free agent pitchers for another $200 million-plus.
But, from another angle, it's an absolutely stunning possibility. The Yankees need Tanaka. Badly. The Dodgers just want him. If the Dodgers do end up with the right-hander, who went 24-0 with a 1.27 ERA last year, it would tell us that the Yankees are no longer the Yankees. The Dodgers are now the Yankees. Their stadium just happens to have palm trees running along it instead of a subway line.
Everybody knows what this could mean, right? It used to be the Yankees out-bid teams on what amounted to a whim. In 2000, they claimed Jose Canseco (and $1 million left of his salary) off waivers from the Tampa Bay Rays even though Joe Torre had no plans to play him, simply because they were trying to keep him away from every other team.
The Yankees clearly have built their off-season around acquiring Tanaka, who might not begin the season as their No. 1 starter but -- they hope -- would emerge as their ace. He'd likely begin by pitching behind CC Sabathia, who led the American League in earned runs allowed last season. The next guy in New York's rotation, Hiroki Kuroda, will turn 39 before Opening Day.
One National League GM told ESPNNewYork's Andrew Marchand the Yankees look more like an 80-win team right now than a 90-win team, largely because of their pitching. The GM also believed the Yankees' desperation would lead them to land Tanaka.
And the Dodgers? The last thing they are is desperate, particularly in regard to starting pitching. Even if Tanaka is as good as advertised, he's not the Dodgers' ace. They already have Clayton Kershaw, who has led the majors in ERA the past three seasons. It's just kind of hard to top that.
He'd have stiff competition from Zack Greinke to be considered the Dodgers' second-best starting pitcher. Greinke is sitting on the best ERA (2.63) of his career since his 2009 Cy Young season. If it takes Tanaka a while to adjust to the major leagues, he might not even be their No. 3 starter. Hyun-Jin Ryu had a 3.00 ERA last year and recently told Korean reporters he's reporting early to spring training to get in better shape and avoid a sophomore slump.
If the Dodgers do land Tanaka, they'd have some unhappy campers in Josh Beckett and Chad Billingsley, who would effectively have no rotation spots waiting for them as they work their way back from injuries. It would make some of the team's emerging pitching prospects, Zach Lee, Ross Stripling and Chris Reed, largely irrelevant other than as trade chips. Of course, those are individual players' problems, not Dodgers problems. Tanaka would give the Dodgers the best rotation in the National League, if they don't already have it.
It's just hard to imagine “want” can win the day over “need,” particularly when the Yankees are the ones feeling desperate. If the Dodgers do win the bidding, it'd be hard to find a team around baseball who would feel sorry for the Bronx Bombers.
GENESIS ANNOUNCES NEW GOOGLE ASSISTANT COMPATIBILITIES
Genesis owners can now use the new Genesis app for the Google Assistant to remote start, lock or send a destination to their car via voice commands on Google Home, eligible Android phones or iPhones
Commands can also be sent silently using a smartphone keyboard with the Google Assistant
Experience exclusive demos of the Genesis app for the Google Assistant and other smart features at the WIRED Store in Santa Monica, CA from August 23 – September 4, 2017
FOUNTAIN VALLEY, Calif., Aug. 16, 2017 – Genesis Connected Services is getting a lot more powerful with the introduction of the Genesis app for the Google Assistant today. All Genesis vehicles are equipped with three years of complimentary Genesis Connected Services, which allows connectivity into the car with technology like Remote Start with Climate Control, Destination Search powered by Google®, Remote Door Lock/Unlock and Stolen Vehicle Recovery. The Genesis app for the Google Assistant allows control of various functions of a Genesis vehicle with simple voice commands or smartphone keyboard inputs.
What It Does
This new integration provides owners with the flexibility of sending common remote commands to their Genesis vehicle three different ways:
Voice commands via the Assistant on Google Home
Voice commands via the Google Assistant on eligible Android phones or iPhones
Text commands via the Google Assistant on a smartphone
Owners have the ability to send the following commonly used Genesis Connected Services commands to their vehicle via the Google Assistant:
Sending a destination to the car's navigation system
Remote Start with Climate Control
Remote Lock & Unlock
Remote horn/lights
How It Works
To send commands to Genesis Vehicles via the Google Assistant on Google Home or a smartphone, engineers developed a way to link a customer's Genesis Connected Services Account with the Google Assistant voice activated services. Once a customer has successfully linked his or her account, Remote Service commands can be sent to Genesis vehicles only after the Google Assistant prompts owners for their Connected Services Personal Identification Number (PIN).
Examples of these voice commands to the Google Assistant include asking about the weather and then remote starting the vehicle with climate control:
The image below demonstrates using the Assistant on phones by locating and sending destinations directly to the Genesis navigation system:
If voice commands are not an option in a certain situation, the Genesis app allows owners to send commands via the Google Assistant keyboard on their smartphone. For example, say you are in a crowded concert hall and cannot remember if you locked your car:
All of these features, in addition to the recently launched Genesis Virtual Guide, will be available to demo at the second annual WIRED Store in Santa Monica from August 23 through September 4, 2017. The luxury pop-up, presented by Genesis, offers a chance to experience new product demos blending the smart home with the smart car, and is the exclusive demo site for new smart features of the 2017 Genesis G90 — the Genesis flagship sedan, which focuses on combining human-centered luxury with cutting-edge innovation. For more information on the WIRED Store please visit http://store.wired.com or follow @WIREDInsider.
Contact:
Christine Henley
[email protected]
(714) 965-3547
Genesis Motor America
Genesis Motor America, headquartered in Fountain Valley, Calif., distributes, markets and services Genesis vehicles in the United States. Genesis is a global luxury automotive brand that delivers the highest standards of performance, design and innovation. A total of six new Genesis models will launch by 2021 and will compete with the world's most renowned luxury car brands. All Genesis vehicles sold in the U.S. are covered by an industry-leading warranty with enhanced roadside assistance and concierge services.
For more information on Genesis and its new definition of luxury please visit www.genesis.com
Please visit our media site for the latest news at www.genesisnewsusa.com.
Last Friday night, Zach Cotton was hanging out with some of his friends.
“Our son was trying to practice for his concealer and carry test,” Noal Cotton said. Noal Cotton is Zach's dad.
Zach Cotton was getting ready to take the test in a couple of weeks.
“He and some of his friends were practicing taking their guns apart and cleaning them,” Noal Cotton said.
“As they were putting one of them back together, the gun accidentally discharged,” Cotton said.
The bullet struck Zach in his face.
“The shot went through his cheek and went down through his throat and come out the lower part of his neck,” Noal Cotton said.
Zach was flown to UK Hospital.
“The emotional side is getting to him now," Noal Cotton said.
Zach is well known in his Lawrenceburg Community. He spends his time caring for animals as an Anderson County Animal Control Officer. He also serves as a youth minister at his church.
“God has spoken to him and told him that he was going to be ok. That he was going to get him through. And that he was going to use him as a testimony to help other people,” Noal Cotton said.
Zach's father Noal Cotton says his son's relationship with God is helping him heal.
Zach wasn't able to speak with WKYT physically, but he sent the following message along with his dad to read:
“There is a God out there and he does hear your voices and your prayers and it is your choice to listen to him or not to listen. One way or another, he will get your attention. God did not tell me to build an ark like Noah. He just asked me to be obedient and to tell people about the love of Jesus. And, he wanted me to share the scripture of Romans 16:19. It says, “For your obedience has come I am glad therefore on your behalf. But yet I would have you be wise under that which is good and simple concerning evil and the peace of God shall bruise Satan and your feet shortly. The grace of our lord Jesus Christ be with you, Amen.”
As the Cotton family leans on their faith and one another for support, they are remaining grateful for what they have.
“Such a strong young man as a son and he's been strong for us as we try to care for him," Noal Cotton said.
Noal Cotton says his son has a long road to recovery and will likely spend the next couple of weeks in the hospital. But, he says, he is improving every day.
The Bank of England has been dragged into the mounting controversy over allegations of price fixing in the £3tn-a-day foreign exchange markets after it emerged that a group of traders had told the Bank they were exchanging information about their clients' position.
The latest twist in the unfolding saga – already the subject of investigations by regulators around the world – puts the focus on a meeting between key officials at the central bank and leading foreign exchange dealers in April 2012, when they discussed the way they handled trades ahead of the crucial setting of a benchmark in the prices of major currencies. This benchmark is used to price a wide variety of financial products and is the subject of regulators' attention amid allegations that traders at rival banks were sharing information about their orders from clients to manipulate the price.
The Bank of England has previously released brief details of the April 2012 meeting, but Bloomberg reported that a senior trader who attended the meeting had made notes showing that officials did not believe it was improper to share customer orders.
According to Bloomberg, there had been a 15-minute conversation on currency benchmarks during which traders said they used chatrooms – now banned by many banks – to trade ahead of the volatile period when the benchmarks were set. The notes have been given to the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA), which is among the regulators – including ones in the US, Switzerland and Asia – investigating potential manipulation.
The record of the meeting released by the Bank shows it was chaired by Martin Mallett, its chief currency dealer, and includes an entry entitled "extra item". The record says: "Processes around fixes. There was a brief discussion on extra levels of compliance that many bank trading desks were subject to when managing client risks around the main set-piece benchmark fixings."
The Bank would not provide any additional information about the meeting of its so-called foreign exchange joint standing committee and said it was "continuing to support" the FCA with its investigation.
As the FCA's investigation becomes more detailed, it would be in traders' interests to suggest that the Bank knew about their activities, which they raised at a time when there was increasing scrutiny of the Libor setting process. The latter has since resulted in huge fines for Barclays, UBS, Royal Bank of Scotland, Icap and Rabobank. More Libor fines are expected.
Martin Wheatley, chief executive of the FCA, told MPs on the Treasury select committee at the start of this week that the allegations were "every bit as bad" as those surrounding Libor.
The chairman of that committee, Conservative MP Andrew Tyrie, on Friday said the allegations were "extremely serious" and urged the government to implement regulatory changes recommended by the parliamentary commission on banking standards, which he also chaired, and was set up in the wake of the Libor scandal, which he also chaired.
Tyrie said: "These included making individuals personally responsible for lapses in standards, supported by sanctions. Among the most important were the commission's recommendations that remuneration incentivise good, not poor, behaviour. A fundamental reform of the structure of variable pay – which, for too long, has incentivised people to do the wrong thing – is needed."
In December it was reported that banks had known about the processes around setting the benchmark as long ago as 2009.
The scrutiny of the foreign exchange markets has put a fresh focus on dealers leaving banks. More than 20 traders at banks around the world are said to have been suspended or left roles in connection with the forex investigations.
Graeme King, co-head of foreign exchange spot trading at RBC Capital Markets, was said to have left. The bank said: "We do not comment on employee matters, but any suggestion that this is related to the broader FX regulatory investigations is incorrect."
Barclays has also appointed an interim head of its foreign exchange desk after Chris Ashton was suspended. He is Daniel Ryan, who only joined a year ago and was described as "junior trader" by the Financial Times. Ryan is former head of a foreign exchange trading desk at Citi in Singapore and joined Barclays as a director.
A brilliant iPad that takes the devices into a new realm. We've loved using it, but just make sure you're ready for the larger size and weight.
The iPad Pro review was one that I was really dreading writing – but also one I was the most excited about in a while.
The issue was this: what is the big iPad Pro for? Is it a genuine laptop replacement? Or is it nothing more than a larger tablet from Apple? And now we've got the iPad Pro 9.7, is this tablet too big?
Read more: Första testet: iPad Pro 11 tum (2018)
It depends on what you see a tablet as. For some, it's a device that sits on the sofa with you, and you sometimes idly think about getting a keyboard for it so you could do some writing on the go. For others, it's a laptop that packs a detachable screen for portability.
The former scenario is where iPads (and most Android tablets) sit. The latter is more the domain of Windows devices, where the operating system and hardware collide with varying results.
(Update: iPad Pro is Apple's serious tablet that acts as a laptop replacement. Now updated to iOS 11, we've updated our opinion of the iPad Pro 12.9, and now have full reviews and early looks at the iPad Pro 9.7, iPad Pro 10.5 and the iPad Pro 12.9 (2017) respectively.)
This also isn't the iPad you'll be able to buy any more - that's the new iPad Pro 12.9 (2017), which comes with an improved processor and much better screen technology, while preserving the impressive media capabilities and expansive screen.
Apple doesn't seem to be pushing the iPad Pro 12.9 into any particular market though – it's designed to be a media hub, a decent word processor, a creative design tool, and then anything the app world can dream up besides.
It's possible to use it as an enterprise device too, but there's a lot here that inches it enticingly towards the consumer world.
To many, this is a direct rival to Microsoft's Surface Pro 4, but in reality the two devices are coming at the laptop replacement issue from different angles. The iPad Pro is designed for the casual user, one who doesn't need a computer all day long. It's not a MacBook Pro 2016 with a detachable screen – iOS 10 doesn't have macOS Sierra capabilities, and even the iOS 11 update isn't going to make much of a difference in that respect.
Microsoft's device is more for those who need to massively multitask all the time, using dedicated desktop applications to get everything done.
In terms of cost, well, for an Apple device it's actually less than you'd expect. Of course, I'm not saying that you should accept a higher price because it's an iThing, but I was expecting this to tip into a much higher bracket.
It's now off sale, but the official iPad Pro 12.9 price was US$799 (£679, AU$1249) for the 32GB Wi-Fi version, US$949 (£799, AU$1499) for the 128GB Wi-Fi model and US$1099 (£919, AU$1749) for the 256GB one before it exited shelves.
You may be able to find it on discount throughout 2017 or in third-party resellers, with pricing in the US taking $100 off the top at some stores.
If you want cellular too, the smallest model is 128GB for US$1079 (£899, AU$1699) through Apple, or you can splash out on a 256GB Wi-Fi and 4G model for US$1229 (£1019, AU$1949). Prices with a two-year cellular contract in US bring that down to $729.99.
Seems expensive. But compare that to the iPhone 7 Plus, which costs US$869 (£819, AU$1419) for the 256GB version, and it doesn't seem that pricey in the pantheon of Apple products.
The iPad Pro could be a lot of things to many people - including professional users, considering the amount of business apps in the App Store. To some, a great sofa pal. To others, a brilliant hybrid device that enables them to flip effortlessly from sketching to movies to typing reports on the go.
Is it good enough to usurp the need for a MacBook Air? Could you ever get by just using this tablet and the optional accessories around it, or does it need to be part of a larger family – a device that's perfect for certain situations but gets relegated when it's time for proper work?
There was only one way to find out – force myself to ditch the laptop and try to write this review on the Pro (and you can see the results below). While that wasn't as easy as I'd hoped, I've found a lot of use for the iPad Pro 12.9 in day to day life.
If you're looking for more things to do with your larger iPad, such as painting with a proper brush or getting a brilliant dock, check out our iPad Pro accessories page
Or if you want to just keep your fabulously expensive device safe, check out our best iPad cases round up instead.
Or go to both. We can wait.
iPad Pro 12.9 price comparison
Snagging the 2015 model of the 12.9-inch iPad Pro makes much more sense from a financial perspective, as the price has gone down since the release of the 2017 model. Here's a look at where today's best prices lie.
Today's best Apple iPad Pro 12.9 2015 deals ? $449.97 View No price information Check Amazon No price information Check Walmart
If you get the older model, you will save money. Plain and simple. However, for as much as an extra few hundred dollars or pounds, you'll treat yourself to the new model's faster internals. Here's a look at today's best prices of the latest iPad Pro 12.9-inch.
This article is about the atmospheric science mission to Mars . For the MnSCU network website, see Metnet (website)
Mars MetNet impactor concept Mission type Technology
Atmospheric science Operator Finnish Meteorological Institute Website http://fmispace.fmi.fi/index.php?id=metnet Spacecraft properties Landing mass entry mass: 22.2 kg per unit[1] Payload mass 4 kg allocation Dimensions Impactor: 1.8 m diameter[2] Power 0.6 W [1] Start of mission Launch date TBD Rocket TBD Mars impactor
Mars MetNet is a planned atmospheric science mission to Mars, initiated by the Finnish Meteorological Institute (FMI) and under development by Finland, Russia and Spain. By September 2013, two flight-capable entry, descent and landing systems (EDLS) have been manufactured and tested. As of 2015 baseline funding exists until 2020. As of 2016, neither the launch vehicle nor precursory launch date have been set.
The objective is to establish a widespread surface observation network on Mars to investigate the planet's atmospheric structure, physics and meteorology. The bulk of the mission consist of at least 16 MetNet impact landers deployed over the Martian surface.
History [ edit ]
The basic concepts of Mars MetNet were initiated by the Finnish Meteorological Institute (FMI) team in late 1980s. The concept was matured over a decade, and eventually the development work started in the year 2000.[3][4] MetNet can be considered as a successor of the NetLander, Russian Mars 96 and the earlier ESA Marsnet and InterMarsnet mission concepts.[5] Of these Mars 96 went all the way to launch, but failure on the trans-mars injection with fourth stage of the rocket caused it to re-enter Earth and break-up. As part of this multi-part mission were two penetrators quite like MetNet. Main difference being that on the impact the front part would separate from the back and delve some meters deeper into ground.
MetNet was among the missions proposed at the European Geosciences Union General Assembly in April 2016.[6]
Status [ edit ]
The scope of the Mars MetNet mission is eventually to deploy several tens of impact landers on the Martian surface. Mars MetNet is being developed by a consortium consisting of the Finnish Meteorological Institute (Mission Lead), the Russian Space Research Institute (IKI) (in cooperation with Lavochkin Association), and Instituto Nacional de Técnica Aeroespacial (INTA) from Spain.[1][7]
The baseline program development funding exists until 2020.[8] Definition of the precursory mission and discussions on launch opportunities are currently under way.[8] The precursory mission would consist of one lander and is intended as a technology and science demonstration mission. If successful and if funded, more landers are proposed to be deployed in the following launch windows.[9]
By 2013, all qualification activities had been completed and the payload and flight model components were being manufactured.[10] By September 2013, two flight-capable entry, descent and landing systems (EDLS) had been manufactured and tested with acceptance levels.[11] One of those two probes is being used for further environment tests, while a second is currently considered flight-worthy. The tests covered resistance to vibration, heat, and mechanical impact shock, and are ongoing as of April 2015.[12] The test EDLS unit may later be refurbished for flight.[12]
Scientific objectives [ edit ]
Detailed characterization of the Martian circulation patterns, boundary layer phenomena, and climatological cycles requires simultaneous in situ meteorological measurements from networks of stations on the Martian surface.[5] The fact that both meteorology in particular and climatology in general vary both temporally and spatially means that the most effective means of monitoring This is to make simultaneous measurements at multiple locations and over a sufficiently long period of time. Mars MetNet includes both a global-scale, multi-point network of surface probes supplemented by a supporting satellite in orbit, for a projected duration of two Martian years. Somewhere in the range of ten to twenty observation points is seen as a minimum to get a good picture of atmospheric phenomena on a planet-wide scale.[13]
Scientific objectives of the lander are to study:[14]
Atmospheric dynamics and circulation
Surface to atmosphere interactions and planetary boundary layer
Dust raising mechanisms
Cycles of CO 2 , H 2 O and dust
, H O and dust Evolution of the Martian climate
The purpose of the Mars MetNet Precursor Mission is to confirm the concept of deployment for the mini-meteorological stations onto the Martian surface, to obtain atmospheric data during the descent phase, and to obtain information about the meteorology and surface structure at the landing site during one Martian year or longer.[15]
Lander concept [ edit ]
Artist's rendering of a MetNet impactor entering the Martian atmosphere. Lower module: inflatable heat shield; upper module: 1.8 m inflatable decelerator
Each MetNet lander, or impactor probe, will use an inflatable entry and descent system instead of rigid heat shields and parachutes as earlier semi-hard landing devices have used.[16] This way the ratio of the payload mass to the overall mass is optimized, and more mass and volume resources are spared for the science payload. The MetNet lander's atmospheric descent process can be partitioned into two phases: the primary aerodynamic or the 'Inflatable Braking Unit' deceleration phase, and the secondary aerodynamic or the 'Additional Inflatable Braking Unit' deceleration phase. The probes will have a final landing speed of 44.6 to 57.6 m/s.[2] The operational lifetime of a lander on the Martian surface will be seven years.[17]
Deployment [ edit ]
As secondary payload [ edit ]
As the requirements for a transfer vehicle are not very extensive, the Mars MetNet impact landers could be launched with any mission going to Mars. The landers could piggyback on a Martian orbiter from ESA, NASA, Russia or China or an add-on to larger Martian landers like ExoMars.[1]
Dedicated launch [ edit ]
Also a dedicated launch with several units from low Earth orbit is under study.[1] Most of the Mars MetNet landers would be deployed to Mars separately a few weeks prior to the arrival to Mars to decrease the amount of required fuel for deceleration maneuvers. The satellite platform would then be inserted to an orbit around Mars and the last few Mars MetNet impact landers would be deployed to the Martian surface form the orbit around Mars to be able to land on any selected areas of the Martian surface in a latitude range of +/- 30 degrees for optimal solar panel efficiency.[1][5] A sounder on board the orbiter would perform continuous atmospheric soundings, thus complementing the in situ observations. The orbiter will also serve as the primary data relay between the impact landers and the Earth.[1][5]
Precursory mission [ edit ]
A technology demonstrator mission called 'Mars MetNet Precursory Mission' could be launched either piggy-backing with another Mars mission or with a dedicated launch using the Russian Volna — a converted submarine sea-launched ballistic missile.[18]
The Finnish Meteorological Institute (FMI) originally planned to launch the demonstration lander on board the Phobos Grunt mission on 2011. However, the Mars MetNet lander was dropped from the Phobos-Grunt mission due to weight constraints on the spacecraft. Phobos-Grunt later failed to depart Earth orbit and crashed into the Pacific Ocean on January 16, 2012.[19] The precursory mission launch date is yet to be determined.
Payload [ edit ]
The notional payload of the Mars MetNet Precursor Mission may include the following instruments:[12][15]
MetBaro: pressure sensor with a 1015 hPa limit (100 g)
MetHumi: humidity sensor (15 g)
MetTemp: temperature sensor with a range from -110 °C to +30 °C (2 g)
Panoramic camera with four lenses mounted at 90° intervals (100 g)
MetSIS: a solar radiance sensor with an optical wireless communications system for data transfer [20]
Dust Sensor: an infrared dust and gas detector (42 g)[21]
Power [ edit ]
The impact landers are equipped with flexible solar panels, located on the upper side of the inflatable braking unit, that will provide approximately 0.6 W during the day.[1] As the provided power output is insufficient to operate all instruments simultaneously, they are activated sequentially according to the different environmental constraints.[16]
See also [ edit ]
In the last couple of weeks there have been a huge number of reports from TeamViewer users that their computers have been hijacked. In addition to this, users of the remote access tool have complained of funds being extracted from PayPal and bank accounts. But TeamViewer insists that there has not been a security breach, instead shifting the blame to users.
The company says they are in the habit of reusing the same passwords for a number of apps and services. It suggests that recent high profile security breaches -- such as the password dumps from MySpace and LinkedIn -- have allowed cyber criminals to learn TeamViewer log in credentials. Despite laying the blame firmly at the feet of users, the company is introducing two new measures to help increase security.
In spite of the fact that users have been complaining for the best part of a month about account hijacking, TeamViewer has only just responded to the situation. In a statement, it says: "As you have probably heard, there have been unprecedented large scale data thefts on popular social media platforms and other web service providers. Unfortunately, credentials stolen in these external breaches have been used to access TeamViewer accounts, as well as other services. We are appalled by the behaviour of cyber criminals, and are disgusted by their actions towards TeamViewer users. They have taken advantage of common use of the same account information across multiple services to cause damage."
The statement is very carefully worded so as to avoid accepting any responsibility for what has happened. But while TeamViewer says that password reuse is the root cause of the problem, affected users on Reddit and Twitter say they have suffered account hijacking even with two-factor authentication enabled.
TeamViewer may be passing the buck, but it is taking steps to try to improve security. Two new measures will give users the ability to control which computers have access to their account, and will also look out for signs of suspicious activity. The Trusted Devices feature sends out a notification whenever a new device attempts to sign in, and blocks the connection until the user confirms that the device is theirs.
The second change is an attempt to directly combat what TeamViewer says is the cause of the recent spate of account hijacks -- password reuse. The company explains:
The second measure is designed to improve your security against individuals, such as cyber criminals, who steal account credentials and cause damage by taking advantage of the common use of the same account information across multiple services. The system determines continuously if your TeamViewer account shows unusual behavior (e.g. access from a new location) that might suggest it has been compromised. To safeguard your data integrity, your TeamViewer account will be marked for an enforced password reset. In this case, you will receive an email from us with instructions to reset your password.
Although TeamViewer users will welcome the new security features, many have been left disappointed by how the company has reacted to the widely-reported problem. The radio silence went on for far too long for many people and TeamViewer will also certainly be considering how it should best deal with similar situations in the future.
Photo credit: phichet chaiyabin / Shutterstock
On this page we compile an overview of all the Z170 Non-K Overclocking enabled BIOSes from ASUS, ASRock, GIGABYTE and MSI. Updated regularly!
ASUS Non-K Overclocking Motherboards and BIOSes
In the table below you can find the ASUS motherboards that support Non-K overclocking using the BIOSes listed below. For more information on how to overclock the Skylake Non-K CPUs using ASUS motherboards, check out the Detailed ASUS Z170 Non-K OC Guide
ASRock Non-K Overclocking Motherboards and BIOSes
In the table below you can find the ASRock motherboards that support Non-K overclocking using the BIOSes listed below. For more information on how to overclock the Skylake Non-K CPUs using ASRock motherboards, check out the Detailed ASRock Z170 Non-K OC Guide
MSI Non-K Overclocking Motherboards and BIOSes
In the table below you can find the MSI motherboards that support Non-K overclocking using the BIOSes listed below. For more information on how to overclock the Skylake Non-K CPUs using MSI motherboards, check out the Detailed MSI Z170 Non-K OC Guide
GIGABYTE Non-K Overclocking Motherboards and BIOSes
In the table below you can find the GIGABYTE motherboards that support Non-K overclocking using the BIOSes listed below. For more information on how to overclock the Skylake Non-K CPUs using GIGABYTE motherboards, check out the Detailed GIGABYTE Z170 Non-K OC Guide
Compatible CPUs for non-K OC:
CPU Name Cores Stock Clock Turbo Clock Hyperthreading L3-Cache TDP Amazon Pentium G4400 2 3300 MHz - No 3 MB 54 W link Pentium G4400T 2 2900 MHz - No 3 MB 35 W Pentium G4500 2 3500 MHz - No 3 MB 51 W link Pentium G4500T 2 3000 MHz - No 3 MB 35 W link Pentium G4520 2 3600 MHz - No 3 MB 51 W link Core i3-6098P 2 3600 MHz Yes 3MB 54 W link Core i3-6100 2 3700 MHz - Yes 3 MB 51 W link Core i3-6100T 2 3200 MHz Yes 3 MB 35 W link Core i3-6300 2 3800 MHz - Yes 4 MB 51 W link Core i3-6300T 2 3300 MHz - Yes 4 MB 35 W link Core i3-6320 2 3900 MHz - Yes 4 MB 51 W link Core i5-6400 4 2700 MHz 3300 MHz No 6 MB 65 W link Core i5-6400T 4 2200 MHz 2800 MHz No 6 MB 35 W link Core i5-6402P 4 2800 MHz 3400 MHz No 6 MB 65 W link Core i5-6500 4 3200 MHz 3600 MHz No 6 MB 65 W link Core i5-6500T 4 2500 MHz 3100 MHz No 6 MB 35 W link Core i5-6600 4 3500 MHz 3900 MHz No 6 MB 65 W link Core i5-6600T 4 2700 MHz 3500 MHz No 6 MB 35 W link Core i7-6700 4 3400 MHz 4000 MHz Yes 8 MB 65 W link Core i7-6700T 4 2800 MHz 3600 MHz Yes 8 MB 35 W link
If you have any kind of questions or problems, don't hesitate to ask in the forums:
http://overclocking.guide/overclocking-guide-forum/
Changelog:
21.12.2015: ASUS Maximus VIII Ranger added
22.12.2015: MSI Z170-A PRO correct BIOS added
24.12.2015: GIGABYTE BIOS added
26.12.2015: 6 GIGABYTE BIOS added
29.12.2015: ASROCK Pro4 3.00 added
02.01.2016: GIGABYTE OC Guide added
03.01.2016: ASUS Maximus VIII Hero Alpha added (v 0002)
11.01.2016: ASUS Z170-K, Z170-P and Z170M-Plus added
21.01.2016: New BIOS for MSI Z170A-G43 PLUS (33T) which works. Tested it myself
23.01.2016: New MSI BIOS: MSI Z170A Tomahawk MSI Z170A KRAIT GAMING 3X MSI Z170A KRAIT GAMING R6 SIEGE MSI Z170A GAMING PRO CARBON
23.01.2016: Fixed MSI BIOS for other boards: MSI Z170A KRAIT GAMING MSI Z170 KRAIT GAMING
for other boards: 25.01.2016: New ASUS BIOS: ASUS Z170-P D3 ASUS Z170M-E D3
26.01.2016: New ASUS BIOS: ASUS Z170I Pro Gaming
31.01.2016: New GIGABYTE BIOS: GA-170-GAMING K3
13.04.2016: New MSI BIOS: Z170-A Pro (v 191)
18.04.2016: New MSI BIOS with Beta Runner feature (enable non-K OC on new microcode) Z170A Gaming Pro Z170A GAMING PRO CARBON Z170A Krait Gaming Z170A Gaming M5 Z170A-G45 Gaming Z170-A Pro Z170A PC Mate Z170A Gaming M9 ACK Z170A Gaming M7 Z170A Gaming M3 Z170M MORTAR Z170I Gaming Pro AC Z170A TOMAHAWK Z170A-G43 PLUS Z170A SLI PLUS
1,243,666 total views, 0 views today
It's been a turbulent few months for American nuns. In April, the Vatican handed down a report excoriating the Leadership Council of Women Religious -- a group that represents most of the 57,000 nuns in the United States -- for breaking with Church doctrine on social issues (e.g., abortion, contraception, homosexuality) and entertaining "radical feminist themes." The sisters were gobsmacked. "I've given my life to living in this way," Campbell said. "If you vow poverty, chastity, and obedience, you live open to embracing everybody. If the whole idea of Catholic sisters is to hug the world -- and then they say you work too much with the poor? It hurt."
Campbell went on The Colbert Report earlier this month to announce the Nuns on the Bus tour. "Nuns aren't used to having the focus on them. So what we said was, 'Let's use this moment of notoriety to lift up our mission.'"
A young man hawked cheerful blue Nuns on the Bus t-shirts, with a list of heartland cities printed on the back as if it were a Sufjan Stevens tour.
Perhaps 300 well-wishers, young and old, were on hand to welcome the nuns home. Perspiring (a little), smiling (a lot), snowy-haired and sensibly dressed, the sisters took to the steps of the United Methodist Building in the shadow of the Supreme Court to lead the assembled crowd in prayer. "Who would Jesus execute?" read one spectator's button. A young man hawked cheerful blue "Nuns on the Bus" t-shirts, with a list of heartland cities -- Des Moines, Dubuque, Grand Rapids -- printed on the back as if it were a Sufjan Stevens tour.
Sister Diane Donoghue, 81 years old and, by her own estimation, still kicking, took the mic. The bus had stopped by Rep. Eric Cantor's office yesterday, she said. The crowd hissed. There, the sisters had met a woman with cerebral palsy who depended on federal assistance. The crowd awwed. "I'm not going to stand here and say that the Ryan budget is moral," Donoghue said. "It's immoral!" The crowd went bonkers.
Campbell and her busmates had drafted an alternative to the Ryan budget, a fifty-three page "faithful budget." On day two of the road trip, they stopped by Ryan's office in Janesville, Wisconsin, to deliver it in person. Then it was off to the next motherhouse for a "friendraiser" and a little shuteye. Onward, through Illinois, Indiana, and Ohio, visiting Republican representatives' offices, food pantries, and homeless shelters along the way. Progressive elements of the Catholic Church were on hand to greet them in every town, with open arms and open wallets. In Milwaukee, a homecoming committee hung a banner over the highway that read, "Question Austerity." The bus swung through Philadelphia and Baltimore, with one tour date -- at Rep. Roscoe Bartlett's office -- cancelled due to high winds and a blackout.
Some hapless roadie had scheduled the Washington press conference for high noon, under full sun, in 100-degree heat. Jackie Wilson's "(Your Love Keeps Lifting Me) Higher and Higher" blasted over the PA as the crowd swelled. Campbell gave her stump speech one more time. "Sisters don't do it just with grace, for heaven's sake. We need money to make it happen," she said. She doled out hugs and handshakes, mugged for a few iPhone snapshots, and then escaped across the street to collect herself beneath a shady pin oak.
Three television crews were waiting. With all the media appearances she'd done in the last 15 days, surely Ryan -- and the Vatican -- had taken notice. "I think they're listening now," she said. Missionary work accomplished.
Might there be a reunion tour in the works? "Well, it's all in Holy Spirit's hands, and I'm not 100 percent sure what the Spirit has in mind," Campbell said. "I have to go do some serious praying. But I have to tell you -- first, I have to take a nap and do my laundry."
The medical examiner's office said on Thursday that it was “committed to fairness and providing the highest standards of service for the people of New York City.” It added that courts in all five boroughs had “recognized that our DNA techniques are reliable and generally accepted by the scientific community.”
The Law Department said “all the claims will be reviewed.”
The medical examiner's office, which performs about 5,500 autopsies each year, has long been hailed for being at the forefront in forensic techniques, notably for its role in identifying human remains in the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, and for its efforts to go back and identify some of the anonymous dead in the city's potter's field.
The office has also developed novel techniques and procedures for analyzing trace quantities of DNA left on touched objects, such as a handgun passed among several people. While the office has said it can reliably discern DNA profiles from such samples, often referred to as low copy number DNA, other scientists have said they are doubtful that the results should ever be introduced in the courtroom.
Such critics say that while DNA profiles analyzed from a drop of blood or a semen stain are the gold standard of forensic evidence, the low copy number method involves too much subjectivity and even guessing, and could lead to wrongful convictions.
Abbott Laboratories recalls blood glucose meters
hello
Librtyville Township-based Abbott Laboratories is recalling its FreeStyle InsuLinx Blood Glucose Meters after finding that they display and store incorrect test results for dangerously high blood sugar levels. Associated Press
Librtyville Township-based Abbott Laboratories is recalling its FreeStyle InsuLinx Blood Glucose Meters after finding that they display and store incorrect test results for dangerously high blood sugar levels.
The Abbott Park, Ill., company says the meters will display and store readings for blood glucose levels of 1,024 milligrams per deciliter or higher at much lower levels. That's an extremely high and rare level that requires immediate medical attention.
The inaccurate readings can lead to a delay in identifying the problem or incorrect treatment. Abbott says that can lead to serious injury or death.
Abbott says customers with the meter should contact its diabetes care customer service or download a software update that resolves the issue.
Johnson & Johnson announced a similar recall last month for several types of its blood glucose meters.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Vladimir Putin defends the elections in his annual televised live chat
Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin has rejected calls to re-run disputed parliamentary elections but said he accepted "lawful" protests.
In a televised live chat, he proposed installing web cameras at polling stations to prevent fraud at the March presidential poll where he is standing.
But he insisted the parliamentary results were valid and was scathing about some protesters.
Opposition supporters appeared unmoved by Mr Putin's comments.
Mr Putin also strongly attacked US foreign policy, and sought to dismiss warnings of his own downfall after more than a decade dominating Russian politics.
After serving two terms as president from 2000 to 2008, Mr Putin was obliged under the Russian constitution to step aside after his second term but is now entitled to stand again.
"The fact that people express their opinion... is an absolutely normal thing as long, of course, as everybody acts within the framework of the law," he said, after protests on Saturday which saw around 50,000 people turn out in Moscow alone.
Shutting the internet is technologically difficult and wrong politically Vladimir Putin, Russian Prime Minister
"If this is the result of the Putin regime I am quite happy and quite content with that. I don't see anything wrong with it," he added.
Thursday is the deadline for would-be independent presidential candidates to declare their bids, which must satisfy rigorous criteria at the central electoral commission (political parties have until Tuesday to submit their candidates).
Established opposition party leaders Vladimir Zhirinovsky, Gennady Zyuganov, Sergei Mironov and Grigory Yavlinsky are all expected to stand, as is billionaire Mikhail Prokhorov.
One surprise candidacy is that of Putin ally Dmitry Mezentsev, who is governor of the Irkutsk region of eastern Siberia, and other names include radical opposition figure Eduard Limonov.
In another development on Thursday, senior Kremlin strategist Vladislav Surkov was promoted to acting head of the presidential staff, where he was hitherto deputy head.
'Webcams everywhere'
Analysis This telethon is Vladimir Putin's annual opportunity to reinforce his image as Russia's national leader. But his comments on the country's controversial parliamentary election, and the subsequent street protests, will infuriate those who are demanding a fresh ballot. He described the white ribbons worn by some of the protesters as reminding him of condoms and suggested some of the younger protesters had been paid to come on to the streets. He also claimed that some leading Russian opposition activists had played a role in the "Orange Revolution" in Ukraine. Mr Putin's proposal to install webcams in all Russian polling stations to prevent fraud is unlikely to convince the opposition that future elections will be free and fair. But the aim of today's marathon phone-in is not to win over the opposition: it is to boost Mr Putin's image with the wider public, to present him as a competent manager and the only serious candidate in March's presidential poll.
Instances of ballot-stuffing were identified widely by Russian activists using social media to report them.
Concern over the conduct of the December parliamentary elections was expressed by foreign observers from the OSCE and others.
After meeting Russian President Dmitry Medvedev in Brussels on Thursday, European Council President Herman Van Rompuy voiced concern at the reported "irregularities and lack of fairness" as well as the detention of protesters.
Speaking at the same news conference, Mr Medvedev refused to comment on a call by the European Parliament for an "immediate and full investigation" into allegations of poll fraud, saying the parliament had "nothing to do with" Russia's elections.
Mr Putin said: "As regards vote-rigging and the fact that the opposition are not pleased with the election results, there is nothing new here, this has always been the case.
"The opposition is there to fight for power and is fighting for power. That is why it is seeking any opportunity to come closer to power, to edge the current authorities out, to accuse them, to point to their mistakes."
Mr Putin appeared to mock some opposition protesters, likening their white ribbon symbol to a condom.
"I decided that it was an anti-Aids campaign... that they had, excuse me, pinned on contraceptives, only folding them in a strange way," he said.
Without naming any foreign powers, he condemned "coloured revolutions" such as the Orange movement in Ukraine as a "tested and tried scheme to destabilise society".
He said he was asking Russia's central electoral commission to install web cameras at all polling stations, saying he believed there were more than 90,000 of them.
"Let them operate round the clock, night and day, transmitting everything to the internet, so that the country sees what is happening at a specific ballot box, to remove any falsifications altogether," Mr Putin said.
'Cynical spectacle'
Mr Putin laughed off a Russian press row over a photo of a spoilt ballot-paper on which was scrawled an obscene message addressed to himself.
Referring to the report in Kommersant Vlast magazine, which led to the sacking of two top executives by its owner, he said: "The ballot-paper was photographed in London and you and I know who lives in London.
"Their wish to tell me to go you know where is linked to the fact that they want to come back here themselves and, while I'm here, they can't come back."
It was not clear whom Mr Putin was referring to, but the UK is frequently accused by Moscow of harbouring fugitives from justice in Russia.
One Moscow tweeter, going by the name Aafinogen, claimed that during Mr Putin's speech, the number of people signing up to a Facebook page for a protest rally in the city on 24 December had risen by 3,500 to 21,500.
Liberal opposition figure Boris Nemtsov said Mr Putin's live show had been carefully planned in order to present him in the best light.
"Everybody knows that this is not a real reality show," he said.
"Everybody knows that everything was prepared: questions and answers, all of them. They prepare and it looks like a cynical spectacle to show that he's still strong, he's still popular, he knows how to run the country in the future."
McCain 'nuts'
The Russian prime minister dismissed a warning by former US presidential candidate and Vietnam veteran Senator John McCain that he faced being overthrown like Muammar Gaddafi in Libya.
McCain was captured during the war and kept in a pit - it would drive anyone nuts Vladimir Putin, Russian prime minister
"McCain was captured during the war and kept in a pit - it would drive anyone nuts," Mr Putin said.
Sen McCain tweeted in response: "Dear Vlad, is it something I said?" before retweeting his statement on Russia from last week in which he talks of the "growing frustration that Russians feel for their rulers".
On US foreign policy, the Russian leader said: "America doesn't need allies, it needs vassals."
"Did anyone in the States consult their allies about what to do in Afghanistan?" he asked rhetorically. "Damn right they didn't!"
Russia, by contrast, had "more friends than foes" abroad despite attempts to "shunt" it aside, Mr Putin said.
Warning against perceived threats to Russia, he paraphrased a famous saying by Tsar Alexander III, saying: "They all fear our hugeness."
US indignation
Mr Putin suggested the US military had organised Gaddafi's death.
"Who killed Gaddafi?" Putin asked. "Drones! American ones! They struck his convoy. And then by radio, via special forces that should not have been there anyway, they brought in so-called oppositionists and fighters and killed him without trial or investigation."
Washington responded by saying the suggestion that US special operations forces had been involved was "ludicrous".
"We did not have American boots on the ground in the Libya operation," US Defence Secretary Leon Panetta's spokesman, Captain John Kirby, told AFP news agency.
"All our support was done through the air and on the seas."
In other points Mr Putin
Said the future Russian government needed "an update"
Proposed relaxing electoral legislation to allow smaller opposition parties to take part in elections
Suggested former Finance Minister Alexei Kudrin, a respected figure in financial circles who resigned this year, could return to serve in a future government
Said inflation in Russia was at a record low and the economy would grow by 4.2-4.5% this year
Said he was not in favour of adoption by foreign couples
Asked to explain why spectators had booed when he entered the ring at a martial arts contest in Moscow last month, Mr Putin said: "Maybe the sight of my face in the ring didn't please somebody? I quite accept that.
"Maybe they were unhappy with [defeated fighter] Jeff Monson? Maybe they were unhappy with the fight? Maybe they thought it had been rigged!"
Asked for his views on the internet, the medium favoured by opposition activists, Mr Putin said: "Shutting the internet is technologically difficult and wrong politically."
Over four hours and 33 minutes of live broadcasting, the Russian prime minister was also asked about his personal life. Asked what made him happy, he said: "I find my happiness in love."
Filipino boxing legend Manny Pacquiao and his wife Jinkee welcomed a baby boy last Sunday whom they named Israel, Phil Boxing reported.
Baby Israel was born at the General Santos Doctors Hospital in General Santos City, Philippines. The child, weighing 8.1 pounds, is the third boy out of the couple's five children and was delivered via caesarian section.
“Jinkee, myself and our family, our four other children, thank God for the safe delivery of baby Israel, who we hope to raise as a good Christian, having been named after the Holy Land, which is the birthplace of our Lord Jesus Christ,” Pacquiao said on the night of the boy's birth. “Like our four other children, baby Israel will be well taken care of, and, as he reaches his school years, will be enrolled in top notch schools so he will become a good citizen of our beloved country and an asset to society.”
“Definitely, baby Israel will be an additional inspiration for Jinkee and myself to further serve our people as government servants and Christianity as servants of our faith,” said Pacquiao, who is the only pugilist to have won ten world championship belts in eight weight divisions.
Though Pacquiao said the choice to name his son Israel was inspired by Christianity, his publicist, Fred Sternberg, told The Algemeiner that Pacquiao “loves” the Jewish state. Sternberg added that the boxer and his family have visited the country several times.
Sternberg also revealed that the superstar athlete has mezuzahs affixed to every doorpost of his Philippines home.
“Big ones, he got them in Israel,” Sternberg said, referring to the parchment scrolls inscribed with Torah verses that are traditionally placed on doorposts in Jewish homes. “He didn't have one on the bathroom door. He seemed to know where to put them.”
Pacquiao revealed plans to name his son Israel even before the child was born. On April 13, the boxer wrote on Twitter, “I am looking forward to going home to be with Jinkee and my children as we await the arrival of our baby, Israel.”
Baby Israel's birth came exactly two weeks after Pacquiao scored a victory in the ring in a revenge match against Timothy Bradley to win back the World Boxing Organization's welterweight crown. Pacquiao said his fifth child's birth will also serve as additional motivation for him to continue fighting if only to show fellow Filipinos that there is life after defeat, Phil Boxing said.
CLOSE Carly Fiorina has dropped out of the Republican presidential race following a disappointing finish in the New Hampshire primary. USA TODAY
Fiorina walks onstage to participate in the North Texas Presidential Forum at Prestonwood Baptist Church in Plano, Texas, on Oct. 18, 2015. (Photo11: Stewart F. House, Getty Images)
SAN FRANCISCO — Carly Fiorina, U.S. spy chief?
The evolution from tech CEO to presidential hopeful to possible director of national intelligence — an appointment floated Monday by the New York Times, which quoted an unnamed Trump transition team member saying she's under consideration for the role — reflects Fiorina's dogged pursuit of political superlatives.
Fiorina and Trump had a "positive and productive meeting" on "issues ranging from America's strategic interests and national security challenges abroad to the geopolitical climate across the world and in China," Fiorina spokesman Frank Sadler said in an email to USA TODAY.
A Trump representatives was unavailable for comment.
Even as Hewlett Packard CEO in the early 2000s, Fiorina was a natural politician with a gift for public speaking and an eye on higher office.
She unsuccessfully ran for the U.S. Senate in 2010 and again as the Republican nominee for president this year.
Now, she may be in line for a spot in the administration of President-elect Donald Trump, the former rival who publicly ridiculed her appearance and whom she asked to drop out of the race shortly before the national election.
If she gets the job, she would bring a view of cybersecurity that's at odds with tech's biggest companies, which have declaimed U.S. government efforts to override their encryption as dangerous and a threat to personal privacy.
The one-time bitter political foes met Monday at Trump Tower in New York for what Fiorina called a "productive" discussion about China as "probably our most important adversary and a rising adversary."
"We talked about hacking, whether it's Chinese hacking or purported Russian hacking," Fiorina told reporters.
During the Republican primary season, Fiorina urged Apple, Google and others to "tear down cyberwalls" to help track down criminals online, a stance that ran in cross currents to Silicon Valley, which publicly supported Apple in its fight with the FBI over hacking into a terrorist's iPhone, and has been building stronger device encryption in the months since.
“We could have detected and repelled some of those cyberattacks” if we had passed “a law (that) has been sitting, languishing, sadly, on Capitol Hill,” she said at the first GOP debate last year.
While Beltway insiders are uncertain about the likelihood of a DNI appointment, there there is no argument Fiorina would be interested — notwithstanding the Trump's ugly verbal jousting with her on the campaign trail.
During a tumultuous five-year reign as CEO of HP, Fiorina displayed a steely resolve, laser-focused intensity and unbowed self-esteem. That was on full display when she almost single-handedly ushered in HP's $24 billion merger with Compaq Computer despite fierce resistance from HP board members and some employees, and a contentious court case in Delaware.
The merger, Fiorina insisted, was crucial to the long-term success of the iconic Silicon Valley-based company.
History, however, has not been kind to Fiorina's judgment. By the time she was forced out of HP in early 2005, the merged HP-Compaq had suffered 30,000 layoffs and a brutal shareholder showdown fractured its executive ranks.
Fiorina steadfastly maintained the mega-merger was the victim of the dot-com implosion and a deepening recession in Silicon Valley after the Sept. 11 attacks. She insisted she was vilified for her maverick management style.
"When you lead and when you challenge the status quo, you make enemies," she wrote in an essay published on CNN.com last year.
Follow USA TODAY San Francisco Bureau Chief Jon Swartz @jswartz on Twitter.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2hwRQQO
Auburn begins its second week of fall practice on Monday and will hold its scrimmage of camp.
The first major evaluations will begin today, as "a lot" of plays are planned for the scrimmage, and movement could come swiftly after.
Here is AL.com's projected depth chart to open this week.
QUARTERBACK
Jarrett Stidham, redshirt-sophomore
Sean White, redshirt-junior
Malik Willis, freshman
Note: While Stidham and White have rotated with the first-team offense, Stidham has more often been the first of the two to begin drills.
RUNNING BACK
Kamryn Pettway, redshirt-junior
Kerryon Johnson, junior
Malik Miller, redshirt-freshman OR
Kam Martin, sophomore
Devan Barrett, freshman
JaTarvious Whitlow, freshman
H-BACK
Chandler Cox, junior
Spencer Nigh, sophomore
Keenan Sweeney, junior
Sal Cannella, sophomore
John Samuel Shenker, freshman
TIGHT END
Jalen Harris, junior
Sal Cannella, sophomore OR
John Samuel Shenker, freshman
Note: Cannella has been split out wide more than he has been at tight end
SPLIT END/5
Darius Slayton, redshirt-sophomore
Nate Craig-Myers, sophomore
Marquis McClain, redshirt-freshman
FLANKER/2
Eli Stove, sophomore
John Franklin III, senior
Ryan Davis, junior OR
Noah Igbinoghene, freshman
Note: Franklin spent the spring in the slot, is primarily at flanker thus far but could be used at all receiver positions
SLOT/3
Ryan Davis, junior OR
Will Hastings, junior
John Franklin III, senior
Y/BIG SLOT/9
Sal Cannella, junior OR
Kyle Davis, sophomore
Darius Slayton, redshirt-sophomore
Nate Craig-Myers, sophomore
Jalen Harris, junior
Logan Rice, junior
Note: Cannella has been split out and Kyle Davis has been repping in several spots
LEFT TACKLE
Darius James, senior
Prince Tega Wanogho Jr., redshirt-sophomore
Calvin Ashley, freshman
Bailey Sharp, redshirt-sophomore
Prince Michael Sammons, redshirt-freshman
LEFT GUARD
Marquel Harrell, redshirt-sophomore OR
Mike Horton, redshirt-sophomore
Kaleb Kim, redshirt-sophomore
Austin Golson, senior
Tyler Carr, redshirt-sophomore
Austin Troxell, freshman
Note: Harrell remained with the first team last week but Horton is seeing time
CENTER
Austin Golson, senior
Casey Dunn, graduate-senior
Kaleb Kim, redshirt-sophomore
Nick Brahms, freshman
RIGHT GUARD
Mike Horton, redshirt-sophomore OR
Wilson Bell, graduate-senior
Braden Smith, senior
Tyler Carr, redshirt-sophomore
Marquel Harrell, redshirt-sophomore
Brodarious Hamm, freshman
Note: Horton remained mostly on the right side but as Bell gets more acclimated a change should come
RIGHT TACKLE
Braden Smith, senior
Bailey Sharp, redshirt-sophomore
Prince Michael Sammons, redshirt-freshman
Darius James, senior
Prince Tega Wanogho Jr., redshirt-sophomore
BUCK
Jeff Holland, junior
Paul James III, redshirt-junior
Markaviest Bryant, freshman
T.D. Moultry, freshman (missed Saturday's practice with undisclosed injury)
Tre' Threat, sophomore
NOSE TACKLE
Dontavius Russell, redshirt-junior
Alec Jackson, freshman
Tyrone Truesdell, freshman
Jauntavius Johnson, redshirt-sophomore
DEFENSIVE TACKLE
Andrew Williams, redshirt-junior (limited Saturday with undisclosed injury) OR
Derrick Brown, sophomore
Byron Cowart, junior
Tre' Threat, sophomore
Tashawn Manning, freshman
DEFENSIVE END
Marlon Davidson, sophomore
Nick Coe, redshirt-freshman
Alec Jackson, freshman
Tyler Carter, redshirt-sophomore
STRONG-SIDE LINEBACKER
Deshaun Davis, redshirt-junior
Montavious Atkinson, junior
Chandler Wooten, freshman OR
Richard McBryde, redshirt-sophomore
MIDDLE LINEBACKER
Tre' Williams, senior
Darrell Williams, junior
Richard McBryde, redshirt-sophomore OR
K.J. Britt, freshman
WEAK-SIDE LINEBACKER
Darrell Williams, junior
Tre Threat, sophomore
Chandler Wooten, freshman
T.D. Moultry, freshman
Josh Shockley, junior
NICKEL
Jeremiah Dinson, redshirt-sophomore OR
Daniel Thomas, sophomore
Jordyn Peters, freshman
Jayvaughn Myers, redshirt-freshman
BOUNDARY CORNERBACK
Javaris Davis, redshirt-sophomore OR
Jamel Dean, redshirt-sophomore
John Broussard Jr., redshirt-freshman
STRONG SAFETY
Tray Matthews, redshirt-senior
Nick Ruffin, senior
Traivon Leonard, freshman
FREE SAFETY
Stephen Roberts, senior
Daniel Thomas, sophomore
Jason Smith, redshirt-senior
FIELD CORNERBACK
Carlton Davis, junior
Malcolm Askew, freshman
Traivon Leonard, freshman
PUNT RETURN
Stephen Roberts, senior
Ryan Davis, junior
Eli Stove, sophomore
KICKOFF RETURN
Kerryon Johnson, junior
Kam Martin, sophomore
Javaris Davis, redshirt-sophomore
John Franklin III, redshirt-senior
Noah Igbinoghene, freshman
Devan Barrett, freshman
KICKER
Daniel Carlson, redshirt-senior
Anders Carlson, freshman
PUNTER
Ian Shannon, redshirt-sophomore OR
Daniel Carlson, redshirt-senior
Aidan Marshall, freshman (walk-on)
Anders Carlson, freshman
Note: This is as wide open a position as any
HOLDER
Tyler Stovall, senior
John Franklin III, redshirt-senior
LONG SNAPPER
Ike Powell, senior
Bill Taylor, freshman
In the increasingly divided American landscape, where language, faith, and prime-time television no longer unite us as they once did, a thin golden line holds the nation together. It connects entities as disparate as Britney Spears, the Miami Dolphins, the Tecumseh High School Science Club, the cashier at your local Walgreen's, even George W. Bush. Its domain is the restroom stall. Its associated features include tiny plastic cups, attentive strangers, and, on occasion, latex stunt penises and disposable heat packs.
It is, of course, the precautionary drug test. In 2008 it doesn't matter if you're a millionaire entertainer, a service-industry clock puncher, or the leader of the free world: We're all citizens of Urine Nation.
How did we get to this strange land, where anyone who dreams of working a cash register at Burger King must consent to high-tech bio-seizures so unreasonable they would have made James Madison irrigate his breeches in outrage? Return, for a moment, to 1988. The Cosby Show was dominating the Nielsen ratings for the fourth straight year. Donald Trump was enjoying the bulletproof sauna in his classy new 272-foot yacht. Congress was busy crafting the Drug-Free Workplace Act.
Today, if you ask any V.P. of human resources or peddler of mass spectrometers why the drug testing industry needs to conduct 40 million pop quizzes each year, he'll enthusiastically explain how drug testing can increase workplace safety and productivity, reduce absenteeism and worker's compensation claims, and generally make our factories, offices, and strip malls happier, healthier, more profitable engines of commerce. It's a bottom-line issue, he'll tell you, not a law enforcement issue.
In 1986 the sales pitch was quite different. And it wasn't the private sector who was pitching it. It was the President's Commission on Organized Crime. Until the early '80s, drug testing had mainly been used by methadone clinics, law enforcement agencies, and doctors. When test prices started dropping in 1980, the military and the transportation industry began to make it part of their institutional lives. But it got its biggest boost when the commission decided the country's appetite for drugs was a “national emergency” that the police couldn't handle alone. They needed help from the private sector.
In that bygone era, the idea of a suspicionless bio-seizure was still controversial. The American Federation of Government Employees decried the commission's “witch-hunt mentality.” Rep. Pat Schroeder (D-Colo.) called the idea “idiotic.” Jay Miller, executive director of the American Civil Liberties Union's Illinois affiliate, said it was “like using an elephant gun to shoot a mouse.”
So the government took baby steps. In September 1986, President Ronald Reagan signed an executive order mandating testing for federal employees. To “set an example and lead the way,” he and Vice President George H.W. Bush filled two bottles with grand old pee and had them sent to the U.S. Naval Hospital in Norfolk, Virginia, for testing. Two years later, Congress passed the Drug-Free Workplace Act of 1988. While the Act didn't specifically mandate testing, it required every company doing business with the federal government to maintain a drug-free workplace. Those that didn't would lose their contracts. “We get an overwhelming number of calls a day,” a director at one drug-testing lab told the Tulsa World after the law went into effect. “More than 90 percent say, ‘I've got to do something, but I don't understand what. Can you help?' Most of them are not pleased. It's just another cost, a significant cost to a small company.”
While many employers resented their conscription into the War on Drugs, the policy had a domino effect. As soon as some companies started making prospective employees submit biological résumés, no organization wanted to end up as the preferred haven of the pharmacologically incorrect. So even companies that weren't doing business with the government felt compelled to break out the tiny plastic cups. By 1996, 81 percent of the large businesses surveyed by the American Management Association said they were doing drug testing of some kind.
Today, workplace drug testing is a billion-dollar industry. It has also spawned a thriving anti-testing industry and entirely new crimes. In Indiana, simply owning a Whizzinator—a comically complex but allegedly effective device that consists of a fake latex penis, a harness, synthetic urine, and heating pads—can lead to a 180-day jail term and a $1,000 fine. (This law hasn't stopped people from buying the $150 unit. The company that produces the Whizzinator says it has sold more than 300,000 of them since 1999.) In 2004, a South Carolina man got six months in a state prison simply for selling his clean urine over the Internet.
And around the country, emergency rooms have reported an increase in niacin overdoses, especially among teens. Various websites suggest that taking large amounts of niacin can prevent the detection of THC, marijuana's main psychoactive ingredient. In fact, it's mostly just a good way to overdose on niacin.
Observers still debate how much safer and more productive drug testing makes the workplace. But there's at least one outfit that has no complaints about its efficacy. Forty million drug tests at an average of $30 a pop equals a $1.2 billion subsidy the federal government receives from the private sector each year to help prosecute its endless War on Drugs.
The private sector's largesse isn't limited to money and manpower: Workplace urine collection is a gateway drug to stronger forms of government coercion. As soon as we got used to dropping our pants at work, the government moved on to schools. “Fifteen years ago, school drug testing was too controversial,” John P. Walters, director of the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy, told the Los Angeles Times in 2007. Now that workplace drug testing is no more controversial than Casual Fridays, it no longer seems so invasive to make any teenager who wants to join the school choir publicly prove his chemical chastity.
This year, the federal government has earmarked $17.9 million to underwrite high school drug testing programs. That the government is extending the totalitarian, zero-tolerance perspective of the Drug Free Workplace Act of 1988 to our nation's high schools makes perfectly symmetrical sense. After all, that simplistic edict took its ideological heart from a public policy initiative initially aimed at school kids, Nancy Reagan's “Just Say No” campaign.
The “Just Say No” campaign insisted that all drugs were equally dangerous, all use was bad, and nothing was permitted. Workplace drug testing does the same, only for adults. (“The professional who pointedly ignores covert coke-sniffing by his or her colleagues must eventually come to realize that a person can no more tolerate a little recreational drug use than he or she can tolerate a little recreational smallpox,” the Commission on Organized Crime's 1986 report declared.)
When organizations like the Institute for a Drug-Free Workplace attempt to quantify the impact of drugs in the workplace, they consider only their negative effects. But what about the surreptitious line of coke in the bathroom that helps a salesman meet his monthly quota, or the afternoon pot break out by the dumpsters that keeps a dishwasher sane? Given the stresses of the contemporary work world, how come only Air Force pilots flying bombing missions over Afghanistan and Iraq have unregulated freedom to enhance their performance with go pills and no-go pills? Couldn't we all use a Dexedrine now and then to get to 5 o'clock?
Talk about a pipe dream! Today “Just Say No” is kitschy nostalgia but the Drug-Free Workplace Act remains in full effect. Had the federal government started knocking on our front doors in 1988, cup in hand, demanding compulsory urinalysis, there would have been widespread outrage. Instead, in a move akin to Tom Sawyer convincing his pals to give him their marbles for the opportunity to whitewash Aunt Polly's fence, the government outsourced its soaking of the Fourth Amendment to the private sector. It was one of the most ingenious policy decisions of the last 20 years.
Contributing Editor Greg Beato writes from San Francisco.
Martin Shkreli Leaks Lil Wayne's 'Carter V' Track ... Wayne Launches Investigation
Martin Shkreli Leaks Lil Wayne's 'Carter V' Track, Wayne Launches Investigation
Exclusive Details
Lil Wayne's infamously NOT released "Tha Carter V" has finally been released -- at least partially -- by who else, but Martin Shkreli ... and we've learned Wayne's pissed.
Shkreli pulled a sort of hip hop Robin Hood move, he claims, by posting this video of himself hyping up, and then playing a track he says is from Wayne's legendary album. He boasts that the song is about him.
Of course, Weezy fans have been dying to hear anything from the album since October 2014, when it was originally supposed to be released. Wayne and Birdman have been in a standoff and legal war over the record ever since then.
A source close to Wayne says this is the real McCoy. We suspect Shkreli's about to have even more legal trouble -- in the form of a lawsuit from Cash Money or Universal Music Group.
A source close to Wayne tells TMZ ... his camp is doing an internal investigation to find out if someone passed the song to Shkreli. As we've reported, Birdman says he doesn't have a copy of "Tha Carter V" ... and insists it's been in Weezy's hands all along.
Shkreli's already facing federal indictment for conspiracy to commit securities fraud.
I'm going to put aside the conspiracy theories for a minute to talk about an issue that has suddenly gotten quite big quite on the Internet, though my interest in this topic goes back about 15 years.
Many years ago, the son of a friend was diagnosed with brain cancer. He held on for about a year and had the best treatment possible at St. Jude's. His mom had done everything possible, but in the last stages, he was too sick to participate in an experimental trial. My friend began looking for another option. From her perspective, anything that even looked like an option was preferable to what surely awaited her.
One day, near the end, I got a call. It was my friend, and she wanted to bounce an idea off of me. She had heard about a doctor somewhere in the south who had an experimental treatment. The main ingredient? An extract of urine. I listened to her, and then I crushed her. If this guy had a cure for cancer, then he'd have multiple Nobel Prizes right now. Of course, I did not mean or even want to extinguish that last bit of hope, but the doctor forced me to. I don't know who this doctor was, but I have never forgiven him for putting me in that position, for preying on my friend's misery, or for trying to take away the last days she had with her son.
Her son died shortly thereafter, at home, which is something, I guess.
Stanislaw Burzynski, M.D. [for now] runs a clinic in Houston, TX. He's been running “clinical trials” on people with extracts from urine for decades. Is this the same guy? I don't know. I don't care.
If you take a look at the public record, Dr. [for now] Burzynski has assembled quite a record of getting people to raise enormous amounts of money for desperate causes which usually end in failure.
From the Globe and Mail, 9 March 2o00:
“Jean and Tom Walsh also found Dr. Burzynski on the Internet. Their 26-year-old daughter, Andrea, had also been diagnosed with a fast-growing brain tumour. They borrowed $16,000 to start her treatment, then borrowed more. Andrea suffered severe side-effects, including high fevers, disorientation and constant thirst. When Jean complained, the nurses told her these were signs the tumour was breaking up. A few weeks later, she was told that Andrea would soon be back to work. “I can't tell you how happy we were,” Jean recalled. Her daughter died two days later, on the plane on her way home. That was 2½ years ago. Jean and Tom are still paying off their debts.”
In the same article, the Globe and Mail reports that Rosmari Brezak, whose treatment was projected to cost $300,000, after five weeks in treatment at the clinic, had a massive seizure and lapsed into a coma. She died on March 9.
The St. Petersburg Times of 3 Feb 2000 said that the husband of 29-year old Tracy Bolton was attempting to raise $10,000 to take his wife to Burzynski. When she died on the 9th, her husband was reported by the Times as saying: “If only we had gotten the money a week sooner, we would have been out there.”
Norma Chaimberlain of Cardiff, reported The People on 26 July 1998, was receiving £4000/month supplies of intravenous antineoplastin, and her family was tasked with raising the projected £90,000. She did not live through the year.
Need I go on? And this is the public record, people. Of the records I searched, I found one girl who seems to have beaten cancer into a 3rd remission. Almost everyone else I saw who had been touched by this guy is dead.
Now we hear that this guy's representatives are threatening bloggers who question the unproven treatment? They started with Quackometer, who caught wind of yet another international fundraising event (I think that is how most of these cases ended up in the newspapers I researched–so many fundraisers). Andy came up with some reasonable concerns about Burzynski's practices, and I quote at length:
Burzynski is a ‘lone genius'. Great scientific medical cures rarely stem from single individuals. They are the result of collaboration and teams. Such breakthroughs need to be assessed by peers to ensure that the researcher is not mistaken or overstating their case.
Burzynski is claiming he has found the ‘cause of cancer' and his antineoplaston therapy is its cure. Cancer is a name given to many different diseases. There is not a single cause and treatments need to be targeted as specific forms. It is a common quack claim that they have found the ‘single cause' and they have a ‘unique cure'.
The ‘cure' – Antineoplastons – which were extracted from urine (yes – its the piss treatment) – has no good independent peer-reviewed RCT evidence suggesting it is effective.
Consequently, the treatment is not approved by US regulators. However, it is approved if treatment is part of a trial.
The Burzynski clinic charges hundreds of thousands of dollars for people to enroll themselves in a trial.
These trials of this ‘new and pioneering treatment' have been going on for decades – since 1977. No end appears to be in sight.
The website Quackwatch has raised concerns about the origin of Burzynski's claimed PhD.
Someone who apparently represents this unproven piss peddler then released a barrage of positively unhinged rants and threats against not only Andy, but also his family. This bloke doesn't seem to understand that not only do we have the right to question Burzynski's “miraculous” treatments, but an obligation to question them.
The threats, then, are unforgivable. And skeptics have noticed, including Orac, before whose mighty word processor the very mountains tremble. (Update: Numerous lists are going up of bloggers writing about this. Here's LizDitz's running tally of articles.)
It's time for Burzynski, after decades of trials, to submit his data to peer-review or to stop treating and charging patients.
RJB
Please donate to St. Jude's, who don't turn people away, even if they can't pay. Unlike Burzynski, who was once found guilty of fraud.
Share this: Share
Email
Twitter
Reddit
Print
Facebook
Like this: Like Loading... Related
OMG I had the most amzzing day ever the other day. i was walking dwn the street and i c some homeless guy come up to me and say, “baaargg, have ye got any spare change sonnnn?” He was wearing flip flops and a strange t shirt, with sum1 i had neva seen before on it.
TO which i sed, “Sir, what the fuckery is that thing on ur shirt!?”
the man replied, “yo dawg It's earl sweatshirt, haven't your heard of odd future wolf gang kill them all? there the most hippin bee boppin rap daddies around rite now. skibide boppedity bloodmers gettetr”
I calmly replied, ‘sir i do not undertsnd your crazy jive talk, who is this earl sweatman person?”
The man, stumbling to speak due to his bronchitis, ejaculated ‘word up homeboy, they're the meanest, baddest mothr fuckers. they grew up in the hood son, they're talking about dat real shit rite there, shoving trumpets up peoples butts and fuckng dolphins. shit son, they talkng deep shit rite der.”
I threw up in my mouth a little and stmmerd, “that's really interesting sir, do you know any more about these trumpet fucking hoodlums?”
“they be playin down a show tongiht, ye shoul d com down and…….wait”
something strange started to happen, he knelt down and started to cough violently, before beginingi to throw up everywhere. chunnks flew everywhweer! it even got into some kids eye!! lol. It was really weird, so i decided to punch him in the face and steal his wallet.
After that, I spent the rest of the day viewing art exhibitinos with danny. we stood and admierd works of beethoven, da vinci, merlin and bach, before growing weariy and grabbing a smoothie form a nearby stand. I asked danny if he had heard about the hip hop grounp odd footurue, to which he replied,”SWAG SWAG, FREE EARL!!!” He started having convulsions and threw up everywhere. i was absolutely confused beyond belief.
It seemed tht when anyone statred talking about the odd future, they would throw up uncontrobllay. this intrigued me, so i decided to go see their show and find out whst was going on, i got into my kroegermobile and sped straiht there!!!
There must have been something going on wit odd future causing people to throw up, i couldn't quit eput my finger on it. then i rememberd, steve told me a few munths ago that a new pandemic virus had spread, due to increased levels of swag in the airwaves. he explained to me that for generations there has been a moderate level of swag, this is acceptable for most humans and it contains the rite acidic level. however, odd futures music contains a dangerous amount of swag, and therefore has lead to an overabundance of it, causign air pollution and making people sick. i had to get to the bottom of this, fast!
I arrived at the concert and when straifhg in. as an extra precuation, i went to kmart and bought a gas mask, along with some discounted blu rays that they had a special on. i bought hot fuzz nd shaun of the dead, i thought that i ould watch ssum comedy laughing movies after id done saving thr world.
os iwalked in and sure enough……a horrible sight was to behold. it was $12 for a jug of beer!! what a bloddy outrage!!! i threw my change at the bartending person but they didnt repond, they were just lying over the counter top throwing up, so i jumped ovr the bench and started pouring drinks 4 myself. it was diffucult drinking through a gasmask but i preevailed.
i walked up to the stage and then realized something was horribly wrong!! everyone was dying!!! OH MY GOD
I sipped by beer in disbeilief, people were dying!! I sprung into action and pulled out my swag reading device!!!
THE THING WAS THROUHG THE ROOF!! I HAD TO DO SOMETHING FAST!!
i attemped to push through the crowd, but the pile of dead bodies awas overwhelming. despite my gas mask prvoding proctection, the smell of vomit and flem starteed to become overwhelming, i don't think i had much time left so i had to be quick in case i wanted to get home and watch hot fuzz. I waded through the crowd and steppd over the dead corpses. some people wheere still alive and attempting to crwal thourgh the mess. as i walked thourgh, i felt someone grab my leg! i looked down and saw a familiar face stare up at me. it was the homeless man from before!!
“HOMELESS MAN, YU'RE ALIVE!!! THANK GOD”
“I don't hae much time left i_love_nikelback, you must face odd future alone, if they are to be stopped”
“NO, you'll make it thrgohu this!! you're going to die an old man in a shabby, rundown old folks home, where all the nurses give you drugs and steal your money!! youre not gonna die like this!!1”
“It's already too late i_love_nickelback!! now go, go now before the virus gets you too!! he gave one last gasp and fell to the floor, he was dead. i got down on one knee and cried.
“NOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!” the tears flowed down my cheeks like a wet river. i turned to the stage in a blind rage.
“I….WILLL…..HAVE…..MY……….REVENGE!!!”
I mustered all my energy within me, summonging all the energy of the nature and wildwife. then i sprung onstage and faced earl sweatshirt
i pulled out my axe from my satchel and began to stab violently at the beast. he squirmed and twisted in agony, green blodd started gushing from his torso and he eventually fell to the ground in defeat. I gathered my strength and turned to face hodgy beats and jasper. they screamed in unison and lunged at me, i fell to the ground and struggled to remove their grip from me. they grabbed the axe and went to give one sweep slice across my neck, i cringed and waited for the ineveitable.
BANG!!!
I heard a loud noise and saw their bodies fall to the ground. i looked up and saw danny holding a gun!! i picked up my axe and we turned to each other, we nodded and began to fight the rest off.after a long bloody battle we had dealth with most of them, with just tyler the creator left!!
he stood from his throne and stared in silence. me and danny braced ourselves, before suddenyl. TYler released a legion of cockroaches!!!
we got into action and fought off the cockroaches with our shoes, danny shot with his gun but it wasn't very good, so we resorted to stomping them until they were all dead. suddenly, Tyler rose above the ceiling and began to transform!!! GLORIOUS BEAMS OF LIGHT TRANSFIXED THE ROOM, blinding me and danny. we looked up and saw it……he had become a goblin.
me and danny loooked at each other, noded once more, and ran towards him. Tyler shot his eye lasers but we mangaed to dodge it, i threw my axe at tyler and it sunk into his chest. he sqelaed in pain and attmped to pull it out. danny aimed his gun at tylers head and managed to shoot him between the eyes!! woww!!!!
tyler fell to the ground and with his last words he spoke, “fuck………………………steve…………….har…………” he then died instantly. Danny and i looked at the stage and the sight of rotting corpses. we gathered our things and walked to the exit, i poured one last beer and drank it as we walkted out.
I turned to danny and said,”hey…………have you seen the movie hot fuzz?”
he shook his head and i smiled, “lets go home”
The End
i_love_nickelback
"Sekiranun Graffiti" is the second supercell / Hatsune Miku release to hit American shores, a sign that the debut single from last May was more than just a promotional gimmick to get fans to come to the Miku show at Anime Expo 2011. However, listeners expecting more of the metallic vocals that came out of "World Is Mine" or "Black Rock Shooter" may be surprised to hear a warmer, closer-to-human Miku on "Sekiranun Graffiti"—the difference between a couple of 2008 songs and a release so recent that it came out in Japan on the same day. Like a guitarist going through different strings and picks, supercell's music mastermind Ryo has most likely spent the last few years refining the Miku sound until he got what he wanted.
The result on the title track is by no means perfect—the vocals still hit certain notes with a metallic clunk, and post-production effects sometimes hide rough edges—but the distracting roboticness has been minimized to a point where one can concentrate on the overall arrangement. And the arrangement is a solid one: this is textbook supercell, with rock drums at weekend-roadtrip tempo, chunky electric guitars, and strings at full blast by mid-song. (For a genre associated with all things electronic, how funny that its most famous producer still thinks acoustically, modeling the arrangement after a standard rock band.) The verses are a bit monotone—Ryo's long melodic lines tend to drift on the same couple of chords—but the chorus has enough uplift, and a catchy enough hook, to be a blast of pure joy.
The song's thoughtful lyrics, written by fellow Vocaloid producer Dixie Flatline, reflect upon a friendship that remains steadfast as the surrounding world changes. Yes, most of it is vague, sentimental filler, but the occasional bursts of water imagery—"sekiranun" means thundercloud, and there are references to rainstorms and the ocean—provide something concrete for Japanese-speaking listeners to hang on to.
Songwriter and lyricist switch places for the B-side "Fallin' Fallin' Fallin'," and Dixie Flatline wastes no time in putting his trademark style out there. Glittering synth arpeggios give way to a head-bobbing house beat that should be familiar to anyone who's heard the ridiculously infectious "Just Be Friends," arguably Dixie Flatline's most well-known work. Unlike Ryo's melody- and harmony-driven songwriting, this track is built more around a steady groove, the kind you could take to a club (shame that it only lasts about three and a half minutes). As a side effect, however, the other aspects of song craftsmanship go ignored: the repeating synths and percussion stop being interesting halfway, and some string fills in the chorus do little to spice up an arrangement that sounds pretty homogeneous throughout. Even Miku's voice sounds less refined than on the title track, as if the producer purposely wanted to leave that harsh electronic edge in there. Hey, when the beat is just that good, why mess with anything else?
However, the lyrics stand in sharp contrast to this danceable, uptempo track, as the words tell a tale (perhaps sarcastically) of desperate, unrequited love. If the lyrics to "Sekiranun Graffiti" are about the hope of true friendship, then "Fallin' Fallin' Fallin" is about the hopelessness of an impossible crush. The CD's crisp, brightly colored cover art by Atsuya Uki seems to agree: we see a smiling Miku riding across the clouds for the title track, while on the reverse, a more subdued version of her looks on wistfully as autumn leaves swirl about. And what does this mean in the context of the music? That the two songs are significantly different in style, but are both fun to listen to anyway.
A remix of "Sekiranun Graffiti" by another Vocaloid producer, baker, rounds out the main body of material on the disc. Despite an attempt to make the song sound different by switching out rock instruments for synthesizers and adding a more "grimy" feel, the remix does little else to improve or transform the track. It might make the song more palatable for DJ material at a dance, but from a musical perspective, this is just some guy tinkering pointlessly with the original. Instrumental versions of the two songs are also included for the karaoke-addicted.
For American fans who thought that the Hatsune Miku repertoire began and ended with what they saw at Anime Expo, "Sekiranun Graffiti" brings them up-to-date with the latest and greatest, as seen through the musical vision of producer Ryo. While one CD single cannot hope to represent the breadth of the Vocaloid meta-genre these days, it does bring a couple of other producers and their respective styles into the fold, and shows the versatility of the virtual idol's voice with contrasting A- and B-sides. But the most important thing is that these tracks make for pleasant listening, built upon solid songwriting concepts and distinctive arrangements. Is there still room for improvement in the genre? Absolutely. But seeing how things improve, and being part of that journey, is what makes it fun.
[UPDATE: Harley-Davidson has clarified that the brand was not involved in the production of this spot. "Although we love his work, we were not actually the client. We have contacted his studio and we were told that this work was purely a promotional entry for the Young Directors Award," a Harley rep tells us. Original story below.]
In this two-and-a-half-minute branded film from Germany, a despondent salaryman strives to reconnect with his "inner child" and find meaning in his dreary, white-collar life.
Though the theme is familiar, the visual storytelling (there's no dialogue) is strong; "Inner Child" won this year's Cannes Lions Young Director Award for Best Web Film on behalf of director Andreas Bruns.
When we first meet our hero, he's bathed in muted hues and working late, staring forlornly at the cold lights of the office towers that form the bars of his personal cage. The action flips between the guy's story and scenes of a mysterious boy in black, who represents a younger version of the protagonist. The film chronicles the man's journey to recapture his lost innocence and freedom, with his inner child guiding the way.
Which brand helps liberate his troubled spirit? It doesn't show up until the film is nearly over—and, even then, with an air of profound understatement. This approach elevates "Inner Child," allowing us to focus on the odyssey and fully appreciate what the brand means to him.
That's some voyage of self discovery: Hitchhiking, helicopters, fireworks, barroom brawls, suit-jacket immolation… and kicking the crap out of your own luggage! Part of the film's charm lies in its slightly cartoonish quality, which underscores our hero's sense of desperation.
It's also the kind of quasi-realistic/Hollywood-style adventure many bored, world-weary men fantasize about, a quest in tune with the desires of its target audience. (I can personally attest to that.)
Bruns says the idea for the film sprang from his own quest to find meaning in life. "About three years ago I struggled with my life so badly that I felt myself not capable of continuing my studies," he tells AdFreak.
"I caught myself just staring at the screen one day, doing nothing. That was the moment I realized that I had to find my way out. It was the same day I booked a flight to Spain." To clear his mind and gain perspective, Bruns hiked the rugged, dusty Camino de Santiago, also known as Way of St. James. "After my return, I knew that someday I would tell a story about this topic."
Bruns' slightly disorienting technique keeps viewers off-balance but also draws us in. And the guy's ultimate meeting with his younger self packs emotional power. What's more, the narrative mostly avoids cliches: In the final shot, our protagonist rides his chopper alone in the desert, and that feels about right—especially since they resisted the urge to insert the oft-compulsory trophy babe affixed to his waist.
"Our project took us 10 days of shooting," Bruns says. "The journey was realized in Spain in and around Almeria, where we found a wide range of different scenery. The world of the 'inner child' was realized in a studio in Hamburg."
Of course, depicting motorcycles as symbols of macho freedom and the cure for a midlife crisis is nothing new. Still, "Inner Child" fires on all cylinders, tempting cube-drones everywhere with tantalizing images of the thrills that await if only they have the courage to hit the open road.
CREDITS
Production Company: Filmakademie Baden-Württemberg / Tempomedia
Creative Directors: Andreas Bruns, Gunnar Heuwold
Director: Andreas Bruns
Director of Photography: Simon Drescher
Executive Producers: Nathalie Kraft, Ruben Steingrüber
Apple is not renewing a contract with server virtualization software provider VMware, reports CRN — a move that could save the company millions of dollars.
According to the report, Apple was using VMware ESXi internally to run its internal server infrastructure. Originally, Apple was planning to renew its four-year-old licesning deal with VMware at a cost of around $US20 million for the next two years.
VMware, a $US33 billion publicly traded company, makes software that helps tech companies like Apple run their data centres more efficiently, at higher scales. It makes money by charging fees to licence its software.
There's a growing demand in the tech industry for free, open source software that can do what VMware does. With the rise of smartphones and cloud computing, data centres are growing ever-larger to meet swelling demand. That means licensing fees like the kind VMware demands can become a real headache for enormous companies like Apple, who run massive data centres to do things like sell apps and content and push software updates.
This report says Apple will be ditching the VMware ESXi software in favour of KVM, a free alternative that does largely the same thing. The kind of software is called a “hypervisor,” a way to essentially trick one server into thinking it's multiple servers, enabling for a higher level of efficiency.
Apple is no stranger to free software: It uses the Apache Mesos tool to run Siri, the digital personal assistant that runs on the iPhone and iPad.
Meanwhile, VMware seems to recognise the threat that free software like KVM poses to its business, and has been aggressively partnering up with companies like the $US1 billion startup Dockers for joint solutions, while it tries to figure out how to stay competitive.
Neither Apple nor VMware had responded to a request for comment at the time of publication.
Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join
Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.
Berth, who is his party's EU spokesman, squared off with the Danish European Movement chairwoman Stine Bosse in a debate on Europe's external borders for Europa Magasinet.
In one exchange, Berth said that migrants who try to reach Europe by boat should be shot.
“The only way you can do it effectively is simply to turn the boats away and say ‘You can't sail into this territorial border, if you do you will either be shot or you will be turned around and sailed back',” he said.
The debate's host, Ole Stephensen, gave Berth the opportunity to clarify himself by asking if he really believed boats of migrants should be fired upon. Berth said it was “an example” of what could be done to protect the EU's borders.
“We need to do what is necessary to ensure that the border is not violated,” he added.
His debate opponent Bosse seemed to hardly be able to believe what she had just heard.
“You cannot stand here and say that they be shot in the Mediterranean. I simply refuse to believe it,” she said.
As the clip of his comments began to circulate, Berth took to Facebook in an attempt to “address a coming press storm”.
“I of course don't mean that a ship under the command of Nato or Frontex should shoot at migrants trying to cross the Mediterranean. What I mean is that warning shots should be fired at a vessel that is crossing into European territorial waters!” he said.
A lawmaker for the ruling Venstre party, Jakob Ellemann-Jensen, said on Twitter that the remarks were "not okay" and that "warning shots are... a warning of what is to follow." "Of course you don't shoot at people who are fleeing. It shouldn't be necessary to say," Mette Frederiksen, the leader of the opposition Social Democrats, wrote on Facebook. Berth's debate remarks can be seen here
According to the UN Refugee Agency, 2016 has been the deadliest year ever for refugees and migrants attempting to cross the Mediterranean, with at least 4,700 people having died or gone missing during their journeys.
Each morning I wake up in the coziness of my soft, warm bed, my black cat sleeping near my head. It's still dark, because we are approaching the winter months, and the rain for which we Californians are grateful is lightly making its sacred tapping upon the roof. I do not want to leave the bed, as I'm listening to my husband make his Fajr (pre-dawn) prayers. The usual routine of getting up and praying, then making breakfast as he prepares to go to work and earn much needed money. I am getting ready for a party this weekend to invite Bengali friends, by making ochre and hamburg curry, shrimp spinach curry, black bean soup, haleem, and baked chicken.
All I know is that I am filled with gratitude for being in my cozy home, filled with pictures of my family, my paintings on the walls, soft furniture, and a small studio where I paint. My favorite items are my camera and my books. Other (non-material) things that are precious to me are the memories of friends and family, whose presence have enveloped my home. Many prayers have been said in my home, from Sufi dhikrs, to our Sunni Imam, to prayers said by friends — all different religions and cultures have visited my home. I also raised my children in this house. Most important is the love that I have shared between my husband and myself; we created memories in this home and sacred space.
I think of others less fortunate: I think of the Rohingas fleeing Burma to find refuge in my husband's native country of Bangladesh. They are running from genocide and ethnic cleansing by militant Buddhists — their homes are burnt, men are killed, and women are raped. They escape where they do not have their basic needs, the things we depend on for survival, like food and water, places for bathrooms, and shelter over their heads. They are basically homeless and severely traumatized. They aren't wanted in Bangladesh, because they never had the right to learn skills and educate themselves. This is not a sole genocide; look at what is happening in Syria and Iraq, other places in the world. I feel angry and upset over it. My heart goes out to them, as well as my prayers.
I think of the murder of a young boy who was savagely abused and killed. It has been on the news. I think of all the children who face this every day — hungry and thirsty, facing all kinds of abuse. Some don't have parents. I taught art to abused children and those in foster care. These children do have parents, but they are alcoholics, drug addicted, or mentally ill, not able to care for their children or even provide the basics. Some are extremely talented, but who can say that they will have a future without someone's support. My children were very fortunate to have a good father who encouraged and supported them.
This time of year can be very materialistic. This is the time of year where some people have no one to celebrate the season with and feel intense loneliness. There is a great deal of depression and suicide.
My own mother, may God bless her, was severely mentally ill and a severe alcoholic, who at many times was homeless. I saw her a few times in my life, and when she died an early death. She was a very fragile and beautiful woman. I told her that I forgave her, two weeks before her death, for not being there. Because of her, I have sympathy for the homeless. I had to bury my sister who committed suicide because of her own struggles, and it took me ten years to get over her death. She was also beautiful and fragile as well.
Where would I have been, had I not met my husband? I was desperately poor, trying to choose whether to buy art supplies or to eat. No one supported me during my education at art school. I felt very much alone in the world. I was a nurse's aide working 20 to 30 hours a week, yet still not making enough money to survive. I was stealing my friend's donuts that he was trying to sell at school, and eating potatoes. I had no one until my father-in-law and my husband came into my life and rescued me.
This is the holiday season, and many families get together for Christmas and Thanksgiving. I make a big deal out of Thanksgiving by making a big meal for my family. Every Thanksgiving Eve, I think about what I am grateful for. Some have parties to go to. Neighbors and children bake cookies and sweets. The stores are filled with merchandise to buy. Sometimes we buy gifts nobody really wants. This time of year can be very materialistic. This is also the time of year where some people have no one to celebrate the season with and feel intense loneliness. There is a great deal of depression and suicide.
I think all the time about how precious life is. The fact that we are alive and our body functions, that in itself is a miracle.
I think of this as I lie in my cozy bed, while others do not have shelter or a warm bed. I am an older woman, although I don't know where time went. My children seem still small. We gave them everything. At times it was not enough because I was not well. They are now almost middle-aged and educated with good careers. I hope that they will always be happy and never suffer poverty or homelessness.
There are no guarantees that my life will always be secure. There are rumors of war, and for Muslims, like myself, we feel an uncertain future. My husband and I are older, and we suffer from health problems. Who will be the one who leaves the other behind?
I think all the time about how precious life is. The fact that we are alive and our body functions, that in itself is a miracle. I practice mindfulness meditation, where you concentrate on your breath and focus on the present by observing your body, listening intently to noise around you, and focus on how your thoughts work. I notice the improvement of my memory. When you live in the present, you don't mourn over the past or worry about your future. I feel I have more control and decisiveness when I do this. I also feel God very intensely in these moments, as a blissful presence beside me, around me.
I am grateful for what I have in this moment. The fact that all exists, and we wake up every morning, is a Mercy from Allah (God). Each moment unfolds itself, little by little. The light slowly envelops everything, as the dawns light inches its way through the curtains and blinds. What a journey I had in this life! Another day begins for me; not too much happening today. I am happy to cook for friends and plan for Thanksgiving to be spent cooking for my family. That itself is a blessing, to be able to create memories and to give of oneself. I have a family secure under my comfortable home, for which I am grateful. That is a blessing.
Stephenie Bushra Khan is a converted Muslim, a poet, and local artist in Temecula, California. She is originally from Winchendon, Massachusetts.
Want your voice to be heard? Send your submission to MostlyMuslim@gmail.com!
Visit the “Contribute to MM” page for more details.
Follow Mostly Muslim on Facebook HERE.
NASA has been accused of covering up an alien sighting after a video surfaced showing six UFOs passing the International Space Station live-stream seconds before the feed is cut and replaced with images from a camera showing the inside of a briefing room.
Conspiracy theorists claim the clip shows a fleet of unidentified objects flying by the ISS moments before the agency's live-stream goes dead.
The 31 second video appears to focus on the outside of the American station and within seconds, 'six large' glowing orbs crept past the camera.
The sighting was originally spotted by YouTuber Streetcap1, who then shared the clip with SecureTeam 10.
'He has discovered what some are calling a fleet of unidentified flying objects moving in the distance behind the International Space Station,' Tyler from SecureTeam said.
'We have about six UFOs passing behind, and judging from the distance, I would guess that the size of these objects, whatever they are, would be fairly large.'
'Much larger than NASA's typical excuse of ice particles, we must be looking at icebergs.'
Tyler explained that suspiciously NASA cut the live feed and replaced it with feed from camera showing the inside of a briefing room.
The video shows the outside of the lit up International Station (ISS) floating in the dark abyss of space.
And at the six second mark, the first 'floating orb' appears in the frame - with the rest of the fleet following shortly after.
Although alien hunters are sure these balls of light are UFOs, a former NASA employee has a more scientific explanation.
The 31 second video shows the outside of the lit up International Station (ISS) floating in the dark abyss of space
And at the six second mark, the first 'floating orb' appears in the frame - with the rest of the fleet following shortly after. Although alien hunters are sure these balls of light are UFOs, a former NASA employee has a more scientific explanation - 'space dandruff' or ice
Conspiracy theorists claim to have spotted a fleet of unidentified objects flying by the International Space Station moments before the agency's livestream went dead
A POSSIBLE EXPLANATION In 1996, the NASA STS-75 shuttle blasted off on a 15 day mission, with a mission to transport a tether with a satellite at the end that could conduct electricity. Unfortunately, the tether broke, leading to the loss of the satellite. However, the strangest sequence was a cloud of ice crystals floating ahead of and around the tether, almost like dandruff, that many believed were UFOs - which could be what was seen in the latest sighting by the International Space Station.
An article posted on Atlas Obscura, explains some of James Oberg's reasons behind sightings like this one.
Oberg, who was employed at NASA in the late 1990s, calls this type of occurrence a result of 'space dandruff'.
In 1996, the NASA STS-75 shuttle blasted off on a 15 day mission, with a mission to transport a tether with a satellite at the end that could conduct electricity.
Unfortunately, the tether broke, leading to the loss of the satellite.
However, the strangest sequence was a cloud of ice crystals floating ahead of and around the tether, almost like dandruff, that many believed were UFOs.
Although experts have their explanations of what these objects could be, there are still many alien hunters who beg to differ.
Another sighting near the ISS occurred in January, when John Craddick, from Wolverhampton, told the Sun he's teaching a friend how to use the NASA live feed when he spotted an object float by the station.
'I've been watching it for years but never seen any UFOs on it before,' he said.
'At first it was really small and then it grew bigger, lasting for about 25 seconds.'
Mr Craddick said 'there's nothing human which can fly that high', which he took as evidence it was a UFO.
While it is not always possible to determine exactly what these objects are during the brief period they appear in the stream, there are a number of possible explanations for these types of sightings.
'It is astonishing how many UFOs are seen buzzing around the ISS, but like this video there is usually a simple explanation for them,' Nigel Watson, UFO expert and author of the UFO Investigations Manual, told MailOnline.
'This could well be a lens reflection that appears and then goes as the light changes, giving the impression of an extraterrestrial space coming into view and then cruising out of sight.
'Many UFOs caught by the ISS's cameras can be also be explained as images of space junk or satellites in the distance, and even very small flecks of paint or particles can appear like UFOs when caught by the bright light from the sun.'
Assessing the Donald Trump Show's impact on markets will likely remain a top priority for most investors this week. For one desperate trader, however, the next few days are about all something else entirely: Apple's earnings.
We first met F.S. Comeau back in April, when we interviewed the 30-something from Montreal for a story about WallStreetBets, a Reddit forum that rose to prominence over the past year for its irreverent and gun-slinging approach to playing markets.
Count Comeau among those that have experienced the lofty peaks and painful valleys of the group's high-risk approach to trading. In fact, one particularly tough stretch landed him in the hospital with stress-related issues. That's what hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of losses can do to a guy.
This Tuesday, he vows, will mark his last and boldest attempt to erase losses and reach market riches. In WallStreetBets lingo, his Apple AAPL, +0.06% bet — and our call of the day — is his “final YOLO.” For you non-millennials, that's “you only live once!”
So what does Comeau do for his swan song?
Basically, he is using what's left of his stash to bet big against Apple by buying put options that, according to Comeau, could net him upwards of a few million if his prediction holds true. But if Apple, which currently sits near $122, trades at $128 or above after the report — poof! — $240,000 gone.
Here's a look at the trades:
Comeau is nothing if not confident — maybe too confident in this moonshot, although that tends to play rather well among the WallStreetBets crowd.
“IT IS SIMPLY NOT POSSIBLE FOR APPLE TO SPIKE UP POST-EARNINGS,” Comeau wrote. “It didn't happen to Google GOOG, +0.52% GOOGL, +0.42% , it didn't happen to Western Digital WDC, -0.76% , Qualcomm QCOM, +0.08% or even Intel INTC, +0.24% or Microsoft (2%! Yay!) MSFT, +0.69% , despite excellent earnings (which Apple won't have).”
Famous last words?
Go here for his entire 5,000-plus word post explaining why he's quitting trading for good, how “the stock market is rigged” and how a drop of at least 20% in Apple shares on Wednesday will earn him back the fortune he's lost in the trading pits. The iPhone maker is due to post its quarterly results late Tuesday.
Some called Comeau out for a being fool, others snickered and wished him luck, and then there were several others who bought into the concept of the trade.
“Maybe I'm an idiot, but after reading that entire post, I'm in for some Apple puts,” writes OcculusResurrectio. “Not YOLO-ing, but the logic is pretty sound.”
So, we'll check back in with Comeau and the rest of the WallStreetBets crew on Wednesday morning, but for now let's take a look at what traders should keep an eye on after the mayhem of the last few days. Stocks are under pressure so far.
Key market gauges
The Dow DJIA, -0.13% closed below the 20K level, and the S&P SPX, -0.08% took its biggest hit in a month. Gold US:GCH7 caught a slight lift on all the uncertainty. Japan NIK, +0.43% finished down, while other Asian markets stayed closed due to the Lunar New Year holidays. Europe SXXP, +0.39% had a rough day all around as major markets ended lower. See the Market Snapshot column for the latest action.
The chart
“Wall Street hocus-pocus has done an awesome job,” says Wolf Richter of the Wolf Street blog. He's talking about how the Dow industrials DJIA, -0.13% managed to finally top the 20,000 mark despite one little problem: Revenue for the blue chips overall hasn't been this poor since back in 2010, as you can clearly see by this chart:
It's more than just the oil crunch, too.
“Actual revenues, as reported under GAAP, over time, are obscured the best way possible, just as magicians obscure their sleight of hand by distracting their audience with some flashy moves,” Richter explains. “This relentless and eager focus on Wall Street hocus-pocus explains in part why the DJIA has soared 73% over the five years to 20,000 even as aggregate revenues, despite the delirious acquisition binge, have been mired down in a sea of stagnation.”
The buzz
Huge week for earnings, with about a fifth of the S&P 500 SPX, -0.08% set to release their results. We already know about Apple, but we'll also hear from Exxon Mobil XOM, +0.20% and Pfizer PFE, -0.14% on Tuesday, Facebook FB, -0.30% on Wednesday and Amazon AMZN, +0.21% on Thursday, to name just a few.
Read: Outlooks for the Trump era are top focus of earnings season.
Tempur Sealy TPX, -1.38% is down 29% after Mattress Firm terminated contracts with the company.
Delta DAL, -0.56% said it had to cancel 150 domestic flights on Sunday due to computer glitches. Flights are supposed to be up and running Monday, though some cancellations may still happen, the airline said in a tweet.
Only 109 people out of 325,000 were detained and held for questioning. Big problems at airports were caused by Delta computer outage,..... — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 30, 2017
The economy
The January jobs report is the big number to watch this week, but we won't get that until Friday. Before that, the Fed meets midweek, and we'll get some sales figures from the auto sector.
As for today, consumer spending rose 0.5% in December, the savings rate dropped to the lowest level since 2014, but inflation is on the up.
Still to come, pending-home sales.
The quote
“I work on Wall Street and live on Long Island. I am surrounded by people who can't recognize how recently their own ancestry and ethnicity would have been a problem for them. Are you one of them? If so, I hope this hits close enough to home so as to awaken you from your contented slumber” — Josh Brown, in a post at his Reformed Broker blog.
Of course, Brown was just one of many speaking out against the ban. Here's how leaders from the tech sector have responded.
See: Elon Musk wants you to suggest how Trump should tweak his travel ban
Read: The next catalyst for selling stocks? Analysts react to Trump's immigration order
The stat
10,000 — That's how many refugees Starbucks SBUX, +0.13% plans on hiring worldwide over the next five years. CEO Howard Schultz said the coffee giant will offer jobs to those who served as interpreters or support personnel for U.S. troops overseas. “We have a long history of hiring young people looking for opportunities and a pathway to a new life,” he said.
One guy apparently had a real problem with that:
Random reads
These are the books everybody was reading at inauguration time of every U.S. president going all the way back to Eisenhower.
Celebrities set aside politics for one night at the SAG Awards. Just kidding.
24 times Muslims on the internet told it like it is.
Sanctuary cities are safer and more productive.
One Iranian Google employee's perspective on the ban.
Read the viral tweetstorm tale behind this picture:
Need to Know starts early and is updated until the opening bell, but sign up here to get it delivered once to your email box. Be sure to check the Need to Know item. The emailed version will be sent out at about 7:30 a.m. Eastern.
Or Follow MarketWatch on Twitter or Facebook.
Providing critical information for the U.S. trading day. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Need to Know newsletter. Sign up here.
