Tougher and more realistic emissions tests for cars and vans take effect in the EU on Friday (1 September), a measure welcomed by the auto industry and consumer groups, coming on the heels of the Dieselgate scandal that shook the bloc, particularly Germany.
A new laboratory test, called WLTP, will introduce much more realistic testing conditions for measuring pollutant and CO2 emissions. It will therefore provide a more accurate basis for measuring a vehicle's fuel consumption and emissions.
A second new test to measure emissions on the road – known as the real driving emissions (RDE) test – will also be in force from Friday, making Europe the only region in the world to have such scrutiny.
Under RDE, a car will be driven on public roads over a wide range of conditions using portable measuring equipment. RDE will complement WLTP to ensure that pollutant emission levels, measured during the laboratory test, are confirmed on the road.
The new tests will apply only to new cars from September until the end of the year and to all vehicles from September 2018. They will help eliminate loopholes used by car manufacturers under the current New European Driving Cycle (NEDC) system, which dates from the 1970s.
In some cases, some manufacturers over-inflated tyres to optimise the wheels' rolling resistance during tests, using special motor oils or reducing the weight of the vehicle.
The Dieselgate scandal blew up when Volkswagen admitted in September 2015 that it installed software devices in 11 million diesel-engine cars worldwide that reduced emissions of harmful nitrogen oxides when it detected the vehicle was undergoing tests.
Dieselgate scandal still fuming in Europe, more action needed Europe has not yet reached the bottom of the Dieselgate scandal as “many other brands” besides Volkswagen show too high emissions in real driving conditions, the EU's Internal Market Commissioner Elżbieta Bieńkowska warned in a letter to the 28 member states' transport ministers.
“Consumers have for too long been fooled about the amount of petrol and diesel that cars
guzzle and have ended up paying much more than expected in fuel costs,” said Monique Goyens, the director general of the BEUC, a European consumers group, which welcomed the introduction of more realistic new tests.
But she cautioned that both the EU and member states must closely follow the implementation of the new testing system and provide full information to consumers during the transition period.
“We call on the member states to ensure that consumers have access to the information by no later than 1 January 2019. This is important so that people can buy cars based on reliable information as soon as possible, but without causing confusion during the transition period,” Guyens said
Europe's car manufacturers, represented by the ACEA, also gave the nod to the new tests, saying the car industry has already invested heavily to achieve “significant improvement in emissions” in new diesel vehicles.
“Indeed, these diesel vehicles will deliver very low pollutant emissions not only in the laboratory but also on the road,” said the ACEA's Secretary General, Erik Jonnaert.
“We believe the introduction of this latest generation of diesel vehicles… will play a strong role in helping cities move towards compliance with EU air quality targets,” he said.
The ACEA also welcomed the fact that with RDE in place as the EU-wide test, there should be no more confusion caused by using “a multitude of different tests, each with varying and incomparable methods and results”.
Donna Summer's family statement about her death didn't mention cause of death. The Associated Press cited her publicist as saying it was cancer. Several reports note that Summer battled breast cancer years ago. And TMZ reports that lung cancer is what ultimately killed her.
Summer was a smoker and, as a singer, spent years in clubs where smoking was allowed, TMZ reports. But that's not what she thought did it.
The disco queen felt that inhaling toxic air after 9/11 gave her lung cancer.
Sources close to the singer tell TMZ that Summer was in New York City during 9/11, living at an apartment near Ground Zero. The site says she "became almost paranoid about breathing the air, which was heavy with a rancid odor."
Deney Terrio, the host of "Dance Fever," told TMZ that Summer would hang silk sheets in her dressing room to prevent dust from coming in.
Thousands of Ground Zero workers were reported to have lung ailments following the 9/11 attacks.
McCarthy to pose nude
Jenny McCarthy launched her career when she was 20 by taking her clothes off for Playboy in 1993. She went on to become Playmate of the Year.
Now, the 39-year-old host of NBC's "Love in the Wild," which conveniently debuts June 5, plans to bare all again for a nude pictorial in the July-August issue. Look for it to hit newsstands June 29, E! reports.
"All I wanted to do (when she began in the industry) was work with my clothes on, and now I just hope to get them off!" she said this week at the E! upfronts.
Al Gore has a girlfriend
It's been nearly two years since Al and Tipper Gore announced they were separating after 40 years of marriage.
Cut to now and a hot-couple alert: Former VP Gore, 64, has a "serious girlfriend," reports the Washington Post.
Her name is Elizabeth Keadle, whom the Post describes as "a well-heeled Democratic donor from Southern California in her 50s with a background in science and a devotion to environmental causes."
The two have apparently done some rubbing of shoulders with stars. They joined experts and such stars as Richard Branson, Jason Mraz and Tommy Lee Jones on a trip to Antarctica in January to raise awareness of climate change.
Gore's office declined to comment on the relationship to the Post, as did Keadle.
Nobody would have been stunned had Real Salt Lake chosen to part ways with Jeff Cassar after last year's two-month death spiral. The club had a better idea, instead extending its coach's contract another year with a mandate to get things back on track.
Turns out Cassar had three games to do so; or, at least, the now-former RSL head coach had three games to demonstrate forward movement. There has not been enough so after a decade with the club, the last three years and change as head coach, Cassar is done. Someone else will play Mr. Fix-It.
Whether that someone will be former New York Red Bulls head coach Mike Petke, whose move this season to RSL's USL affiliate appeared to anoint him successor, is anybody's guess. General Manager Craig Waibel, who gave Cassar the news Monday, offered few hints on a coaching search during a conference call following the announcement, providing no timeline and saying only that it would be “expansive” and cover “a lot of different names from multiple countries.”
If it's Petke, he'd get the job now, goes the accepted logic -- his Real Monarchs USL side kicks off its season this weekend -- but there are other names being tossed around. If Waibel sticks closer to home, assistant coaches Daryl Shore, who will serve as interim coach, and Freddy Juarez are options. Toronto FC assistant coach Robin Fraser is a former RSL assistant. Martin Vasquez, like Fraser a former Chivas USA head coach, is RSL's Arizona academy director.
There are also the bigger names on the coaching market. Sigi Schmid's available. Is Bob Bradley?
Hansen, Cassar during happier times at RSL. (Chris Nicoll-USA TODAY Sports)
Whoever gets the job, there's enough that needs fixing. RSL's been in transition since Jason Kreis left for New York City after 2013. Cassar, part of Kreis' staff since 2007, won 15 games with Kreis' roster and tactics in his first season in charge, but there have been a lot of hiccups with the change that has followed.
RSL struggled in 2015 through a tactical shift, veering from Kreis' treasured 4-4-2 diamond formation to a 4-3-3, and missed the playoffs for the first time in eight years. Things seemed to fall into line last year, when RSL sat second in the Western Conference following a 3-3 draw with the LA Galaxy on Sept. 7.
It's all gone wrong since. That game started a seven-game winless skid to finish the season. RSL slipped to sixth and would have missed the playoffs had Portland won its finale at Vancouver. The team eventually lost, 3-1, in the knockout-round to the Galaxy.
A draw and two losses to open 2017 have pushed the skid to 11 games. Worse, RSL can't score. There have been only four goals in the last 10 games, and Yura Movsisyan's to take an 18th-minute lead Saturday was the first by an attacking player, not counting penalties, during that stretch.
Big-picture issues
There are big- and little-picture issues at hand. The big concerns identity, the academy's rising role in furnishing first-team talent, getting more from foreign acquisitions, and utilizing a system that makes sense and will win points.
Right now, RSL identity is in something of a crisis, with the club legends responsible for the golden six-year stretch beginning to move on. Javier Morales, the heart of RSL's flowing attack, left at the end of last season. Kyle Beckerman, 34, and Nick Rimando, 37, are the faces of the club but won't be around forever. The next generation, led perhaps by Slovak playmaker Albert Rusnak, needs playing time to figure out its level.
Much of that will be determined by how RSL plays. Cassar's 4-3-3 has been ill-suited for the personnel, requiring too much defensive work from wingers João Plata and Juan Manuel “Burrito” Martinez, the creative midfielder who left “by mutual agreement” after last season. The setup also left too much expanse to patrol for Beckerman and his holding partner. Plata needed to be closer to the net, more of a partner for Movsisyan, who too often has been stranded up top.
RSL was one of MLS' most talented sides during Kreis' reign, but it's been left a bit behind as the league's quality has risen. Morales slowed as he aged, naturally, and the signature foreign signing of the Cassar era was Martinez, who contributed mightily to last year's early-season success. Designated Players must be difference-makers, and RSL's haven't made enough of a difference lately.
The team needs to continue to reap from its academy, which is one of MLS' best. Cassar fared pretty well in integrating Homegrown Players into the mix, including center back Justen Glad and midfielder Jordan Allen, who have assumed major roles. Ricardo Velazco has come off the bench in all three games this year.
Death by red card
Embedded video for Why Jeff Cassar is gone, and where that leaves Real Salt Lake
It's difficult to see one thing that triggered Cassar's dismissal. The bigger issues from last fall remain and Waibel made it clear there was no “smoking gun” that finished off the coach. The move was “cumulative decision” based on “continued observation” from the start of preseason.
Three games, especially this time of year, aren't enough to be sure about anything, but Waibel believes RSL is “very, very close to where we want to be” and that “a new voice and a change in the leadership may be able to push us over that edge and get us to where we want to be.” That could be, but if Beckerman isn't red-carded in the countdown to halftime last weekend, what do you want to bet Cassar is still in charge for Saturday's visit to the Red Bulls?
But last weekend's loss was a gut punch. The Galaxy has eliminated RSL from the playoffs three times, including both trips under Cassar. This time, RSL was dominating the Galaxy, but it all fell apart after Beckerman picked up two yellow cards.
Without its captain, RSL had no foundation, and LA, another team in transition, took charge.
It was a tough loss, and with three of the next four (and eight of the next 13) on the road, Waibel and owner Hansen decided they'd seen enough.
More features every day from FourFourTwo USA
Scott French is a reporter for FourFourTwo. Follow him on Twitter @ScottJFrench.
Saudi Arabia said on Thursday it was installing four cranes at three ports in Yemen to help boost humanitarian aid deliveries and was ready to assist with installing cranes at the key port of Hodeidah once it was under control of a neutral party.
The Saudi mission to the United Nations said in a statement that the cranes were being installed at the ports of Aden, Mukalla and Al-Mokha - which are all under the control of a Saudi-led military coalition fighting in Yemen.
The coalition has said it was determined to help Yemen's government retake all areas of the country held by Houthi militia, including Hodeidah port, and would ensure alternative entry routes for badly needed food and medicine.
The United Nations has worked to avert attacks on Hodeidah, a vital Red Sea aid delivery point for millions of Yemenis in danger of slipping into famine. Around 80 percent of Yemen's food imports arrive via Hodeidah.
Deep concern
“Saudi Arabia is deeply concerned about the deteriorating humanitarian situation,” it said. “We have always supported every effort to ensure that the people of Yemen receive the aid and relief they require especially in times of crisis.”
The coalition began an air campaign in March 2015 to help defeat the Iran-allied Houthi militias. Five Hodeidah cranes have been destroyed by coalition air strikes, forcing ships to line up offshore because they could not be unloaded. The United Nations has said the coalition prevented it from delivering mobile cranes to the port earlier this year.
A soldier walks at Red Sea port of Hodeidah, Yemen, May 10, 2017. (Reuters)
The coalition has accused the Houthis of using the port to smuggle weapons and ammunition and has called for UN monitors to be posted there. The Houthi movement denies the allegations.
The United Nations has proposed that Hodeidah be handed to a neutral party to smooth the flow of humanitarian relief and prevent the port being engulfed by Yemen's two-year-old war.
Immediate installation
“The coalition ... reaffirms its readiness to facilitate the immediate installation of cranes at the port of Hodeidah, in line with the secretary-General's special envoy Ismail Ould Cheikh Ahmed latest proposals,” the Saudi statement said.
The United Nations Security Council urged the warring parties in Yemen in June to reach a UN brokered deal on management of Hodeidah and resumption of government salary payments as the country slides closer to famine.
Top UN officials last month accused the parties fighting in Yemen and their international allies of fueling an unprecedented deadly cholera outbreak, driving millions closer to famine and hindering humanitarian aid access.
Last Update: Friday, 18 August 2017 KSA 08:48 - GMT 05:48
The NFL is about that business, boss.
After fining Marshawn Lynch $20K for grabbing his crotch during a game, the NFL has decided to commemorate that moment. People can now buy a plaque that features the Seahawks running back making that exact gesture. The league is basically saying, "Don't do that anymore, but since you did we're going to make money off of it." The fine must not have been enough.
Lynch has been warned ahead of time that performing the obscene gesture in the Super Bowl will quickly get the Seahawks a 15-yard penalty, but until then the NFL will be happy to see the profits from this.
MORE: the Best players to never win Super Bowl | From Watergate to Deflate-gate | Seahawks fan's Richard Sherman prosthetic leg
It was a memorable NFC title game, but a different picture of Lynch could've been used. If you want to take part in this, you can buy one here.
This is probably one of the reasons why Lynch doesn't like the NFL .
Last year, the NFC North was a tight division all season…between two teams.
The Green Bay Packers and the Detroit Lions had to settle who would take the division last season during their matchup in an epic week 17 game at Green Bay. In case you don't remember, Green Bay quarterback Aaron Rodgers was injured throughout the entire game but still managed to defeat Detroit by a score of 30-20.
So, will the same happen this season? How will a young team like Minnesota do in a division filled with veterans? Let's run through my prediction of how this season will unfold for the NFC North.
Chicago Bears:
Key additions: Kevin White (rookie first round draft pick), Eddie Royal, Tracy Porter, John Fox (head coach)
Key losses: Ray McDonald, Brandon Marshall, Roberto Garza.
The Chicago Bears had a very disappointing season in 2014 with a record of 5-11, which was good for dead last in the division. The main issue was with quarterback Jay Cutler. Week after week, poor decisions were made, which lead to 18 total interceptions and a lot of frustration. Things got so bad with him that during their week 16 matchups with Detroit, Chicago opted to start backup quarterback Jimmy Clausen, which was his first start since his rookie year in 2010 with Carolina. Although Cutler had 66 percent of his passes completed and 370 completions total, he tied Phillip Rivers of San Diego for the most interceptions in the league.
Another issue with the Bears was with head coach at the time Marc Trestman. Although Trestman thought he would return after such a bad season, he was fired after the regular season. His team ended the year on a five-game losing streak, which was the final say in the decision to get rid of him.
Season prediction: I think Chicago will be around the same as last year. Adjusting to a new coach and new players is always a challenge for the first year. Their division record last year was 1-5 and I think it will be around the same for that as well.
Record: 4-12
Detroit Lions:
Key additions: Lance Moore, Ameer Abdullah (rookie second round pick), Laken Tomlinson (rookie first round pick), Haloti Ngata.
Key losses: Ndamukong Suh, Nick Farley, George Johnson, Reggie Bush.
Last season, the Detroit Lions hired a new head coach, defensive coordinator, and offensive coordinator. It worked. They made the playoffs for the first time since 2011 with an 11-5 record and a division record of 5-1, only losing to Green Bay in week 17.
After their controversial first round loss to the Dallas Cowboys, many people around the Detroit area thought Suh would stay with the team after an emotional press conference. In the end, Suh decided to take the money and head down to Miami to play for the Dolphins. Piece after piece of their unstoppable defensive line start to leave which led the Lions to acquire Ngata from the Ravens. This will be the Lions biggest question mark heading into the preseason.
Season prediction: Detroit will struggle a bit defensively after losing Suh, Farley, and Johnson to free agency and trades. Their front seven, which was a dominant force last season, will need to adjust to Ngata's typical 3-4 scheme and defensive coordinator Teryl Austin accommodating to that. With that being said, their offense will be better than ever with Calvin Johnson healthy and they will continue to put up big numbers on that side of the ball. With all of this being said, their overall record and game play next year should be a tad worse.
Record: 7-9
Green Bay Packers:
Key additions: Re-signing Randall Cobb and B.J. Raji.
Key losses: A.J. Hawk, Brad Jones.
The Packers had one of the most boring offseasons in the history of football, besides re-signing two important pieces in Cobb and Raji. They made no huge splashes in free agency, but honestly they don't have to. Their team is already that good. When you have the best quarterback in the NFL right now in Aaron Rodgers, it's hard not to be that good.
They won the division last season and made it all the way to the NFC Championship game, falling just short to the Seattle Seahawks in overtime by a score of 28-22. Although their Super Bowl run came up short, Rodgers had a phenomenal season with 4,381 passing yards, 38 touchdowns and just five interceptions.
Season prediction: I don't have any doubt in my mind that Green Bay will be the division favorites once again this season. In fact, they might be the favorites to represent the NFC in the Super Bowl. I fully expect Rodgers and Co. to have another fantastic regular season and take the division.
Record: 12-4
Minnesota Vikings:
Key additions: Mike Wallace, Trae Waynes (first round draft pick), Casey Matthews.
Key losses: Greg Jennings, Matt Cassel.
Many experts thought the Vikings could have made the playoffs last season with their young offensive weapons in Teddy Bridgewater and Cordarrelle Patterson, and veteran stars Adrian Peterson and Greg Jennings. However, all of these players, minus the rookie Bridgewater, had disappointing seasons. Patterson and Jennings struggled all season and Peterson missed the entire year, besides week one, because of…well you all should know. Because of all of this, and the 25th worst rushing defense in the league, the Vikings went 7-9 and missed the playoffs in 2014.
Season prediction: If there is any year for the Vikings to breakout, it's 2015. With Peterson back, an upgrade at receiver in Mike Wallace and an upgraded defense, the Vikings are a very young and exciting team to watch out for. Will they win the division? Not a chance. Could they make the playoffs? Sure they could, but will they? I think they might need another season of improvement before there's a chance of that happening. My record prediction might seem a bit off because of what I just said, but they do have a pretty difficult schedule next season, including at Denver, at Arizona, and at San Francisco for the first Monday Night Football game of the season.
Record: 8-8
Next week, we will preview the NFC East.
Thousands of criminals were logging on to a 'cyber supermarket' where they could shop for stolen credit card details or learn how to manufacture illegal drugs – and even bombs.
At its peak GhostMarket. Net had 8,500 members who bought and sold credit cards and bank account information worth millions of pounds and traded advice on committing and getting away with crimes.
The information was used to rip off banks and retailers anywhere around the world. Innocent shoppers using the internet would find their pin numbers and passwords copied by cyber criminals who had infected home computers using special software. The details were then sold and modified on GhostMarket.
But what astonished police was the discovery that the mastermind behind GhostMarket was not some hardened criminal – but a shy public schoolboy, who at the time of his arrest had only just turned 18.
Last week Nick Webber, whose father was a senior politician in Guernsey, pleaded guilty to a series of fraud offences and has been told he faces a lengthy jail sentence. Webber's conviction follows a warning last month by Sir Paul Stephenson, the Met police commissioner, that Britain is facing a rising tide of online crime.
Today The Sunday Telegraph can reveal how Webber, with a brilliant talent for computers, transformed himself from failing A level student to master criminal – and how his developing taste for the high life finally led to his downfall.
It was on Oct 29 last year that the law finally caught up with Webber. He had begun living in London's most expensive hotels, paying the bills using 'compromised' credit cards.
He took to wearing designer clothes, posing for photographs with thousands of euros laid out in front of him or else next to a flashy four by four – even though he has never passed his driving test.
But while staying in the Athenaeum Hotel on Piccadilly apparently in its £1,600 a night penthouse suite – with views of Green Park and the London Eye beyond – the receptionist there became suspicious that an 18-year-old Webber was the genuine owner of the credit card he was using. Police were called and duly arrested Webber on suspicion of credit card fraud.
Detectives found on his laptop the details of 100,000 credit cards, representing a potential loss to credit card companies of as much as £12 million.
They also found business cards Webber had had printed with his online moniker N2C and GhostMarket emblazoned on them.
Officers from the Met Police's Central e-Crime Unit (PCeU), specially set up to track down cyber criminals, and who had been pursuing GhostMarket for some time, had finally found their Mr Big. Except that to their astonishment they found he was a teenager.
"The receptionist who called us didn't think this 18-year-old was the genuine credit card holder. She had this teenager paying on a credit card for a £1,600 a night suite," said a senior police source.
"He was moving around five or six high-end Mayfair hotels. He had no job but he had this talent for computers and he used it to create the biggest English speaking criminal internet forum we have ever found on the web."
Despite his arrest Webber didn't stop there. Released on bail, he fled to Majorca where he continued for the next few months to live in five-star hotels, still running GhostMarket using a laptop and mobile phone while all the time taunting the police.
"To be a Legend Carder u gotta be a ghost" he wrote on one website, adding the sign off: "F*** the Police!"
He even discussed on one log the possibility of 'blowing up' an officer from PCeU involved in the inquiry in the naive hope it might curtail his prosecution.
Webber finally returned to Britain in January this year – it is not clear why but is thought to be linked to GhostMarket's operation – and was arrested at Gatwick airport, eventually pleading guilty last week in Southwark Crown Court to conspiracy to commit fraud, conspiracy to make or supply articles for use in fraud and encouraging or assisting offences.
Two older accomplices, whom Webber had recruited online, including a young woman from Swansea, also pleaded guilty to offences connected with GhostMarket.
Webber, now 19, was remanded in custody and has been warned by Judge John Price he faces 'a substantial period of imprisonment' when he is sentenced in February.
Webber's descent into a life of crime has puzzled his family. He was born in Guernsey into a privileged background. His father Anthony, a financial and political consultant, was a member of Guernsey's parliament for 13 years while his mother Susan was a senior official in the Guernsey Financial Services Commission. There is even a family crest of two crossed knives and a fleur de lys set against a blue background.
Mr Webber, contacted by The Sunday Telegraph, admitted his son – the middle of three boys – had had a difficult last few years after he left his mother for another woman.
Mrs Webber, who has since remarried, took her children to England to live, enrolling her son first at Woodcote House, an £18,000 a year prep school in Surrey.
In 2005 he moved to the leading public school, Bradfield College, which charges boarders £9,500 a term.
"He has always been super brilliant at computers but it never occurred to me anything like this would happen," said Mr Webber.
"I think what has happened is Nicholas has got involved in using his skills and he has shown off. He always helped my friends with their computers.
"I can't remember when I bought him his first computer but he would have had computers from a very early age, certainly from at least nine or 10 and possibly before then."
Peter Roberts, Bradfield College's headmaster, said Webber had been "happily settled" at his school and described him as a "loyal member of the community".
Mr Roberts added: "Although no angel there was nothing about his disciplinary record at Bradfield to suggest any cause for concern for the future."
From Bradfield, Webber enrolled in September 2008 at Havant College, a state sixth form college, near his mother's home in Southsea in Hampshire.
He was studying four A-levels, including computing and information technology. But with his mother suffering a serious illness and his father largely absent from his life, police believe Webber began dabbling in fraudulent credit cards and then looked to the internet to see how he could 'develop his talent'.
Finding no English-language crime forum available, Webber started his own, using his computer hacking and internet design skills – some self-taught; some learnt at school. Astonishingly, the website gathered momentum.
It had a sophisticated design and even a kind of mission statement on its front page which promised: "A committed website for Carders" – a reference to credit card fraud – and followed by "A new era to virtual marketing."
Webber had set up five different categories or menus on GhostMarket. One was for general computer hacking; another for stolen and compromised credit cards; a third for banking fraud and a fourth for 'other' criminal activities such as how to make the illegal, highly addictive drug crystal meth.
A fifth forum was a private trading area which criminals could access and do deals such as selling credit card details hacked via the internet.
Webber oversaw it all. "He was facilitating a supermarket site for criminals," said the police source, "He was about 17 when he started it, at about the same time he left boarding school. He began small, inviting in friends. But over a period of 18 months it got up to 8,500 members.
"Although he was in many ways just a normal teenage kid – he wore jeans; he was pretty shy – he also showed a remarkable level of maturity to be able to run this website. He had this online persona that was pretty arrogant. In GhostMarket he was the king. It was his empire. But in real life he wouldn't say boo to a goose."
With GhostMarket up and running, Webber had begun skipping his studies at Havant College. By Oct 2009, a week or two before his arrest Webber was asked to leave because his attendance record was so poor. "Nick was a reasonably able student who lacked the commitment to pursue his studies seriously," said Havant's principal John McDougall.
With his mother ill – she attended court last week in a wheelchair – Webber left home, using credit card details stolen or copied from the internet to fund an increasingly lavish lifestyle.
He began spending a small fortune on designer clothes or else gadgets, including buying new and more powerful laptops.
The business cards he had had printed with his online moniker N2C were a sign of his growing confidence – what his father calls 'bravado' – but finally led to his downfall.
"What happened to Nicholas has been a big shock to both his mother and to me," said Mr Webber, "In a very short period of time things went wrong. He is a delightful son in a lot of respects.
"He is very sporty and very loving. He is generally a very good mannered person but quiet by nature.
"He was never flamboyant except that in the last couple of years this bravado side has come out. I just wish I had been in a position to have some positive influence.
"He is the sort of person that the security services should be employing. His skills are such he could do a lot of things but the very sad thing about this is it is going to affect his future career."
Mischievous. (Picture: Servicio Nacional de Aduanas de Chile)
Anyone who has seen Despicable Me will have made the observations that (1) it's hilarious and (2) the Minions are the best thing about it.
So popular are these mischievous yellow henchmen that ecstasy pills are being made in their likeness.
Chilean customs authorities seized at least 100 Dutch-made tablets shaped like Minions and hidden in a children's drawing kit.
MORE: Look us in the eye and tell us this isn't one of the biggest sinkholes you've ever seen
(Picture: Servicio Nacional de Aduanas de Chile
The pills had been sent from The Netherlands to the Chilean city of Vina del Mar, reports Argentine news site Infobae.
Two men, one Chilean and one Argentine, were arrested at their apartment and put under house arrest by local authorities.
In another incident, officials found methamphetamines in backpacks sent from Colombia to Australia via Chile.
Advertisement
Advertisement
MORE: ‘A mouse ate my Brussels traffic reduction plans'
After a thorough review process, the National Executive Board of the National Association for Music Education (NAfME) and Michael Butera have agreed that he will not be returning to the association. We wish him well and thank him for his service to our purpose and mission.
Additionally, we are announcing that Michael Blakeslee will serve as the new Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer for NAfME, effective immediately. Mr. Blakeslee's vast experience and knowledge of our organization, fostered over nearly 30 years of dedicated service to NAfME and the music education profession, best position us to move forward and advocate for and provide opportunities to students and teachers.
These last few days highlight the need for real, substantive conversation about what must be done to provide access and opportunity to all students no matter where they live. This is an ongoing journey and we are ready to play an increasingly important role in convening and facilitating a dialogue and prompting action around how all of us can increase diversity, inclusion, and equity in music and the arts.
Michael Blakeslee is Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer of the National Association for Music Education (NAfME). He received B.A.s in music and psychology and an M.A. in music composition from the University of Virginia, where he managed the electronic music lab. He has taught at institutions in the United States and abroad, notably at Northern Virginia Community College, Virginia Commonwealth University, the Universidad de Los Andes, and the Universidad Nacional Pedagógica de Colombia. He has composed musical works for a variety of media, and is the author of articles on music and music education.
At NAfME, Blakeslee has served as editor of the award-winning Music Educators Journal and of Teaching Music magazine, and many NAfME publications. He has directed the development of music education initiatives and innovative online tools for music education. In 1994, he was editor of the National Standards for Arts Education: What Every Young American Should Know and Be Able to Do in the Arts. In 2010, he managed the process that resulted in the 21st Century Arts Skills Map, published by the Partnership for 21st Century Skills. And he served on the National Coalition for Core Arts Standards leadership team in the development of the 2014 Core Arts Standards.
Blakeslee's work over nearly 30 years at NAfME has also involved overseeing a number of significant cooperative ventures resulting in the development of teachers' materials and other support for teachers and the public, and the institution of initiatives encouraging all decision-makers to engage more effectively in supporting music education.
In 2006, Blakeslee was designated a Lowell Mason Fellow, a distinction awarded to outstanding individuals in music education. He serves on the board of the American Youth Philharmonic Orchestras, a youth orchestra in the Washington, DC, area.
The Tick Pilot Review
Amazon‘s The Tick (2016): Season 1, Episode 1: Pilot was probably the second best adaptation of the comic-book-series-of-the-same-name to date. Unlike the animated and comic book incarnations of the titular character (7′ tall, 400 pounds), The Tick (Peter Serafinowicz) in this Amazon series is not an extraordinary physical specimen (he is covered in molded rubber like Michael Keaton‘s Batman). Like the animated incarnation of The Tick, Serafinowicz's The Tick spoke in heroic bombast. The Tick was a near moron, with incredible abilities, led by a singular drive to do good. He was a walking, talking caricature yet wasn't diminished by that fact in the slightest.
The Tick was unintentional hilarious throughout the entire episode, both in words and in actions: The Tick whacking criminals around as if they were weightless, laying in bed with Arthur Everest (Griffin Newman) as he slept, and pontificating on a rooftop to empty air were highlights of his hilarity during the episode.
The Tick's antics aside, Arthur Everest's present day and past storylines were the bedrock of the episode. Though the episode was entitled Pilot (or The Tick – whichever the case may be), the episode was the origin story of Arthur. This episode established what motivated Arthur, his mental condition, and how he saw the world. That narrative approach might have been disastrous but it was complex and interesting. The fact that Arthur's origin story was intermingled with superhero and supervillains' rise and fall from the past and present made it like the first season of Arrow.
That was the best way to approach a narrative where the past was just as important as the present.
Unlike Arrow where the viewer gradually learned how Oliver Queen acquired his vast skill set, the viewer of this The Tick episode learned how Arthur's mind became obsessed with those imbued with super abilities. The villain that made Arthur famous chief among them. The Terror (Jackie Earle Haley) was a villain that knew how to have fun (e.g. the ice cream moment) even in an important situation (like The Jew Hunter in Inglourious Basterds). The Terror also knew how to make an awkward situation even worse.
The tone of the episode was a mixture of comedy, action, and gore e.g. weaponized syphilis to the eyes. It all worked but there was the inherent problem of seriousness. If a character in a life or death situation doesn't take the situation seriously, why should the viewer? Why should the viewer have an emotion reaction to such a situation when no (or almost no one) on-screen does? The Tick wanted to have it both ways (light-heartedness but have the viewer emotionally invested) with everything it threw at the viewer. It couldn't. The show was littered with goofiness (“Go tell it on the mountain”) and comedy in-between the heart moments.
I smiled multiple times and laughed out loud once during the episode. When the episode reached its conclusion, I wanted to see what would happen next. That was all thanks to the writing of Ben Edlund and the acting of the on-screen talent.
The cliffhanger ending was an effective one. If the goal of this episode was to entice, to show what this series could be, mission accomplished.
Leave your thoughts on this The Tick Pilot review and this episode of The Tick below in the comments section. Readers seeking more The Tick can visit our The Tick Page. Readers seeking more TV show reviews can visit our TV Show Review Page, our TV Show Review Twitter Page, our TV Show Review Facebook Page, and our TV Show Review Google+ Page. Want up-to-the-minute notification? FilmBook staff members publish articles by Email, Twitter, Tumblr, Google+, and Facebook.
Former Wales dual-code international and ex-Regional Rugby Wales (RRW) chief executive Stuart Gallacher has died at the age of 68.
Llanelli-born Gallacher was until recently chairman of Regional Rugby Wales, and had also been chief executive at Llanelli and the Scarlets.
He also served on the board of European Rugby Cup for 16 years.
Scarlets players wore black armbands in Sunday's 28-18 European Champions Cup defeat at Toulon.
A minute's silence was held before the Welsh Rugby Union's (WRU) annual general meeting in Port Talbot.
Similar tributes preceded Ospreys' game against Treviso as well as other European matches played on Sunday.
RRW, which represents Scarlets, Newport Gwent Dragons, Cardiff Blues and Ospreys, issued a statement paying tribute to Gallacher.
It read: "His contribution has been immense for Welsh Rugby - his stature, commitment and determination to fight for what he believed to be right for Welsh Rugby at all levels throughout difficult times was never compromised.
"He has always been a true "rugby man" and for that his standing and respect in the rugby world will be recognised from the many tributes that will undoubtedly be given publicly in coming days, weeks and months.
"Whilst fighting a brave and determined battle against serious illness in recent times, Stuart's passing is a time of great shock and grief for his family and close friends.
Former Llanelli and Scarlets full-back and current Scarlets team manager Garan Evans: "As Scarlets we're all very appreciative and hold a lot of respect for Stuart for what he's done. He's had a huge impact on us as a club and he will be sorely missed because he was a gret character. It's a very sad day for us as Scarlets."
"Alongside his passion and love of rugby, Stuart was a great family man and RRW and the four regions pass on their sincere condolences and support to his devoted and supportive wife Jan and his family at this difficult time."
WRU chief executive Roger Lewis said: "Stuart dedicated his life outside his family to the game of rugby and his contribution down the years will prove a fitting epitaph to his commitment and loyalty.
"His understanding and love for the game meant he was always able to contribute positively to important decisions which formed the road map for the development of the sport."
The departing chairman of the WRU, David Pickering said: "Stuart was a giant of a man who made a massive impact on world rugby and his memory will live on throughout the game.
Media playback is not supported on this device Phil Bennett remembers 'colourful' character Stuart Gallacher
"Nothing could keep him away from his beloved Scarlets and his contribution to their development as a club and region has been highly influential.
"In all his dealings he brought immense rugby knowledge to the table, both in Wales and beyond so the game of rugby owes Stuart a huge debt of gratitude.
"Rugby has lost one of its greatest supporters but Stuart's memory will live on because of everything he has contributed to the game throughout his life."
During his playing career back row forward Gallacher joined Llanelli RFC in 1965 and played almost 200 games, winning a Wales cap against France in 1970.
Later that year he switched to rugby league and joined Bradford Northern before moving to Keighley in January 1975.
During his time at Keighley he played for Wales in the 1975 Rugby League World Cup.
After serving as chief executive of Llanelli RFC and Scarlets for 13 years, Gallacher was appointed chief executive of RRW in 2009, succeeding David Moffett.
Gallacher, who also served on the boards of the Pro12 and European Cup, stepped down from his role with RRW in June 2014. due to ill health.
“Think you're a Leo?” The New Zealand Herald asks. “You're not.”
The piece is highlighting a BBC Stargazing Live discussion of the zodiac, in which a curious tidbit was revealed: even if you accept the idea of astrological signs, you probably weren't born under the one you think you were.
When the zodiac was devised by the ancient Greeks, people were assigned star signs based on the constellation that was behind the sun at that time. But the constellations are now out by about a month. The wobbling process is called precession — it has been likened to the Earth behaving like a spinning top — and takes about 26,000 years to happen.
In case you're wondering, there's even a handy interactive guide to help you figure out which constellation was actually behind the sun at the right time (and will still have no effect on your life).
Ophiuchus was deliberately left out of the original zodiac, over 2000 years ago, even though the Sun clearly passes in front of it after passing in front of Scorpius (commonly known as Scorpio) and before reaching Sagittarius. The reason for this is not known, but it may be because ancient astrologers wanted to divide the 360 degree path of the Sun in a mathematically pleasing way — 12 equal parts, each one of 30 degrees.
Perhaps the really interesting part of this is that there's actually another “sign” that the Greeks chose to ignore, Ophiuchus.
Which really seems like it should have thrown quite a wrench in things. I mean, you have to wonder: If signs actually translated to something real and useful, how come people didn't figure out the discrepancy a long time ago? Wouldn't you notice that the predictions ostensibly meant for you are totally off, but the ones a month later are right on?
It's almost like this stuff is so vague and meaningless that it doesn't really matter which sign you fall under, because it's generic enough to apply in some way to most people. Strange…
(Image via Shutterstock. Thanks to David for the link)
We got a ton of superb entries to our Quantified Self Viz Contest! The submission period is now closed, but you can get in on the action by voting via Twitter for your favorite. The viz with the most tweets will win our crowd favorite prize of $500! Get tweeting now; the voting period ends Thursday at 11pm PST. See all the entries below!
Mark Jackson- The story of my career
Tweet #QSMark
Chris Love- Marathon Scrapbook
Tweet #QSChris
Judy Lucas- I Have a Headache
Tweet #QSJudy
Peter Gilks- 100 Blocks
Tweet #QSPeter
Noel Bautista- Spending Dashboard
Tweet #QSNoel
Eric Jain- Activities & Energy Expenditure
Tweet #QSEric
Vijay Dontharaju- Quantified Self: Facebook Activity
Tweet #QSVijay
Olga Yukelson- My Career
Tweet #QSOlga
Esau V- Tracking Daily Commute in Dallas
Tweet #QSEsau
Craig Dewar- mySelf Travel Story
Tweet #QSCraig
David Andrade- I Am What I Listen To
Tweet #QSDave
Russell Spangler- Quantified Spangler
Tweet #QSRussell
Russian Sphinx- Poor diet
Tweet #QSRussianSphinx
Jeffrey Shaffer- Music Major ~ Data Miner
Tweet #QSJeffrey
Gabriel Gejman- A Year of Breastfeeding
Tweet #QSGabriel
Anna Chan- Foodies
Carl Allchin- The London Runderground
Tweet #QSCarl
Amy Mandler- Blood, sweat, and bers
Tweet #QSAmy
Andre Argenton- Beating Diabetes
Tweet #QSAndre
Nelson Davis- A Week in the Life - Outlook Calendar
Tweet #QSNelson
Jared Kendall- A Viz of Vizzes
Tweet #QSJared
Dan Piecuch- I Love Beer and Pizza
Tweet #QSDan
Bledisloe Cup: Wallabies thrashed by All Blacks 54-34 in series opener in Sydney
Updated
If Australian rugby fans needed any further reminding of the poor state of the game in this country it was provided by the All Blacks, who destroyed the Wallabies 54-34 in their Bledisloe Cup encounter in Sydney.
The final scoreline flattered the Wallabies, who were outclassed at the Olympic stadium by the All Blacks, with the World Cup winners taking their foot off the pedal after they led 54-6 early in the second half courtesy of eight tries.
It was the most points the All Blacks had ever scored against the Wallabies, who eventually grabbed some consolation tries through debutant Curtis Rona, Tevita Kuridrani, Kurtley Beale and Israel Folau.
The night belonged to the All Blacks, who issued a statement of how far they are ahead of their trans-Tasman rivals despite going through the motions for much of the second half.
Australia's provincial teams could not muster a single win against their New Zealand counterparts during the Super Rugby season, an embarrassing statistic which was reflected in the All Blacks' dominance of the Wallabies on Saturday night.
The two sides will meet in the second Bledisloe Cup Test as part of the Rugby Championship in Dunedin next Saturday.
Wallabies captain Michael Hooper was proud of his team's late fight-back, but admitted 39 first-half missed tackles took their toll.
"It is not the start we would have hoped for," he said.
"Being 50 points behind, you start to throw everything we had, I'm so happy with that."
The All Blacks scored six of their tries in the first half, with Rieko Ioane and Ryan Crotty both registering doubles before the break, and Liam Squire and Sonny Bill Williams also touching down for five-pointers.
The contest was already over at half-time when the All Blacks led 40-6 and they moved further ahead inside eight minutes of the resumption of play through converted tries to Damian McKenzie and Ben Smith.
"It's nice to play in when it's coming off like that," All Blacks captain Kieran Read said.
"We obviously came here to try and play our game and it really came off. All the passes stuck and a pretty awesome first half.
"It showed the quality of the Aussie side in the second half to come back there and perhaps we just took the foot off the throat there."
Wallabies show fight too late in the contest
A crowd of just 54,846 spectators, the lowest ever for a Bledisloe Cup match at the Olympic stadium, were witnessing one of the Wallabies' worst performances before Rona finally scored the home side's first try in the 51st minute.
Kuridrani, Beale and Folau followed with their efforts across the stripe but it was clear the All Blacks had shut down, perhaps with their thoughts already turning to the Dunedin encounter in a week's time.
Read conceded the All Blacks would look to improve on producing an 80-minute performance after giving up 28 points in the second half.
"I think in the second half we let frustration strangle us a little bit," he said.
"We just needed to dump that and get back to playing some simple footy. We showed in the first half we really just let the ball do the work, nothing special but it just worked for us.
"I think the first half was good and we were okay in patches of the second half but we conceded 34 points, which means most days of the week you're going to be losing Test matches.
"But you can't fault that first half. It was bloody fantastic."
If history is any guide, the Bledisloe Cup will remain in New Zealand hands for a 15th straight year with the Wallabies having never won a series after losing the first match at home.
ABC/AAP
Topics: rugby-union, sport, sydney-2000, nsw, australia, new-zealand
First posted
Following the UN's call for “more solidarity” between European nations and a “more equitable distribution of refugees”, Justice Minister Mette Frederiksen said on Thursday that Denmark would set its own rules for accepting refugees.
“We want to carry out Danish asylum policies. In this area, we don't wish to choose the European way,” Frederiksen said from Brussels, according to news agency Ritzau.
Frederiksen was in the Belgian capital to meet with her European counterparts. The meeting came on the same day that a UNHCR spokesman told The Local that Europe needs to adopt an agreement that would allow Syrian refugees to legally cross European borders.
With no sign of an end to the Syrian conflict, the UNHCR's William Spindler said it's urgent that European countries find a way to share the refugee burden more equally.
“The attitude now is to shift the problem to somewhere else. We can't continue doing this; we have to show more solidarity within Europe, and between Europe and other countries receiving most refugees,” he said.
Under the EU's Dublin Regulation, Denmark can send asylum seekers back to other EU countries if they registered with authorities there first.
Although Denmark's EU opt-out on justice affairs exempts the country from the Dublin Regulation, Denmark made an additional agreement with the EU to honour the regulation, which states that the member state that stores finger prints on an asylum claim is the country responsible for processing the application.
With most refugees entering Europe from the south, countries like Italy and Greece struggle to keep up and refugees often end up housed in criticizable conditions.
But Frederiksen said that refugees should remain the responsibility of the countries that first handled them.
“Even though there are tough conditions, we need to stand firm on the fact that the country where one first enters is the country where they seek asylum,” the Danish justice minister said.
The investigators are considering the possibility that Fouad K. had up to 230 victims.
Perhaps the greatest serial rapist of all time in Belgium: the police who spoke of 19 known victims on Tuesday, have revised the figure of the Limbourg rapist upwards to 22 victims. And this is provisional: the investigators are considering the possibility that Fouad K. - that is the name of this 36-year-old inhabitant of Malle - had up to 230 victims across Flanders.
We learned yesterday that the Limbourg rapist didn't only use meet-up sites such as Twoo and Badoo to attract his victims. He also used the sexual services (escorts) site Redlights where he used the pseudonym Mark Gigolo.
...And it's thanks to his mobile phone that the investigators know that the rapist had contact with 230 women in 11 months.
...To seduce them, he posted a photo of a racing cyclist. The man, originally from Morocco, presented himself as Italian. He called himself Raf, Rafke, Rafaello, Roberto, Raphaël Bastiaens.
He worked alone. Fouad K. arranged meet-ups in car parks or at the women's homes. A procedure consisted of mixing liquid ecstasy into their drinks, fruit juice, cocktail, limoncello.
His victims lost consciousness. He knew that the XTC was effective for 2 to 3 hours. If the woman woke up too early, he didn't hesitate. He struck them and beat them. But this was rare. In general he had disappeared long before, not before also taking money, bank cards, smartphones, etc.
With a potential 230 victims, he must be one of the greatest serial rapists of all time? Have you seen any discussion of his case in the mainstream media? No. Why do you think that is?
When someone commits suicide, their family and friends can be left with the heartbreaking and answerless question of what they could have done differently. Colin Walsh, data scientist at Vanderbilt University Medical Center, hopes his work in predicting suicide risk will give people the opportunity to ask “what can I do?” while there's still a chance to intervene.
Walsh and his colleagues have created machine-learning algorithms that predict, with unnerving accuracy, the likelihood that a patient will attempt suicide. In trials, results have been 80-90% accurate when predicting whether someone will attempt suicide within the next two years, and 92% accurate in predicting whether someone will attempt suicide within the next week.
The prediction is based on data that's widely available from all hospital admissions, including age, gender, zip codes, medications, and prior diagnoses. Walsh and his team gathered data on 5,167 patients from Vanderbilt University Medical Center that had been admitted with signs of self-harm or suicidal ideation. They read each of these cases to identify the 3,250 instances of suicide attempts.
This set of more than 5,000 cases was used to train the machine to identify those at risk of attempted suicide compared to those who committed self-harm but showed no evidence of suicidal intent. The researchers also built algorithms to predict attempted suicide among a group 12,695 randomly selected patients with no documented history of suicide attempts. It proved even more accurate at making suicide risk predictions within this large general population of patients admitted to the hospital.
Walsh's paper, published in Clinical Psychological Science in April, is just the first stage of the work. He's now working to establish whether his algorithm is effective with a completely different data set from another hospital. And, once confident that the model is sound, Walsh hopes to work with a larger team to establish a suitable method of intervening. He expects to have an intervention program in testing within the next two years. “I'd like to think it'll be fairly quick, but fairly quick in health care tends to be in the order of months,” he adds.
Suicide is such an intensely personal act that it seems, from a human perspective, impossible to make such accurate predictions based on a crude set of data. Walsh says it's natural for clinicians to ask how the predictions are made, but the algorithms are so complex that it's impossible to pull out single risk factors. “It's a combination of risk factors that gets us the answers,” he says.
That said, Walsh and his team were surprised to note that taking melatonin seemed to be a significant factor in calculating the risk. “I don't think melatonin is causing people to have suicidal thinking. There's no physiology that gets us there. But one thing that's been really important to suicide risk is sleep disorders,” says Walsh. It's possible that prescriptions for melatonin capture the risk of sleep disorders—though that's currently a hypothesis that's yet to be proved.
The research raises broader ethical questions about the role of computers in health care and how truly personal information could be used. “There's always the risk of unintended consequences,” says Walsh. “We mean well and build a system to help people, but sometimes problems can result down the line.”
Researchers will also have to decide how many computer-based decisions will determine patient care. As a practicing primary care doctor, Walsh says it's unnerving to recognize that he could effectively follow orders from a machine. “Is there a problem with the fact that I might get a prediction of high risk when that's not part of my clinical picture?” he says. “Are you changing the way I have to deliver care because of something a computer's telling me to do?”
For now, the machine-learning algorithms are based on data from hospital admissions. But Walsh recognizes that many people at risk of suicide do not spend time in hospital beforehand. “So much of our lives is spent outside of the health care setting. If we only rely on data that's present in the health care setting to do this work, then we're only going to get part of the way there,” he says.
And where else could researchers get data? The internet is one promising option. We spend so much time on Facebook and Twitter, says Walsh, that there may well be social media data that could be used to predict suicide risk. “But we need to do the work to show that's actually true.”
Facebook announced earlier this year that it was using its own artificial intelligence to review posts for signs of self-harm. And the results are reportedly already more accurate than the reports Facebook gets from people flagged by their friends as at-risk.
Training machines to identify warning signs of suicide is far from straightforward. And, for predictions and interventions to be done successfully, Walsh believes it's essential to destigmatize suicide. “We're never going to help people if we're not comfortable talking about it,” he says.
But, with suicide leading to 800,000 deaths worldwide every year, this is a public health issue that cannot be ignored. Given that most humans, including doctors, are pretty terrible at identifying suicide risk, machine learning could provide an important solution.
But whatever it was, Cook County State's Attorney Anita Alvarez emerged from Sunday night's CBS "60 Minutes" report (embedded above) on Chicago's history of wrongful convictions looking much, much worse for the wear.
"60 Minutes" reporter Byron Pitts looked at how Chicago has managed to rack up more false convictions than any other city in America in a report that included stirring interviews from men who lost family members, freedom and a significant chunk of their life due to wrongful convictions stemming from police coercion.
Alvarez quickly went off the rails as she defended the police's actions in two cases, including the high-profile 1994 murder of Nina Glover (her clip begins around the 7:30 mark in the embedded video).
Among her biggest blunders: backing a bizarre "necrophilia" theory to explain how the DNA from a convicted rapist -- and not the men forced into confessions -- was found on the victim and throwing cold water on Pitts' suggestion that prosecutors maybe should have been more interested in a convicted serial rapist than a pair of young men whose DNA was absent from the scene. Pitts appeared somewhat incredulous during Alvarez's response.
The Capitol Fax blog and the Sun-Times both featured the video, though the Tribune's Eric Zorn has a transcript of some most cringe-worthy moments from the broadcast.
When Alvarez seemed obstinate on her position, Pitts asked Terrill Swift, one of the men wrongfully convicted, what he would say to the State's Attorney.
"I was wrongfully incarcerated for 15 years, and you're still fighting my innocence," said Swift.
Alvarez spokeswoman Sally Daly told the Sun-Times Monday that her office was "appalled, absolutely, unequivocally appalled by the lack of information [in the ‘60 Minutes' report]" and blamed the broadcast for leaving out essential information about the cases discussed.
"Our office did a very, very thorough, careful review of these cases," Daly told the paper.
Negar Javaherian holds a Bachelor Degree in Stage Design from the School of Art and Architecture at Azad University in Tehran, Iran. She started her acting career in theatre at the age of sixteen. In 2001, at the age of seventeen, she acted in her first film I Am Taraneh, I Am Fifteen Years Old (2002). Since then, she has played in a number of films and theatrical performances.
Her recent films include Howze Naghashi (2013), for which she was nominated for the Best Actress Award by the Asia Pacific Screen Academy (Australia), Here Without Me (2011), for which she won the Best Actress in the Supporting Role at the 15th Cinema Home Ceremony (Iran), Gold and Copper (2011), for which she received the Best Actress in the Leading Role Award at the 28th Fajr Film Festival (Iran) and Before the Burial (2008), for which she was awarded the Best Actress prize at the 11th Osian's Cinefan Festival (India).
Negar Javaherian performed in a theatrical play The Fourth Wall (2012-2013) which was awarded the Best Performance of the Year (Iran). Two theatrical plays, Ivanov (2011) and Where Were You on January 8th? (2010), went on European festival tours. For the latter, she was nominated for the Best Actress Award at the International Fajr Theatre Festival (Iran).
Awards
Best Actress in a Leading Role for Tala va Mes, from 28th Fajr Film Festival, 2010 (1388)
Best Actress in a Leading Role for Tala va Mes, from cinema home ceremony, 2010 (1388)
Sources: imdb.com, Wikipedia | Negar Javaherian
Welcome to Cheat Sheet, our brief breakdown-style reviews of festival films, VR previews, and other special event releases. This review was originally published in September, during Fantastic Fest in Austin, Texas. It is being republished to coincide with the film's wide theatrical release on January 18th, 2018.
In 2014, a ripple of panic went through animation fandom as the media reported that Studio Ghibli, the beloved Japanese production company behind movies like My Neighbor Totoro, Spirited Away, and Kiki's Delivery Service, was shutting down. With the latest retirement of co-founder Hayao Miyazaki (who has retired, then returned to feature animation, multiple times now), the rumor was that the studio would close. The reality has been more complicated. Ghibli still exists, but it hasn't made a new film since 2014's When Marnie Was There. Its roles on other recent projects have varied: advice and support on Michaël Dudok de Wit's feature The Red Turtle, co-production but not animation on the TV series Ronia, The Robber's Daughter. Recently, Miyazaki confirmed he has come out of retirement again for yet another feature, but that one isn't due out until 2019.
So for longtime Ghibli fans, the release of Mary and the Witch's Flower comes as both an immense relief and a significant surprise. Its production company, Studio Ponoc, was founded by Ghibli veteran Yoshiaki Nishimura (producer of the company's When Marnie Was There and The Tale of the Princess Kaguya), and the film features a variety of Ghibli vets. It's no wonder it looks and feels so much like a Ghibli film, from the character designs to the story dynamic to the source material. But given Ghibli's uniqueness in the world, it's still surprising to see another studio so perfectly reproducing all the things that make Ghibli movies magical.
What's the genre?
Children's fantasy adventure. The film is based on The Little Broomstick, a 1971 children's fantasy by author Mary Stewart, best known for her Arthurian trilogy beginning with The Crystal Cave. That's in keeping with Ghibli's habit of adapting fantasy novels, solely by women authors — Eiko Kadono's Kiki's Delivery Service in 1989, Diana Wynne Jones' Howl's Moving Castle in 2004, Ursula K. Le Guin's A Wizard of Earthsea in 2006 (into Tales From Earthsea), Mary Norton's The Borrowers in 2010 (into The Secret World of Arrietty), Joan G. Robinson's When Marnie Was There in 2014. The studio has adapted a short story (Grave of the Fireflies), a comic strip (My Neighbors the Yamadas), and several manga by men (and some manga by women), but for novels, it's strictly stuck to female fantasy authors. In its first outing, Studio Ponoc went to the same vast well.
What's it about?
Mary Smith is living with her great-aunt Charlotte while her parents are immersed in some distant work project. It's the last week of summer, just before school starts, and Mary is bored because virtually all the local kids in the quaint British town of Redmanor are away on vacation. So when she sees a black cat turn to a gray one, she readily follows it into the woods, where she finds a strange glowing blue flower. This, it turns out, is Fly-by-night, or the Witch's Flower. It blooms only once every seven years, it's exceedingly rare, and it's coveted by witches. None of this means much to Mary, until the flower manifests an incredible power through her, leading her on a wild adventure.
Like some of the more expansive Ghibli features (Nausicaä of the Valley of Wind, say, or Howl's Moving Castle), Mary and the Witch's Flower starts in a small domestic place and expands out to a much larger and more intimidating one. It's usually easy to stay about one beat ahead of the story — when Mary discovers a broomstick carved with magical runes, it's clear she's going to be riding it at some point — but it's impossible to predict the story much further out than that, so the fewer viewers know about it going in, the better.
What's it really about?
Knowing yourself, standing up for yourself, having confidence in yourself, not hating or judging yourself because of superficial things like hair color. And if you read between the lines enough, there's certainly a message there about not forcing your choices on other people.
Is it good?
For longtime Ghibli fans who were afraid they were done with new adventures, especially in the Miyazaki mold, it's tremendous. And for people who aren't familiar with Ghibli, but are looking for a beautifully animated, fast-moving adventure fantasy, it's also tremendous. Mary is an approachable, entertaining heroine who starts off the film with some minor self-doubts: she hates her bushy red hair, and she has the usual worries of a kid facing a new school. Later in the film, she veers into some minorly cocky, smug territory when her temporary magical powers earn her some acclaim. But mostly, she's what kids' adventures most often call for: a determined, brave hero who dives into every challenge that awaits her.
And what a world she's diving into. Visually, Mary and the Witch's Flower is indistinguishable from a Ghibli film. Director Hiromasa Yonebayashi also directed Ghibli's When Marnie Was There and The Secret World of Arrietty, and he worked as an animator on Ghibli projects from Spirited Away to Howl's Moving Castle to Ponyo. He gives Mary and the Witch's Flower the same lush, hyper-detailed pastel look. (Just as in Ghibli films, it's notable here how easily viewers can distinguish the air bubbles in a slice of bread, the fat marbling in a slice of meat, even the tiny fibrous ribs in Brussels sprout leaves. The environments are immaculate and luminous, but the food in particular looks like a series of still-life paintings ready for a museum.) His co-writer, Riko Sakaguchi, is also a Ghibli vet (on Tale of the Princess Kaguya), and he gives the story a familiar arc of self-discovery, as Mary moves from self-doubt to world-doubt to understanding and accepting the responsibilities her actions have caused.
The one major flaw in Mary and the Witch's Flower might be that its particulars are too familiar for longtime Ghibli fans. The recognizable character designs are reassuring, but they can also feel recycled, as when one of the villains has roughly the same face as Kamaji, the many-armed boiler operator in Spirited Away. For that matter, Mary's climb up a scary cliffside staircase and her quiet late-film visit to a house surrounded by water both closely evoke Spirited Away. So does the blobby, rapacious, all-consuming monster that shows up in the third act, much like No Face in Spirited Away. There are all sorts of familiar Ghibli images in Mary, from a dancing, talking flame that recalls Calcifer in Howl's Moving Castle to Mary's broom-riding adventures and black cat familiar, so reminiscent of Kiki's Delivery Service. Generous viewers will call it all homage, with Studio Ponoc's creators acknowledging where they came from, and filling their story with in-jokes. Less generous viewers could understandably consider it theft, or just a sign of limited creativity.
But one thing that distinguishes Mary and the Witch's Flower from most Ghibli movies is that it does have recognizable villains. Their motives are perhaps a little gentler than those of a standard Western animation antagonist. Mary's antagonists aren't out to destroy or rule the world, and they think their cause is just. But they aren't just mildly misunderstood, and they aren't quickly defanged into friendly figures, like so many Ghibli bad guys. They're strange and cruel and dangerous, and that gives Mary and the Witch's Flower a touch of tough edge.
But that edge doesn't take the film away from Ghibli's long-standing covenant of joy, where at heart, the story is about excitement, wonder, and exploring the world. For that matter, Studio Ponoc has seized on other elements that have always obsessed Miyazaki, particularly the thrill of flight, and the unpredictable, sensual power of magical transformation. Mary and the Witch's Flower doesn't just borrow elements from Ghibli, it feels like a complete continuation of the studio's work. It's a welcome relief for every animation fan who thought that particular era of Japanese animation had, after 30 years, quietly come to a close.
What should it be rated?
Like Studio Ghibli's movies, this is an entirely kid-friendly film. The littlest audience members may find some scares in the movie's monsters, but if they were okay with Ponyo or Howl's Moving Castle, they should be okay here. Call it a G.
How can I actually watch it?
New York-based animation distributor GKIDS picked up the North American distribution rights. The film had a limited theatrical release in late 2017 in order to qualify for the Academy Awards. It will be released in American theaters on January 18th.
World of Resistance Report: Financial Institutions Fear Global Revolution
In Part 1 of the WoR Report, I examined Zbigniew Brzezinski's warnings to elites around the world of the “global political awakening” of humanity. In Part 2, I looked at the relationship between inequality and social instability, and in Part 3 I examined the World Economic Forum's warnings of growing inequality and the “lost generation” of youth who pose the greatest threat to oligarchic interests around the world. In this fourth installment in the series, we turn to reports from top banks and financial institutions warning about the growing threats to their interests posed by an increasingly disenfranchised and impoverished population – manifested in protests, strikes and social unrest.
In November of 2011, Bob Diamond, the CEO of one of the world's largest banks, Barclays, stated in a speech: “We've seen violent protests in Greece, public sector strikes across Europe, [and] anti-capitalist demonstrations that started on Wall Street have spread to other places around the world.” Diamond added: “Young people have been especially hit hard by high levels of unemployment. The threat of further social unrest remains if we don't work together to generate stronger economic growth and more jobs.”
A March 2013 report by senior economic adviser George Magnus of UBS Investment Research, entitled “Social Unrest and Economic Stress: Europe's Angst, and China's Fear,” noted that “the wave of social unrest that rumbled across Europe between 2008 and 2011 has become less intense... [and] has come as a cause for relief in financial markets.” Yet, he wrote, the occasional upsurge in large-scale national and European-wide anti-austerity protests and strikes “signifies the deep malaise in the complex and fragile trust relationship between European citizens and their governments and institutions.” Since 2010, approximately 13 out of 19 E.U. governments had been voted out of office or had collapsed, indicating that “public anger... is far from dormant, and its expression is mostly unpredictable.”
Social unrest, added the UBS report, “is a systemic phenomenon” that is “highly uncertain, complex and ambiguous,” and which can lead “to the toppling of governments, or even political systems.” Social unrest across the E.U. “has been notable more for the public expression of lack of trust in the institutions of government, including in Brussels,” the headquarters of the European Union.
This “lull” in social unrest, warned Magnus, “is most likely deceptive.” The present problem in Europe “is the same” as the main problems in Europe of the 1930s – when mass poverty, unemployment and social unrest led to the rise of fascism. The underlying problem in both eras was “the inadequacy of mainstream, political channels to address rising public concern about the loss of economic security, social stability and, yes, cultural identity.”
Citing an OECD study, the bank report noted that “austerity has gone hand-in-hand with a variety of forms of social and political instability, and politically-motivated violence.” There have been "heightened levels of social unrest and shocks to the political system in Greece, Spain, Portugal and Italy... sometimes requiring the force of the state to suppress it.” These are especially important matters for banks to pay attention to, since the European debt crisis was caused primarily by the big banks – and the austerity and "structural reform" policies (along with the bailouts that accompanied them) were designed for the benefit of those banks as well. Thus, resistance to austerity and "reform" is, in effect, resistance to the bailouts for the big banks.
In May of 2013, JPMorgan Chase released a report, “The Euro Area Adjustment: About Halfway There,” which assessed "progress" in the European Union on the issue of austerity and structural reform. The “adjustment” of European society, claimed the report, was “about halfway done on average,” noting that the process would continue for much of the rest of the decade although it faced major challenges, including the development of “new institutions” in the E.U. and what the bank called “national legacy problems.” This vague term referred to “the constitutions and political settlements in the southern periphery [of the E.U.], put in place in the aftermath of the fall of fascism, [which] have a number of features which appear to be unsuited to further integration in the region.”
Just what does this mean? The bank explained that “fiscal austerity” was likely to be a major feature in the E.U. “for a very extended period.” However, if the European Monetary Union is to survive the coming decade, “deep seated political problems in the periphery... need to change.” But what precisely are these “deep seated problems”? The bank elaborated that many of the southern periphery states' constitutions “tend to show a strong socialist influence,” referring to the fact that many constitutions guaranteed various social rights for populations, including labor, healthcare and educational and civil rights.
Further, the bank reported that many of these nations suffer from the following features: “Weak executives; weak central states relative to regions; constitutional protection of labor rights; consensus building systems... and the right to protest if unwelcome changes are made to the political status quo.” The translation: democracy itself is the problem. As such, JPMorgan noted, “the process of political reform has barely begun.” In other words, out with democracy and in with financial and corporate oligarchy.
The bank's report also noted that there were a number of potential threats as the process of “political reform” advanced, including “the collapse of several reform minded governments in the European south,” a “collapse in support for the Euro or the E.U.,” the possibility of “an outright electoral victory for radical anti-European parties,” or perhaps even “the effective ungovernability of some Member States once social costs (particularly unemployment) pass a particular level.” JPMorgan Chase warned that while there wasn't a current situation of “ungovernability” in E.U. states, the longer-term prospects were “hard to predict, and a more pronounced backlash to the current approach to crisis management cannot be excluded.”
AXA, one of the world's largest financial institutions and insurance companies, published a report in July of 2013 written by Manolis Davradakis, entitled “Emerging Unrest: Looking for a Pattern,” which expressed particular concerns and perspectives on the issue of social unrest. The report noted that emerging market economies “are currently experiencing a surge in political risk due to social unrest that is being fueled by reasons that differ from those that resulted in the Arab Spring.”
The “main cause” of unrest in emerging market nations was “the rise of the middle class,” as this portion of the population “realize that they continue to experience the same everyday problems as poorer population strata, namely a high crime rate, poor public services, and corruption.” The report cited examples of social unrest in Turkey and Brazil, warning that these countries could see their credit ratings cut if the social upheaval is “lasting.”
The AXA report referred to the multiple episodes of unrest across emerging market nations in the summer of 2013 as “riots,” stating that they had several points in common, namely that “they were sparked by a government decision affecting daily life” and that the protesters were “not affiliated with political parties or movements” but instead were “well educated members of the middle class.” These factors were reminiscent of the massive unrest that took place in the advanced economies during the 19th century when emerging middle classes were struggling “for better living standards and more representation in political governance.”
Beyond a certain point, warned AXA, “repressing mass demands for a more open society becomes costly and economically ineffective.” A government's inability or lack of will “to acknowledge the people's right to freedom of expression and a voice in decision-making is a source of social unrest.”
AXA devised a Poor Governance Index (PGI), analyzing seven key indicators that could lead to social unrest, and concluded that the potential for instability in the BRIC nations – Brazil, Russia, India and China – was quite high. It also cited increased potential for unrest in Egypt, Ukraine, Indonesia, South Africa, Tunisia and Turkey, warning that such unrest “may have implications for emerging market [credit] ratings." It noted that several credit ratings agencies had already warned about the effects that “prolonged social unrest” could have on the ratings for Turkey and Brazil.
Going further, in July of 2013, Stephen D. King, chief economist of HSBC bank, warned that growing wealth gaps and increasing divisions between generations could result in youth uprisings similar to the Peasants Revolt of the Middle Ages. King commented: “I am intrigued at the moment that the youth are quite peaceful, and I wonder whether that might change. It is very difficult to predict but youth movements might become more focused on their own rights rather than the economy.”
In October of 2013, King wrote an op-ed for the New York Times in which he warned that as bad as things already were, “they are going to get much worse, for the United States and other advanced economies, in the years ahead,” writing that both sides of the North Atlantic region had “already succumbed to a Japan-style ‘lost decade'” in which “promises can no longer be met, mistrust spreads and markets malfunction.” King wrote that “facing the pain will not be easy,” especially as policymakers continue to “opt for the illusion” and “pray for a strong recovery... because the reality is too bleak to bear.”
The “bleak” reality is that these and other big banks and financial institutions have repeatedly collapsed the global economy and profited along the way, punishing entire societies and populations into poverty through a process of plundering and exploitation as governments feared the wrath of “financial markets.” The banks that are now bigger, more dangerous and more powerful than ever fear the growing discontent, unrest and resistance of populations – especially the youth. The world's major financial institutions fear that the global economic system which they helped to create, and over which they rule, will ultimately come back to haunt them in the form of mass social unrest, potentially undermining their power and the system as a whole.
Andrew Gavin Marshall is a researcher and writer based in Montreal, Canada. He is project manager of The People's Book Project, chair of the geopolitics division of The Hampton Institute, research director for Occupy.com's Global Power Project and World of Resistance Report, and hosts a weekly podcast show with BoilingFrogsPost.
TUESDAY, Oct. 9 (HealthDay News) -- A marijuana extract appears to ease painful muscle stiffness in people with multiple sclerosis, according to a new British study.
Muscle stiffness -- which affects up to 90 percent of multiple sclerosis (MS) patients during the course of their disease -- reduces mobility, interferes with daily routines and affects sleep. Current treatments often fail to fully relieve symptoms and many MS patients try alternative therapies, including marijuana.
In the new study, which included nearly 300 adults with MS from 22 treatment centers in the United Kingdom, patients with stable disease were randomly selected to receive either an extract of the active chemical in marijuana (tetrahydrocannabinol) or an inactive placebo each day for 12 weeks.
The treatments were given in gradually increasing daily doses, from 5 milligrams up to a maximum of 25 mg for two weeks, followed by maintenance doses for the remaining 10 weeks, according to the report published in the Oct. 8 issue of the Journal of Neurology, Neurosurgery and Psychiatry.
After 12 weeks, muscle stiffness was eased in about 30 percent of the patients taking the marijuana extract and just less than 16 percent of those taking the placebo, the researchers reported.
The difference in relief of muscle stiffness was evident after four and eight weeks, and also included improvements in pain, muscle spasms and sleep quality at all points in the study.
The findings suggest that the marijuana extract could be a useful treatment for muscle problems in MS patients and could provide effective pain relief, especially for those in considerable pain, researcher John Peter Zajicek, of the University of Plymouth in the United Kingdom, and colleagues, pointed out in a journal news release.
Side effects noted in those treated with the marijuana extract were "consistent with the known side effects" of marijuana use, including dizziness, problems with attention and balance, sleepiness, dry mouth, nausea, diarrhea, fatigue and confusion, the researchers pointed out in the report.
"No new safety concerns were observed," however, the study authors added.
More information
The U.S. National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke has more about multiple sclerosis.
The element or surprise.
Vic Spencer has had a banner year. But if you've been watching FSD or Vic, you know that already. From his critically acclaimed collab album with Chris Crack, to the recent release St. Gregory opus — this man has been working. But just dropping music doesn't mean anything if it's not dope. Thankfully that's not a problem for the V-I-C.
So to prove just how good at this sport he is, Mr. Spencer connected with storied internet icon Big Ghost LTD for the new 11-song project, The Ghost of Living. Get it? If not, do your Googles. Ghost did every beat, while Vic handles almost all the vocals (sans a few features).
Only Vic and Ghost could pull something so fresh out of the blue like this — and today it's our pleasure to bring it to you. Stream it below, or buy it right here. Hey, it's the perfect holiday gift.
Spurred on by neocons and liberal war hawks, the Obama administration lurches toward a dangerous escalation of tensions with nuclear-armed Russia, while the American people are again fed a steady diet of propaganda that is challenged by a new book on the Ukraine crisis, reviewed by David Swanson.
By David Swanson
I'm not sure if there's been a better written book published yet this year than Ukraine: Zbig's Grand Chessboard and How the West Was Checkmated, but I'm confident there's not been a more important one. With some 17,000 nuclear bombs in the world, the United States and Russia have about 16,000 of them. The United States is aggressively flirting with World War III, the people of the United States have not the foggiest notion of how or why, and authors Natylie Baldwin and Kermit Heartsong explain it all quite clearly. Go ahead and tell me there's nothing you're now spending your time on that's less important than this.
This book puts all the relevant facts, those I knew and many I didn't, together concisely and with perfect organization. It does it with an informed worldview. It leaves me nothing to complain about at all, which is almost unheard of in my book reviews. I find it refreshing to encounter writers so well-informed who also grasp the significance of their information.
Nearly half the book is used to set the context for recent events in Ukraine. It's useful to understand the end of the cold war, the irrational hatred of Russia that pervades elite U.S. thinking, and the patterns of behavior that are replaying themselves now at higher volume. Stirring up fanatical fighters in Afghanistan and Chechnya and Georgia, and targeting Ukraine for similar use: this is a context CNN won't provide. The partnership of the neocons (in arming and provoking violence in Libya) with the humanitarian warriors (in riding to the rescue for regime change): this is a precedent and a model that NPR won't mention. The U.S. promise not to expand NATO, the U.S. expansion of NATO to 12 new countries right up to the border of Russia, the U.S. withdrawal from the ABM Treaty and pursuit of “missile defense”, this is background that Fox News would never deem significant.
U.S. support for the rule of criminal oligarchs willing to sell off Russian resources, and Russian resistance to those schemes, such accounts are almost incomprehensible if you've consumed too much U.S. “news,” but are explained and documented well by Baldwin and Heartsong.
This book includes excellent background on the use and abuse of Gene Sharp (an American advocate of non-violent struggle) and the color revolutions instigated by the U.S. government. A silver lining may be found, I think, in the value of nonviolent action recognized by all involved, whether for good or ill. The same lesson can be found (for good this time) in the civilian resistance to Ukrainian troops in the spring of 2014, and the refusal of (some) troops to attack civilians.
The Orange Revolution in Ukraine in 2004, the Rose Revolution in Georgia in 2003, and Ukraine II in 2013-2014 are recounted well, including detailed chronology. It's truly remarkable how much has been publicly reported that remains buried.
Western leaders met repeatedly in 2012 and 2013 to plot the fate of Ukraine. Neo-Nazis from Ukraine were sent to Poland to train for a coup. NGOs operating out of the U.S. Embassy in Kiev organized trainings for coup participants. On Nov. 24, 2013, three days after Ukraine refused an IMF deal, including refusing to sever ties to Russia, protesters in Kiev began to clash with police.
The protesters used violence, destroying buildings and monuments, and tossing Molotov cocktails, but President Obama warned the Ukrainian government not to respond with force. (Contrast that with the treatment of the Occupy movement, or the shooting on Capitol Hill of the woman who made an unacceptable U-turn in her car with her baby.)
U.S.-funded groups organized a Ukrainian opposition, funded a new TV channel, and promoted regime change. The U.S. State Department spent some $5 billion. U.S. Assistant Secretary of State Victoria Nuland, who handpicked the new leaders, openly brought cookies to protesters. When those protesters violently overthrew the government in February 2014, the United States immediately declared the coup government legitimate.
That new government banned major political parties, and attacked, tortured, and murdered their members. The new government included neo-Nazis and would soon include officials imported from the United States. The new government banned the Russian language, the first language of many Ukrainian citizens. Russian war memorials were destroyed. Russian-speaking populations were attacked and murdered.
Crimea, an autonomous region of Ukraine, had its own parliament, had been part of Russia from 1783 until 1954, had publicly voted for close ties to Russia in 1991, 1994, and 2008, and its parliament had voted to rejoin Russia in 2008. On March 16, 2014, 82 percent of Crimeans took part in a referendum, and 96 percent of them voted to rejoin Russia. This nonviolent, bloodless, democratic and legal action, in no violation of a Ukrainian constitution that had been shredded by a violent coup, was immediately denounced in the West as a Russian “invasion” of Crimea.
Novorossiyans, too, sought independence and were attacked by the new Ukrainian military the day after CIA Director John Brennan visited Kiev and ordered that crime. I know that the Fairfax County Police who have kept me and my friends away from John Brennan's house in Virginia have had no clue what hell he was unleashing on helpless people thousands of miles away. But that ignorance is at least as disturbing as informed malice would be.
Civilians were attacked by jets and helicopters for months in the worst killing in Europe since World War II. Russian President Putin repeatedly pressed for peace, a ceasefire, negotiations. A ceasefire finally came on Sept. 5, 2014.
Remarkably, contrary to what we've all been told, Russia didn't invade Ukraine any of the numerous times we were told that it had just done so. We've graduated from mythical weapons of mass destruction, through mythical threats to Libyan civilians, and false accusation of chemical weapons use in Syria, to false accusations of launching invasions that were never launched. The “evidence” of the invasion(s) was carefully left devoid of location or any verifiable detail, but has all been decidedly debunked anyway.
The downing of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 on July 17, 20114, a passenger plane carrying 298 people, was blamed on Russia with no evidence. The U.S. has information on what happened but won't release it. Russia released what it had, and the evidence, in agreement with eyewitnesses on the ground, and in agreement with an air-traffic controller at the time, is that the plane was shot down by one or more other planes. “Evidence” that Russia shot the plane down with a missile has been exposed as sloppy forgeries. The vapor trail that a missile would have left was reported by not a single witness.
Baldwin and Heartsong close with the case that U.S. actions have backfired, that in fact whether the people of the United States have any idea what is going on or not, the power brokers in Washington have Second Amendmented themselves in the foot. Sanctions against Russia have made Putin as popular at home as George W. Bush was after he'd managed to exist as president while planes were flown into the World Trade Center.
The same sanctions have strengthened Russia by turning it toward its own production and toward alliances with non-Western nations. Ukraine has suffered, and Europe suffers from a cut-off of Russian gas, while Russia makes deals with Turkey, Iran and China. Evicting a Russian base from Crimea seems more hopeless now than before this madness began.
Russia is leading the way as more nations abandon the U.S. dollar. Retaliatory sanctions from Russia are hurting the West. Far from isolated, Russia is working with the BRICS nations, the Shanghai Cooperation Organization, and other alliances. Far from impoverished, Russia is buying up gold while the U.S. sinks into debt and is increasingly viewed by the world as a rogue player, and resented by Europe for depriving Europe of Russian trade.
This story begins in the irrationality of collective trauma coming out of the holocaust of World War II and of blind hatred for Russia. It must end with the same irrationality. If U.S. desperation leads to war with Russia in Ukraine or elsewhere along the Russian border where NATO is engaging in various war games and exercises, there may be no more human stories ever told or heard.
Tableau 9.1 makes data accessible wherever it lives.
A new Web Data Connector lets you bring any web data source into Tableau. Find prebuilt connectors from Tableau and the community, or write your own.
Create and use Tableau Data Extracts across Tableau Desktop, Online, and Server. Our unified SDK lets you automate your workflow; connect to data, extract, and publish.
Connect to Amazon Aurora, a fast relational database-as-a-service from Amazon Web Services.
Connect to Google Cloud SQL, a feature-filled MySQL database hosted in the cloud.
Microsoft Azure SQL Data Warehouse Connect to the Microsoft Azure SQL Data Warehouse, a fully-managed petabyte-scale relational data warehouse-as-a-service. Spark on Microsoft Azure HDInsight Connect easily to your Microsoft Azure-hosted Spark cluster to enable analysts, developers and data scientists to interactively explore large data sets and data models. Microsoft Azure SQL Database Connect natively to Microsoft Azure SQL Database, the relational database-as-a-service.
“I am hip-hop!”–KRS-One
“I am Oscar Grant!”–anonymous graffiti
As the Oscar Grant saga has played out over the past 22 months, the Bay Area hip-hop community–a multiethnic, multigenerational coalition of musicians, visual artists, activists, students and ‘hood kids–has stood at the forefront of the movement to hold police accountable for his death. Within a day of the New Year's morning 2009 shooting, Oakland rapper Mistah F.A.B. and singer Jennifer Johns recorded a tribute song, which addressed not only the shooting, but the larger issue of violent deaths of young black men at the hands of police.
Over the past months, F.A.B. and Johns' initial response has grown in the hip-hop world to encompass rallies, benefit concerts, panel discussions and lectures, spoken word ciphers, blog and vlog posts, even bike rides in honor of Grant's memory. When former transit cop Johannes Mehserle's trial was moved from Alameda County to Los Angeles, youth activists and organizers in L.A. picketed daily in front of the courthouse. It's not a stretch to say that Grant has become the Lil' Bobby Hutton of his generation–a young black man, killed by a police bullet, who has become representative of a larger struggle for self-determination.
“People have kept Oscar Grant on the public's mind,” says Boots Riley of the Coup.
So, why? What has made Oscar Grant so resonate within the hip-hop community?
For one, as Riley says, “There's no sidestepping the egregiousness of the act. It was a brutal murder.” But Grant's youthfulness also can't be ignored. Just 22 when he was killed, Grant was part of the hip-hop demographic. When other youth looked at pictures of him, they saw themselves, their siblings and their friends reflected in his toothy grin, black hoodie and watch cap.
Police accountability has long been a theme in hip-hop. For decades, rappers have decried racial profiling, brutality and corruption by law enforcement officers. Yet those efforts have been undermined on a national level by rightwing coalitions whose targeting of gangsta rap has also caught activist emcees in their crosshairs. By focusing on violent, sexually explicit lyrical content, hip-hop's critics have muddled rap's accountability message–while major labels, commercial radio and cable TV have shied away from promoting political themes in rap. As Mistah F.A.B. says of his Grant tribute (“My Life”), “The major corporations who have the ability, they're not gonna play a song like that. That's the last thing they want to do, is rally the troops.”
But while hip-hop's engagement around police accountability may not have coalesced into a national movement, it has taken hold in the Bay Area's activist-infused environment, where social justice and hip-hop have long overlapped.
The Bay's unique combination of street-level organizing and numerous independent hip-hop groups that are unafraid to express themselves politically has come together around Oscar Grant. According to Riley, “The organizing hasn't really stopped.” He adds: “I don't accept this idea that people are apathetic.”
The legacy of Black Power is well-evident in Oakland, where ex-Black Panthers have become parents, in many cases, of hip-hop generationers. Add the Bay's history of radical labor and student protest movements, and you have an explanation of why its hip-hop community has maintained a grassroots awareness and political consciousness not always present in major urban areas.
The Panther influence has clearly rubbed off on rappers like F.A.B., who says he recorded the Grant tribute out of respect and concern for the community. “Instead of going out and ignoring [the issue],” he says, “I felt I needed to bring awareness to it outside of Oakland, Calif., and outside of the Bay Area.”
F.A.B. adds that while he's known for his street anthems and party songs, “There are many people who don't know that I do conscious songs, uplifting songs, community awareness songs.” His tribute to Grant, he says, “got great reviews from family members and close friends of his.” And he certainly helped bring national attention to the cause by wearing an Oscar Grant t-shirt during an appearance on BET.
But F.A.B. wasn't just riding the Grant bandwagon to boost his own fame. He solidified his grassroots status by appearing at a rally held at the site of Grant's death–the Fruitvale BART station–a week after the incident, when the community was still in uproar and before Mehserle had been charged with a crime.
Other local musicians, including Zion-I and Kev Choice, volunteered their services to perform at subsequent justice rallies held in downtown Oakland, where many of the crowd donned Oscar Grant masks. I am Oscar Grant.
When ranks of police assembled in the Oakland streets, a young, dreadlocked African-American man bravely confronted a phalanx of officers dressed in full riot gear. Laying down in front of the officers with his hands behind his back, symbolically recreating Grant's last action before his death, the gesture made for a powerful image, one widely circulated by mainstream media outlets. It was a scene reminiscent of the student who faced the tanks at Tiananmen Square–with a hip-hop twist.
In the weeks and months that followed, F.A.B. was joined by many other Bay Area rappers who also referenced Grant in song, from socially-conscious artists like Choice, Ise Lyfe, Native Guns, D Labrie, and The Burnerz to turf-identified rappers not usually associated with cries for justice, like AP.9
and Beeda Weeda. Instead of telling us to dance, sell drugs, get stupid, or wear clothes we can't possibly afford, the emcees who tackled the Grant topic were reporters for GNN–Ghetto News Network–giving listeners a street-level perspective sorely lacking in much of the mainstream press coverage.
Their influence eventually extended across cyberspace–over 2,400 YouTube videos were tagged with “Oscar Grant” and everyone from Pittsburgh rapper Jasiri X to the Vancouver website GetGrounded to the Helsinki music blog Multitunes weighed in on the issue. As the legal process played out, constant hip-hop updates reacting to new developments in the case–from the shooting to the verdict to the sentencing–kept the community engaged.
Grant's memory was also kept alive by the efforts of numerous graffiti artists; the motto “I Am Oscar Grant!” began appearing all over Oakland, along with aerosol renditions of Grant's now-iconic face. One of the more notable visual representations of the Grant movement was a huge mural painted on plywood sheets–ironically erected to deter possible rioters–at the Youth Radio offices at the corner of 19th Street and Broadway. The mural's creators, known collectively as Trust Your Struggle, are a multiethnic group of artists, activists and graphic designers who had painted another mural in New York after they heard the news of the shooting.
Another example of hip-hop activism around Oscar Grant has been the numerous community-engaging events thrown by West Oakland non-profit Bikes 4 Life. In July, B4L's annual “Peace Ride” led a 300-strong contingent of cyclists to the Fruitvale BART station for a candlelight vigil.
“We see ourselves as agents for change,” explains B4L founder Tony Coleman. “Everything that we do, since we hip-hop, it just has that flava. And we use that to our benefit, because we're able to reach those other folks that are also a part of that hip-hop culture.”
What differentiates Oscar Grant from Bobby Hutton, Sean Bell, Amadou Diallo, Michael Stewart, Aiyana Stanley-Jones and the many others who have died at the hands of police is the fact that his death was captured on video and posted on the Internet for the world to see. This, too, speaks to Grant's relevance to the hip-hop generation.
Since its inception, one of hip-hop culture's underlying themes has been repurposing technology as a tool for community empowerment. In an age of cell-phone cameras, social media and viral Internet memes, technology in the hands of the people has the potential to impact both the legal system and mainstream media perspectives–as the Grant case has shown.
The emergence of eyewitness videos depicting the events leading up to the shooting, as well as the actual incident, not only fueled public outrage, but changed the tone of media reportage around the case. Had Karina Vargas and the other BART passengers who documented the events that fateful New Year's Day acceded to police demands to hand over the footage, it's not only possible, but probable that Mehserle never would have been brought to trial.
During the trial, defense attorney Michael Rains' tactics were fairly typical of such cases. Grant, he seemed to argue, was a petty thug whose disobedience caused his own death. But the most powerful testimony of all remains in the public mind. Over and over again, civilian videos have contradicted police testimony. Grant's uncle Bobby Johnson has said the picture taken with Grant's own cell phone, showing Mehserle with his Taser drawn minutes before he un-hosltered his handgun, is what ultimately brought some measure of justice for his nephew.
Mehserle's conviction, even for the minimum charge of involuntary manslaughter, will be remembered as a win for the police accountability movement. But it's also a win for the hip-hop community. The fact that hip-hop has continued to organize around Oscar Grant for almost two years restores faith in the culture's ability to promote social change, if not systemic reform.
A solar installation in a low-income neighborhood of Oakland, California.
By Barbara Grady
As the price of solar powered electricity keeps falling and rooftop panels pop up in an increasing number of neighborhoods, an interesting thing is shaping up in the market.
Residential solar is no longer for just well-to-do homeowners. Indeed, the growth market in solar is median- and low-income neighborhoods in California and other locales, according to multiple recent reports.
In 2015, a full 65 percent of residential solar getting installed in California was in zip codes with median household incomes of $70,000 or less, while just 6 percent of installations in the state were happening in neighborhoods with median household incomes above $100,000, according to a report from Kevala Analytics.
A surge in solar adoption — as well as a shift in where that adoption is taking place — is driven by economics that make solar the money saving option for electricity rate payers and by policies that offer flexible ways for people to benefit from solar.
In California, Massachusetts, New York, Colorado, the District of Columbia, Maryland and some other places, policies that extend the reach of solar to renters and residents without rooftops are widening the market for individual and community installations alike. Financing mechanisms prevalent in some markets but not in others have also made it possible for people to opt for solar without requiring they have money for big upfront costs.
Federal policies adopted in the last couple of years, such as Property Assessed Clean Energy loan funds, and National Community Solar programs have helped.
However, more widespread use of policies that democratize solar are needed, say three organizations that this week are publishing "Low Income Solar Policy Guide: A road map to successful policies and programs creating access to solar technology and jobs nationwide."
In it, GRID Alternatives, Vote Solar and the Center for Social Inclusion discuss policies and financing mechanisms that work and why.
"The average cost of a solar electric system has dropped in half since 2010 alone, putting this once-expensive technology within reach of middle-income Americans and driving a surge in solar adoption," they write, noting that the amount of solar installed across the country is ten times what it was five years ago.
"However, there remains a real need for policies that effectively overcome the unique barriers faced by low income Americans in order to ensure that our transition to renewables is transformative for both our planet and our communities," it continues.
The groups are presenting their report amid policymakers in Washington, D.C. today. Yesterday they released the document to legislators from New York state. And they created an online tool LowIncomeSolar.orgfor access to their recommendations.
In interviews with GreenBiz, principals of GRID Alternatives and Vote Solar spoke of the most effective tools.
"Virtual net metering and community shared solar" are two very key policies that are driving the market to a wider audience, said Sean Garren, Northeast regional manager for Vote Solar, and specifically bringing solar within reach to low income residents.
Net metering solutions allow people with rooftop solar systems to sell the excess generated electricity they don't use back to the grid in exchange for credits or discounts on the electricity they draw from the grid when the sun isn't shining.
Then "virtual net metering" is what's used when a building has many dwelling units and the residents might be renters.
For instance, SolarCity offers a virtual net metering service marketed to affordable housingdevelopers, schools and others. Through it, SolarCity finances and installs solar power systems on affordable housing rooftops or carports or gardens. Then, electricity generated by the solar power is distributed among the housing units and residents receive credits on their utility bills based on the amount of solar electricity allocated to their units.
Relatedly, shared solar or community shared solar "is a door opener" to solar for low income people who might have reason to think of roof top installations. People living on 2nd floor of a 7-story building, for instance, cannot put solar on their roof. But they can participate in a community shared solar when panels are placed atop of the entire building or in a nearby empty lot they have shared rights to.
Companies are very interested in serving the median and low income markets, said Stan Greschner, vice president of GRID Alternatives. For one, it is a huge market. Across the U.S., 22 million homes are considered low income because the household income is 80 percent of the median in the area. In addition, there are 6 million affordable housing units in the U.S.
"The state of play today and in the past 12 months is that low income solar has become a nationally discussed issue — everyone is interested," Greschner said.
"Our interest in developing this guide is to (join) the bonanza of all that interest and stakeholders," he added.
But the market barriers are different. Lack of homeownership is only one issue. Another is that a home may need a new roof first or that the residents have no credit history for borrowing money.
Policies differ widely from state to state and market to market. Solar is a cheaper electricity option in one state while over the border it is costly. Or even within one state over time: witness the change in Nevada that made solar go from a money saving to a money costing service. That's why some solar advocacy groups lately decided to lay out the road map.
Low Income Solar Policy Guide was issued with the thinking that solar companies could learn about good markets and that policymakers in one state could learn from the next: Pennsylvania could learn from the policies in neighboring New York where solar adoption is high; Kansas could learn from Colorado and Nevada or Arizona from California.
The tools
Beyond net metering and shared solar listed as compensation mechanisms, the Guide lists the role of state tax credits, rebate programs and the federal Investment Tax Credit as direct incentives.
Policies that widen the market also include financing mechanisms.
Property Assessed Clean Energy loans, backed by the government, have been substantial drivers of solar, letting homeowners choose solar even when they don't have funds for the upfront costs, by letting the installation costs be gradually withdrawn from property taxes.
But since many low income people are not property owners, community based financing tools play a significant role. So-called Community Purchase programs let many individuals all contribute small amounts to a solar project and over time the job is done.
Green Banks have been set up in Connecticut, Hawaii and New York. They are a hybrid private sector and public institution with state guarantees backing private loans to housing developers and the like for renewable adoption.
In Hawaii, for example, the Hawaii Green Infrastructure Authority, Hawaii's green bank, partnered with the State Energy Office to set up a program of raising capital through issuing highly rated bonds, guaranteed by the green infrastructure fees assessed to all electric customers, to make loans to customers for solar projects.
Here is a list of the tools recommended in the Low Income Solar Policy Guide:
Federal and state tax credits
Renewable energy rebates and renewable energy credits.
On-bill recovery, in which a solar customer pays off the cost of installation slowly as a fee on their utility bills.
Leasing in which the solar electric system is leased rather than purchased and the owner pays monthly for the electricity derived from it.
Property Assessed Clean Energy (described above)
Community Purchase Programs in which members in a neighborhood or community group pool their resources to get better rates on solar for a group ownership of a distributed system.
Community Development Finance Institutions and community reinvestment, wherein financing a solar power system is helped by county or state community reinvestment dollars.
Green Banks
Grants and technical assistance
Place-based investments
Yellen: US economy has recovered more quickly than Europe 12:05 PM ET Wed, 15 Feb 2017 | 01:16
Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen acknowledged that the economy is weak, but said Fed policies have been a help, not a hindrance.
Since the central bank enacted historically accommodative policies following the 2008 financial crisis, the U.S. actually has grown faster than most other parts of the world and has a strong banking system, she said.
"The economy has recovered more quickly, for example, than ... European Union economies have in the aftermath of the crisis," Yellen said during her second day of congressional testimony Wednesday. "The Federal Reserve has put in place highly accommodative monetary policies meant to spur spending in the economy and restore low unemployment or to achieve the goal of maximizing employment and price stability as assigned to us by Congress."
"I believe we're coming very close to achieving those objectives, and monetary policy remains accommodative," she added.
Yet overall growth remains weak, with the economy failing to break 3 percent for any single year during the recovery.
Though the U.S. has added about 16 million jobs since the 2010 peak in unemployment, wage gains have been meager and paychecks in inflation-adjusted terms actually are lower than they were pre-crisis.
"Economic growth has been quite disappointing," she said.
Yellen faced more intense grilling from House members than she did before the Senate on Tuesday. Several members questioned her about the pace of economic growth compared to the extreme measures that the Fed has instituted, including seven years of near-zero rates and a balance sheet that has soared to $4.5 trillion.
Rep. Jeb Hensarling, the Texas Republican who chairs the House Financial Services Committee, pointedly told Yellen that Congress does not believe the Fed has "found the proper balance" between regulation and growth.
However, she defended the Fed's actions.
"The economy is recovering from a very severe crisis," she said. "We've put in place stronger financial regulation that has forced our banks to build up their capital buffers to deal with problem loans and to strengthen themselves to the point where they have been to support economic growth and recovery in our economy."
With just over six weeks until the next Hudson Derby, New York Red Bull fans are already counting a small army of supporters sets to invade Yankee Stadium.
After just three days of ticket availability, 800 denizens of the South Ward have secured their seats at Yankee Stadium.
And there are more to come.
“Our allocation is in sections 325-330,” Empire Supporters Club board member Steve Ferrezza tells EoS. “The final allocation is still being worked out, so I don't want to say a number before it's confirmed, but I can tell you that over 800 tickets have been sold in the first 36 hours between all three South Ward groups.”
According to a source, NYCFC will issue 1,000 tickets to traveling Red Bull supporters across the seven available sections of the upper deck. In comparison, the Red Bulls opened two full sections to NYCFC fans at Red Bull Arena, with the number of seats available hovering around 1,500.
For those unfamiliar with Yankee Stadium seating, their allocation will put the South Ward near the lip of the upper deck on the left field side, just above the press area at the ballpark — and with a full midfield view of the action.
Interestingly enough, the seat allocation dovetails with an NYCFC announcement last week proclaiming the opening of 300 level seating, which is traditionally blocked out for soccer matches.
Nevertheless, the South Ward is looking forward to the second leg of the Hudson Derby — in a very unique setting.
“We're happy to see the supporters are passionate about this game,” Ferrezza said. “And we look forward to bringing the ruckus to the South Bronx.”
ROME — The Venice Film Festival's independently run Venice Days section, modeled on the Cannes Directors' Fortnight, has unveiled a lineup that emphasizes first-time and female filmmakers, with 10 of the 11 competition titles slated for world premieres.
The accent on “female creativity,” as artistic director Giorgio Gosetti put it, is given by 7 women directors in the 19-title official selection, which is more than one third. Venice Days programmer Sylvain Auzou joked that the selection provides a positive counterpoint to the Cannes fest, which has been criticised in recent years for allegedly favouring male auteurs.
Venice Days includes new short films by acclaimed Japanese director Naomi Kawase, who was recently on the Cannes jury, and American director Crystal Moselle, whose documentary “The Wolfpack” won the Grand Jury Prize at Sundance in 2015. These shorts are part of Venice Days' Women's Tales Project, sponsored by Miu Miu, the women's fashion brand owned by Prada.
At the Rome presser Gosetti announced that within Women's Tales events they will announce winners of a new prize called Doc/it Women Award (DWA) launched by Italy's documakers association Doc/it dedicated to international documentaries centered around female creativity and entrepreneurship with an Italian element.
Related Film Review: 'One Nation, One King' Hollywood Pays Tribute to Bernardo Bertolucci: 'Forever a Leading Light in World Cinema'
The opener, in competition, will be “The War Show,” a video-diary/road movie chronicling the civil war in Syria, co-directed by Syria's Obaidah Zytoon who starting in 2011 set off on a road trip to capture her conflicted country through a series of personal stories. The other director of “War Show” is Andreas Dalsgaard, from Denmark.
Italian competition entries include “Indivisible,” (pictured), directed by Edoardo De Angelis, about teenage conjoined-twin sisters with beautiful voices who come from the suburbs of Naples and support their family as a performing act.
Also from Italy, which features prominently this year, is “Worldly Girl,” by first-timer Marco Danieli, set amid the Italian Jehovah's Witnesses community.
Launching from Venice Days from Iceland will be “Heartstone,” a coming-of-ager set in a fishing village by first-timer Guomundur Arnar Guomundsson; from Australia there is 1980's set kidnap thriller “Hounds of Love,” by Ben Young, who is also making his feature film debut.
Croatian first-timer Hana Music is coming with dark and erotic family drama “Quit Staring At My Plate”; Filipino helmer Eduardo Roy Jr. (“Baby Factory,” “Quick Change”) will bring “Pamilya Ordinaryo,” about how a young teen couple hustling for survival on the Manila streets deal with the kidnapping of their one-month-old child.
Rounding out the competition from Colombia is “Guilty Men,” described in the press notes as a “contemporary Western” set against the backdrop of corruption and brutal politics; “Polina” a ballet epic co-directed by prominent French dancer/choreographer Angelin Preljocaj and his wife Valerie Muller; “Sami Blood,” a look at 1930's racism against the Sami people in the North of Sweden, directed by first-timer Amanda Kernell; and illegal immigrants romancer “The Road To Mandalay,” by Taiwan-based Burmese helmer Midi Z (“Ice Poison,” “City of Jade”).
Multihyphenate Canadian provocateur Bruce LaBruce (“Gerontophilia,” “Pierrot Lunaire”) will preside over the jury that will award the Venice Days Award worth Euros 20,000 ($22,000) to the top competition title. Competition entries will also vie for the section's audience award, while all first works are eligible for Venice's Luigi De Laurentiis nod for best first work across all the Venice fest sections.
The 12th edition of Venice Days will run August 31-September 10.
VENICE DAYS LINEUP
“The War Show,” Andreas Dalsgaard, Obaidah Zytoon (Denmark, Finland): opener. In competition.
COMPETITION
“Heartstone,” Guomundur Arnar Guomundsson (Iceland, Denmark)
“Hounds of Love,” Ben Young (Australia)
“Indivisible,” Edoardo De Angelis (Italy)
“Quit Staring at My Plate,” Hana Jusic (Croatia, Denmark)
“Pamilya Ordinaryo,” Eduardo Roy, Jr. (Philippines)
“Guilty Men,” Ivan D. Gaona (Colombia)
“Polina,” Valerie Muller, Angelin Preljocaj (France)
“Worldly Girl,” Marco Danieli (Italy)
“Sami Blood,” Amanda Kernell (Sweden, Denmark, Norway)
“The Road to Mandalay,” Midi Z (Myanmar, Taiwan, China, France, Germany)
WOMEN'S TALES PROJECT (shorts), in collaboration with Prada's Miu Miu Label
“Seed,” Naomi Kawase (Italy, Japan)
“That One Day,” Crystal Moselle (Italy, U.S.)
SPECIAL EVENTS
“Always Shine,” Sophia Takal (U.S.)
“Coffee,” Cristiano Bortone (Italy, Belgium, China)
“Il Profumo Del Tempo Delle Favole,” Mauro Caputo (Italy)
“Rocco,” Thierry Demaiziere, Alban Teurlai (France)
“Vangelo,” Pippo Delbono (Italy, Belgium)
“You Never Had It – An Evening with Bukowski,” Matteo Borgardt (U.S., Mexico, Italy)
Viva La Bam is an American reality television series that starred Bam Margera and his friends and family. The show was a spin-off from MTV's Jackass, in which Margera and most of the main cast had appeared. Each episode had a specific theme, mission, or challenge which was normally accomplished by performing pranks, skateboarding, and enlisting the help of friends, relations and experts. Although partly improvised, the show was supported by a greater degree of planning and organization.
History [ edit ]
Production [ edit ]
The cast included Ryan Dunn, Brandon DiCamillo, Raab Himself, Brandon Novak, Tim Glomb, and Rake Yohn. The show also starred Margera's parents Phil and April and his uncle Don Vito. The show was mostly filmed in and around West Chester, Pennsylvania and also visited Las Vegas, Atlantic City, New Orleans, Los Angeles, Minneapolis, Mexico, Brazil, and Europe. Bam and his friends also went to Miami in 2006 for "Viva La Spring Break".
The show debuted on October 26, 2003, on the MTV network in the United States and was later licensed around the world. The first episode featured Bam building a skatepark inside his house. Tony Hawk starred in this episode. Each of the five seasons consisted of eight half-hour episodes, with the fifth and final season finishing on August 14, 2005. Later that year, in December, Bam Margera addressed rumors of a sixth season on Last Call with Carson Daly. His comment was that there would be no sixth season, but there would be occasional MTV specials and he and Johnny Knoxville were planning things for possible Jackass stunts.
Featured music and guests [ edit ]
The show also often featured music from some of Margera's favorite bands, such as HIM, CKY, The Bloodhound Gang, Cradle of Filth, Clutch, Turbonegro, Dimmu Borgir, Carnal Forge, Slayer, Gwar, Children of Bodom, The Bled, The 69 Eyes, and skate rock legends Free Beer. Many of Margera's friends also appear on the show, including Johnny Knoxville, The Dudesons, and fellow skateboarders Tony Hawk and Bob Burnquist. Actor Sean Penn and his son Hopper also made an appearance in one episode. Rocker Billy Idol appeared on a very special birthday episode.
Episodes [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
About
Check out the prototype at primulusgame.com
primulusgame.com Follow @Primulusgame
@Primulusgame Ask questions at the Primulus Forums
Primulus Forums Keep up to date on our Blog
Steam Greenlight Concept
Download Primulus Prototype Release
We have an early prototype build of the game available for download on Mac PC and Linux. Please remember that this is an EARLY build and it is subject to change. Therefore it is not representative of final software.
Primulus is a Sci-Fi game that takes place on a research facility on a distant moon. As a player, you are one person working on that research facility. Your job can be anything from cleaning the floors and toilets as a janitor, to exploring the surface of the planet and capturing the wildlife for the researchers and geneticists to analyze. The people of the facility benefit from working together and further advance the facility when everyone is properly doing their job. However, be careful with who you trust though. People aren't always what they seem.
Primulus is a game that takes place in rounds. That is, a game round starts and each player spawns in a specified area of the facility depending on their job. The round ends when the escape shuttle departs from the facility. Each round of Primulus is, basically, a bad day on the job.
The facility is run by a large intergalactic government corporation, Integral, and as such, has enemies. Each round has the possibility of randomly designating some workers of the facility as enemies, called traitors, to the corporation. No one knows who these people are except the traitors themselves and other traitors. The traitors will have a random task that they have to complete individually or as a group before the round ends. So be careful who you trust, that handy assistant might be trying to get your ID to get access to a high security area.
Having traitors on the facility is one of many things that can go wrong during a round. There are many different events/game modes that can happen from round to round. For example, there may also be an alien outpost somewhere else on Primulus with a small playable alien faction that has to eradicate all the people in the facility. In addition to this, simple human error can cause panic and death.
Concepts/Media
Current Game Mechanics
Zone Based Atmospheric Calculation
Here we have a debug option enabled that helps us visualize the zones. The player deconstructs the wall thus causing the zones to recalculate and form one zone. Each zone has it's own atmospheric data that includes Temperature, kPa, Oxygen, Carbon Dioxide, Nitrogen and Primulium levels. Any zones that have adjoining areas (opened doors, open windows, removed / damaged walls) will cause an equalization of atmosphere between the zones. Additionally, if a fire breaks out in a zone, the temperature of that zone and any openly adjoined zones will increase while the oxygen levels decrease until the fire is extinguished.
Grid Based Construction / Destruction
Here you can see the player placing a floor and then the wall. Additional steps and tools are required to complete the wall and floor, though.
Character Creation
This demonstrates the basics of the character creation screen. Here you can customize many parts of player and choose your desired job preferences.
Electrical Grid and Power Generation
Here the player is placing an electrical box and placing wire in it to complete the grid from the Battery to the Electrical Control Unit. Since the ECU now has power, it powers the lights, doors and machinery that are linked to that ECU.
Combat
Here the player is using a taser to tase the other player and put him in rag doll mode. This is useful for security and traitors alike when they want to detain someone.
Considering the game takes place on a research facility, research is the primary goal of the facility. However, since the staff lives on the facility as well, it needs to be staffed by people that clean, protect, serve and repair the facility and it's inhabitants. As a player, you get to choose your job preferences while setting up your character. If two or more people want the same job, one of them will be randomly picked and the other two players will be placed in another job of their choosing. Each job is part of a department which is in turn ran by a department head. For example, as a geneticist you'll be in the medical department and you'll be under the Chief Medical Officer. Here is a list of the current jobs in their respective departments.
*Jobs may be added, removed and/or renamed before final release. This is conceptual and is subject to change.
As stated, each round of Primulus has a game mode that drives the progression of the game. Primulus can also have random events that happen throughout the round. The game modes and events can be completely random, thus initially unknown by the facility staff, or be chosen by the server administrators. For example, if a round has randomly chosen an alien swarm game mode, a few players will spawn as aliens in an outpost somewhere on the surface of the planet away from the main facility. The alien players will be tasked with eradicating the facility of all it's human inhabitants before they have a chance to escape or before the humans wipe them all out. On top of this, a random event such as a meteor shower may take place at some point during the round. Multiple events or no events can happen throughout a round and the frequency of them can be changed by the server administrator. Server administrators also have the power to make a random event happen at any point during the round.
GAME MODES
Alien
A few players will spawn as aliens somewhere on the planet. Their goal is to eradicate everyone in the facility. As they kill people, the people will respawn as aliens thus adding to their swarm.
Eradication Team
A team of people who are enemies to Integral Corp. will spawn in a small outpost somewhere on the planet. Their goal, much like the aliens, is to kill everyone in the facility. They could do it stealthily by infiltrating the facility and posing as an employee, or go in with guns blazing and leave nothing behind.
Malfunctioning AI
The facility is equipped with a state of the art Artificial Intelligence module. The AI is a playable character that keeps a watchful eye on the facility and serves the employees as needed. It also manages the cyborgs (which are also players) and coordinates them around the facility. However, being a piece of technology, it's susceptible to sabotage by the enemies of Integral. In this game mode the AI needs to use its cyborgs and technological powers within the facility to kill everyone before they can reach its core and wipe it out.
Revolution
Some employees aren't happy with the things are being ran around the facility. Their goal is to overthrow Security and the department heads in any way they see fit while recruiting other employees to their cause.
No Escape
Integral decided the facility was too much of a burden and has stopped all support, including the escape shuttle. The crew now has to work together to survive and build their own shuttle to escape Primulus.
Role-Play
Another day on the job. There's so much to do on Primulus that some servers may just want to have a sane and peaceful round with no Game Mode. Administrators can trigger and create their own events throughout the round to keep the game interesting, though.
Events
Traitor
Though traitors are chosen at the start of a round, they could happen in tandem with a game mode. Traitors will have random objectives assigned at the start of the round that they must complete before the round ends. The objectives could be anything from assassinating a certain target, or stealing a highly valuable item. In order for them to be considered successful, they must escape on the shuttle alive at the end of the round with all their objectives completed.
Plague
The employees of the facility don't have immune systems calibrated to the micro-biological life of Primulus. The geneticist is tasked with figuring out what is causing the mass illness within the facility and finding a cure.
Meteor
Primulus is having entered an asteroid belt and is about to take a beating. There's not much the employees can do other than wait for it all to be over and repair any damages to the facility.
Biological Infestation
An unknown biological entity has somehow formed a core inside the facility. It's growing quite rapidly and can quickly envelop anything close to it. The crew has to destroy this entity before it consumes the facility.
*Game Modes and Events will likely be added, removed and/or renamed throughout the development and after the release of Primulus. This list is purely conceptual.
**These stretch goals are things that we want to include over time. They're not going to be excluded if we don't meet the goals. The goals are calculated funds we would need to ensure the content is ready by final release. **
Exploration Buggy
The facility will come with an exploration buggy for when walking is just too much. There are no stop signs on Primulus so cruising around the planet should offer lots of fun for explorers and other permitted staff.
Second Race
In the character selection screen, there will be an option for you to choose another race that has unique stats and abilities from the standard human race.
Map Editor
In this tier, we will release a map editor with the final build of the game. The map editor will allow anyone to build entire new facilities and world tiles for multi-player use.
Space Station
An alternative map type as opposed to being on the surface of Primulus. Here, people have to worry about gravity and the harsh vacuum of space in addition to everything else.
New Game Mode
An alternative style of game play in which the players are divided up into two factions and spawn in two separate facilities on the surface of Primulus. They're tasked with researching and creating weaponry as fast as possible and using their researched tech to fight the other facility. First team to eliminate every member of the other team and escape on the shuttle alive wins.
Modding Tools
This will unlock full user control for adding content to the game. Players will now be able to create and import meshes, scripts, textures and levels they've created for the entire community to enjoy. The possibilities are endless with modding.
The game takes place in rounds? Does this mean it's turn based?
No. Primulus is a real-time game. The rounds are simply defined from the start of the game to when the escape shuttle leaves. The time of a round can change depending on a lot of different factors.
What sort of power are server administrators going to have?
As much as possible. Our ultimate goal is to give the administrators total control. This will allow lots of possibility for each server to have it's own unique feel and to avoid the monotony of having every server be the same. For example, server administrators can choose to have Role-Play rounds in which there is no random event at the start of the round. As the round progresses, the administrator can have random events happen in a controlled sort of way; much like a dungeon master in the popular table top game Dungeons and Dragons.
Will there be modding tools?
Due to the amount of additional work required to create modding tools and how small of a team we are, we decided to add it as a stretch goal. If you can reach $200,000 we'll have the funding to bring additional members to the team to give full modding support to the game.
What if there's not enough people to fill all the jobs? How will the facility progress?
Every job doesn't need to be filled in order for the facility to run properly. However, having that job filled does help the facility, the departments and all the staff. For example, if there is no chef on the station, people can still eat from vending machines but the food wont quench their hunger for long resulting in more frequent trips to the vending machine. Or, if there is no explorer to collect native life for the researchers to gather data on, the research department wont be able to create better, higher-tier objects as fast.
What's in it for me?
As an early backer of Primulus, at the most basic stage you'll receive a full copy of the game on release and have your name in the credits.
Why not use the UDK or Cry Engine?
Primulus has been in development for about 7 months now and was in pre-development for about 6 months before that. All the pre-development was experimentation with other software to get a better understanding of the limitations of other engines and correlation of our vision with this game. From previous experience and understanding of all the software, we concluded that Unity was the best option.
Unity 3D
We're currently using the Free Version of Unity 3D due to our deep understanding of the software and simplicity 3rd party software pipeline. With your help, we're hoping to purchase full Unity licensing to help optimize the game and add a lot more features.
Mac PC Linux
Since we're using Unity, all of our releases including the current prototype release are going to be available for Mac, PC, and Linux.
Inspiration
Primulus is heavily inspired by the game mechanics of Byond's Space Station 13. Space Station 13 is a 2D multi-player game that takes place on a space station. We also drew inspiration from the popular table top game Dungeons and Dragons and want to give us much power to the Administrators as possible.
Thank You!
Thank you for taking the time to check out the Primulus kickstarter. If you have any questions, feel free to visit our forums where we're quite active.
*Please remember that this game is still in development. Everything shown and talked about here is subject to change and is not reflective of the final product.
I'm writing a Defrag program for FAT32 partitions that runs in Linux . (see Why I started writing a Defrag program
It's a simple idea, but there just isn't one already.
I'm not a wonderful hacker: the code looks like shit.
Now I've gotten to the point that it should work. The pieces have finally come together to the point where I should be able to just tell it to go, sit back, and watch my hard drive totally change.
But I haven't. For the last half an hour, I've been sitting here trying to figure out if there's some problem I'm not aware of, or what fail-safes I can quickly hack into it.
If it works, I will have a hard drive with all the files defragmented, but with free space scattered around at random intervals. I think I can correct that by just making multiple passes over the drive.
But if it fails, I lose 3 gigs of data.
After a two-year hiatus, the American Indian Student Association at the College of William and Mary resurfaced last fall. Now operating under the title of American Indian Student Association, the organization aims to educate the College community about Native American culture and issues tribes face today.
At a Center for Student Diversity event at the beginning of last semester, Mackenzie Neal '18 saw a sign for NASA, but was told the organization no longer existed since all of its members graduated in 2012. Neal, who is part Quapaw, revived the club to connect with an unfamiliar part of her heritage, and is now the organization's president.
“The Quapaw tribe is actually in Oklahoma,” Neal said. “And I grew up in Virginia, away from that area … so I just knew that my mom had moccasins on the Christmas tree every year, and I didn't really know what that was for.”
Neal said she feels as though she missed out on the opportunity to attend powwows when she was younger, but is making up for it with the club's upcoming Native Dance and Drum Demonstration.
The event will take place March 28 in Trinkle Hall and will feature demonstrations of traditional music and dance, as well as a raffle and Native American vendors selling crafts like beaded items and pottery. Proceeds will benefit the Virginia Indian Tribal Alliance for Life, which advocates for native people throughout the Commonwealth, and the American Indian Science and Engineering Society, which promotes Native American representation in STEM fields.
AISA Vice President Emily Williams '18 is native Diné on her mother's side and native Hawaiian on her father's side. Like Neal, she grew up without paying much attention to these roots, and hopes to explore them through club activities. Williams said that through the organization, she would like to bring awareness to the problems of food sovereignty and obesity in Native Americans.
“They're not eating the foods that their bodies are used to anymore — maize, peppers, pumpkins, fish, deer — foods that they kind of evolved with, and part of the reason they struggle with obesity so much is because things that are in mainstream markets … like sugar, flour, wheat, they can't really digest it,” Williams said. “Their bodies aren't meant to digest it because they haven't grown with it.”
Emily Martin '18, a member of the group who has Kickapoo roots, said she would like to address poverty on reservations through the club.
“Reservations are actually the poorest areas of America,” she said. “They are below Appalachia. They have the highest poverty rates and the most alcoholism.”
While many members of the American Indian Student Association have familial connections to Native American tribes, Neal said the club has also attracted history and anthropology students. All are welcome to join, regardless of background.
“I think college is a great place to raise awareness of Native American issues,” Neal said. “Especially because this is a time when people are realizing different cultural values and being exposed to things that they weren't in their hometowns.”
The Quadrofoil Q2 is a two-seater, four-legged hydrofoil watercraft. With a top speed of 40 km/h (25 mph) and four years in the making, the Q2 id expected to ship in early 2017.
The Q2A is developed to be driven in lakes and coastal zones. The 3.7 kW electric motor and a 5.2 kWh battery pack form an ideal combination of power and energy efficiency that will, in most corners of the world, let you cut through the water without a boating license or registration.
Quadrofoil is 100 % electrically powered by a very reliable industry standard battery with an integrated battery management system (BMS), which optimizes usage and charging. Together with a special electric motor, it delivers exceptional performance without releasing any emissions.
Q2S offers more power and speeds up to 40 km/h (21knots). It takes just over 5 m (16 ft.) to get airborne and start flying. A 5.5 kW state-of-the art engine paired with two 5.2 kWh batteries give a reach of up to 80 km/h, making the Q2S one of the most energy efficient watercrafts on the market with average operational costs well below 1 € per hour.
Our Q2S Electric Limited Edition was the first watercraft Quadrofoil put on the market in a limited production amount of only 100 units, which were sold out within a few months.
Although over a year behind on the original schedule, Quadrofoil is ready to move on and deliver on its promises. Their team of engineers took over a year to thoroughly test, review, upgrade and fine-tune the original Q2 prototype, which is now finished and ready for serial production. Some changes have been made in the supply chain as a result of the vessel's improvement. The biggest and most prominent one is the Quadrofoil's very own new electric motor that substituted the standard electric motor they used in the past.
During the testing period, Sales Team and the CEO managed to keep the trust and interest of almost all buyers, dealers and partners - also by inviting them to participate at the prototype testing. They also managed to build a framework for new pre-orders and customer service. The Design Team supported the engineers with upgrades and presented the future of water-based transportation - the first concepts of the Q4 Electric, a four-seated Quadrofoil. The Marketing Team polished the Brand, upgraded the digital and social media strategy and the Design Team prepared a new website that includes a Q2 configurator, aimed to provide customers with a wider range of possibilities for personalization and submitting pre-orders. Motivated by the team's successes, the CEO kept the company funded during the prototype testing and finalization period. He also managed to find and purchase land for construction of the future Quadrofoil Headquarters with an integrated R&D and production centre.
According to the new plan, the investor pitch should be completed by the end of 2016, whilst deliveries of the Q2S Electric Limited Edition to the existing buyers should start in March 2017.
Source and top image: Quadrofoil d.o.o.
Farting camels make global warming worse, death to the camels! It would be nice if there was something (anything?) that we could blame for climate change, other than human actions. But, farting camels? What seems like a ridiculous farting farce, is actually a real plan being considered by officials in Australia to kill camels for their alleged role in global warming.
The idea is that killing camels, who release methane gas when they fart, would solve global warming in Australia because their farting has a serious impact on the country's carbon emissions. The International Society of Camelid Research Development (ISOCARD), has called the proposed camel-cull “stupid,” and an “abomination of science,” in addition to declaring that it would make camels scape-goats for a man-made problem.
There is no evidence that suggests that camel flatulence causes or adds to global warming. Yet, the kill-a-camel plan was being considered by Australia's Department of Climate Change and Energy Efficiency as part of talks to develop policy to help reduce the country's carbon emissions. The camel eradication plan was developed by the company Northwest Carbon. The plan would exchange carbon credits for dead camels, based on rates of methane emissions extrapolated from data on the release of methane from cattle.
Cattle and camels are, obviously, different animals who have different digestive systems. The camel metabolism is more efficient than cattle, with camels able to produce 20 percent more milk, while consuming 20 percent less food. The intestines of camels also contain different bacteria, which makes their digestion process more similar to animals like pigs than cattle.
According to ISOCARD, Northwest Carbon's data about the amount of methane released from camels, in addition to their statistics about the number of feral camels living in Australia is questionable. There are only 28 million camels in the world, and their emissions represent just a small fraction of total emissions when compared to cattle.
Australia still relies on coal for power and has one of the highest carbon footprints in the world. The government has set plans to start taxing the country's biggest polluters, but these companies will be able to buy carbon credits to offset their emissions.
So far, it remains to be seen what will happen to the camels, but ISOCARD seems ready to fight for feral camels, who in all their farting glory, are not a major player in Australia's carbon emission problem.
(via Herald Sun)
The G.A.O. report details two specific violations that took place as the E.P.A. was preparing to issue the final rule. The first involved the Thunderclap campaign in September 2014, in which the E.P.A. used a new type of social media tool to quickly reach out to 1.8 million people to urge them to support the clean-water proposal. Thunderclap, described as an online flash mob, allows large groups of people to share a single message at once.
“Clean water is important to me,” the Thunderclap message said. “I support E.P.A.'s efforts to protect it for my health, my family and my community.”
The effort violated federal law, the G.A.O. said, because as it ricocheted around the Internet, many people who received the message would not have known that it was written by the E.P.A., making it covert propaganda. The E.P.A. disputes this finding, noting that it sent out the original Thunderclap message and was hardly hiding its role.
The agency is also said to have violated the anti-lobbying law when one of its public affairs officers, Travis Loop, wrote a blog post saying he was a surfer and did not “want to get sick from pollution.” That post included a link button to an advocacy group that discussed the danger that polluted water posed to surfers and, at least at one point, also included text that said “Take Action,” telling the public to “tell Congress to stop interfering with your right to clean water.”
Such findings by the G.A.O. are infrequent but not without precedent. During George W. Bush's administration, the G.A.O. concluded similarly that the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services violated the anti-propaganda act in 2004 when it covertly paid for news videos distributed to television stations without disclosing that the government had financed the work. In 2005, the Department of Education was found to have violated the same law when it hired a public relations firm to covertly promote the No Child Left Behind Act of 2001.
The entire amount spent on the social media campaign in question is likely trivial. But whatever the cost, the G.A.O. asserted that it violated a federal Antideficiency Act, which prohibits federal agencies from spending money without authorization. Penalties include fines and even possible jail time. But even Republicans on Capitol Hill say it will not be enforced that way.
The G.A.O. has instead instructed the E.P.A. to find out how much money was spent by staff involved in these violations, then write a report to Mr. Obama and Congress acknowledging the violation.
The E.P.A. has not yet decided if it will agree to take such a step, said Ms. Purchia, the E.P.A. spokeswoman.
It's hard to get movies financed in Hollywood, but Don Cheadle convinced investors to pay for his new film using a simple trick.
He hired a white guy.
"Having a white actor in this film turned out to be a financial imperative," Cheadle told reporters Thursday at the Berlin Film Festival, where he was screening his upcoming Miles Davis biopic, Miles Ahead.
"There are different metrics by which those who are going to spend money on films determine if it's a good risk or not. ... [And this] was a component of getting to a certain number that would allow us a certain budget to get the film made.
"It's one of the realities of the business we're in," he said, according to Deadline.
Throughout its production, Cheadle struggled to get Miles Ahead financed. The 51-year-old actor and producer has been working on the film for 10 years: co-writing, producing, directing and starring in the project, which will be released in theaters on April 1.
Despite his remarkable Hollywood pedigree — which includes two Golden Globe Awards, an Academy Award nomination for best actor and an Academy Award for co-producing Crash, which won best picture in 2006 — Cheadle ended up having to raise $370,000 through an Indiegogo crowdsourcing campaign to make up for a gap in funding in 2014, Deadline reported.
Cheadle said other funding he received for the film relied on the hiring of a white co-star — which ended up being Ewan McGregor, the Scottish-born actor who plays Dave Brill, a fictional Rolling Stone journalist, in the movie.
"It's one of the realities of the business we're in." — Don Cheadle Tweet
Cheadle explained it's tough to sell financiers on movies with all-black casts because "there is a lot of apocryphal, not proven evidence that black films don't sell overseas," Deadline reported. He was otherwise more than complimentary toward his white co-star, saying, "I think [the film] works great and particularly because of Ewan McGregor."
But Cheadle's brutal honesty about the inner-workings of the Hollywood film industry adds fuel to ongoing conversations about racial inequality in media today. The 88th Academy Awards are coming up on Feb. 28. All 20 of the acting nominees are white, and the only nominees who worked on films featuring black characters — including Creed and Straight Outta Compton — are white as well.
The hashtag #OscarsSoWhite started trending online as a result, drawing attention to the disparities in how people of color are treated in the entertainment business for the second year in a row. Daily Show host Trevor Noah recently joked that the only way for black filmmakers to get recognized by the Oscars is "by pandering to white Oscar voters."
Meanwhile, the argument that black actors spell box office poison has repeatedly been disproven. In 2015 Straight Outta Compton became one of only eight films from Universal Pictures to top $200 million at the global box office, and out of the five top-grossing films in the world in 2015, two — Star Wars Episode VII: The Force Awakens and Furious 7 — starred black leads.
According to a yearly report issued by the University of California, Los Angeles, Ralph J. Bunche Center for African-American Studies, of the top 200 movies released in 2012 and 2013, those "with relatively diverse casts enjoyed the highest median global box office receipts and the highest median return on investment."
Yet here's Cheadle, one of the most respected talents working in movies today, fighting to get his film about arguably the most famous jazz musician of all time financed.
It's time to get woke, Hollywood.
A spokeswoman for Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE says he has "single-handedly brought back freedom of speech," defending Trump's use of the word "pussy" to describe rival Ted Cruz Rafael (Ted) Edward CruzTrump unleashing digital juggernaut ahead of 2020 Inviting Kim Jong-un to Washington Trump endorses Cornyn for reelection as O'Rourke mulls challenge MORE.
ADVERTISEMENT
Spokeswoman Katrina Pierson was asked on CNN Tuesday, the day of the New Hampshire primary, if there was anything Trump has said that she wishes he hadn't.
"If we're looking politically at the conditioning of the voters, maybe yes. But with my personal response: Absolutely not," she said.
"We have a full-blown assault on the First Amendment. Donald Trump has single-handedly brought back freedom of speech."
At a rally the day before, Trump repeated a supporter who called Texas Sen. Ted Cruz a "pussy" over his stance against waterboarding. On Tuesday, he defended the statement, saying the woman joking around.
"We were all just having fun," he said on MSNBC's "Morning Joe."
Pierson said it's important that Trump is speaking his mind. She added that he's not controlled or "testing messages" like other candidates.
"Yes, he did repeat what a voter said. But, at the same time, this is also the 'Live Free or Die' state. This is where your rights are really important to you as an individual," she said. "And the fact that Donald Trump is out there saying what he thinks and means is important."
An incident that started this afternoon with the destruction of a campaign sign escalated to a man being threatened with a handgun and ended with three people arrested on multiple charges, according to a Dalton Police Department news release.
The incident started shortly after 1 p.m. in the area of Woodland Drive. Three males were walking down the street when one of them, Mauricio Rodriguez, 18, pulled up a Donald Trump for President campaign sign from the lawn of 605 West Woodland Drive and crumpled it up before throwing it into the street. Rodriguez then kept walking with Alexander Moreno, 17, and Hector Ayala, 20.
The residents of the home were sitting outside and saw Rodriguez damage the sign. David Grant, 43, followed the three into the street and demanded that they stop and fix his sign. Rodriguez, Moreno, and Ayala kept walking and Grant followed them, grabbing Rodriguez by his vest. At that point, Alexander Moreno lifted up his shirt to reveal a handgun in a holster. He pulled the gun out and pointed it at Grant, telling him to let Rodriguez go. The three then fled on foot.
Officers responding to the call were able to locate Moreno, Rodriguez and Ayala nearby in the area of Avenue E and stopped them. All three were taken into custody. Moreno was charged with aggravated assault, possession of a firearm without a license, possession of a handgun under the age of 18, and possession of a firearm during the commission of a felony. Rodriguez was charged with making terroristic threats, criminal trespass, and possession of less than an ounce of marijuana. Ayala was charged with disorderly conduct. All three were charged with violation of Georgia's Criminal Street Gang Act.
Independent Studio Services or ISS is a prop supplier for television and film production studios. Props provided by ISS have been used in numerous motion pictures and television programs. ISS was founded in 1977 by Gregg Bilson, Sr., and is currently based in Sunland, California with satellite branches in New Mexico, Georgia, Louisiana, Michigan, Massachusetts, and New York.[1]
Banknotes [ edit ]
ISS provided prop banknotes for the film Rush Hour 2, which starred Jackie Chan and Chris Tucker. The film's plot involved the production of high quality counterfeit United States currency, known as "superbills," by Hong Kong-based triads which laundered them through a Las Vegas casino. While filming in Las Vegas, prop banknotes with a face value of $1 billion USD were blown up; unfortunately, the explosion failed to destroy all the banknotes. Many were scattered through the air, and picked up by bystanders. The prop banknotes were found in Las Vegas, Los Angeles, and as far away as Minneapolis. Horrified, the United States Secret Service ordered ISS to stop producing the banknotes, recalled the banknotes from every production company that had ordered them, and seized banknotes from the company's location in Sun Valley, California.[2][3]
Fictional brands [ edit ]
Fictional brands of products are produced by Studio Graphics, a division of ISS. Many of these brands have appeared in multiple film and television productions.
Soft Drink: Cabot-Cola, Jekyll Island Rootbeer, PC Cola.[4]
Snacks: Let's potato chips[5]
Beer: HaberKern, Heisler, Jekyll Island, Matador Lager, and Penzburg.
Whiskey: Clermont Bourbon, J. Darby Bourbon, J. Darby Scotch, Gardner Scotch, Glencallan Scotch, Good Old Days Bourbon, Jake Danzels Old No. 2, Killarney Dell Irish Whiskey, Natape Scotch, Old & Rare Blended Scotch.[6][7]
Cigarettes: Brezza Blue, Brezza Red, Bilson Lights, Bilson Menthol, Morley Reds[8]
With all the news about wind farms, record-breaking solar power stations, and burgeoning sales of hybrid-electric vehicles one could be forgiven for actually thinking that renewable energies were actually making our energy cleaner. They haven't. A new report from the International Energy Agency shows that, despite the rapid spread of renewable technologies, the energy produced today is just as “dirty” as it was 20 years ago.
The Clean Energy Ministerial first convened in 2009 with the goal of bringing together world leaders to promote clean energy technology. Twenty-two countries participate in the CEM. Because these countries account for 75 percent of the world's energy consumption, they are powerfully positioned to drive a global transition to cleaner energy.
But in a recent speech to the Clean Energy Ministerial, International Energy Agency Executive Director, Maria van der Hoeven, had some bad news: “The drive to clean up the world's energy system has stalled. Despite much talk by world leaders, and despite a boom of renewable energy over the last decade, the average unit of energy produced today is basically as dirty as it was 20 years ago.”
The report lists three areas for which it gauged progress: (1) Technology penetration: how much are clean energy technologies being used? (2) Market creation: what is being done to foster the necessary markets? (3) Technology developments: how are individual technologies performing?
Renewable energy like wind energy has spread rapidly in recent years, but dependence on carbon remains, largely due to government subsidies. To track clean energy progress, the report introduces a metric called the Energy Sector Carbon Intensity Index (ESCII), which measures how many tons of carbon dioxide is emitted for each unit of energy supplied. In 1990 the ESCII was 2.39 tons of CO2 per ton of oil equivalent; in 2010 that number was 2.37.
Twenty Earth Days down the drain…or gas tank.
The report showed that progress for the majority of technologies that could save energy or reduce carbon dioxide emissions. But it also showed that, between 2011 and 2012, wind energy grew by 19 percent and solar voltaic energy grew by 42 percent, and that China, Brazil and India are coupling their surging economies with policies that foster renewable technologies. Also reassuring are the sales of hybrid-electric vehicles which passed the one million mark in 2012. In the same time electric vehicle sales doubled, reaching 110,000 worldwide.
Global energy demand is expected to increase by 25 percent over the next decade, according to the report. Partly in response to this, many emerging economies are introducing or toughening their energy efficiency regulations. But van der Hoeven mentioned that while many countries are improving the fuel economy of their passenger vehicles, standards between countries still vary widely.
Natural gas may be, in part, to blame for the continued reliance on coal. In recent years natural gas has experienced a revival in the United States due to technological advances – chiefly a new way of drilling called fracking. The boom in natural gas availability pushed natural gas prices down last year to a 10-year low in the US. But the drop in US demand for coal sparked a drop in the price of coal, which in turn sparked a shift in Europe where coal replaced much of the more expensive gas to supply power stations.
The IEA report ends with a series of recommendations to “set the clean energy transition in motion.” They want governments to set consumer prices to reflect the true cost of energy through carbon pricing and to phase out fossil-fuel subsidies. They also recommend developing more economic incentives for renewable technologies such as developing long-term policies that will motivate investors to switch from traditional energy sources to low-carbon technologies. Because as the Carbon Intensity index shows, you can have all the Earth Days you want, but if it doesn't make economic sense, nobody's going to want to do it.
Environment Minister Greg Hunt ordered to hand over briefing notes on Port Melville approval
Updated
Federal Environment Minister Greg Hunt has been ordered to hand over a departmental briefing on the decision to give Tiwi Islands' Port Melville the go-ahead without environmental assessment.
Key points: Greg Hunt ordered to hand over departmental briefing referred to in Port Melville decision
Environment Centre NT arguing Mr Hunt's decision an improper use of his powers
Cost of action could "cripple" Environment Centre, lawyers warn
The order was made on the first day of a Federal Court challenge to the decision, launched by the Northern Territory's peak environmental group, which has warned the action could "cripple" it with legal costs.
The $130-million deep sea port, located on the coast of Melville Island, north of Darwin, is in an area listed as internationally significant for wildlife.
It is operating despite no formal environmental impact assessments from either the Northern Territory or Commonwealth governments.
Environment Centre NT is arguing the decision was an improper exercise of Mr Hunt's powers.
The lawyer representing the Environment Centre NT, David Morris, told the court his client needed a cap on the organisation's legal costs if it loses the case.
The court will hear the Environment Centre NT's formal application for a maximum costs order in April and the result could determine whether the organisation continues the litigation.
"An adverse cost order in a large sum would cripple the Environment Centre, which is the Territory's peak body for non-profit environmental advocacy," Mr Morris said outside court.
"Our client is probably not in a financial position that they could take that risk. That could quite possibly put an end to this litigation."
In a statement to the ABC, a spokesman for Mr Hunt said the project was "assessed in accordance with national environmental law".
Mr Morris said the delegate who made the decision on behalf of the Minister did not in fact assess the project.
"We dispute that," he said. "We say that it wasn't actually assessed at all - what was assessed was the referral information."
"We're talking about terrestrial and marine environment that is habitat to 38 internationally, nationally and Territory-threatened species," he said.
"You've got one of the most important turtle rookeries in the world within very close proximity to this port and we say there's been really insufficient studies done to adequately understand what the impact of this development might be."
Storage tanks which can store up to 30 million litres of diesel have been installed at the Port Melville site.
The Environmental Protection Authority (EPA) NT said about 23 ships, up to 200 metres in length, passed through the Apsley Strait - the divide between the islands - each month in 2015 and this was expected to increase to almost 30 by 2019.
Warning against 'ad-hoc' developments
The Environment Minister's delegate decided in October last year Port Melville did not require an environmental impact assessment under federal laws because it was not a "controlled action".
The decision was subject to the port's developer Ezion Offshore Logistics Hub (Tiwi) Pty Ltd taking steps to "avoid significant impacts" to listed threatened species and ecological communities.
The Environment Centre NT's director, Ian Harris, said it was a huge decision to proceed with the litigation but the transparency of future development decisions was at stake.
"It is really important for the Territory to get the environmental legislation right and by questioning the Minister in this way, we hope to get an answer," he said.
"Future developments up here can't just happen ad hoc."
The NT EPA also announced last year it would not require an environmental impact assessment or public environmental report from Ezion.
After investigating, the NT EPA said environmental risks associated with the port's future operations could be managed to avoid significant environmental impacts.
"In this case it worked out very well, and we believe that the project should simply go ahead," NT EPA chairman Dr Bill Freeland said at the time.
However, in its statement of reasons, the NT EPA said it was concerned the company's procedures for fuel storage, fuel transfers and emergency responses to cyclones and spills were "not fit for purpose".
Topics: environmental-impact, environmental-management, environmental-policy, darwin-0800
First posted
The Force Awakens passing Avatar to become the biggest film ever domestically
On Tuesday, Star Wars: The Force Awakens added $8 million domestically and $13 million internationally for a total of $21 million for the day. The film has now earned $758.2 million in North America and $799.1 million overseas for a worldwide total of $1.557 billion.
Domestically, Star Wars: The Force Awakens is already the #1 movie of 2015 to date and the #2 movie of all-time, and will pass Avatar ($760.5 million) today to claim the #1 spot. Internationally, Star Wars: The Force Awakens is already the #5 movie of 2015 to date. Globally, Star Wars: The Force Awakens is already the #2 movie of 2015 to date and already the #4 movie of all-time.
The international totals by territory are as follows:
United Kingdom $148.7M
Germany $85.4M
France $71.5M
Japan $57.3M
Australia $53.1M
Spain $28.7M
Italy $25.8M
Mexico $25.0M
Russia $23.4M
Korea $23.3M
Brazil $22.2M
Sweden $15.9M
Poland $13.1M
Other $205.7M
Total $799.1M
The film will open in China on January 9.
Directed by J.J. Abrams, the movie stars Harrison Ford, Mark Hamill, Carrie Fisher, Adam Driver, Daisy Ridley, John Boyega, Oscar Isaac, Lupita Nyong'o, Andy Serkis, Domhnall Gleeson, Anthony Daniels, Peter Mayhew and Max Von Sydow. Kathleen Kennedy, J.J. Abrams and Bryan Burk produced the film with Tommy Harper and Jason McGatlin serving as executive producers. The screenplay is by Lawrence Kasdan & J.J. Abrams and Michael Arndt.
Region on the rise as the hot new filming location
PETERSBURG — The Dixie Restaurant has a sign on the door boasting about Steven Spielberg's "Lincoln" having filmed there, not far from where Meg Ryan and Tom Hanks filmed their upcoming comedy "Ithaca" on Sycamore Street. "Mercy Street," which wrapped filming in June, saw crowds of costumed actors and actresses fill Olde Towne Petersburg for weeks. Daniel Radcliffe, best known for playing the title role in the "Harry Potter" franchise, has become a local darling for sampling and praising the region's food and nightlife while filming and promoting his upcoming movie "Imperium." Recently, Revolutionary War spy drama "Turn" announced they'd be returning to Petersburg to film its final season.
Hollywood has come to Petersburg, and if things continue to pick up, they aren't leaving anytime soon.
The South has drawn attention from Hollywood over the past couple decades, with Georgia and North Carolina proving favorites for filming and production locations, but its Virginia that has turned more heads in Hollywood in recent years, for both the rich variety of historic locations and natural scenery to serve as buildings, and our large pool of historic reenactors and community theater to pull actors and personal from. According to Andy Edmunds, director of the Virginia Film Office, the key to Virginia's growth has been that while other states offer tax money or grants to bring in movie productions, state officials focus on selling Hollywood on Virginia.
"In Georgia, they have over $250 million a year in tax credits they're able to provide to induce this business, while in Virginia, we have less than $10 million per year." said Edmunds. “We compete by selling them on Virginia rather than bribing them to come here, we show them our variety of historic and natural locations, or our pool of available talent, and it's paying off, as the Commonwealth's film production industry has grown exponentially in recent years.”
Virginia has long chased the dream of turning the Commonwealth into a major destination for filmmakers, as far back as former Gov. and Sen. George Allen having pushed to have "Gods and Generals," and even getting a cameo in the film. That tradition of both courting filmmakers and earning cameos has been carried enthusiastically by both former Gov. Bob McDonnell, schmoozing with Steven Spielberg on the set of "Lincoln," and Gov. Terry McAuliffe, who in addition to making cameos ranging from "Mercy Street" to "Turn," has been a vocal advocate for filming in the Commonwealth.
“The Commonwealth of Virginia offers filmmakers an incomparably versatile backdrop, having served as the picture-perfect location for projects from the 17th century through today,” said McAuliffe. “I am excited to see the continued success of our film industry as we work to build a new Virginia economy, and to play my own role in that.”
In 2015, visitors spent $23 billion, supporting nearly 222,600 jobs and contributing $1.6 billion in state and local taxes. In 2014 the economic impact of the film and television industry in Virginia totaled $414 million and $59 million in state and local tax revenue. Andy Edmonds is always quick to point out the impact the film industry has on the economy, the free advertising it gives the region, and how it promises to grow even larger still.
“Every time we have a movie or television show filmed here in Virginia, it highlights the wealth of what the area has to offer, not just to Hollywood, but to tourists,” said Edmonds. “When an episode of 'Mercy Street' sweeps over Petersburg, or Daniel Radcliffe tweets about this steakhouse he's eating at, it's one of the best advertisements you could ask for.”
He also points out that 2016 could well be the watershed year that finally puts Virginia on the map as a go-to filming location, and the Tri-Cities area specifically. "Mercy Street" and "Turn" are both set to return to Petersburg to film their upcoming seasons. "Imperium," an action thriller which was filmed in Hopewell, is set to open later this year, as is "Loving," a biopic about Richard and Mildred Loving, and was filmed almost entirely in and around Petersburg, and has earned rave reviews at Cannes and is already attracting Oscar buzz.
As for what draws filming locally, and to Petersburg specifically, Tom Trigo, a veteran Hollywood locations manager, who has worked on productions from "War of the Worlds" to "Lincoln," and in Petersburg on both "Ithaca" and "Mercy Street," thinks he has the answer.
“Petersburg offers a condensed area of historically intact buildings, all within a core area, offering different streetscapes that can be shot from multiple angles, and different era backdrops, Old Towne Petersburg for the Civil War or Revolutionary War era, Sycamore Street for the 1940s or 50s, it's a living breathing setting that beats even the best studio back lot, which is a dream come true for many filmmakers,” said Trigo. “To top it all off, we get such support from the locals and local government, and Petersburg is such a magnet because it offers a combination that you really can't find nearly anywhere else.”
That's not to say our region's journey in becoming a Hollywood hot spot has been without issue. According to Joel Rhodes of the River City Film Society, more can still be done.
“One of the things that all these productions could do more of is pull from the immense pool of local talent we have here,” said Rhodes. “It's great to have all these movies and shows filmed here, but they could do more to employ the people who live here rather than flying a crew in from Hollywood, which is a shame, because it certainly could become one of our biggest selling points.”
Even that may begin to change, as some locals have begun to use the attention and limelight brought by Hollywood to set up local production companies of their own. Here in Petersburg, Waukeshaw Development, a locally-based revitalization firm, has backed Studio 219, a turn-key production studio that offers the best gear, an isolated sound stage, and housing for 30 crew to boot hoping to attract micro-budget filmmakers to the city.
Virginia as a whole stands ready to have its breakout moment as a stage for Hollywood, and Petersburg stands ready to be one of its key players.
• Sean CW Korsgaard may be reached at skorsgaard@progress-index.com or 804-722-5172.
Black Friday is going green.
On Monday, the high-end outdoor apparel and gear retailer Patagonia announced it will donate 100 percent of its Black Friday sales to grassroots environmental groups that protect local communities' air, water and soil. The groups that will receive the money are small and typically underfunded, according the company's press release.
Patagonia is expected to make over $2 million on Black Friday, CNN Money reported.
The California-based brand's latest commitment to the planet was inspired by the U.S. presidential election.
“We definitely came up with the idea after the election,” Lisa Pike Sheehy, vice president of environmental activism at Patagonia, told CNN Money. “This is a difficult and divisive time for our country. I believe the environment is something we can all come together on. ... Environmental values are something we all embrace.”
However, President-elect Donald Trump announced on Monday that he plans to lift regulations on the fossil fuel sector and has tapped a noted climate-change denier to lead the transition at the Environmental Protection Agency. These decisions not only contradict the goal Secretary of State John Kerry announced last week to slash the United States' greenhouse gas emissions by 80 percent, but also discount the economic potential of renewable energy.
“Trump in his energy agenda is very much looking towards the past, towards old ways, and we've really moved past that,” Susan Casey-Lefkowitz, chief program officer at the Natural Resources Defense Council, told The Huffington Post. “We've entered an era of progress fighting climate change. The fact that Trump is trying to turn back the clock with coal and shale gas just doesn't make sense.”
Patagonia's announcement on Monday is not out of character for the company, which has built its brand on valuing the environment. The company donates 1 percent of its daily global sales to green causes. In 2011, it urged its customers to buy fewer jackets to combat the fashion industry's wasteful culture, and in March, it helped create a $35 million fund to help pay for rooftop solar installations.
Pair of Washington alums join an all-star lineup of seasoned broadcast voices
SAN FRANCISCO, CALIF. (July 28, 2015) – Pac-12 Networks coverage of the 2015 college football season will once again feature a bevy of veteran broadcasters and notable Pac-12 standouts to tell each teams' story through expert analysis and high-quality coverage across both live game and studio shows.
Fellow Huskies Lincoln Kennedy, an 11-year NFL veteran and former Portland State head coach Nigel Burton bring an extensive amount of football experience – both on the field and from the sidelines – to the Pac-12 Network studios. Both will contribute to Pac-12 Final Score, giving viewers the last word on all the day's action each Saturday, plus the revamped Inside Pac-12 Football (formerly Pac-12 Football Weekly) airing every Tuesday evening, beginning September 1.
Kennedy and Burton join Ronnie Lott, Curtis Conway, Matt Leinart, Yogi Roth, Nick Aliotti, Glenn Parker, Anthony Herron, Jeremy Bloom and Jake Plummer to round out the Networks' analyst lineup for its fourth season of live football game and studio coverage.
An All-American in 1992 for the Washington Huskies, Kennedy was a first-round pick in the 1993 NFL Draft and went on to play 11 years at offensive tackle at the professional level. During his NFL career, he played for the Atlanta Falcons and Oakland Raiders, was named to three Pro Bowls and played in Super Bowl XXXVII. In addition to Pac-12 Networks, he is also a broadcaster for FOX Sports Radio on the weekends and part of the Oakland Raiders radio broadcast team.
A 1999 graduate of the University of Washington, Burton was a three-year starter at safety, leading the Huskies to three bowl games. He started his collegiate playing career at University of the Pacific and was a starter as a freshman before the program was cut. Burton began his coaching career as a defensive assistant at the University of South Florida in 2000. In 2001-02, Burton was a defensive backs coach at Portland State and then coached secondary at Oregon State from 2003-07. Burton spent one year as the defensive coordinator at Nevada before being named coach at Portland State in 2009 where he was at the helm for five seasons.
Pac-12 Networks' live game telecasts will be voiced by a team of veteran broadcasters including Ted Robinson, Kevin Calabro, Roxy Bernstein and JB Long. The game analyst team includes Parker and Roth lending their expertise in the booth, while Lewis Johnson, Ashley Adamson, Jill Savage and Drea Avent provide reports from the sidelines.
A one-hour Pac-12 Football Pregame Show sets the stage for game day each week from the Networks' San Francisco studios. At the end of each Saturday Pac-12 Final Score will provide highlights, recaps and analysis of all the action around the college football landscape.
Pac-12 Networks will cover an unprecedented 17 live football games in the first three weeks of the 2015 season, with nine of 12 Conference teams showcased. Game assignments for the first three weeks of the season will be announced at a later date.
(2)
who is a member of or affiliated with (A) the Communist Party of the United States ; (B) any other totalitarian party of the United States; (C) the Communist Political Association; (D) the Communist or other totalitarian party of any State of the United States, of any foreign state, or of any political or geographical subdivision of any foreign state; (E) any section, subsidiary, branch, affiliate, or subdivision of any such association or party; or (F) the direct predecessors or successors of any such association or party, regardless of what name such group or organization may have used, may now bear, or may hereafter adopt, unless such alien establishes that he did not have knowledge or reason to believe at the time he became a member of or affiliated with such an organization (and did not thereafter and prior to the date upon which such organization was so registered or so required to be registered have such knowledge or reason to believe) that such organization was a Communist-front organization; or
...the lack of method or predictability in events. It occurs without definite aim, reason, or pattern.
Consistency Dilemma
Be Random and Make a Difference
It is the nature of people to look for order in their surroundings and in their own lives. No normal person wants chaos. Although rebels are condoned at times, most people only do so if the perception is that such rebels are rebelling against a chaotic status quo. Rebels are hated when they are seen to be the agents of chaos.You will always do your best to put order into chaos, and when the former has defeated the latter, you will not want to return to the previous state. Yet, amidst the seeming order of things and structure of events, there comes a momentous spark, something you do not expect — an unusual phenomenon. Such unexpected upshot can be anfrom a stranger (or a perceived enemy); it can be an unwanted tragedy; or a sudden change of heart by a friend or loved one.We call these circumstances as events of RANDOMNESS. The dictionary defines randomness as...The thing about randomness is that it seems to be happening for no reason at all, and that it takes place without a purpose. Because of this, your reaction tends to reject or ignore (blatantly) the occurrence of randomness.It is a given reality that no one likes a tragedy, be it random or something foreseen. Everyone, by nature and instinct, avoids and abhors it. Will the opposite be your response to a random act of goodness? You wish! Most people will react with suspicion. Here is the thing for you — such suspicion should not prevent you from doing your own action of random kindness.Admit it! It is difficult to consistently be good and practice kindness at all times. The harshness of daily living and the apathetic attitudes of most people around you have made your outlook and emotions the basins of indifference. Yet, you surely would not want to say that you are an indifferent person, incapable of caring and doing humane acts, would you? Your desire for order and consistency has made it hard to practice concern and sensitivity, making you a slave of routine and monotony.Fortunately, there is a way to get out of apathetic constancy. Being consistent and orderly is not an obstacle from letting you perform actions of randomness.If bad things can happen to people randomly, why not use randomness as a weapon to fight off evil and a tool to bring out goodness in any situation. Random acts of generosity, helpfulness, thoughtfulness, and cheerfulness can go a long way. They not only have the capacity to affect people positively, but they can also infect them with the virus of goodness. Even a smile that is randomly given has a spellbinding effect on the person who receives it.You say superheroes do not exist, and because of this, you cannot be one yourself. I say you can. If you retort that you do not have a mask and costume, then wear the cowl of randomness. If you allege you do not have powers, then be energized by power of goodness.In a world where stolidity rules,have become more than just random. If randomness just comes out of nowhere, then why not put some kind of order into it? Use it to promote good and bring out the best in people. Let them (and yourself) experience the goodness of life and all that is in it, not just once but again and again, as long as your life dare it to be so.
[8/31/15, 7:30:20 PM] steelguttey: yo
[8/31/15, 7:30:26 PM] steelguttey: im starting the matchup thread up again
[8/31/15, 7:30:28 PM] steelguttey: its booser time
[8/31/15, 7:54:23 PM] RiDEL: Already writing my thoughts.
[8/31/15, 8:17:15 PM] Ryan Knight: I play Oli and Bowser but haven't done this MU from either side in 3.6
[8/31/15, 8:17:31 PM] Ryan Knight: never even played against Oli with my Bowser
[8/31/15, 8:19:46 PM] solideem: The MU Olimar was made for
[8/31/15, 8:22:57 PM] Ryan Knight: I played Odds in a set in 3.6b but that's not enough for me to get any reliable info from
[8/31/15, 8:23:25 PM] solideem: not reliable
[8/31/15, 8:23:32 PM] solideem: but you definitely have authority to speak your mind
[8/31/15, 8:23:48 PM] solideem: on how you feel since you played, one of the premier mains with that character in a set
[8/31/15, 8:24:47 PM] Ryan Knight: bowser's bair invalidates oli's recovery but Oli dominates the neutral game in every way
[8/31/15, 8:24:58 PM] solideem: YUPPPPPPPPPPPP
[8/31/15, 8:25:04 PM] Ryan Knight: but if Oli gets touched it seems like he dies
[8/31/15, 8:25:54 PM] Ryan Knight: it was actually the quickest set I ever played
[8/31/15, 8:26:08 PM] solideem: Olimar's a glass cannon.
[8/31/15, 8:26:13 PM] Ryan Knight: every stock from each of us was pretty much a 0-death
[8/31/15, 8:26:15 PM] solideem: you're entirely right.
[8/31/15, 8:27:15 PM] solideem: at least, from my experience ein the MU
[8/31/15, 8:27:40 PM] Ryan Knight: but Odds is just so good that he can get around it being a bad mu
[8/31/15, 8:27:53 PM] Ryan Knight: against me anyways
[8/31/15, 8:27:59 PM] solideem: you're either on the ground, r you're on your way out of a stock
[8/31/15, 8:28:03 PM] solideem: Even with your skill level
[8/31/15, 8:28:09 PM] solideem: I'm sure it was interesting for him
[8/31/15, 8:28:14 PM] solideem: trying to figure out what to do in the MU
[8/31/15, 8:29:19 PM] Ryan Knight: FD seems like the stage to go imo for Oli
[8/31/15, 8:29:53 PM] Ryan Knight: no platforms to give Bowser his movement and it makes it way harder for him to bait out attacks
[8/31/15, 8:30:10 PM] solideem: this is one of our "Keep away MU's"
[8/31/15, 8:30:17 PM] solideem: we really don't have to fight bowser
[8/31/15, 8:31:43 PM] Ryan Knight: the thing I found is because Bowser has really good movement options on stages with platforms it's easy for him to corner Oli
[8/31/15, 8:31:54 PM] solideem: only on stages with platforms
[8/31/15, 8:32:06 PM] solideem: I like to play king of the hill vs bowser
[8/31/15, 8:32:12 PM] solideem: find a stage like battlefield, sv
[8/31/15, 8:32:18 PM] solideem: ghz
[8/31/15, 8:32:24 PM] solideem: and play my *** of to keep center stage
[8/31/15, 8:32:43 PM] Ryan Knight: I would personally never take a Bowser to battlefield
[8/31/15, 8:32:49 PM] Ryan Knight: a good one anyways
[8/31/15, 8:33:01 PM] solideem: you may not get that option
[8/31/15, 8:33:06 PM] solideem: not taking him anywhere with platforms
[8/31/15, 8:33:09 PM] solideem: except maybe ps2
[8/31/15, 8:33:27 PM] solideem: because they're far enough outside of center stage where options still present themselves without ge3tting you cornered
[8/31/15, 8:34:48 PM] Ryan Knight: I think if a tourney is using the bottom middle 5 as starters, they all favour Oli except battlefield
[8/31/15, 8:36:46 PM] Ryan Knight: maybe it's just from my experiences, but Odds just makes Bowser look like sonic with his movement on that stage
[8/31/15, 8:39:36 PM] solideem: Yoshi's (Melee,) BF, Wario Ware alllll must go.
[8/31/15, 8:40:01 PM] solideem: just the nature of the matchup.He's designed to try to get in on an opening from the opponent
[8/31/15, 8:40:27 PM] solideem: Olimar zones bowser so well
[8/31/15, 8:41:48 PM] solideem: Aerial Bowser is sub par, because his aerial mobility is slow and most of his moves we can cover off reaction (except a side )
[8/31/15, 8:43:20 PM] Ryan Knight: once you're underneath bowser, the only thing he can do is go for a platform
[8/31/15, 8:43:48 PM] Ryan Knight: or bowser bomb to the ledge
[8/31/15, 8:43:56 PM] solideem: Once you're underneath bowser you make him ****ing regret his ******* decision of commiting to an option that placed him over one of the best jugglers in the entire game
[8/31/15, 8:44:14 PM] solideem: or so I've heard
[8/31/15, 10:28:10 PM] steelguttey: is it weird to say that i like that we have a bad recovery cus it enhances the high risk high reward jazz we have goin on
[8/31/15, 10:28:21 PM] steelguttey: but yea you guys basically got the mu covered on all places
[8/31/15, 10:28:43 PM] steelguttey: theres a bug with booser where you throw a pikmin at one of his spikes
[8/31/15, 10:29:01 PM] steelguttey: and the pikmin starts hitting bowser, but bowser cant get the pikmin off and the pikmin cant do damage to bowser
[8/31/15, 10:29:03 PM] steelguttey: so literally nothing happens
Now the mortgage-backed machinery is beginning to hit its stride again. In just the first two months of the year, CMBS issuance jumped to $19 billion—about four times the volume of last year's first quarter—filling the real estate market's tanks for what is already shaping up to be a busy year.
"Borrowers and sellers on both sides will have the confidence to enter into these larger acquisitions knowing the CMBS financing will be there," said Douglas Mazer, who co-heads Wells Fargo's CMBS lending group in Manhattan. "It's a key driver of sales, especially in New York, where we have these larger trophy-asset deals."And supply is still rising. In the wake of the huge volumes run up in January and February, JPMorgan Chase dramatically revised its CMBS forecast to $70 billion this year, from just $45 billion previously."There are predictions that the market could go even higher this year, to $80, $90, even $100 billion," said Tom Fink, an executive at the CMBS tracking company Trepp.While such figures pale in comparison with the industry's $230 billion high-water mark hit in 2007, it is still a multiple of last year's $44 billion, much less 2009's rock bottom of just $1 billion. Behind the surge, experts say, are hordes of investors looking for alternatives to the record-low returns offered on Treasury bonds and other investment products. In New York, real estate investors and owners alike are already beginning to seize their opportunities. Giant Manhattan-based landlord Vornado Realty Trust, for example, is arranging a CMBS loan for the retail condominium it purchased last year at 666 Fifth Ave. for $707 million, according to sources. Meanwhile, Milford Plaza, whose ground lease was just sold for $325 million and whose hotel and retail space are also separately up for sale by owners Rockpoint Group and Highgate Hotels, is being looked at by potential buyers as a likely CMBS deal, people familiar with the site say.For property buyers, the securities offer several key advantages. One is speed. In recent years, purchasers of big properties had to herd together teams of banks to come up with the hundreds of millions of dollars in financing their deals required because none of the lenders was willing to shoulder the burden themselves. Knowing that they can quickly sell off loans in tiny slices as securities allows single banks to commit to vastly larger loans. Lately, the mortgage securities have begun to offer another benefit: lower costs. Funds available through CMBS are increasingly available at lower rates than those demanded by life-insurance companies and other lenders that plan to keep them on their own balance sheets."CMBS right now is offering interest rates around 4%, which are the lowest that have been available since the Second World War," Mr. Fink said.For big property owners like George Comfort & Sons and RCG Longview, the securities offer the chance to raise vast sums cheaply and quickly by taking out loans against their holdings. That is cash that they can then put back to work by buying other properties, adding yet more demand to the market. In kind, SL Green, the city's largest landlord, just refinanced 1515 Broadway, the Times Square office tower that is the headquarters for media giant Viacom. In that deal, the company took a $900 million CMBS loan against the property. Similarly, Tishman Speyer recently securitized a roughly $190 million loan tied to a Los Angeles office complex called Wilshire Courtyard that it purchased late last year. Tishman Speyer is now searching for hundreds of millions of dollars in CMBS financing for the 32-story tower it owns at 11 W. 42nd St., sources say.
ADA, Minn. — A 20-year-old woman has pleaded guilty in Norman County District Court to second-degree manslaughter in the shooting death of her boyfriend last summer, a tragic ending to the pair's attempt at finding online fame.
Under a plea agreement between the prosecution and defense, Monalisa Perez would serve 180 days in jail and spend 10 years on supervised probation. The judge, however, will have the final say on her sentence.
Last June, police said Perez shot and killed her boyfriend, 22-year-old Pedro Ruiz III, who was holding up a book as part of a stunt they recorded and planned to feature on YouTube. Court documents suggest the two thought the book would stop the bullet.
Perez entered her guilty plea on Friday. Her sentencing will likely be in February, said Norman County Attorney Jim Brue.
According to court documents:
The shooting happened June 26 in Halstad, about 35 miles north of Moorhead. When emergency workers arrived at the scene, they attempted lifesaving measures on Ruiz, but he was later declared dead. Related Articles Minnesota man gets 10 years for attacking N.D. priest in dispute over woman
Sheriff: Deputy fatally shot person during western Minnesota domestic call
I-94 westbound reopens in Minneapolis following crash
Deadline to apply for Washington County sheriff's Citizen Academy is Thursday
Highland Park Middle School online threat began with argument at school, police say
After the shooting, authorities found a gold Desert Eagle .50-caliber handgun in the grass near the couple's home.
Perez told a Norman County sheriff's deputy that Ruiz, who is the father of her two children, wanted to make a video of her shooting a book and that Ruiz believed the book would stop the bullet.
She said the incident was recorded, and she gave the deputy two cameras. Those videos are considered evidence and won't be released until the conclusion of the case.
Perez said Ruiz set up one camera on the back of a vehicle and the other on a ladder nearby. She said she agreed to make the video and to shoot the gun after Ruiz showed her a different book that he had shot that prevented the bullet from going all the way through. Related Articles Northfield firefighter killed in snowmobile crash during blizzard
Freak accident kills man as pickup being pulled from ditch in blizzard
Minnesota man gets 10 years for attacking N.D. priest in dispute over woman
Sheriff: Deputy fatally shot person during western Minnesota domestic call
MN county Republican group shares post comparing Bernie Sanders to Hitler; Jewish group calls it ‘deeply anti-Semitic'
She told authorities that she shot at Ruiz from about a foot away while Ruiz held a book to his chest. The bullet went into her boyfriend's chest.
Perez posted a message on Twitter about 5 p.m. that Monday in June, saying: “Me and Pedro are probably going to shoot one of the most dangerous videos ever. HIS idea not MINE.”
An emergency call to the Norman County Sheriff's Office came at 6:30 p.m.
There are new rules this season for those declaring for the NBA draft, allowing them to announce a return to school by May 25 if they don't hire an agent.
Naturally, Kentucky head coach John Calipari weighed in on the new system, announcing a bold move by the entire Wildcats roster.
With that being said, every player who is eligible for the draft, including our walk-ons, will submit their names for the NBA Draft ... — John Calipari (@UKCoachCalipari) March 23, 2016
It's unclear if Calipari was being serious or not, as many of the players on the Wildcats roster have no chance at being drafted. Tyler Ulis, Jamal Murray, and Skal Labissiere do have a good chance at being first-round draft picks though, and it's likely they'll be turning pro.
And the hits just keep on comin' for Bitcoin.
Apparently, some folks are not being very forthright with the IRS when it comes to their Bitcoin trading habits where “not being forthright” means not reporting possible profits derived as a result of that trading. Imagine that, right?
In order to remedy this situation, the IRS served a summons on Coinbase seeking records on almost all of the company's customers for the 2013-2015 period.
Specifically, only “800-900” taxpayers “electronically filed a Form 8949 that included a property description that is likely related to bitcoin” in each of those years.
That's a problem because during those same years, “more than 14,000 Coinbase users either bought, sold, sent or received at least $20,000 worth of bitcoin.” Given that the price of Bitcoin only goes one direction (up) the IRS came to the common sense conclusion “that many Coinbase users may not be reporting their bitcoin gains.”
Makes sense.
But Coinbase wasn't loving that, because after all, the whole point of Bitcoin is that it's decentralized, so when you go handing over account information for all of your customers it kind of dents your reputation as a company that can keep a secret when it comes to what exactly is going on in the shadowy world of cryptocurrencies.
So Coinbase refused to comply. Enter IRS agent David Utzke, the senior revenue agent in the IRS's offshore compliance initiatives program whose job it is to handle “virtual currency matters.”
“[We are] conducting an investigation to determine the identity and correct federal income tax liability of United States persons who conducted transactions in a convertible virtual currency,” Utzke explains, in rather straightforward terms.
Eight months after the initial summons, the government filed a modified version and Coinbase refused to comply with that one too. Back in March, Coinbase decided to try and resolve this issue with the IRS but talks were broken off four months later.
Ultimately, a federal judge in San Francisco has now ruled that Coinbase must give the IRS identifying information, although if you read the order embedded below, parts of the government's petition were denied.
So I guess you can spin this however you want if you're Coinbase, but the bottom line is this:
Coinbase is ORDERED to produce the following documents for accounts with at least the equivalent of $20,000 in any one transaction type (buy, sell, send, or receive) in any one year during the 2013 to 2015 period: the taxpayer ID number, name, birth date, address, records of account activity including transaction logs or other records identifying the date, amount, and type of transaction (purchase/sale/exchange), the post transaction balance, and the names of counterparties to the transaction, and all periodic statements of account or invoices (or the equivalent).
Make of that what you will, but the crypto community isn't thrilled.
“We remain deeply unsatisfied with the lack of justification provided by the IRS,” Coin Center's Peter Van Valkenburgh told The Verge. “Without better rationale for why these specific transactions were suspect, a similarly sweeping request could be made for customer data from any financial institution. It sets a bad precedent for financial privacy.”
Yes, “a bad precedent for financial privacy.” Or, in other words, “a bad precedent for screwing over other taxpayers by not paying what you owe on the profits you made.”
Inventions Suppressed by the EPA
There is a great deception taking place in this country. A deception that has deprived Americans of its most valued resource: the innovations of its people.
As far back as the founding fathers, inventors have driven the economy. Electricity, the computer, the automobile, all represent the greatness of our problem-solving skills. But when it comes to the gasoline engine, the only innovations for fuel efficiency that work actually do little or nothing to reduce our fuel consumption.
Or so we would be led to believe.
Why is it, with millions upon millions of mechanics that not one single device or modification has been found to reduce the burden of fossil fuels? Why is it that for all the rumors of tremendous gains -some in excess of 100 MPG's-that not one device has made it to the market? Why is it no more than 5% gains (or so) can be proven by any device ever invented for this machine upon which our society depends so heavily?
The solution to this quandary lies (as so many others) within the halls of our government, made visible when you take a little look at history.
Back in 1970, in the wake of the dawning of the “Age of Aquarius”, as the people of this nation became aware of the poisoning of the planet and began to care about things like acid rain, the US Government founded the Environmental Protection Agency .
The purpose of this agency is explained in its name, and it has accomplished many good and wonderful things. Things like environmental clean-up of hazardous waste, monitoring and cleaning up industrial pollution and tremendous fines for violators (which are rarely collected, except from the little guys).
In the 1970′s with the first ever “ Energy Crisis “, our fuel prices began to be an issue. Fuel-efficiency devices began popping up in almost every city, many of which (sadly) either did not work, or worse, caused harm to engines. This became an issue to consumers, and they cried for protection from their leaders and the EPA was assigned the task of validating the claims these inventors made.
In response to the outraged citizens' cry for help, our government, in conjunction with the newly formed EPA, established acceptable testing methodologies and dubbed them the “ Federal Testing Protocols “ or FTP. These tests put a vehicle through a series of driving conditions during which the exhaust was monitored and measured, and the claims either validated or invalidated.
Both the consumer and the successful inventor now had their champion. Someone they could trust to both protect the unwary and to defend the righteous. Inventors with discoveries to share with others turned to them, all to be turned away as abject failures.
In its entire history, the EPA has not found one single innovation to be effective at increasing fuel efficiency. After thousands (or tens of thousands) of inventions being tested by their protocols, not one has received their vote of approval.
Thousands of inventions proved false? Doesn't this strike you as odd?
As you read on, remember the phrase “your mileage may vary”. This was the disclaimer put on every vehicle sold in the USA, which these tests validated. The reason is they have known since day one their tests were not conclusive, and this was their way out.
Here's how the testing procedures work.
A vehicle is presented to the testing facility, and subjected to a battery of tests where the vehicle is run under simulated operating conditions in a controlled environment. Samples (this fact is curiously not mentioned in their description) of the exhaust are taken throughout the entire course which are then tested for carbon content. Applying certain algorithms, and considering the displacement of the engine, the fuel consumption is determined.
Ask yourself one question. If you don't measure the fuel consumption , how can you get a mileage count?
You can't.
Look at it like this. Take a bottle of water and remove an eye dropper full and have it analyzed. The results will show H2O and whatever trace minerals are present. Drink almost all the water and repeat the process. The tests will be identical, with the addition of a little of your saliva, because the percentages of the constituents are the same. Yet only a fraction of the water remains.
According to the EPA, both bottles hold the same amount of water.
With cars, the computer determines the percentages in the exhaust using what is known as an Oxygen Sensor . This device senses the oxygen present in the exhaust and sends a signal to the computer. The computer takes that signal and translates that into the Air-Fuel Ratio . Then, as the engine runs, it continues to adjust the AFR to keep it at the level for which it was programmed.
So, no matter how much fuel your system consumed, the computer, doing what it does, will always keep the ratio (the percentage values) within a certain range.
Let me repeat that. “The computer will always keep the percentage values of the exhaust within a certain range.” So, these tests can never show a mileage gain, as all they measure are percentages!
So long as the computer modulates the fuel delivery, they can not show any gains in these tests with ANY device that works on engine efficiency. Ever. Period. End of discussion.
When I approached the EPA regarding the inadequacies of their testing protocols I discovered in validating The Gadgetman Groove, they referred me to a new program, called the Environmental Technology Verification Program (or the ETV) who “verifies the performance of innovative technologies that have the potential to improve protection of human health and the environment.”
The problem is they refused to alter these protocols by adding the additional parameters of measuring the fuel consumed during the tests, or the quantity of the exhaust. Either of these would solve the issue, but they refused, stating this “does not fit accepted EPA testing protocols” and would thereby “render any results so obtained invalid.”
After more than three months of communications with this division, they finally stopped answering my calls and my e-mails.
Why? I mean, if their mission statement says the ETV “ develops test protocols “ why won't they add these parameters? Is there something wrong with measuring the fuel? How would this invalidate the results?
It can't.
The bottom line here are many thousands of people, myself included, have fallen prey to this falsehood. An unknown number of solutions have been created to solve our world's problems, and the respected authorities, through application of faulty and inadequate testing methods, shove them (and their solutions) into obscurity.
If they were to agree to adding to the protocols, it would prove conclusively the fraud that has been perpetrated on every fuel-efficiency developer since the mid-70′s that has submitted their devices for validation.
And that, they will not do,
It is tme for us to make up our own minds, and to not only question authority, but to challenge it.
My name is Ron Hatton
Developer of “The Gadgetman Groove”
See what the author is doing on YouTube.
www.GadgetmanGroove.com
POST SCRIPT: I will be leaving Mesa, Arizona on March 1st, 2012 for a nationwide tour, demonstrating my technology in 35 cities in 35 weeks. If you would like to see The Gadgetman Groove demonstrated in your town, contact me. Details can be found on the Groovy Forums at www.GadgetmanGroove.com
Released mid-2015, the HTC One M9 had to compete with the likes of the Samsung Galaxy S6 and S6 Edge; in 2018, it has fresh competition from the likes of the Motorola Moto G6, which at the time of updating this review costs £200 – coincidentally, so does the One M9.
So, is the One M9 worth it, or has this three-year-old smartphone past its sell-by date? Well, if you're looking for snappy performance, a solid build quality and a decent camera to boot, the HTC is a fantastic choice. If you're looking for a more elongated screen, a closer-to-stock Android experience and a fast-charging device; you'd be better off getting the newer Moto G6 instead.
If you want to know more about the One M9, continue reading Katharine's review, below.
Prior to the HTC One M9 and HTC 10, the stunning One M8 set the standard for HTC's products. Since the One M8's release, its successors, including the One M9 have a similar design. That's not to say that the One M9 isn't a beautiful-looking phone, but it doesn't have the same 'wow factor' as some of HTC's previous flagship handsets or even the Samsung Galaxy S6 and S6 Edge, that standout.
It also doesn't help that the HTC One M9 has exactly the same kind of display as the One M8. Rather increasing the resolution to 2,560 x 1,440, the One M9 has a 5in, 1920 x 1,080 display - where if you want an HTC phone with a higher-end display, you'll have to go for the newer HTC 10.
^ Looking at the One M9 (left) and One M8 (right) side by side, you'd be hard pushed to tell them apart
HTC One M9 review: Design and build quality
Staying the same isn't necessarily a bad thing, as the small refinements HTC has made to the One M9 make it an instantly more appealing handset than its predecessor. For instance, it's now far more angular around the edges and the distinct lip around the side of the phone makes it much easier to grip and hold securely – unlike the One M8 which constantly felt like we were about to drop it.
HTC has also added a dash of colour into the phone's frame, taking inspiration from luxury watches and fine jewellery. It's a similar idea to what we've seen from the HTC Desire Eye, which had an additional band of colour infused directly into the phone's soft-touch chassis. Here, the same effect has been applied to the One M9, only with metal instead of plastic.
^ The One M9 has more angular edges than the One M8, making it easier to hold and grip
It's a subtle effect, but one that really adds a touch of class to the handset, making it look and feel even more like a premium handset compared to last year's model. Our review sample was a fetching silver and gold model, but it's also available in a darker gunmetal grey with mirrored grey side-walls, and a gold version with mirrored polished gold side-walls.
Other small flourishes include a machined finish on the power button much like that on the Nexus 6 and 2nd Gen Moto X and a sapphire glass camera lens. Naturally, the back has a scratch-resistant coating, but several contract providers are currently bundling in free DotView cases with transparent backs so you can still see the phone's metal chassis. There will also an IPX68-rated waterproof DotView case available, so you can use it in the bath or a heavy rain shower without it taking damage.
^ A variety of DotView cases will be available for the One M9, but many of them now let you see the metal underneath instead of hiding it away
Of course, none of these are particularly compelling reasons to upgrade if you already own an M8, but for those in the market for a new contract, it's certainly got the legs to go head-to-head with either the Samsung Galaxy S6 or Galaxy S6 Edge. Despite being thicker and heavier than Samsung's Galaxy S6, measuring 144x70x9.6mm and weighing 157g compared to the S6's 143x70x6.8mm and 138g, it's easily just as attractive.
Dark Moon- Added 10 new heroes:Axe, Legion Commander, Bristleback, Venomancer, Shadow Fiend, Juggernaut, Storm Spirit, Nature's Prophet, Leshrac, and Witch Doctor.- Fixed an exploit that let Dark Seer sell items from creep illusions.- Fixed a bug that could cause the round 5 Bonus Chicken to teleport out too early.- Fixed a bug with the round summary that could cause a loop sound to play until the next round ended.Dark Moon Tusk:- Reduced Tusk's Ice Shards cooldown.- Increased Tusk's Ice Shards damage.- Increased Snowball damage bonus.- Increased Snowball stun duration.- Reduced Sigil's mana cost.Dark Moon Phoenix:- Reduced Icarus Dive cooldown.- Reduced Icarus Dive hp cost.- Increased Icarus Dive damage per second.- Increased Icarus Dive movement slow.- Reduced Sun Ray's hp cost per second.- Increased Sun Ray's heal percent.- Fixed Axe's “Culling Blade” with “Blood Chaser” Immortal.- Fixed a bug where Daily & Weekly Quests in the Battle Pass were not granting their point rewards. These have been retroactively granted.- Fixed a bug where the trophy and emoticon rewards for winning the Dark Moon event were not being granted. These have been retroactively granted.Custom Games- Fixed a bug with Fog of War display in custom games with large maps.- Fixed an issue with the hero picker blocking the custom game team setup screen by default.- Fixed a regression in spawning runes in custom games.- Fixed several issues in Overthrow, Colosseum, and 10v10.
It's been busy in the Arcade Fire department this week. Not only did the band play a surprise gig in Montreal in which they debuted all new songs, but James Murphy (Founder, LCD Soundsystem) is now confirmed in helping to produce three or four of the tracks on the new album as well. The as-of-yet untitled release is due later in 2013. ArcadeFireTube reports that AF's manager Scott Rodger is featured in the industry trade journal Music Week. In the story it's revealed that the band is working with “Murphy on three or so songs, plus Markus Dravs who is a long-time collaborator. They write too many songs — that's a good problem to have. There's around 35 songs with Arcade Fire, two albums'-worth for sure.”
Should we just pencil in Arcade Fire for another Grammy?
Arcade Fire's manager confirming Arcade Fire are working with James Murphy and Markus Dravs. #AFlp4 — Arcade Fire Tube 🌐 (@ArcadeFireTube) December 7, 2012
It doesn't show up on the main page, but a Google crawl of the Eircom Spiders site reveals that it has been hacked and is being used to sell Viagra and other prescription drugs.
Dublin web expert Antonie Geerts was looking for the shortlists for the Awards this evening; he was surprised to see a Google results page offering prescription drugs for sale from the eircomspiders.ie domain:
In my search for the shortlists I found out that @eircomspiders is selling pharmaceuticals! #hacked #eircomspiders http://t.co/659zsliiRK … — Antonie Geerts (@AntonieGeerts) October 15, 2014
According to Antonie, it appears to be a well known WordPress hack called the ‘Pharma Hack', which has been described as “tricky to remove“, and prone to reappearing.
The Eircom Spiders was Ireland's first web awards, originally associated with Eircom's forerunner, Telecom Éireann, and known as the Golden Spider Awards. Hacking eircomspiders.ie could be considered something of a coup for the drug peddlers, as it is a well known and much linked site.
Related articles
UCLA football coach Rick Neuheisel dismissed three incoming freshmen -- wideout Paul Richardson, cornerback Shaquille Richardson and linebacker Josh Shirley -- from the team for violating rules, the program announced Tuesday.
"The three young men know they made a terrible mistake," Neuheisel said in a statement released by the school. "We expect our players to behave a certain way and there are consequences when they don't. Paul, Shaquille and Josh are paying a steep price for their lapse in judgment. They will not be allowed to enroll in school this fall and will not have the opportunity to begin their UCLA academic and athletic careers."
The three, who had been enrolled in summer school, were arrested by University of California Police on June 23 on suspicion of stealing a purse and face felony theft charges. The Richardsons, who are cousins, and Shirley have been dropped from summer courses and may face additional punishment from the Office of the Dean of Students, according to the school's release.
The three will not be allowed to enroll for the fall quarter, which begins in late September. They may be able to enroll in January if they meet requirements set by Neuheisel.
"That decision will be based on several factors, including their behavior," Neuheisel said.
Blair Angulo is author of the UCLA blog on ESPNLosAngeles.com.
From Bulbapedia, the community-driven Pokémon encyclopedia.
A Cornn Berry (Japanese: モコシのみ Mokoshi Fruit) is a type of Berry introduced in Generation III.
Locations
Growth and harvest
Generation III
A Cornn Berry will mature from a planted seed to a full-grown, fruit-bearing tree in 24 hours, with 6 hours per stage. A Cornn tree will yield 2-4 Berries.
Generation IV
A Cornn Berry will mature from a planted seed to a full-grown, fruit-bearing tree in 24 hours, with 6 hours per stage. A Cornn tree will yield 2-10 Berries.
Uses
Berry Blending
Verdanturf Fallarbor Slateport Lilycove Cornn Berry Indigo Indigo
Berry Crushing
At 100% performance, a Cornn Berry will contribute 300 units of powder.
Poffin Cooking
At 100% performance, a Cornn Berry can produce a Level 14 (maybe higher) Dry-Sweet Poffin when cooking alone.
Artwork
Dream World artwork
In the manga
A Cornn Berry in Pokémon Adventures
In the Pokémon Adventures manga
In Stunning Staravia & Stinky Skuntank I, a Cornn Berry was one of the Berries that fell out of Lax's fur when the Advanced level Grunt's Gible hit it with Dragon Rush.
Names
Language Name Origin Japanese モコシのみ Mokoshi no Mi From モロコシ morokoshi, sorghum English Cornn Berry From corn French Baie Siam From maïs, maize German Saimbeere From Mais, maize Italian Baccavena From the genus Avena Spanish Baya Mais From maíz, maize Korean 수숙열매 Susuk Yeolmae From 수수 susu (蜀黍), sorghum Chinese ( Mandarin ) 玉黍果 Yùshǔ Guǒ * From 玉米 yùmǐ (corn) and 蜀黍 shǔshǔ (sorghum) 紫黍 Zǐshǔ * From 紫 zǐ (purple) and 蜀黍 shǔshǔ (sorghum) Chinese ( Cantonese ) 玉黍果 Yuhksyú Gwó From 玉米 yuhkmáih (corn) and 蜀黍 suhksyú (sorghum)
Description
One year ago on this very weekend, I gave each person in my gaming group a set of fudge dice. In return they got me drunk, and in a fit of alcohol induce inspiration, convinced me to launch a kickstarter for six-sided wooden dice. I launched that project asking for $300, and expected to have a tough time raising even that much cash. Much to my surprise we raised over 5 times that amount in the first 24 hours, and when the dust settled 30 days later we had raised well over $90,000 with near enough 1200 backers. I wanted to thank each and every one of those 1200 folks. Without their support Artisan Dice would not exist. Thanks to our awesome backers and our nearly rabid facebook fans, I have the coolest job in world.
So to celebrate the end of a whirl wind year, and the upcoming launch of our next Kickstarter project on Monday, March the 11th, we're giving away a ton of stuff this weekend. Included the very first machined stainless steel polyhedral dice! These are the very dice we used to R&D our new metal dice line back in December. And yes they will be engraved later today so they will have numbers before you get them ;). How do you win these historic dice? We'll first you need to head on over to our facebook page and share this post and like our page to help us get the last 500 fans to break the 5000 follower mark before 12:00am CST on Sunday March 10th. We'll announce the winner at midnight shortly before officially launching our Polyhedral Project on Kickstarter. For those of you without facebook you can comment on this post to enter. If you have facebook we'd much appreciate you entering there to help us spread the word.
Now giving away a single set of dice just isn't our style. Artisan Dice was started with the idea to give freely and give often so our facebook fans all know that when we give stuff away, we give away a ton of stuff. So while we finish up the last of the original Kickstarter orders this weekend we'll be posting upsets of dice for you to win periodically. All you'll have to do is participate in some fun competitions and help spread the word about our new polyhedral Kickstarter by sharing this post. If we can fund our project in the first 24 hours, we'll be giving away one set from every single backer level to our facebook fans since we know that as awesome as Kickstarter is, not everyone can participate in the fun.
The last thing we are doing to celebrate our first anniversary is to give each and every one of our customers 15% off of everything we make for the entire weekend. All you need to do is enter “ilikedice” as the discount code when you check out.
So head on over to our facebook page and help us celebrate our 1st birthday and win some very cool dice in the process!
Settlement Information
Settlement Status Update: On July 13, 2015, the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals dismissed the appeal of the single objector. Once the time for any further appeals has been exhausted, the parties anticipate distribution of benefits pursuant to the settlement agreement. Please consult this website for further updates.
THE CLAIM SUBMISSION PERIOD EXPIRED ON DECEMBER 12, 2014.
Overview Of The Proposed Settlement
In re Porsche Cars North America, Inc. Plastic Coolant Tubes Products Liability Litigation
United States District Court for the Southern District of Ohio
If you are a current or prior owner or lessee of a Model Year 2003-2006 Porsche Cayenne vehicle with a V8 engine in the United States you could be affected by a class action settlement.
A Settlement was approved by the Court in a class action lawsuit alleging that some 2003 to 2006 model year Porsche Cayenne vehicles with V8 engines were equipped with plastic coolant pipes that can prematurely degrade or fracture. Those vehicles are known as the “Class Vehicles” and the individuals who owned or leased such Class Vehicles are known as “Class Members.” Porsche Cars North America ("PCNA") was not found liable for any of the claims alleged in this lawsuit. The parties instead voluntarily reached a settlement. Under the Settlement and subject to proof, PCNA will provide a benefit to Class Members for past or future coolant pipe repairs in Class Vehicles.
Your legal rights may be affected whether or not you act. Please review the Notice and other information on this website carefully.
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS AND OPTIONS IN THIS LAWSUIT ARE EACH DESCRIBED BELOW MAKE A CLAIM Benefits under this Settlement depend on the Class Member's ownership status at the time of the coolant pipe repair. The following are the general benefits available to Class Members:
If your Class Vehicle had a coolant pipe repair before December 12, 2013, for which you incurred out-of-pocket expenses for parts and labor costs, you may be eligible to receive partial or complete reimbursement for that repair if you made a valid, timely and approved claim.
If as of December 12, 2013, your Class Vehicle has not had a coolant pipe repair to install genuine Porsche aluminum coolant pipes, you may be eligible to receive a partial or complete payment for replacement of your Class Vehicle's coolant pipes with genuine Porsche aluminum coolant pipes if you made a valid, timely and approved claim.
If as of December 12, 2013, your Class Vehicle was still equipped with Porsche plastic coolant pipes and, within one year from December 12, 2013, experienced coolant pipe damage, you may be eligible to receive a partial or complete payment for replacement of your Class Vehicle's Porsche plastic coolant pipes with genuine Porsche aluminum coolant pipes if you promptly contacted PCNA for an inspection and submitted a valid, timely and approved claim.
All claims for a benefit under this Settlement must have been made by December 12, 2014, and subject to the terms of the Settlement. The Claim Form Deadline has now passed. EXCLUDE YOURSELF The Exclusion Deadline has now passed. OBJECT The Objection Deadline has now passed. GO TO A HEARING The Court held a fairness hearing on March 10, 2014 and approved the Settlement. DO NOTHING If you did nothing, you will not have the opportunity to receive any potential benefit related to the coolant pipes in your Class Vehicle. You will also lose your rights to sue PCNA and the companies released by virtue of the Settlement for coolant pipe damage in your Class Vehicle and you will be bound by the rulings made in this case.
These rights and options - and the deadlines to exercise them - are explained in the Notice
Without a doubt Nisekoi is sitting as one of the best sets to play right now. With how well Nisekoi can close out games, even when they are behind, players have to learn to deal with it's crazy end game and consistency rate it has right now. We will be exploring some of the few ways Nisekoi looses out and a few of it's bad match-ups.
Exploring the Flaws
Though Nisekoi in some ways seems like this unbeatable monster right now, there are a few things most meta builds have problems with. The deck's level 0 and 1 game can be extremely lack luster and can cause a lot of problems for them. Most Nisekoi decks set up their level 0 game as utility with ways to keep up hand advantage. Due to this, depending on the build, these decks have problems sitting at level 0 for too long. You can slowly build some advantage or even play a couple cards in front at 0 and swing away. If they cancel too much, you will be just gaining advantage each turn. Though this is more of a luck of the draw type of situations, it's good to at least be able to recognize this. What really causes problems is their level 1 game.
One of the reasons Nisekoi goes for the 1/0 6K clock encore at level 1 is handsize. Nisekoi is the type of set that needs to keep it;s hand size at a decent level between 5-6 cards at the start of attack step so it can transition well into it's end game. With this in mind you can abuse their level 1 game by having a decent power level 1 game (7.5K-9.5K). this causes your opponent to consistently clock encore or run in their characters to maintain some kind of field and handsize. Though these decks run the 1/1 3K counter pendent to try to compinsate for their lack of power on defense. Not only does a power level 1 game work in your favor it also causes their 1/0 Marika Climax Combo to fail miserably at level 1. What makes this card such a strong card is that it keeps your handsize up while letting you play a Climax. Being able to salvage a character of your choice to set up your later game is a strong ability to have at level 1.
Though having a strong level 1 game can help you out a lot in this match up, it does let the Nisekoi player have the option of getting to level 2 sooner for their Early Onidera game to come out and cause problems for you. Even if you push them a head they can swing it around with being able to play 2-3 Level 3s at level 2 to have a wall of 2 soul beaters to catch up on the damage front. The only thing that can help here is you can counter their level 3s and cause them to lose out on having their early level 3 beater.
When putting it down it does feel like you're hopeless when it comes to dealing with the meta build on the field. Nisekoi does run a lot less healers than normal (around 2-3 normally) so at least when you get damage in you do know it will most likely stick. Heading into level 1 if the Nisekoi player doesn't get a pendent off and you notice 2-3 pendents in the waiting room, You might want to try to push them to an early level 3 to cause stock problems for them. Stock is something Nisekoi likes to use freely and each turn they would ideally like to have at least 4 stock to play with, especially heading into their level 3 game.
Match ups
There are a few match-ups for Nisekoi that can be tough for them to close out a game either due to an ability or card effect. These sets are Little Busters!, DC, and Kantai Collection. Though there might be more tough match ups for Nisekoi I'm just going to lightly touch on some of the cards and sets for this section.
Right now these series are some of the tougher sets for this match up while at the same time being a tier 1 deck right now. These sets carry a lot of strong abilities while carrying a card that counters the end game for Nisekoi very hard.
Money makes all problems go away!
The ability to give your opponent's character the ability to be unable to deal player damage puts a big hamper on Nisekoi's end game plan. Yes they are able to get one burn off, but they are now unable to restand and deal and damage to you. this will usually buy you at least 1 turn to end them or delay their game plan. Sometimes it could be in your favor to only counter the 2nd time after they have paid the cost to restand Marika so they lose out on 2 stock and 3 cards, though it's highly unlikely for this to be an optimal play.
On top of that these sets either have a very strong way to set up their game plan, for example Little Busters! right now has one of the best toolbox games in my opinion. Their set has a decent amount of good abilities and cards that are worth searching out while they have a level 0 searcher that finds level 1 and lower, but also they have a great level 1 Climax combo that searches out level 2 and higher characters letting them set up their end game, which can be one of the more aggressive end games available right now compared to Nisekoi.
End game requiring on reverse effects, Nisekoi is highly susceptible to these type of enders, like clock shooters, or burn on reverse, or even their own Marika. Due to how tight packed the deck can be, it's hard for them to fit any real counters into the deck. IF you're hitting over 15K you really have no fear of them beating you out, especially if they already have a few of the pendent counters in memory.
Well, hopefully some of this helped you guys out having trouble dealing with this set in tournament play. I will be surprised if this set doesn't get hit whenever the next ban list gets released. Unless Bushiroad is planning to push the power creep up to the next level. Expect sets coming out in the future to have some silly abilities or game changing effects.
Also be on the lookout for a new tier list coming out soon. I'll be working on one and releasing it probably within a week or 2 from this post.
Advertisements
After 20 months of public input and a few tense debates trying to nail down a 2014 bond program, the Fort Worth City Council on Tuesday unanimously approved a project list that will reduce spending on public art and focus primarily on streets, sidewalks and parks.
The $292 million bond program will go to the voters for their approval in the May 10 municipal elections.
Council members stressed that the projects will be paid for without increasing taxes; but they will add to the city's debt. As of October, the city's outstanding principal for property-tax-supported debt was $703.395 million, and the city owed $254.81 million in outstanding interest.
“The toughest thing was how do we fund all of the wants of our citizens, but I think we have an excellent balance,” said Mayor Betsy Price.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Star-Telegram
After a debate that went back and forth between council members for months, the council agreed on a one-time reduction in the public art funds, which have historically received 2 percent of the bond total.
This bond package will direct roughly 1.2 percent of the total to public art, using a formula that includes diverting funds from transportation bond money and cutting the fund from $5.84 million to $3.59 million.
That money, plus a $400,000 reduction in new playground equipment, adds $1.4 million for transportation grant matches, $950,000 for improvements at the McLeland Tennis Center, Rosemont Park and Victory Forest Park, and $350,000 for a levee at the Fort Worth Nature Center and Refuge.
Council members are calling this bond package one of the most vetted in the council's history, after scheduling 17 district-specific meetings for residents to comment, three citywide meetings and multiple sessions for neighborhood associations and other interested groups. The city also set up a website to take comments on the proposed list of projects and had a survey specific to public art.
After the public input phase ended in November, the city staff came back to the council in December with a new list of proposed projects, including reducing urban villages from $9 million to $6 million, transit-oriented development from $7 million to $4.5 million and cutting money for the Rockwood Golf Course.
The staff also added projects, such as $1.26 million for bicycle infrastructure.
On Tuesday, the council approved changes to the public art process by dictating that the Fort Worth Art Commission will consist of three art professionals, two design professionals and four community representatives.
Changing the process came amid concerns from council members that the program has failed at times to serve residents — one example being the mural at the Westside Water Treatment Plant, which is closed to the public.
The proposition asks voters to specifically approve seven items on May 10. While council members discussed specific projects, the propositions do not list those projects, to give the city leeway.
For example, if the city receives a grant for one of the parks, the city will need the authority to redirect the bond money.
The projects are:
• Transportation and infrastructure, funded at $219.74 million, makes up about 75 percent of the total $292 million 2014 bond program.
• Parks and community services, funded at $31.44 million, includes several million for improvements to Chisholm Trail Park, Rosemont Park, Trail Drivers Park and Z Boaz Park, as well as new community centers and improvements to the McLeland Tennis Center.
• An east-side library and library for far north Fort Worth are funded at $12.65 million.
• Two new fire stations are funded at $9.28 million.
• Municipal Court renovations are funded at $1.53 million.
• Facility-related expenses, such as building a new vehicle maintenance facility in north Fort Worth, are funded at $15.08 million.
• A new animal care and control center and an expansion to the Silcox Animal Care and Control facility would be funded at $2.35 million.
I realised with a surprise at the weekend that we've never featured a vintage Husqvarna motorcycle. One tends to associate the Swedish brand (est. 1903) with its all-conquering motocross machines from the 60s and 70s, but the earlier models are worthy of attention too.
Like this beautiful, monochromatic 496 cc V-twin from 1935, a racing bike that I've oft lingered over. To my eyes, it looks as good as any vintage Harley or Indian from the pre-War era, and the white paint is perfect—Husqvarna always seemed to give its machines great colors.
This one was no slouch, either, with 41 bhp and a dry weight of only 124 kg. That equated to a top speed of 119 mph, a sensational figure for the 1930s. Today, the Husky is safely ensconced in the Deutsche Zweirad- und NSU-Museum in Neckarsulm. It's one of the world's lesser-known motorcycle museums, but worth a visit if you find yourself in southern Germany.
Full filesystem scan
To start a full filesystem scan select Analyzer → Scan Filesystem from the menu, or press on the Scan Filesystem toolbar button.
When the scanning process ends up, you will get the full tree of your filesystem, like the one in the next Figure.
Figure 2. Disk Usage Analyzer Full filesystem scan
When you run a full filesystem scan, Disk Usage Analyzer window will start drawing the tree as soon as the thread starts scanning the filesystem. If any large partition is mounted on the filesystem, that will be scanned too.
Disk Usage Analyzer will display sizes in the directory tree as allocated space. This means that the displayed sizes refer to the actual disk usage and not to the apparent directory size. If you want to view the apparent file size, uncheck View → Allocated Space .
Disk Usage Analyzer will not count the /proc dir, nor any file size that is not related to a "plain" file, so symlinks, character blocks, device blocks will not be part of the directory size.
Hard-links are managed in a different way: this first hardlink is counted as a normal file, while the subsequent links to the same inode device are not counted in the total, but highlighted in the right-hand column of the window.
ANDERSON, S.C. — A federal judge appointed by then-president Jimmy Carter has rejected a motion by a national humanist organization to block prayers at events in a South Carolina school district, as well as ban the school from holding graduation ceremonies at a local university chapel.
U.S. District Court Judge George Ross Anderson reportedly scoffed at the American Humanist Association's (AHA) request for an injunction against the Greenville School District, stating that it was “making a mountain out of a molehill.”
In May of this year, an anonymous couple contacted the AHA to complain that Mountain View Elementary School had held its graduation ceremony at the chapel on the campus of North Greenville University, a Christian institution in Traveler's Rest. They also cited that prayers had been presented at the event.
The prayers, according to reports, had been written by the children and were reviewed by school officials before being presented.
In response to the complaint, AHA wrote to the Greenville School District, demanding that it change the location for future events and that it discontinue invocations at school ceremonies. However, when the district refused, AHA filed a lawsuit in federal court, requesting an injunction in an attempt to force an end to the practice via court order.
On Tuesday, attorney Aaron Kozloski argued that both the venue and the presentation of prayers violated the separation of church and state and the Establishment Clause of the United States Constitution. The school district said that the venue provided a location that could sufficiently hold the crowds that attended the event.
In hearing both sides, Anderson expressed his unhappiness with AHA's legal challenge.
Connect with Christian News
Follow @4christiannews
“Frankly, I'm very upset with the way you have proceeded with this case,” he stated, according to local television station WLOS.
Anderson then denied AHA's request for an injunction.
“I'm not granting the motion, just so there is no misunderstanding,” he stated. “In fact, I'm very disappointed.”
Kosloski seemed not to be concerned by the denial.
“Sometimes you get them,” he told reporters following the decision, “Sometimes you don't.”
But North Greenville University President Jimmy Epting praised Anderson, stating that he made the right choice.
“We at North Greenville University are very pleased with the judges' decision and it is very appropriate for this situation. It allows our university to continue our efforts to meet the needs of our community and schools,” he wrote in a statement. “We believe that it's time that our legislators and others take a stand in South Carolina against those that are trying to take away our constitutional rights.”
While the preliminary injunction was denied, the case will still move forward to trial. Anderson stated that he would like to hear the case sooner than later, noting that the district's request for 90 days preparation was too long for his personal preference.
Photo: North Greenville University
FOX Carolina 21
Sen. John McCain continued his defense of the 'don't ask, don't tell' policy. | REUTERS McCain: 'Don't ask, don't tell' works
Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) took a swipe Sunday at President Barack Obama's call to repeal "don't ask, don't tell," saying the policy is working and that overturning it is a political ploy from an "inexperienced" leader.
Obama's call to repeal "don't ask, don't tell" amounts to "a political promise made by an inexperienced president or candidate for president of the United States," McCain said on CNN's "State of the Union."
Story Continued Below
McCain, the GOP's 2008 presidential candidate and ranking member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, continued his months-long defense of the policy that prohibits gays and lesbians from openly serving in the military.
"The military is at its highest point in recruitment, in retention, in professionalism, in capability," McCain said." "To somehow allege that this policy has been damaging the military is simply false."
The Pentagon is set Tuesday to release the results of its study into the policy's effect on troop morale and its recommendation on the future of "don't ask, don't tell." Additionally, two top American defense officials are slated to appear on Capitol Hill this week to discuss the report.
Georgene Mortimer, who runs a winery and lives in Hilton Head, S.C., was recently having trouble accessing the online health insurance exchange. So she decided to check in with the local insurance agent who in 2010 had sold her an individual health insurance policy from a company named USHealth Group. It didn't take long for Mortimer to realize something was off.
“She started to basically tell me how bad the exchanges are, and that the exchanges are only for the very sick people,” Mortimer told TPM in an interview last week. “And she said, ‘Have you had cancer, heart attack, you or your husband?' And I said no. And she said, ‘Good, because if you said yes, I would have had to recommend the exchanges.'”
The agent then proceeded to offer Mortimer a product that she touted as not meeting the minimum coverage requirements set by the Affordable Care Act (ACA). The agent strongly recommended that Mortimer sign up before Jan. 1, and said that she could lock her premiums in for three years.
“I said, I thought that non-compliant ACA policies can't be sold,” Mortimer said. “She said, ‘we can still sell ACA non-compliant plans, but we can't compete on the exchange.' And I didn't know — I didn't think that was possible.”
The Affordable Care Act was designed to make sure all Americans had a certain level of insurance. But TPM has learned that USHealth Group is actively telling consumers that they don't need that minimum level. In fact, company representatives are telling people they'd be better off without it. And the company may be just one player in a larger industry trend, where companies see non-ACA compliant plans, like the so-called fixed benefit coverage marketed by USHealth Group, as a business opportunity.
Health care industry analysts have long derided the kinds of non-insurance health care coverage products the company is selling as “junk insurance.”
“They were not intended to be health insurance,” Sabrina Corlette, a research professor at the Health Policy Institute at Georgetown University, told TPM, speaking about fixed benefit plans. “They were intended to be what are called income replacement policies. … But over the years, these things have kind of morphed. And for many people, unfortunately, mainly because they come with a cheaper sticker price, they are marketed as and treated as health insurance. Even though the coverage is really crappy.”
USHealth Group's pitch is three-fold, according to accounts provided to TPM by Mortimer and another prospective customer. First, it says, it is a misconception that everyone needs ACA-compliant insurance. Second, USHealth Group plans are cheaper than ACA-compliant policies, even after customers pay the tax penalty for failing to comply with the ACA's individual mandate. Third, Obamacare is scary.
The company's argument can resonate with some people, and seems at least partially geared toward attracting people who oppose the ACA for political reasons.
On a recent weekday morning, Joe T.'s real estate office in Louisiana held its monthly company meeting. A representative from US Health Advisors, USHealth Group's distribution arm, was there. The agent handed out a pamphlet titled “PPACA & You,” a scan of which Joe T. provided to TPM, and spoke to a group of 20 or so real estate agents.
“I would say about 80 percent of his talk was spent on some sort of explanation or attack against Obamacare, and maybe 20 percent was about what his company could do,” Joe T. — who asked that his last name be withheld so as not to be identified by potential future clients — told TPM. “Which, the thing he mainly repeated over and over was that it would be cheaper to pay the penalty and get a plan through him.”
According to Joe T., the agent opened by telling his audience that anyone who was insured would not be able to keep their existing plans, and even if they were already insured they would have to pay the tax penalty. When asked about subsidies, the agent said that almost no one in the room would qualify. And he raised the prospect of a nightmarish future under Obamacare: six-month waits for doctors' appointments, spouses dropped from employer plans, employers dropping plans entirely.
“He also said that the entire tax penalty was just a way to make the government rich and that the Healthcare.gov website was just a way to give kickbacks to Obamacare supporters by paying them to develop a website that doesn't work,” Joe T. said.
The pamphlet the agent handed out argues that the ACA's insurance mandates have “made an already unpopular healthcare system even more confusing and expensive.” In comparison, the pamphlet says, USHealth Group's “portfolio is exempt from PPACA mandates, giving you the flexibility to choose the coverage options that work best for you, your family … and your budget!”
One kind of non-compliant plan sold by US Health Group is known as fixed indemnity or fixed benefit coverage. Under this kind of plan, companies reimburses customers a fixed amount of money for medical services. The ACA doesn't prohibit the sale of this kind of coverage, but fixed benefit coverage does not satisfy the law's individual mandate, and people with fixed benefit plans would either have to buy other, compliant coverage or pay the tax penalty.
Karen Pollitz, a senior fellow at the Kaiser Family Foundation, told TPM that a fixed benefit plan is “not health insurance, in the sense its going to protect you in any way from going broke.”
“People do need to be careful,” Pollitz said. “Not just because they won't be satisfying the mandate but because they will be uninsured and that never works out well for people.”
Laura Etherton, a health care policy analyst with U.S. Public Interest Research Group, echoed Pollitz's words.
“Consumers had good reason to be wary of these plans before now, and that hasn't changed,” Etherton said in an email to TPM. “What's changing as the ACA takes full effect in 2014 is that many consumers have decent options for actual health insurance, so products like this look even worse.”
USHealth Group is not some an upstart operation. Based in Texas, the company is a subsidiary of Credit Suisse, one of the world's largest banks, and claims to have served over 15 million customers over the years. It specializes in health care coverage products for the individual market. And while the company did not respond to multiple requests for comment for this story from TPM, it has not been shy in the past about its plans to offer alternatives to the level of insurance required by the ACA.
“Now that we know health care reform is here to stay, many individuals — especially those who are self-employed or own a small business, are seeking alternatives to the predicted rise in health premiums that are associated with mandated benefits set forth by the law,” the company said in a press release issued in November 2012. “Fortunately, for many of the nation's self-employed, small business owners and individuals, there may be some relief. Savvy healthcare shoppers may find an attractive alternative in the ‘fixed-rate' products being offered by USHEALTH Group through its wholly-owned distribution arm, USHEALTH Advisors… USHEALTH Group offers a variety of coverage options for customers including fixed indemnity plans with unique escalating benefit options and available comprehensive coverage that is more flexible than traditional major medical plans.”
Many other insurance companies currently offer fixed benefit policies. TPM asked a few if they saw non-ACA compliant plans as a growth area for the industry. Assurant, a New York-based company that offers both ACA-compliant and non-compliant medical plans, said in an email that though it does not disclose sales trend information, “we expect that as more individuals purchase plans for 2014 coverage, we will see an increase across our product portfolio.”
Corlette, the Georgetown research professor, anticipates many companies will try to sell non-ACA compliant coverage to consumers in the ACA era.
“That's going to be a common thing,” Corlette said. “I think there are going to be a lot of companies out there trying to sell that kind of stuff… it's not just fixed indemnity we're seeing, we're seeing really wacky kinds of policies out there.”
Additional reporting by Dylan Scott.
One of the troubles with agriculture is the need for farmers to apply fertilizer. The plants don't soak up all of it, which inevitably results in fertilizer running off into lakes and rivers.
That's problematic not just because it is wasteful of the farmer's precious financial resources, but because it is also wasteful of the planet's finite supply of phosphorus. Worse, when phosphorus and other nutrients make their way into bodies of water, they can trigger nasty algal blooms, which kicks off a chain reaction known as eutrophication. As the algae die off, they are decomposed by bacteria that use up much of the oxygen, suffocating animals and resulting in massive fish kills. (See image, below right1.)
Decreasing the amount of applied fertilizer is therefore a goal that farmers and environmentalists should support. Now, a team of Pakistani researchers has genetically engineered a strain of wheat that should require less fertilizer.
Transgenic Wheat Is More Phosphorus Efficient
Depending on the type of soil, a phosphorus-containing compound called phytate may be in abundant supply. However, plants are largely unable to use it. The researchers turned to a fungus, Aspergillus japonicus, which produces an enzyme, called phytase, that breaks down phytate. The authors figured that this enzyme could help free up the phosphorus locked up inside phytate.
So the team inserted the fungal gene for phytase into wheat. They tweaked the gene so that it was only "turned on" in the roots, and they added another tweak that caused the enzyme encoded by the gene to be secreted into the environment. The result was the creation of wheat plants with high phytase content in their roots, some of which was oozed into the soil. The enzyme would then break down phytate and release the phosphorus, which the wheat could soak up.
When compared to control plants grown in the presence of phytate, the genetically engineered plants grew bigger and contained more phosphorus. The best-performing plant had 118% greater phosphorus efficiency than the control plants2.
Therefore, the authors successfully demonstrated that their transgenic plants could grow quite well in soil containing phytate, a condition that would be considered "phosphorus deficient" for other plants. The next step would be to conduct field trials to verify that, under real-world conditions, their plants require less fertilizer than other crops. Furthermore, they should examine how secreted phytase affects the soil microbiome and soil quality. Finally, the team should strongly consider commercialization, assuming they can find a company interested enough3.
Notes
(1) Credit: Alexandr Trubetskoy/Wikipedia
(2) The authors defined phosphorus efficiency as the ratio of the mass of the wheat plant grown in phytate to the mass of the wheat plant grown in inorganic phosphorus (a form that is readily available to plants). The control plants grew better in inorganic phosphorus than in phytate, while the opposite was true for the genetically engineered plants.
(3) A genetically engineered pig (called Enviropig) expressed phytase in its saliva. The idea was that the pig would absorb more phosphorus and excrete less in its feces. Unfortunately, the pigs didn't receive much industry support, so the researchers killed all of them.
Source: Samreen Mohsin, et al. "Extracellular Secretion of Phytase from Transgenic Wheat Roots Allows Utilization of Phytate for Enhanced Phosphorus Uptake." Molecular Biotechnology 59 (8): 334-342. Published: 30-June-2017.
A lawyer for voters challenging the 2011 election result in seven federal ridings is asking Elections Canada to provide more information on its investigation into mysterious phone calls and other complaints from Canadians.
Steven Shrybman, lawyer for nine voters who want last year's election results in those ridings overturned, says in a letter to a lawyer for Elections Canada that chief electoral officer Marc Mayrand told a House committee the agency would assist the court in its hearing.
The challenge is before the Federal Court, which has agreed to hear the case against seven Conservative MPs. The MPs argued the case should be dismissed because there's no chance the voters will win and they filed it too late, but the court agreed last month to let it go ahead.
The next case conference is set for Aug. 8, Shrybman says in the letter.
The court challenge is backed by the Council of Canadians, which has gone up against the Conservative government on a number of issues.
The voters allege a pattern of misleading phone calls that directed voters to the wrong polling stations indicate a widespread campaign to suppress the vote.
Misleading calls tied to Conservative campaign
Court documents show Elections Canada is investigating misleading automated calls, or robocalls, in Guelph, Ont., and have tied them to a Conservative campaign. It's illegal to interfere with someone's right to vote. A spokesman for the Conservative Party has repeatedly denied the party is involved, and says anyone who breaks the law should be prosecuted.
Shrybman refers in the letter to Mayrand's appearance at the March 29 House of Commons committee and asks the agency to:
Update the number of complaints they've received, as well as lay out the ridings from which they've received complaints.
Describe the fraudulent calls, like whether they were live or recorded.
Tell the court how many investigations the agency has underway.
Provide publicly available court documents filed by Elections Canada investigators.
Shrybman says he hopes the agency provides the information he's requesting.
"Their mandate is to investigate and to prosecute where warranted and they're very much on the straight and narrrow when it comes to pursuing their objectives," he said.
There's more information that's relevant than Elections Canada is bringing to public attention, Shrybman said. The production orders filed in court, for example, are tricky to find.
"It's been very hit or miss and Elections Canada hasn't disclosed these documents even though they're part of the public record once they get filed with the court," Shrybman said.
The applicants are challenging the election results in the following ridings:
Don Valley East in Ontario, won by Conservative MP Joe Daniel by 870 votes.
Nipissing-Timiskaming in Ontario, won by Conservative MP Jay Aspin by 18 votes.
Saskatoon-Rosetown-Biggar in Saskatchewan, won by Conservative Kelly Block by 538 votes.
Vancouver Island North in B.C., won by Conservative John Duncan by 1,827 votes.
Winnipeg South Centre in Manitoba, won by Conservative MP Joyce Bateman by 722 votes.
Elmwood-Transcona in Manitoba, won by Conservative MP Lawrence Toet by 300 votes.
Yukon won by Conservative Ryan Leef by 132 votes.
The Federal Court challenge isn't the only court process related to the 2011 election.
Voters in Etobicoke Centre are awaiting a Supreme Court decision on whether their riding will see a byelection after a Federal Court judge declared the 2011 result to be null and void. Conservative MP Ted Opitz challenged the decision after the ruling sided with former Liberal MP Borys Wrzesnewskyj, who said Elections Canada officials didn't have the proper paperwork to show everyone who voted in the riding was eligible.
Pack A Punch: 2014 Chicago Heavyweights Preview (Men's)
Chicago Heavyweights is jamming the ring with fighters from up and down the list of contenders. Can anyone unseat the undisputed champion, Chicago Machine?
This year, the attending team list in Chicago truly packs a punch. The annual Chicago Heavyweights Championship added some more heavyweights in 2014, as a strong group of Tier 1 and Tier 2 participants are set to battle it out in Rockford, Illinois.
Chicago Machine will be in attendance as usual, but in addition to a strong core of Midwest squads like Madison Club, Michigan High Five, and Columbus Madcow, they'll have to face New York PoNY and Washington DC Truckstop, as well as a horde of Tier 2 teams from around the country.
The Contenders
Chicago Machine
Defending champions of their “home” tournament, Machine is the team to beat here once again.
The Chicago squad has won Heavyweights in dominating fashion the last few years, cementing their position as number one in the Great Lakes — and indeed in the Midwest in general — only a few short weeks before Regionals. This year, however, while Sub Zero is not in attendance, they'll have to deal with two teams from the East Coast.
Machine is the favorite for a reason. Their roster is very deep, only strengthened after their Madison Club additions in the offseason. A matchup with these players and their former Madison team would provide a very interesting battle indeed.
A.J. Nelson, Jonathan “Goose” Helton, and Bob Liu are standout stars on a heavy offensive line, which provides matchup nightmares at every turn, while Walden Nelson and Kevin Kelly lead a strong defensive unit. Ron Kubalanza, at the helm as player-coach, will continue to strategically guide them through the waters.
However, the squad won't be entirely at full strength.
“We should have our full roster in attendance for CHC,” says captain Kevin Kelly, “but unfortunately a handful of our players have had injuries of recent and a likely going to be leaving us without 4-5 guys. One of whom is Greg Slover who broke his foot and is going to be out 6-8 weeks.”
Even with a few injured players, teams are going to be hard pressed to slow Machine down. For many, eyes will be on Chicago to see what works well against them and how other rosters look to strategically deal with matchups. While they've proved they can make mistakes (see their early Chesapeake loss to Chain Lightning), Vegas has its money on this team taking home the Heavyweights championship belt.
The storyline then is: how will Machine live up to these expectations? Machine has been looking to break through into the elite of the elite — the top five in the nation — for a few years now, and will focus hard to not stumble here. The other top teams will undoubtedly be targeting them for an upset.
“I think expectations are high for us going into this weekend,” says Kelly, “but that's not something we can control at this point and it's not something our players are thinking about in any way. It is business as usual. We are solely going to focus on the things that we can control.”
Pride of New York (PoNY)
PoNY also brings in high expectations and will make the trip to Chicago, believing this as a tourney they need to win if they want to make a legitimate run at the Pro Flight.
PoNY has had a strong, if not spectacular, early season already, collecting wins against Doublewide, GOAT, Ring of Fire, and Truck Stop. However, they were upset early at Chesapeake by Madcow, during a game where they failed to execute. PoNY was then eliminated in that tournament by Machine, a thumping loss in which they looked like they had no business being on the field. They lost the third place placement game to fellow Elite Flight team Ring of Fire. Ring would also go on to knock them out (on double game point) at Colorado Cup.
Their record is respectable, but PoNY, a team looking to break into the top eight this season, needs to step it up a notch.
Led by captains Milo Snyder, Andrew Wilkes, and Chris Mazur, PoNY is one of the smarter teams in the game. They used poachy handler looks to great effect in their quarterfinal battle with Ring in Colorado, and proved their grit each step of the way. They don't have quite the big name rosters as other teams this season, but they still find ways to win one-on-one matchups.
Sitting at number nine in the current power rankings, and overshadowed by some of the flashiness in this World's year, PoNY looks to take care of business in Illinois. This should be a bellwether tournament for where they stand heading into the Series.
Washington D.C. Truck Stop
If the top two teams are looking to break into the elite, Truck Stop is still looking for the right to be in the conversation.
The team has been to two tournaments thus far and, though they number more losses on the year than PoNY and Machine combined, they've all been tight games with open lines.
“So far this season, we have had a lot of really close games,” explained coach Will Smolinski. “Only two have been decided than more than two breaks. To date we have played some great Ultimate but have yet to play a full game – we have either start strong and fade or start slow and come back.”
Chesapeake was used in part to tryout players, solidify roster roles, and learn about the team's chemistry; Truck Stop still came away with some impressive wins over Sub Zero and Chain Lightning. Conversely, every loss in that tournament was by two points or fewer, even with open subbing throughout the tournament.
Similarly, at Colorado Cup, Truck Stop lost some close ones while taking their own share of tight wins.
Consistency, therefore, will be what is needed now. This will be one of the Elite Flight squads that is vulnerable to attack from below and they will need to take care of business against any lower ranked seeds to prove they are a Nationals lock.
Key star Alan Kolick broke his wrist at Chesapeake, no question a blow to the team, but they have an extremely fast and fit core, especially with intense, tight defense. Many of Truck's players shined in the MLU this year and could be set to put it all together late in this club season. Jeff Wodatch and Peter Prial are monsters when they need to be. It will be this team that hopes to take down PoNY in semis, after having lost to the New York side on double game point in Colorado.
“We know the potential of this team and are looking to show that success in the pro seasons was not a fluke,” Smolinski said. “At Heavyweights we are looking forward to a more normal rotation of players, playing two good halves against top tier teams, and putting ourselves in a position to win our Region.”
Madison Club
There is definitely something to prove from this Madison Club squad.
Largely unmentioned in the Nationals conversation, except when their former players on Machine are discussed, Madison is not a force to be dismissed so lightly.
This group still has a ton of talent on the roster, cemented with a strong core of Hodags, including Callahan nominees Brian Hart and Colin Camp, as well as Wisconsin coach Hector Valdivia. This squad, just like Machine, has a lot of players gaining experience and confidence from a successful AUDL squad — defensive standout Peter Graffy seems to be the name that popped this year — and they have years of Nationals experience to back them.
Madison is known for their tough defense and they aren't afraid to huck. They won the San Diego Slammer in convincing fashion, adding that championship title to their resume, had a solid Colorado Cup with tight losses to PoNY and Rhino, and are usually the team that fights Machine in the Heavyweight finals.
Mad Club's goal is to pop into that top ten ranking by running the table and winning the tournament, and they'll have a full strength lineup to do so.
“A couple players have nicks and bruises from tournaments and practices,” says Bill Everhart, “but 25 out of 26 of our players will be suited up for Heavyweights for the teams the best tournament attendance yet this year. Returning after absences at Colorado Cup are our O-line anchor Andrew Brown, squirrely D-line handler Danny Stuligross, and two of our big men, Chris Wilen and Pat Donovan.”
The question this year is whether they can get back to the finals of this tournament,with the addition of a few other top contenders. To do so would be critical for their own bid situation, which isn't secure in a region that hosts the always dangerous Sub Zero.
If they do make finals, they'll have a chance to battle their old teammates and show that they should not be counted out of teams that will be in the mix in Frisco.
Columbus Madcow
Like Truck Stop, Madcow's results lack consistency.
Effort isn't short on this squad, and many of the players have Nationals experience and have been tough matchups in the Ohio Valley for years. So far this season, Madcow has been to Chesapeake and Colorado Cup and has been in some tough fights. But fighting hard isn't the same as putting it all together to win.
Colorado Cup, especially, must have been frustrating: while they came away with a close victory against Florida United, their five losses were all by four or so points. Close, but not close enough.
Both tournaments have to be labeled as disappointments and missed opportunities. Last year, Madcow needed to rob regional foe High Five of their bid to sneak into National competition and a second bid will be needed again this year, unless the team can find a way to beat Machine, which looks unlikely. That means victories against other Nationals-level competitors, especially those who sit second or third in a region, or at the very least, close losses to top squads.
The rankings currently have Madcow outside the wildcard slots; this tournament is perhaps their last big chance. If they can bring it together to upset one or two of the top teams, the fight for a bid will continue. If not, they may have to be cheering on their rivals from Michigan, in hopes that Madcow can once again play the thief come Regionals.
Michigan High Five
The team from Michigan made a lot of noise last year earning themselves a strength bid; however, they lost that bid at Regionals to a well-prepared Madcow team.
This year they haven't made quite the splash, but have had solid results in their battle to establish themselves. Chesapeake was an up and down tournament with a few good wins, including one over Truck Stop and an early victory against Sub Zero.
However, Colorado Cup was a rough competition for High Five as they came away with only one win (against Inception) on the weekend. Even more troubling was that some of their losses came to opponents that they had previously beaten; other losses were by wide margins.
The worry for High Five is that as they join the top twenty and matchup more and more often, other teams will be able to identify their key players and strategies and begin to pick them apart. It's a common difficulty for any new team seeking to establish itself; the first year is as a group of unknowns, but afterwards, tendencies and strengths are quickly analyzed and a sophomore slump can set in as other teams counter.
High Five, like Madcow, needs quality victories to eke out extra bids for the Great Lakes Region. With Machine sitting so strongly at the top, the fight will be for second once again. Ideally, both squads finish strong enough to steal a second and third shot to Nationals, but the battle at the bottom of the wildcard rankings is always so tough that this is a high ask.
The Best of the Rest
The Tier Two table at this tournament is always filled with Sunday Regionals competitors, and this year is no exception with name upon name of middleweights seeking to come away with an upset victory.
Teams from the East Coast, Midwest, and Southwest are descending on Rockford looking to prove their own mettle against each other and the upper teams.
Prairie Fire out of Kansas will be the most interesting to watch as this team started the season with an absolutely punishing record and look to prove that they belong up in Tier 1 with the big boys. They are also currently ranked #2 in the USA Ultimate rankings — securing an extra bid for their region — so eyes from all over will be watching (and many hoping) whether Prairie Fire can hold onto their bid.
“The ranking is nice,” says Joe Nickels, “but it's totally overblown at this stage. TCT has made it more difficult to compare results between the proven teams and teams like us, who are trying to break through. The rankings don't really matter until September, and even if we do earn a bid, we have to hold it at Regionals.”
That being said, Prarie Fire wants to earn their bid and prove their place. “Our regular season goal is to earn a bid for the Region,” said Nickels. “We certainly have an opportunity to do that at CHC. Our focus for this tournament is the same as the first two (Two-Finger and Huckfest): Communication and Execution. If we run our sets and concepts well, and adapt to game conditions, we're confident we can beat any team there.”
Pittsburgh's new club team, now known as Temper, can also fall into the interesting up-and-comer category, as the best of Pitt's college team — both current players and alumni — once again come together to fight in the Open Division. This is a new squad, replacing Oakland (a one-time Nationals qualifier themselves). Temper has lots of wins against lower tier competition — this weekend should help us place them into the
Similarly, Philadelphia Patrol is a new open group from the east, attempting to establish itself in a city of the AUDL Spinners and the former base of Southpaw. Garuda, Dire Wolf, and Kentucky Flying Circus also are heading westward looking for big wins.
Space City, H.I.P., and PLEX will make the trip once again from Texas, joined by Sprawl from the Southwest and Inception of Colorado, as will StreetGang of San Diego, and there will be the horde of the Midwest including the Motown Champs Bro Cats.
All in all, this secondary field is probably the deepest it has ever been and while new big names come to the tournament looking to shine, there will likely be at least one of these squads in semifinals come Sunday as these teams will challenge. In a new Triple Crown world, this tournament represents an old, all-comers style tourney and should be fun to watch.
The Main Billing
The field is set, all that's left is to sit back and watch the fights.
Machine is the real heavyweight contender this year and should win, but will they cruise to knockout victory, or be humbled by the assaults of their foes in route?
Similarly, which of the other teams will prove that they are at the top level and belong in the championship match? Which lower team will prove they belong in the ring with the top fighters? We're about to find out.
We as the Breathe Community are anchored by the balancing of mind, body, and human spirit.
Mind
​
Through the selfless service of sharing our passions as teachers we build confidence, initiative, and connection. As students we gain new perspectives, inspiration and sparks to take with us on our journey. As the butterfly effect takes hold, we as students and teachers alike join together illuminating a path towards greater purpose.
​
Body
​
Through physical practices we challenge our own belief system of what our bodies are capable of. These physical practices prime our bodies so we can more fully receive, absorb and integrate the intellectual & spiritual spectrums of Breathe.
​
Human Spirit
​
Through giving and receiving without expectation we understand all is connected and that the human spirit is the Jelly that forms a lasting meaningful connection between all of us here at Breathe. This spirit manifests itself in everything we see, feel, touch, taste and hear at Breathe.
Software is eating the world, and doing so using smaller and smaller teams. WhatsApp was able to disrupt the global SMS industry with only a few dozen engineers. Small teams can have a big impact because software development (and deployment) has improved dramatically over the past decade. Some improvements include:
Infrastructure . Deploying a commercial website ten years ago required significant upfront capital. Now you can spin up virtual servers in minutes. Upfront costs are close to zero and ongoing costs are orders of magnitude lower than before.
. Deploying a commercial website ten years ago required significant upfront capital. Now you can spin up virtual servers in minutes. Upfront costs are close to zero and ongoing costs are orders of magnitude lower than before. Services . Startups created simple APIs that abstract away complex back ends. Examples: Stripe (payments), Twilio (communications), Firebase (databases), Sift Science (fraud).
. Startups created simple APIs that abstract away complex back ends. Examples: Stripe (payments), Twilio (communications), Firebase (databases), Sift Science (fraud). Open Source . Open source dominates every level of the software stack, including operating systems (Linux), databases (MySql), web servers (Apache), and programming languages (Python, Ruby). These are not only free but generally also far higher quality than their commercial counterparts.
. Open source dominates every level of the software stack, including operating systems (Linux), databases (MySql), web servers (Apache), and programming languages (Python, Ruby). These are not only free but generally also far higher quality than their commercial counterparts. Programming languages . Developers have steadily marched upwards from Assembly to C to Java to, today, scripting languages like Ruby and Python. Moore's Law gave us excess computing resources. We spent it making developers more effective.
. Developers have steadily marched upwards from Assembly to C to Java to, today, scripting languages like Ruby and Python. Moore's Law gave us excess computing resources. We spent it making developers more effective. Special-purpose tools for non-programmers . These tools let non-programmers create software in certain pre-defined categories, thereby lowering costs and reducing the demand for developers. Examples: Shopify (e-commerce), WordPress (blogging), and Weebly (small business websites).
. These tools let non-programmers create software in certain pre-defined categories, thereby lowering costs and reducing the demand for developers. Examples: Shopify (e-commerce), WordPress (blogging), and Weebly (small business websites). General-purpose tools for non-programmers. In the pre-Internet era, tools like Hypercard and Visual Basic allowed hundreds of millions of semi-technical people to become software developers. Since then, there hasn't been much work in these areas, but from what I've seen that might change soon. By allowing more people to program, these tools act as a force multiplier for the software industry.
In all likelihood, the demand for software development will continue to dramatically outpace the supply. If so, “software eats software development” will be an exciting area going forward, with lots of valuable startups created in the process.
This month, we learned that another former high-profile former Nuggets guard has agreed to play in the league: Mahmoud Abdul-Rauf.
Last month, we learned that former Denver Nuggets guards Allen Iverson and Chauncey Billups would be a part of the BIG3 three-on-three half-court basketball league to be held this summer.
This month, we learned that another former high-profile former Nuggets guard has agreed to play in the league: Mahmoud Abdul-Rauf.
Abdul-Rauf played his first six seasons of NBA basketball in Denver. His best came in 1995-96 when he averaged 19.2 points and 6.8 assists per game.
Abdul-Rauf decided in 1995-96 to stop standing for the national anthem, citing that doing so would conflict with his Muslim views, and he received severe backlash for his decision. Abdul-Rauf didn't play for the Nuggets after 1996, and he was out of the NBA by 2001.
He plans to once again play professional basketball again this summer.
Abdul-Rauf will be a part of one of the BIG3's eight five-player teams. Each team will have one head coach and one assistant coach. The league will play in 10 cities throughout the U.S.
A star-studded lineup has already committed. Iverson, Billups, Gary Payton, Kenyon Martin, Stephen Jackson, Jermaine O'Neal, Rashard Lewis, Jason Williams, Bonzi Wells, Mike Bibby, George “The Iceman” Gervin, Ricky Davis, Al Harrington, Rick Barry, Rick Mahorn, Clyde Drexler, Kenny Anderson are all on board.
Iverson will serve as a player/coach. Seriously.
Subscribe to Denverite's weekly sports newsletter here.
The Top 7 INFJ Problems
If you think being introverted in our extrovert-obsessed society is tough, try being introverted AND the rarest personality type in the world. That is exactly what INFJ personality types are up against.
INFJs make up just one percent of the population. Because of their rarity, INFJs inevitably face many unique challenges. Let's take a look at them, shall we?
Overwhelm
Most INFJs are empathic and highly sensitive. In other words, they deeply feel the emotions of others. Combine their sensitivity with their innate desire to help those in need, and you have a recipe for overwhelm.
Being creepily observant
INFJs have a unique ability to pick up on subtle cues that others miss. They use their keen observation skills and intuition to read between the lines during conversations. Sometimes their ability to read people can be misinterpreted as creepy or intense.
People pleasing
Because INFJs genuinely want to help people, they often fall into the trap of being people pleasers. They give and give and give some more, all the while neglecting their own needs and desires. Learning to say “no” and establish healthy boundaries can be a lifelong challenge for INFJs.
Feeling like an outsider
It can be lonely being such a unique snowflake personality! It's easy for INFJs to feel like outsiders who don't fit in.
Losing touch with their true self
Because they feel so different from everyone else, INFJs often try to ‘fix' themselves by mimicking other more common personality types. They might get so good at pretending that they fool even themselves. It becomes more and more difficult to reconnect with their authentic self.
Confusing or offending people with their behavior
INFJs are known for being great conversationalists who others flock to. They love people and love to socialize. Except, of course, when they don't. Just like any other introverted personality, INFJs lose energy during social interaction. At a certain point, they need to be alone.
Naturally, others are confused, and sometimes offended, when a usually sociable INFJ shuts down and wants to be left alone.
Overthinking
The INFJs love of the mysterious and complex can be a double-edged sword. It's easy for them to overanalyze things to the point where they lose sleep. They can also become so absorbed in what's happening inside their head that they lose touch with the outside world.
A New Place For INFJs
It can be lonely being the rarest personality type in the world – but it doesn't have to be. Join our community, and feel connected to other INFJs who get you.
If you're interested in connecting with other INFJs from around the world, join Introvert Spring's private INFJ forum. We are truly a buzzing community! You'll gain access to unique and 100% private discussions, INFJ blog posts, member events, and videos.
Are you an INFJ? If so, feel free to share your experiences below. 😉
Xo,
Traffic Lab fielded responses from motorists, cyclists and pedestrians who say others wearing dark and black clothing — a staple of Pacific Northwest style — are hard to see on roads. A few readers cited near-collisions.
While he's driving around Seattle for Uber, Roger Corbin said, he sees so many downtowners on the street wearing black that he sometimes shouts “Thank you!” at someone wearing white.
“I really appreciate it,” he said. “For me, it's a safety thing.”
Corbin is not alone. Over roughly a week, Traffic Lab fielded emails and phone calls from people who drive, bike and walk around the city saying that others wearing dark clothing — a staple of Pacific Northwest style — are hard to see on the road. A few said the dark attire nearly caused collisions.
A bicycle riding safety tip “Wearing white has not been shown to make you more visible. Rather, always wear neon, fluorescent or other bright colors when riding day or night. Also, wear something that reflects light, such as reflective tape or markings, or flashing lights.” National Highway Traffic Safety Administration
Dozens shared their thoughts on Seattle-area roadway behavior, including on attire, as part of Traffic Lab's recent request for readers' stories about transportation pet peeves. They also cited traffic violations and problematic intersections, and recounted frightening cases of crashing into others on roads and trails.
“I have also had some close calls driving a car when a very stealthy bike rider appears ‘out of nowhere' wearing dark clothing and a dark helmet, becoming a sudden factor to avoid,” said Terry Dudley, of Edmonds.
“In a city with rain and fog, this is a real problem,” said Ellen Taft, 65, of Capitol Hill.
Learn more about Traffic Lab » | Follow us on Twitter » Traffic Lab is a Seattle Times project that digs into the region's thorny transportation issues, spotlights promising approaches to easing gridlock, and helps readers find the best ways to get around. It is funded with the help of community sponsors Alaska Airlines, CenturyLink, Kemper Development Co., NHL Seattle, PEMCO Mutual Insurance Company and Seattle Children's hospital. Seattle Times editors and reporters operate independently of our funders and maintain editorial control over Traffic Lab content.
Corbin, a 57-year-old former Microsoft Connector driver from Bothell, occasionally tallies the number of black-clad walkers or cyclists he passes while toting Uber passengers. Capitol Hill and downtown seem to have the most, he said.
“People in Seattle tend to wear black — black trench coats, black pants, black umbrellas,” Corbin said. “They blend into dark asphalt streets,” he said, or the darkness at night.
In terms of colliding because of the visibility challenge, he said he's had many close calls.
Based on Corbin's observational research, straight from his Hyundai Sonata Hybrid, only about one in 10 Seattleites is wearing bright colors when he's driving, he said. The statistic fluctuates with the weather, though, as Seattle's soggy, dark winter brings out mood-matching clothes.
That connection between weather and fashion is deeply rooted in the region's aesthetic. The trend of flannel, boots and sweaters that shaped mass culture in the '90s, for instance, grew from locals' desire to dress for the region's cool temperatures and rain.
“A flannel shirt worn around the waist is a precaution against the Pacific Northwest's mercurial clime,” says a 1992 New York Times story, describing grunge in Seattle. “Army boots slog effectively through mud.”
And a local fashion connoisseur said the same about the trend toward black.
“It's simple, and a lot of it has to do with our weather,” said Teresa Springer, CEO of Seattle Fashion Week. “Black speaks to everyone.”
But to some cyclists, motorists and pedestrians, a saturation of dark clothing poses a safety risk while they're trying to get around.
Briana Orr, a spokeswoman for the Seattle-based advocacy group Cascade Bicycle Club, said the organization regularly hears concerns from riders about clothing and visibility, especially when it comes to using paths in the winter.
“In Seattle, we have pretty dark spots,” she said, advising cyclists to use lights and opt for outfits that aren't uncomfortable or hazardous with dangling parts. “Clothing that helps give folks a peace of mind — knowing that you're a little brighter makes you feel safer.”
Additionally, King County and the city of Seattle require riders to wear helmets. And attire aside, under Washington law cyclists must have lights on the front of their bikes and red reflectors on the back, as a safety minimum to help others see them at night.
Those precautions could help cyclists avoid becoming a crash statistic.
According to the city's 2015 traffic report, the most recent available, officials documented 473 pedestrian-related crashes and 380 more involving bicyclists in 2014. The incidents, which involved various traffic violations, ranged in severity but resulted in seven deaths.
Catherine Austin, 34, a daily bicycle commuter from Shoreline to Seattle's University District, has learned firsthand how clothes impact safety. She traded a red raincoat for a neon-yellow one for her rides, and said the sight of the bright jacket has stopped cars from jumping in front of her at stop signs.
“If you wear black, even if you are following the rules of the road, you can terrify the very people trying to look out for you,” she said. “Wear reflectors, lights and bright colors. It helps.”
Update:
Information in this article, originally published March 26, 2017, was updated June 5, 2017 to include additional advice on improving bicycle visibility from Briana Orr, a spokeswoman for the Seattle-based advocacy group Cascade Bicycle Club. She advises bicyclists to use lights.
HARRISBURG – Acting Assistant Attorney General for National Security Mary B. McCord, U.S. Attorney Bruce D. Brandler for the Middle District of Pennsylvania and Special Agent in Charge Michael Harpster of the FBI's Philadelphia Division announced today that Jalil Ibn Ameer Aziz, age 20, a U.S. citizen and resident of Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, pleaded guilty today before Chief United States District Court Judge Christopher C. Conner to conspiracy to provide material support and resources to a designated foreign terrorist organization and transmitting a communication containing a threat to injure.
According to U.S. Attorney Bruce D. Brandler, on December 22, 2015, Aziz was charged in an indictment with conspiring and attempting to provide material support to the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), a designated foreign terrorist organization (Counts 1 and 2). A superseding indictment was returned on May 18, 2016, which added Solicitation to Commit a crime of violence (Count 3) and transmitting a communication containing a threat to injure (Count 4).
According to the superseding indictment, from July 2014 to December 17, 2015, Aziz knowingly conspired to provide, provided and attempted to provide material support, including personnel and services, to ISIL. The superseding indictment also alleges that during the same time period, Aziz solicited, commanded, induced and endeavored to persuade others to kill and attempt to kill officers and employees of the United States. The superseding indictment further alleges that he knowingly tweeted the names, addresses, photographs and military branches of approximately 100 U.S. service members to followers and viewers of his Twitter account. The communication also contained threats to injure the service members, stating “kill them in their own lands, behead them in their own homes, stab them to death as they walk their street thinking that they are safe.”
Aziz pledged his allegiance to the leader of ISIL and used at least 71 different Twitter accounts to advocate violence against the United States and its citizens, to disseminate ISIL propaganda and to espouse pro-ISIL views. On at least three occasions, Aziz allegedly used his Twitter accounts and other electronic communication services to assist persons seeking to travel to and fight for ISIL. In one instance, Aziz allegedly acted as an intermediary between a person in Turkey and several well-known members of ISIL.
Aziz passed location information, including maps and a telephone number, between these ISIL supporters. A search of a tactical/military style backpack located in Aziz's closet identified five loaded M4-style high-capacity magazines, a modified straight edge knife, a thumb drive, medication, flashlights, a toothbrush, sunflower seeds, a lighter, nail clippers, fingerless gloves, a pocket watch and a black balaclava, which is like a ski mask and similar to those worn by ISIL supporters.
“Jalil Ibn Ameer Aziz conspired to provide material support to ISIL by aiding individuals in their pursuit of traveling overseas to join the designated foreign terrorist organization and by using social media to propagate ISIL's threats to injure U.S. service members,” said Acting Assistant Attorney General McCord. “The National Security Division's highest priority is counterterrorism, and we will remain vigilant in our efforts to hold accountable those who seek to provide material support to foreign terrorist organizations and threaten members of our military.”
United States Attorney Bruce D. Brandler said, “The security of the American people is the highest priority for our office and the Department of Justice. While we cannot eliminate terrorism completely, we can bring to justice those responsible for providing material support and resources to terrorist groups and for spreading hate and destruction in our communities and abroad. Thankfully, the defendant's activities were disrupted by the FBI and the Joint Terrorism Task Force and justice will be served in this case.”
"As evidenced here, ISIL loyalists need not travel to the field of battle to threaten lives and do harm," said Michael Harpster, Special Agent in Charge of the FBI's Philadelphia Division. "An American citizen provided material support to terrorists from American soil, while enjoying all the rights and privileges scorned by ISIL. We are gratified that Mr. Aziz is being brought to justice for these acts."
The case was investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation's Joint Terrorism Task Force (JTTF), which includes the Pentagon Force Protection Agency and the Pennsylvania State Police, with assistance from the Harrisburg Bureau of Police. Assistant United States Attorney Daryl F. Bloom and Trial Attorneys Robert Sander and Adam L. Small of the National Security Division's Counterterrorism Section prosecuted the case.
A sentence following a finding of guilt is imposed by the Judge after consideration of the applicable federal sentencing statutes and the Federal Sentencing Guidelines.
The maximum penalty provided in the statute for Count 1, Conspiracy to Provide Material Support and Resources to a Designated Foreign Terrorist Organization, is 20 years' imprisonment, a $250,000 fine, a term of supervised release of up to life and a $100 special assessment. The maximum penalty for Count 4, Transmitting a Communication Containing a Threat to Injure, is five years' imprisonment, a $250,000 fine, a term of supervised release of three years and a $100 special assessment.
Under the Federal Sentencing Guidelines, the Judge is also required to consider and weigh a number of factors, including the nature, circumstances and seriousness of the offense; the history and characteristics of the defendant; and the need to punish the defendant, protect the public and provide for the defendant's educational, vocational and medical needs. For these reasons, the statutory maximum penalty for the offense is not an accurate indicator of the potential sentence for a specific defendant.
# # #
October 27, 2016 - Clinton Catches Trump For Ties In Georgia, Iowa; She's Up In North Carolina And Running Away In Virginia Quinnipiac University Swing State Poll Finds
GEORGIA: Trump 44 - Clinton 43, Johnson 8
IOWA: Clinton 44 - Trump 44, Johnson 4
NORTH CAROLINA: Clinton 47 - Trump 43, Johnson 5
VIRGINIA: Clinton 50 - Trump 38, Johnson 4
Democrat Hillary Clinton wipes out Republican Donald Trump's leads in Georgia and Iowa, where the two are tied among likely voters. She has a slight edge in North Carolina and is pounding Trump in Virginia, according to a Quinnipiac University Swing State Poll released today.
While wide gender and racial gaps remain, Trump's standing among men is shrinking, especially in Georgia and Iowa, the independent Quinnipiac (KWIN-uh-pe-ack) University Poll finds. Clinton leads by margins of 6 to 34 percentage points among likely voters who already have cast ballots in Georgia, Iowa and North Carolina, which allow early voting.
Four-way races which list both presidential and vice-presidential candidates, except Georgia and North Carolina, where Green Party candidate Jill Stein is not on the ballot, show:
Georgia: Trump at 44 percent to Clinton's 43 percent, with 8 percent for Libertarian Party candidate Gary Johnson. This compares to a 47 - 40 percent Trump lead September 22;
Iowa: A 44 - 44 percent Clinton-Trump tie, with 4 percent for Johnson and 1 percent for Green Party candidate Jill Stein. Trump led Clinton 44 - 37 percent September 22;
North Carolina: Clinton edges Trump 47 - 43 percent, with 5 percent for Johnson. On October 3, Clinton had 46 percent to Trump's 43 percent;
Virginia: Clinton tops Trump 50 - 38 percent, with 4 percent for Johnson and 2 percent for Stein. Clinton was up 45 - 39 percent September 22.
"Time is running out and Donald Trump has lost his leads and now is tied with Hillary Clinton in Iowa and Georgia. North Carolina appears to be moving in her direction also," said Peter A. Brown, assistant director of the Quinnipiac University Poll.
"Virginia, which 12 years ago was a solidly Republican state, is now 'true blue' in its presidential ballot and one of the most Democratic states south of the Mason-Dixon line," Brown added.
"It's clear that Donald Trump has not worn well on the voters of these four key states. Only an average of about 35 percent of likely voters in them have a favorable opinion of Trump, and more than half say they have an unfavorable view of him.
"Secretary Clinton's favorability numbers are only slightly better - in the low to mid 40s - but that difference in favorability helps her in the horse race."
Head-to-head matchups among likely voters show:
Georgia: Clinton-Trump tied at 46 - 46 percent;
Iowa: Trump at 47 percent to Clinton's 46 percent;
North Carolina: Clinton leads Trump 50 - 44 percent;
Virginia: Clinton buries Trump 53 - 40 percent.
Georgia
Clinton leads 48 - 42 percent among Georgia early voters.
Georgia likely voters have negative opinions of both Clinton and Trump, with Clinton at a negative 40 - 55 percent favorability rating and Trump at a negative 38 - 55 percent.
In the four-way race, men back Trump 49 - 39 percent, as women back Clinton 47 - 39 percent. White voters back Trump 65 - 23 percent, while non-white voters back Clinton 77 - 9 percent.
Trump takes Republicans 86 - 7 percent while Democrats go to Clinton 93 - 3 percent. Independent voters are divided with 40 percent for Clinton, 38 percent for Trump and 15 percent for Johnson.
"As in all the states surveyed by Quinnipiac University, negative favorability ratings dog both candidates. While Hillary Clinton has a slight lead among early voters, this race looks like it will come down to the wire," said Tim Malloy, assistant director of the Quinnipiac University Poll.
Iowa
Clinton leads 61 - 27 percent among Iowa likely voters who have cast ballots.
In Iowa, Clinton is less disliked by likely voters, with a negative 40 - 55 percent favorability rating, compared to Trump's negative 36 - 59 percent.
Iowa men back Trump 51 - 35 percent, while women back Clinton 52 - 37 percent. Republicans go to Trump 88 - 6 percent, while Democrats back Clinton 88 - 9 percent. Independent voters are split 40 - 40 percent, with 6 percent for Johnson.
"The dead heat in Iowa is reflected in the poll's internals. Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton both are getting 88 percent of their respective party members, while independent voters are evenly divided," Brown said.
North Carolina
North Carolina likely voters who cast early ballots go 62 - 34 percent for Clinton.
Clinton's negative 44 - 52 percent favorability rating among North Carolina likely voters is better than Trump's negative 34 - 59 percent score.
Trump leads 49 - 42 percent among men, while Clinton takes women 52 - 37 percent. White voters back Trump 58 - 32 percent, while non-white voters back Clinton 76 - 14 percent.
Trump leads 87 - 6 percent among Republicans and 49 - 34 percent among independent voters. Democrats back Clinton 93 - 3 percent.
"In North Carolina the fight is between the combination of a favorable gender gap and greater party unity among Democrats for Hillary Clinton, matched against Donald Trump's double-digit edge among independent voters. So far, her supporters are narrowly ahead," Brown said.
Virginia
Virginia likely voters give Clinton a negative 45 - 53 percent favorability rating. Trump gets a negative 34 - 61 percent favorability.
Men are divided with 44 percent for Clinton and 41 percent for Trump. Women back Clinton 55 - 35 percent. Clinton also leads 71 - 13 percent among non-white voters, while white voters go 48 - 41 percent for Trump.
Clinton leads 91 - 3 percent among Democrats and 46 - 32 percent among independent voters. Republicans back Trump 83 - 11 percent.
"One number tells you all you need to know about why Donald Trump is doing so poorly in the Old Dominion: Only 83 percent of Republicans say they are going to vote for him, their own party nominee," Brown said.
"That's a very low measure of party unity. It's fair to say history is not replete with major candidates winning an election in which they got only 83 percent of their own party members," Brown said. "By comparison, Secretary Clinton is getting 91 percent of the Democratic vote."
From October 20 - 26, Quinnipiac University surveyed:
707 Georgia likely voters with a margin of error of +/- 3.7 percentage points;
791 Iowa likely voters with a margin of error of +/- 3.5 percentage points;
702 North Carolina likely voters with a margin of error of +/- 3.7 percentage points;
749 Virginia likely voters with a margin of error of +/- 3.6 percentage points.
Live interviewers call land lines and cell phones.
The Quinnipiac University Poll, directed by Douglas Schwartz, Ph.D., conducts public opinion surveys in Pennsylvania, New York, New Jersey, Connecticut, Florida, Ohio, Virginia, Iowa, Colorado, North Carolina, Georgia and the nation as a public service and for research.
Visit http://www.qu.edu/polling or www.facebook.com/quinnipiacpoll
Call (203) 582-5201, or follow us on Twitter @QuinnipiacPoll
1. If the presidential election were being held today, and the candidates were Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine the Democrats, Donald Trump and Mike Pence the Republicans, Gary Johnson and Bill Weld the Libertarians, and Jill Stein and Ajamu Baraka the Green party candidates, for whom would you vote? (If undecided) As of today, do you lean more toward Clinton and Kaine, Trump and Pence, Johnson and Weld, or Stein and Baraka? (Note: Jill Stein not included in Georgia or North Carolina)
LIKELY VOTERS.......... GA IA NC VA Clinton and Kaine 43% 44% 47% 50% Trump and Pence 44 44 43 38 Johnson and Weld 8 4 5 4 Stein and Baraka na 1 na 2 SMONE ELSE(VOL) - 1 1 1 DK/NA 5 6 4 5
2. If the only candidates were Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine the Democrats and Donald Trump and Mike Pence the Republicans, for whom would you vote? (If undecided) As of today, do you lean more toward Clinton and Kaine or Trump and Pence?
LIKELY VOTERS.......... GA IA NC VA Clinton and Kaine 46% 46% 50% 53% Trump and Pence 46 47 44 40 SMONE ELSE(VOL) 1 1 1 2 DK/NA 7 6 4 5
*Results based on total sample, only asked of respondents who did not choose Clinton or Trump Q1 Respondents who named Clinton or Trump in Q1 assigned to initial preference.
3. Is your opinion of Donald Trump favorable, unfavorable or haven't you heard enough about him? COMBINED WITH: (If Favorable/Unfavorable) Do you feel that way strongly or somewhat?
LIKELY VOTERS.......... GA IA NC VA Strongly favorable 26% 24% 25% 22% Smwht favorable 12 12 9 12 Smwht unfavorable 7 10 7 6 Strongly unfavorable 48 49 52 55 Hvn't hrd enough 3 2 2 2 REFUSED/DK/NA 4 3 5 2
Dax McCarty, right, marks Ghana's Mohammed Abu during last Saturday's friendly at Pratt & Whitney Stadium in East Hartford, Conn. (Jim Rogash/Getty Images)
NASHVILLE — Last fall, as the curtain fell on his 11th pro season, Dax McCarty took comfort in his place in the soccer world.
He had come to terms with the fact that his U.S. national team career, what there was of it, wasn't going anywhere. He would pour all efforts into MLS causes, strengthening his bond with the New York Red Bulls after 5 1/2 years and continue chasing an elusive league trophy.
The winter break would allow him to recharge and, with a wedding date approaching, take his mind off a sport that had fueled him since childhood in central Florida.
“It's funny,” he said Thursday, “how things can change so quickly.”
Within a few months, McCarty was traded to the Chicago Fire, his fourth club in six-plus years. Jurgen Klinsmann's dismissal as U.S. coach would open the door to a fresh opportunity under Bruce Arena — although he'd have to ask permission to report to training camp late because of the January nuptials.
And after years of sitting on the periphery of the national team, pigeonholed as a solid MLS player whose game didn't translate to the rigors of international soccer, McCarty began climbing the depth chart and positioning himself for a spot on the 2018 World Cup squad (assuming the U.S. team qualifies this fall).
His next testing ground is the CONCACAF Gold Cup, which commences this weekend with 12 nations vying for a regional championship unrelated to World Cup efforts. With many U.S. regulars absent, McCarty and several others aching for opportunity will aim to prove their value ahead of the last four qualifiers and perhaps the big tournament next summer in Russia.
The Americans will open group play here Saturday against Panama at Nissan Stadium. Anything short of a place in the July 26 final in Santa Clara, Calif., will not sit well with a program that, since Arena began his second tenure in December, has revived its World Cup chances and posted a 4-0-4 record overall.
For McCarty, 30, the timing of the Gold Cup and his national team renaissance couldn't have been better. He's in terrific form with Chicago, MLS's surprise front-runner at the season's midway point.
Arena, an unabashed fan of McCarty's for years, is using the Gold Cup to test players on the second layer of the talent pool and, subsequently, begin narrowing the list for World Cup consideration.
“This has been his goal for a while now,” U.S. teammate Graham Zusi said. “He's been pushing at his club and now he's getting that reward. What we're seeing is a guy who isn't satisfied with just the call-up.”
McCarty's ascension is similar to Kyle Beckerman's four years ago: longtime MLS defensive midfielders past their 30th birthdays angling for their first World Cup squad many years after making their U.S. debuts. (McCarty's was in 2009.) While Beckerman was always in the mix with Klinsmann during the last World Cup cycle, McCarty benefited from the recent coaching change.
Between 2011 and '16, despite a strong MLS portfolio, McCarty appeared in one U.S. match (under Klinsmann's predecessor, Bob Bradley).
“I figured the World Cup was a stretch, but I would maybe put into Jurgen's mind that I'll be around for the next cycle,” he said. “So when I wasn't getting called in, there was a level of frustration, but there was also a level of acceptance because you do all you can at the club level and just want to continue to prove over and over again that you can play at the highest level.”
McCarty wrestled with the idea of emailing or calling Klinsmann to ask what else he needed to do to garner another call-up. He decided against it.
“If my play isn't enough,” he said, “maybe nothing will be enough.”
McCarty also thought about venting publicly, as Sporting Kansas City's Benny Feilhaber did.
“Sometimes I would watch games and say, ‘Man, I can be a part of this,' And I want to shout it from the top of the Empire State Building. I'm outspoken but try to do it with respect. It's a delicate balance between having yourself heard and not looking like an [expletive].”
Reflecting on the lack of opportunity under Klinsmann, McCarty said he isn't bitter.
“I felt like I deserved more of a chance than I had got, but this is how sports work. Some coaches just have preferences for other guys. That's how it goes. There's no secret formula where a coach plugs information into a computer and spits out a name. Maybe Jurgen thinks I'm a really good player, and maybe Jurgen thinks I'm a great player in MLS but just doesn't see it translate to another level.”
Arena did envision McCarty contributing at another level, though behind captain Michael Bradley and others in a deep midfield corps.
“In MLS, I've always tried to get him in trades,” said Arena, who guided the Los Angeles Galaxy from 2008 until last fall. “I was never successful at it. He's a good team player, a good experienced player at this point in his career.”
Arena summoned McCarty to the annual winter camp featuring MLS players on break. One problem: He was getting married soon.
“You are a guy I want to look at it,” Arena told him.
“As long as you are flexible with my wedding,” McCarty said.
“Take all the time you need,” Arena replied. “If you're lucky, you'll only get married once.”
McCarty missed four or five training sessions in Carson, Calif. At first, he was awful. Physically, he was rusty. Mentally, he was out of sorts after learning he'd been traded.
Red Bulls Coach Jesse Marsch told him about the swap in person at the U.S. team hotel. The conversation, McCarty said, said lasted an hour but didn't satisfy him.
“I got a few things off my chest; he listened,” McCarty said. “It was tough. In my heart, when it happened, I always knew the reason why, but I never heard it. He said they turned down offers a few times, but Chicago kept improving it to the point where they had to say yes. I always knew it had to do with salary issues and getting younger players on the field. I just wanted to hear it from him.”
Despite his productive play, McCarty has moved around the league a lot. After reaching the 2010 MLS Cup final, FC Dallas didn't protect him ahead of the expansion draft. Portland claimed him, then dealt him to D.C. United.
His term in Washington lasted only a few months. Burdened by the captain's role at age 23 and thrust into an uncomfortable midfield position (attacking instead of defensive), he admitted that “I wasn't very good.”
In a blockbuster trade, United sent him to the Red Bulls for Dwayne De Rosario, who proceeded to win 2011 MLS MVP honors. McCarty became the heart and soul of the Red Bulls, the captain, and gained the nickname “Ginger Ninja” for his light red hair and tenacious work.
All seemed well in New York until the trade.
“It took a while,” he said, “but I've moved on.” And with the Fire, he's part of a rebuilt team that has rebounded from years of neglect to forge an 11-game unbeaten streak and 11-3-5 record.
His performance with Chicago strengthened his case for inclusion on the U.S. squad at two World Cup qualifiers in March and the Gold Cup.
“I never gave up hope,” McCarty said. “Even though I was getting older, I never told myself I had no chance. I have continually added things to my game. I always felt, if I just hold out hope, even if it's 1 or 2 percent, I can show everyone I deserve to be here.”
********************
CONCACAF Gold Cup
Where: 14 U.S. venues.
When: July 7-26.
Defending champion: Mexico.
TV: Fox and Univision outlets.
Group A: Costa Rica, Honduras, Canada, French Guiana.
Group B: United States, Panama, Nicaragua, Martinique.
Group C: Mexico, El Salvador, Jamaica, Curacao.
U.S. matches
Saturday: Panama in Nashville, 4:30 p.m. ET (Fox, Univision)
Wednesday: Martinique in Tampa, 9 (FS1, UniMas)
Next Saturday: Nicaragua in Cleveland, 7 (FXX, Univision)
July 19: quarterfinal in Philadelphia*
July 22: semifinal in Arlington, Tex.*
July 26: final in Santa Clara, Calif.*
*if the Americans advance
U.S. roster
Goalkeepers: Brad Guzan (Atlanta United), Bill Hamid (D.C. United), Sean Johnson (New York City FC).
Defenders: Matt Besler (Sporting Kansas City), Omar Gonzalez (Pachuca), Matt Hedges (FC Dallas), Eric Lichaj (Nottingham Forest), Matt Miazga (Chelsea), Justin Morrow (Toronto FC), Jorge Villafaña (Santos Laguna), Graham Zusi (Sporting Kansas City).
Midfielders: Kellyn Acosta (FC Dallas), Paul Arriola (Tijuana), Alejandro Bedoya (Philadelphia Union), Joe Corona (Tijuana), Dax McCarty (Chicago Fire), Chris Pontius (Philadelphia Union), Cristian Roldan (Seattle Sounders FC), Kelyn Rowe (New England Revolution), Gyasi Zardes (L.A. Galaxy).
Forwards: Juan Agudelo (New England Revolution), Dom Dwyer (Sporting Kansas City), Jordan Morris (Seattle Sounders).
This is a guest post by Cristiano Betta
One of the amazing things about SMS is how ubiquitous it is. Whether you have a smartphone or an old '90s “dumb” phone you will be able to send and receive SMS messages. While many companies only use them as a notification service, they become really powerful when they facilitate a two way communication channel between companies and customers.
Notifications for a package delivery company
For this tutorial we'll create an interactive notifications system for a package delivery company. For this purpose we've created a simple “Nexmo Mail” app that allows an employee of the delivery company to type in a phone number and notify the recipient of a package that will be delivered.
This app serves as our starting point for this tutorial. It is a basic Express app, written in Javascript with a few extra modules to make things easier. We've added the body-parser module to parse our form submissions, and we added Bootstrap to make our UI look a bit more attractive. Finally, we added some babel modules so that we can write modern ES2015-flavored Javascript.
You can download the starting point of this tutorial from Github:
git clone git@github.com:nexmo-community/expressjs-delivery-notifications-demo.git cd nexmo-express-delivery-notifications-demo npm install npm start 1 2 3 4 5 git clone git @ github . com : nexmo - community / expressjs - delivery - notifications - demo . git cd nexmo - express - delivery - notifications - demo npm install npm start
Then visit localhost:3000 in your browser and submit a phone number in international format, e.g. 447755555555 .
All the code for this starting point can be found on the number-form branch on Github. All the code we will be adding below can be found on the delivery-notifications branch. For your convenience, you can see all the changes between our start and end point on Github as well.
The Nexmo SMS API
The Nexmo SMS API provides you with low latency and high deliverability. It is the most reliable way to reach users around the globe. While it has plenty of features we'll only be looking at two core elements: sending and receiving basic text messages. We will use this API to send people a notification of their delivery, offering them to change their delivery slot, and listen to any changes they send to us. To do this we are going to add the following changes to our app:
Add Nexmo to our app
Send an SMS message to the number provided with their delivery slot and instructions on how to change their slot
Listen to and confirm incoming text messages from the user to change their slot
We will be hardcoding the options in our app just to keep things simple. In your app you will obviously be determining the user's options based on some amazing machine learning algorithm you've personally invented.
Adding Nexmo to our app
In order to send an SMS message via Nexmo we're going to have to add the nexmo module to the project.
npm install nexmo dotenv --save 1 2 npm install nexmo dotenv -- save
As you can see, we also added the dotenv module. This is just so that the app can load the API credentials from a .env file. You can find your credentials on the settings page of your Nexmo account.
# .env KEY='<your_api_key>' SECRET='<your_api_secret>' FROM='<phone_number>' 1 2 3 4 5 # .env KEY = '<your_api_key>' SECRET = '<your_api_secret>' FROM = '<phone_number>'
We also added the Nexmo phone number that we will be sending an SMS message from to the .env file. You can buy a number from the Nexmo Dashboard, or you can use the nexmo-cli library and buy one straight from the command line.
For example to buy a UK phone number starting with 077 :
npm install -g nexmo-cli nexmo setup <your_api_key> <your_api_secret> nexmo number:buy GB 4477* --confirm 1 2 3 4 npm install - g nexmo - cli nexmo setup < your_api_key > < your_api_secret > nexmo number : buy GB 4477 * -- confirm
Now that we have our API key, secret, and Nexmo phone number, we initialize the Nexmo client.
// app.js - after the other imports import Nexmo from 'nexmo'; import dotenv from 'dotenv'; dotenv.config(); const nexmo = new Nexmo({ key: process.env.KEY, secret: process.env.SECRET }); 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 // app.js - after the other imports import Nexmo from 'nexmo' ; import dotenv from 'dotenv' ; dotenv . config ( ) ; const nexmo = new Nexmo ( { key : process . env . KEY , secret : process . env . SECRET } ) ;
From now on we can use nexmo anywhere in our app to make the API calls we need.
Sending an SMS message
Currently when the employee submits a phone number it calls the POST /notify endpoint which simply outputs a text confirmation in the browser. We will need to add some code to send an SMS message with the planned delivery slot, and a list of options for them to choose from.
Let's hardcode some options for the user to change their delivery slot to.
// app.js - after the previous code const options = [ 'this Friday', 'next Monday', 'next Tuesday' ]; 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 // app.js - after the previous code const options = [ 'this Friday' , 'next Monday' , 'next Tuesday' ] ;
We can use these options to generate a pretty text message to send to the user.
// app.js - after the previous code let notification = "Your Nexmo Mail delivery is scheduled for tomorrow between " + "8am and 2pm. If you wish to change the delivery date please " + "reply by typing 1, 2 or 3:
"; options.forEach((option, index) => { notification += `${index+1}. for ${option}
`; }); 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 // app.js - after the previous code let notification = "Your Nexmo Mail delivery is scheduled for tomorrow between " + "8am and 2pm. If you wish to change the delivery date please " + "reply by typing 1, 2 or 3:
" ; options . forEach ( ( option , index ) = > { notification += ` $ { index + 1 } . for $ { option } \ n ` ; } ) ;
Note: We didn't hardcode the whole message here as we will need these options again later.
Next up all we need to do is send the message to the phone number that was submitted.
// app.js app.post('/notify', (request, response) => { send(request.body.number, notification); // adding this line response.send('Notification sent'); }); 1 2 3 4 5 6 // app.js app . post ( '/notify' , ( request , response ) = > { send ( request . body . number , notification ) ; // adding this line response . send ( 'Notification sent' ) ; } ) ;
We wrapped the actual Nexmo API call in a send function to make things more readable and reusable. The send function wraps the nexmo.sms.sendTextMessage API and prefills the Nexmo phone number we bought before.
// app.js - anywhere outside of an endpoint call let send = function(number, message) { nexmo.sms.sendTextMessage( process.env.FROM, number, message ); } 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 // app.js - anywhere outside of an endpoint call let send = function ( number , message ) { nexmo . sms . sendTextMessage ( process . env . FROM , number , message ) ; }
If you now try and resubmit your own mobile number, you should get a text message within seconds.
Incoming Messages
Our final trick is to receive an incoming message from the user replying to our text message sent earlier. To do this, we are going to have to make our app available publicly to a Nexmo webhook.
Let's start by adding a dummy endpoint for the webhook to call.
// app.js app.get('/response', (request, response) => { // TODO: Confirm selection response.send('Response processed'); }); 1 2 3 4 5 6 // app.js app . get ( '/response' , ( request , response ) = > { // TODO: Confirm selection response . send ( 'Response processed' ) ; } ) ;
You have a few options to make your app publicly reachable by the Nexmo webhooks. If you are lucky enough to have a public IP on your machine, you should be ready to go. For the rest of us, we could either deploy the app, use an SSH tunnel, or my favorite solution: use the amazing ngrok tool.
Once your app is publicly available we can link our number to make a call to this endpoint when a SMS has been received. For this, we use the nexmo-cli once again.
> nexmo link:sms 44755555555 http://<your_url>.ngrok.io/response Number updated 1 2 3 > nexmo link : sms 44755555555 http : //<your_url>.ngrok.io/response Number updated
If you get any errors at this state please make sure you are using the Nexmo phone number on your account, and that the URL is publicly accessible.
Our last step is to expand our endpoint to take the incoming message, parse the response, check if it contains one of our options, and send another text message to confirm their selection.
// app.js app.get('/response', (request, response) => { // TODO: store this selection somewhere in your database // parse the message the user sent us const selection = parseInt(request.query.text) - 1; const day = options[selection]; // by default we will warn them to send us a valid response let message = "Please select from one of the valid options only."; // if the response was valid though we confirm the selection if (day) { message = `Thank you! Your delivery has been rescheduled for ${day}`; } send(request.query.msisdn, message); response.send('Response processed'); }); 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 // app.js app . get ( '/response' , ( request , response ) = > { // TODO: store this selection somewhere in your database // parse the message the user sent us const selection = parseInt ( request . query . text ) - 1 ; const day = options [ selection ] ; // by default we will warn them to send us a valid response let message = "Please select from one of the valid options only." ; // if the response was valid though we confirm the selection if ( day ) { message = ` Thank you ! Your delivery has been rescheduled for $ { day } ` ; } send ( request . query . msisdn , message ) ; response . send ( 'Response processed' ) ; } ) ;
Now try replying to the message you received earlier. It might take a few seconds depending on your internet connection but you should get a confirmation within a few seconds. Also try and reply with some random text messages and see what happens.
Next steps
The Nexmo SMS API has a lot more options than I showed here including Flash Messages, vCard, vCal, and much more. Personally I really like how easy the nexmo-cli make it to buy phone numbers and tie them to an endpoint.
I'd love to know what you'd add next? Please drop me a tweet (I'm @cbetta) with your thoughts and ideas.
Jeremy Paxman has been accused of insulting millions of people after he branded pensioners “virtual corpses” riddled with “incontinence and idiocy”.
The former Newsnight presenter, who is 66 himself, has become embroiled in a dispute with Mature Times, a newspaper aimed at the over-50s, after he launched a scathing attack on the publication.
Its publisher, Andrew Silk, hit back by claiming Paxman was clearly in denial about his age and likened him to Jeremy Clarkson, without the charisma.
In a column for the Financial Times, Paxman wrote: “At the reception desk of a hotel to which I checked in this week was a pile of free copies of Mature Times, which calls itself ‘the voice of our generation'. Oh God, I thought, the cheeky bastards are including me. Back off.
“For this must be the most unfashionable publication in Britain. Who wants to be called ‘mature', like an old cheese? We all know that ‘mature' means on the verge of incontinence, idiocy and peevish valetudinarianism. They might as well have named it the ‘Surgical Stocking Sentinel' or ‘Winceyette Weekly'.
“The paper is adorned with advertisements for hearing aids, recliner chairs, copper insoles, stairlifts, devices to help you in and out of the bath, and Your Life After Death, a book written by someone called ‘Joseph' who, apparently, is dead.
“I should rather be keeping company with Joseph than looking forward to any of these products: why do people who run these dreary publications assume that, apart from a cruise somewhere in the company of other virtual corpses, this sort of stuff is all we want?”
Jeremy Paxman's top 10 Newsnight moments - in videos Read more
Paxman went on to accuse the elderly of being humourless and said there was a strong case to restrict their ability to vote in polls such as the EU referendum. “It's simply not fair to allow people to vote for a future they won't live to enjoy or endure. The case for curtailing the franchise is undeniable,” he said.
He added that politicians were too frightened to confront the “whiffy vested interest” of old people. “They have every reason to laugh at the way government after government has skewed things in their favour. Yet the most striking thing about rooms full of old people is how very little you see them laughing.”
Silk then wrote a rebuttal in Mature Times in which he took issue with Paxman's “massive ego”.
Silk wrote: “He is 66, so he obviously does not see himself as one of the people he wants to poke fun at, which is irrational. This could be his Gerald Ratner moment.
“I see similarities between him and Jeremy Clarkson. He could be Clarkson without the money - Clarkson has made a living from being offensive. Paxman tries to be the intellectual one but he's lacking the charisma of Clarkson.
“I suspect that with the high media profile enjoyed by Mr Paxman, comes a massive ego as well – but perhaps it's time for that ego to contemplate a little.
“Mr Paxman, you have just insulted over 21 million people (yes that's how many over 50s there are in the UK), you have called them ‘cheesy and on the verge of incontinence' and I'm sure, on reflection you may regret such a statement.”
He added: “Now, I'm all open for criticism, and I'm happy to accept this where it's due – but what I really, really do object to is being referred to as a ‘cheeky bastard' - in fact I'd go so far as to say that it's downright insulting and unprofessional for a man of Mr Paxman's standing to use such language in such a way. I also object to the degrading and demeaning language that he used towards our readers.”
Silk asked Paxman to apologise and consider contributing a more reasoned article to the next edition of Mature Times about how the over 50s contribute to society. “I must say, I'm not holding my breath – but the invitation is there – let's see if you're man enough - or should I say ‘Mature' enough to take me up on it!” he said.
An undocumented immigrant receives dialysis in New York. | AP Photo/Seth Wenig New report offers options for insuring undocumented immigrants
It would cost about $462 million to provide health insurance to the state's low-income undocumented immigrants, according to an analysis from the Community Service Society, which advocates on behalf of immigrants and low-income New Yorkers.
Their report, released Friday, urges New York State, which "has a long and illustrious history as a gateway for new Americans," to close the coverage gap left by the Affordable Care Act.
Story Continued Below
Because of federal restrictions, undocumented immigrants may not purchase health insurance on the exchanges created by President Obama's signature law. That has left hundreds of thousands of New Yorkers without access to affordable coverage.
New York State offers undocumented immigrants emergency Medicaid and coverage for end stage renal disease and cancer, but that is far from the comprehensive insurance advocates say is needed.
The report offers three options to expand coverage.
The state is unlikely to act on any of these recommendations this year, but Elisabeth Benjamin, vice president of health initiatives and author of the report, wanted to provide policymakers with a real example of what it would cost to expand health insurance in the hopes that a dialogue could move forward.
Benjamin offers to pay for this with the $650 million the state saved by creating the Essential Plan, sometimes called the Basic Health Plan.
The Essential Plan allowed New York to receive federal dollars to help pay health insurance costs for people who had been funded only by the state.
"That windfall should be spent on immigrant communities," Benjamin said.
The $462 million would enable New York State to offer its Essential Plan, which provides low-cost insurance for those with incomes below 200 percent of the federal poverty level, to undocumented immigrants living in the state, and to those who qualify as Deferred Action Childhood Arrivals, meaning they entered the country before their 16th birthday. The DACA community, because of a New York State court ruling, is already eligible for Medicaid benefits. Extending the Essential Plan would offer those who earn too much to qualify for Medicaid a chance for health insurance.
The report estimates that expanding the Essential Plan would cover an additional 111,100 additional immigrants, about 25 percent of the uninsured population, according to the Migration Policy Institute.
The report assumes many immigrants would either earn too much money to qualify for the program or would choose not to participate.
The report also offers two less universal options that come with a lower price tag.
For $307 million, the state could expand emergency Medicaid to undocumented immigrants, offering them the equivalent of a high-deductible plan found on the exchange. This bronze-level plan would be offered to those earning less than 138 percent of the federal poverty level, which qualifies New Yorkers for Medicaid. The drawbacks to this type of insurance option are undocumented immigrants would be saddled with a $3,500 deductible and pay 50 percent co-insurance. However, preventive care would be free.
Benjamin estimates 85,000 people would take advantage of this plan.
The final option would offer coverage only to young adults, between the ages of 19 and 29, and would cost $78 million. This plan essentially expands the Child Health Plus program, which is already offered to undocumented immigrants. These young adults would pay premiums on a sliding scale based on their income. An estimated 28,000 would take advantage of this option.
"Each of these options offers practical and affordable programmatic solutions that New York State could take to substantially improve the lives of New York's newest state residents, enhance the health of our communities, and help stabilize the state's health care delivery system," the report concludes. "These three options provide New York an opportunity to continue to lead the country in promoting policies that offer immigrants equal opportunities to those afforded to their citizen counterparts."
Read the report here: http://bit.ly/1PWL6RP
Zhao Tao as Xiao Yu in A Touch of Sin. Credit: Kino Lorber, Inc.
TAIPEI – On a recent Thursday evening, a movie theater in a fashionable district of this city showed a film called "A Touch of Sin," which had been hailed around the world as one of Chinese director Jia Zhangke's finest works. China's Politburo had tried to squelch it, with a directive prohibiting all news coverage and reviews, since it painted an unflattering view of the new China. But the film's producers had a devil of a time showing it in Taipei too.
Hardly anyone will see Touch of Sin here, despite its anti-China themes, but the reason has less to do with politics than economics. The quasi-national state only allows 10 films a year from China -- which are determined by drawing lots -- and Jia's film didn't make the cut. So the distributor figured out a workaround: The film could be shown in a special "festival" held by a non-profit that would allow for 63 screenings, total.
"It's kind of ridiculous," said Taiwan's minister of culture, Lung Ying-Tai. Her administration has proposed raising the limit from 10 to 15 films, but that will require approval from the legislature. And why have the limit at all? "Protectionism," she answered simply, to a group of American journalists earlier this month.
Lung's response is a little odd, given that Taiwan dropped restrictions on film imports from other countries when it joined the World Trade Organization in 2001, and foreign movies already dominate the island's box office proceeds. In reality, Taiwan's protectionism is really about one country. As mainland China's influence rises and Taiwan falls behind other Asian powers, officials here are caught between a desire to open up to the behemoth next door, while also protecting the island's economic and cultural sovereignty. And that has led them to restrict the flow of goods, services, and even award-winning films across the Taiwan Strait.
On the one hand, Taiwanese officials boast about easing tensions with the mainland, which still regards the island as a wayward piece of its empire. There are 828 direct flights to China today, up from zero in 2007. A 2010 treaty lowered tariffs on many goods and established standards for investment and trade in commodities. Tourism has increased from 2 million Taiwanese visiting the mainland in 2007 to 5.2 million in 2013. And last month, the longtime rivals pulled off the first in-person meeting of high-profile officials in 65 years (while stopping short of a presidential rapprochement).
But the warmth only goes so far.
Taiwan is keeping China at a stiff arm's length -- not just on the feature films it shows, but the ways it allows capital to cross the border. Mainlanders can only own a small piece of a bank, for example, and no part of semiconductor or technology companies. They're Taiwan's crown jewels, and can easily be devalued through intellectual property theft.
"We really care about those high-tech industries," explained Steve Lin, Taiwan's deputy minister for Mainland Affairs, in a meeting with American journalists. That's perhaps why, while he could cite 90,000 cases of Taiwanese investment in China since 2009, there are only 400 cases of investment flowing the other way.
Lin's admission speaks to a deep worry about the country's economic future. President Ma Ying-jeou's promise of greater integration with China hasn't yielded the economic gains he promised, and Taiwan's Asian tiger days are long gone -- double-digit annual growth has sunk to one or two percent, while wages have stagnated, allowing emerging economies such as South Korea to surge ahead. Also, the limited ability of businesses to move across the strait has had serious consequences.
Just talk to Godwin Wang, assistant vice president at the Farglory Free Trade Zone outside Taipei. The government has helped set up these zones around the country's ports to help companies import and export goods with lower tariffs. When Farglory opened its high-tech, high-volume complex eight years ago, it expected to reach capacity in short order. Instead, it's done only about half the business it could handle -- mostly in lighter, more valuable goods like motherboards and outdoor wear -- as more and more Taiwanese companies just decide to move abroad seeking lower costs for labor and land.
"They all feel a certain kind of pressure from mainland China," Wang says, of his cargo-shipping clients. "We are suffocating, because they are stealing our jobs."
Farglory is pinning his business on one last hope: That consumers around the world will still believe Taiwan makes better products than China. To capitalize on that perception, it's built what it calls a "value-added center," where workers might add enough of a finishing touch to something imported from China -- putting the drivetrain on a bicycle, for example -- to qualify as "made in Taiwan" by the World Trade Organization's standards.
"Of course you could do it in China. But then it's 'made in China,'" Wang says. "What it means is that the bike was 'made in Taiwan.'" So the bike can now fetch a much higher price, he says -- a widely-held impression in the region.
The value-added center supplies 30 percent of Farglory's revenues at the moment, which Wang hopes to increase to 50 percent in the coming years. It's unclear, however, that the strategy is sustainable over the long term -- especially given that Taiwan's comparative advantage in advanced manufacturing is on the decline, as other regional economies learn how to replicate it.
To make matters worse, Taiwan has also failed to join many regional trade agreements that might help the nation make up for its cautious openness. Having missed out on the first two rounds of the massive Trans Pacific Partnership trade deal, it's hoping to get on board for the next round of talks. That, however, will require an overhaul of regulations governing trade and investment, which is proving difficult as well -- and frustrating for the American businesses that want access to the Taiwanese market.
"Very often we find that Taiwan comes up with proposed regulations that are unique, that do not line up with international practices," says Amy Chang, senior director for government affairs at the American Chamber of Commerce in Taiwan. The advent of robust democracy, she notes, hasn't helped in this regard -- consumer groups often resist new products, and the issue gets demagogued by public officials, Chang says.
Of course, Lung, the minister of culture, knows that it's more than just democracy and protectionism that's keeping Taiwan from opening the economic floodgates to China.
"It was a bloody civil war and 60 years of separation," she said. "It takes a while to see what used to be your enemy the way they really are." Plus, she pointed out, everybody in East Asia is a bit edgy about the behemoth next door. "The Taiwanese are even edgier than other people, and they have a reason to be," she said, mentioning the missiles China has pointed in their direction. "So we set up a lot more barriers."
The Obama administration is threatening to veto a defense bill, saying it impedes the president's ability to act on crucial national security matters, including his promise to close the military prison at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. (Mladen Antonov/AFP/Getty Images)
The White House issued its second veto threat against a massive annual defense bill on Tuesday, naming a long list of provisions that administration officials said would tie President Obama's hands on crucial national security matters.
The White House's Office of Management and Budget (OMB) issued its official assessment of the Senate version of the National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal 2017, a giant piece of legislation that establishes policy on issues from military pay to aircraft purchases to the battle against the Islamic State.
“The bill attempts to micromanage [the Defense Department] by impeding the Department's ability to respond to changing circumstances, directing overly prescriptive organizational changes, preventing the closure of Guantanamo, and limiting U.S. engagement with Cuba, and includes provisions that set an arbitrary limit on the size of the President's National Security Council staff,” OMB said in its assessment of the bill.
The administration threatened last month to veto the House version of the bill, citing lawmakers' steps to boost defense funding despite budget caps. Obama vetoed the original version of last year's bill, only his fifth veto since he took office in 2009, but he later signed an amended version into law.
Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.), who chairs the Senate Armed Services Committee, opened debate of the bill on the Senate floor on Monday by saying the bill's effort to reorganize the Pentagon bureaucracy would increase innovation and streamline management of complex security issues. Among other steps, the legislation would do away with a senior office overseeing defense procurement, which some lawmakers see as ineffective.
The OMB singled out 65 provisions as objectionable, starting with the steps that would impede the president's effort to close the military prison at Guantanamo Bay, in part by linking resettlement of detainees overseas to State Department travel warnings about those countries. Obama has transferred 158 detainees out of Guantanamo since taking office, and he hopes that moving dozens more this year would make it easier to deliver on his long-standing goal of shuttering the prison. The House bill also includes measures to restrict the administration's ability to resettle inmates overseas.
The White House also objects to measures in both the House and Senate bills that would cap the number of staff on the president's National Security Council. The Senate bill limits the number to 150, compared with 100 in the House version, excluding “wholly … administrative” employees.
The NSC has grown exponentially under various administrations in recent decades, doubling from 100 under Bill Clinton to 200 under George W. Bush. Obama's national security staff numbers about 400, a total that even National Security Adviser Susan E. Rice has said is probably too big. The size has been sharply criticized by Republicans and by some of Obama's former Cabinet secretaries. They accuse the NSC of “micromanaging” policy and usurping functions of the State and Defense Departments.
Rice has cut the staff by 12 percent over the past 18 months, according to the veto statement, which called the Senate cuts “arbitrary” and liable to inhibit the president's ability to carry out his “national security and foreign policy agenda in an increasingly complicated world.” In addition to forcing deeper cuts, the House bill said that any increase in the NSC staff above 100, including employees detailed from other agencies, would trigger a provision requiring congressional confirmation of the president's national security adviser.
The White House also rejected a provision in the Senate bill that restricts military-to-military interactions with Cuba unless the defense decretary certifies that Havana has stopped human-rights abuses and persecution of dissidents and “members of faith-based organizations.” It also requires Cuba to end all demands for the return of Guantanamo. There is a similar provision in the House bill.
Existing cooperation with Cuba on counter-narcotics, humanitarian relief and other matters has increased since diplomatic relations were reestablished last year. The proposed restriction, which also apparently would end monthly meetings between the U.S. commander of the Guantanamo base and his Cuban counterpart, “would hamper pragmatic, expert-level coordination” between the two governments “on issues that benefit the United States,” the administration said.
At the core of disagreement over recent defense legislation has been the overall level of U.S. military spending. While the Senate version of the bill does not take the same approach as the House bill, which would allocate wartime funding to the base budget, McCain is now backing an amendment that boosts defense spending beyond budget caps.
“This year's defense budget is more than $150 billion less than fiscal year 2011. And despite periodic relief from the budget caps that imposed these cuts … each of our military services remains underfunded, undersized, and unready to meet current and future threats,” McCain said on the Senate floor this week.
Karoun Demirjian contributed to this report.
Something delightful happened on a day in June 1955 that changed the lives of tens of millions of Soviet citizens: public parks, which were a precious escape from people's drab urban existence, opened up free of charge.
The entrance fee had amounted to the cost of a loaf of bread, not a sum to be sneezed at in a country that was still impoverished by the Second World War. But that day in June, word spread rapidly over that land of 11 time-zones: Thank Jawaharlal Nehru! The prime minister of India was then visiting the Soviet Union, and he became an instant – an unwitting – hero for young Soviet men and women. For many of them, now in their 70s and 80s, he remains a sentimental memory.
The story told around the country, but never officially reported, went like this: Among the numerous showcases of socialist progress to which the Soviet leaders took Nehru, the giant central park in Moscow was one. The leader of the Soviet Union, Nikita S. Khrushchev, his second-in-command, Prime Minister Nikolai A. Bulganin, and a host of lesser lights, including the mayor of Moscow, accompanied Nehru to the grand entrance to the central park. Nehru suddenly noticed something his hosts had never paid attention to and had taken for granted: a long line of people queuing at the ticket boxes near the gates. This was the scene one would expect to see at a sports stadium on the day of a major game, not at the entrance to a public park on an average day. Curious, Nehru asked who those people were, and why they were queuing. His hosts told him that they were purchasing tickets from cashiers to enter the park. Nehru, it is believed, was dumbfounded. He asked again to be sure, and received the same response.
The exact words uttered by Nehru are thought to have ranged from astonishment to admonition. He inquired how a communist government of a socialist country could charge its people to enter public parks, while the British, the US and other capitalist countries made public parks open to the public free of charge. The Royal Parks of London had been free public parks since 1851, a century before this Moscow encounter. Khrushchev was profoundly embarrassed, and livid. His retinue could not understand what had gone wrong and looked at their boss for instructions. He said something to his minions, who ran to the ticket boxes yelling and waving hands.
The ticket boxes were closed immediately, and the crowd was told that entrance was free. A minor stampede occurred when the people already inside ran back to demand refunds. Overnight, telephone calls and telegrams were fired across the Soviet Union. In the morning, the radio announcers informed the Soviet people that all public parks were free. In many parks, the surrounding metal fences were removed and the gates stood open even at night. That was a social revolution.
Why were there entrance fees in the first place? Most likely, it was a fiscal matter of municipal budget revenues. Soviet municipal governments, which had to take care of underpriced public utilities and the repair of the aging housing stock, were starved for revenues. Public parks entrance fees were handy – especially since rapid urbanisation had increased the number of paying customers. But once these fees had been exposed as unbecoming of a socialist country, they were doomed.
A great social liberation ensued. More people could afford to use public parks more often for recreation, family pursuits, picnics and romantic exploration. Everyone was elated and grateful to Nehru, the young and the old, the athletes and the war invalids, the picnicking families and the dating singles. Especially the latter. It so happened that in the Soviet Union, public parks doubled as open-air dance venues and dating spots, for the lack of other options. People had had to pay twice, once for the park entrance and again – the same amount – for the dance enclosure. Now, thanks to Nehru, the price had halved.
This was a huge deal, especially for students, young workers and apprentices. In the early and mid-1950s, urban social life was constrained. There were very few opportunities for young people to meet and date. Restaurants were beyond reach. A restaurant meal cost about 10% of the monthly wage per person. People ate at cheap factory cafeterias and municipal diners, which were not quite romantic. People lived in barracks and crammed communal flats, several persons to a room, often a dozen or more per apartment. Young people gathered in the backyards and basements of buildings – shabby, murky places. There were, in each city, a few factory clubs and community centers where people could dance; but it was assumed, with good reason, that the management was watching.
After Nehru, dancing in urban parks became more affordable. Strangers could meet more easily. The dating pool became greater and more heterogeneous, which facilitated matching. The effect on dating, matching and mating opportunities was hard to overestimate. To wit, this was Nehru's profound and lasting contribution to the liberation of Soviet sexual life. In economic terms, he expanded and diversified the dating, matching and marriage markets in the Soviet Union. Some people, now in their late 50s and early 60s, exist today thanks to him, possibly without ever having heard of him. This is fitting. The greatest contributions to humankind have been anonymous. Think of the invention of the wheel, fire, art, the alphabet – and free public parks.
Michael S. Bernstam, an economist, is a research fellow at Stanford University's Hoover Institution. He was born in Russia in 1943 and emigrated to the United States in 1977.
The thriller, ba sed on the best-selling 2011 novel written by King, is described as an event series, but the streaming service is open to additional seasons, possibly focused on other historic events. Adapted for television by Bridget Carpenter (The Red Road), 11/22/63 centers on Jake Epping (Franco), an unassuming divorced English teacher who stumbles upon a time portal that leads to 9/9/1958 and goes on a quest to try and prevent the assassination of John F. Kennedy, which occurred on November 22, 1963. But his mission is threatened by Lee Harvey Oswald, his falling in love and the past itself … which doesn't want to be changed. This has been a passion project for Abrams whose company optioned the book in 2013.
King, Abrams, Carpenter and Bryan Burk executive produce; Franco will serve as a producer. Warner Bros. TV, where Bad Robot is based, is the studio.
Franco, repped by CAA, Sloane, Offer, Weber and Dern, got his first break on the cult dramedy Freaks and Geeks and earned his first awards recognition with his starring role in the TV biopic James Dean. He was nominated for an Oscar for 127 Hours and most recently starred in the controversial feature comedy The Interview, which has been linked to the Sony hack.
There was a staged Conservative attack on Thursday on whether Canada's study guide for citizenship exams should retain a warning against female genital mutilation. When I say “staged,” I meant “a high school play level of acting,” the equivalent of a Christmas pantomime with facial expressions stretched to snapping point. It was the political version of the panto guy in the lime green clown suit putting his hands on his hips and terrifying the minion who scurries away with a little bucket.
"There are so many reparable things in Canada but so many splendours too: sex education in schools, Niagara Falls, ice melter, sheepskin slippers, not being American," writes Heather Mallick. ( Toronto Star File Photo )
It all took place in a House of Commons committee meeting. As the Globe and Mail reported, the Conservative immigration critic (in every sense of the word) Michelle Rempel said The Canadian Press had seen a draft guide back in July that no longer contained the advice that FGM is a crime. Now the government's Discover Canada guide is a drab dated thing ripe for renovation. In its pages, no Canadian woman has ever invented anything, though they enjoy tobogganing, cuddling and walking on streets and bridges. Overwhelmingly male, it ignores Margaret Atwood and Alice Munro in favour of writers like Sir Charles G.D. Roberts, and is so outdoorsy that you'd be forgiven for thinking Canada has no cities.
Article Continued Below
True, removing the old warning against “barbaric cultural practices that tolerate spousal abuse, ‘honour killings,' female genital mutilation, forced marriage or other gender-based violence” would seem odd and wrong for a Liberal government devoted to women's rights. But Ahmed Hussen, Minister for Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship, responded that nothing had been removed, they were working on a new draft guide and would consult to the nines, there was no deadline and no story, no cunning plan. And the story faded to grey, which is precisely when it lit up for me. We want new immigrants to fit in. But do we really? Shouldn't they be encouraged to be a good influence on the rest of us? Do I want more Canadians who drop their cigarette butts on the sidewalk? Who leave buses by the front door despite the sign saying “Please leave by the rear doors?” The bus driver gave up long ago but I will never yield. What is the most important thing a Canadian can do in the winter? That's right, layer. I don't mean wearing one collared shirt over another collared shirt like the white-rightist American Steve Bannon, the one with the hygiene problem. I guess Nazis layered up like this in the siege of Stalingrad but possibly not thickly enough, and Bannon has a plan. No, I mean wearing a T-shirt under a waffle-weave under a sweater under a parka. I do not understand why they don't have coat checks in malls — who shops hot? — and new Canadians might want to lobby for that. Tell us it's uncivilized.
Canadians form little gangs. It's not by race or house price, it's more of a liquid problem. There is an anxious group of us with a habit of decrying the fluid intake of fancy-pants city people. All Canadians drink water, coffee, beer, or mixed drinks but this group sees a malign message, an insult in the choice. They deplore people “sipping wine, cocktails and skinny lattes.” Opposition leader Andrew Scheer, schlumping along in a TV ad, actually defined his kind of people by their unwillingness to drink cocktails. What? He's never had a Bacardi and coke? I sure have.
Article Continued Below
To avoid these subterranean rifts, the new Discover Canada guide should warn immigrants, “Best not to drink at all but if you do, gulp your wine, chug your cocktails and as for coffee, buy it at a Tim Hortons where it will taste just plain terrible but you will be among the volk, so to speak. Or you could to go Starbucks and have some fun with Scheer. “I'll have a Grande, Quad, Nonfat, One-Pump, No-Whip, Mocha. No, I've changed my mind. I'll have a Venti Iced Skinny Hazelnut Macchiato, Sugar-Free Syrup, Extra Shot, Light Ice, No Whip.” There are so many reparable things in Canada but so many splendours too: sex education in schools, Niagara Falls, ice melter, sheepskin slippers, not being American. Our catchphrases are good too: “Keep your stick on the ice.” “My surgery is free?” “I hate Rogers Cable.” “Really? I hate Bell.” You can really bond over stuff like this and then you become a real Canadian. We like you, here on Turtle Island. hmallick@thestar.ca
Top moments from the third debate 8:13 AM ET Thu, 20 Oct 2016 | 01:18
Donald Trump on Thursday accused Hillary Clinton of "inappropriately" receiving debate questions ahead of time.
He made the claim in a tweet a day after their final debate.
Although Trump did not specify he was referring to Wednesday evening's debate, the timing of the tweet suggests that was his intention.
During that third and final presidential debate, moderator Chris Wallace made clear that he had not shared his questions ahead of time.
"For the record, I decided the topics and the questions in each topic. None of those questions has been shared with a commission or the two candidates," the Fox News anchor said, according to a transcript of the event.
Clinton's campaign did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Some outlets have reported that a Democratic National Committee official may have provided a single question to the Clinton campaign ahead of a town hall event during the primary campaign. Those allegations were denied by that official.
Cover: Emily Korth on “Beer Run” 13a, Rifle.
Photo by Sam Cody (@smuleco)
Emily might just be one of the most psyched climbers I've ever met. No matter how the day is, what the weather is doing or what the company is like at the crag, Emily will be getting super, super stoked on whatever is going on.
I first met Emily during an extremely cold (and poorly planned) climbing trip to Céüse in May of 2016. A mutual friend of one of my climbing partners at the time, we would all bail into his caravan to escape the rain and cold. Through a bunch of bottles of wine, bars of chocolate and countless games of “Cactus” (so… many…), it became apparent to me that Emily was a very driven, independent character. A characteristic memory I have is of a cold rest day when we went down to Gap to get groceries and escape the campsite. Emily stayed and went on a hike instead, ending up trudging through a snow storm on a neighboring mountain. She then cruised back, told us all about it and showed us photos she'd got from the top, then went back to crushing the next day.
Since then we've bumped into each other a few times in the states, namely Rifle and the RRG. Spending a bit more time around Emily only re-enforced my impression. No matter how she feels she's climbing, she fully commits to the process. She'll head out day after day, sometimes skipping rest days while the rest of us laze about at camp completely spent.
In addition to her climbing, she's also a creative, having completed a degree in the visual arts. The rest days she does take will often see her jugging up fixed lines to get climbing photos of her friends.
These days you can find her putting away hard sport climbs in Rifle, living out of her car chasing the dirtbag lifestyle. You can keep up with her photographic escapades on her photography website:
https://emilykorthphotography.smugmug.com
Or her Instagram:
@emily.korth
If you know someone who inspires your climbing community and would be happy to be featured, drop me a line @ nick_ducker@live.com
Advertisements
Though it's never going to post particularly impressive sales figures, the 2013 SRT Viper is, at least to us driving enthusiasts, the most important debut at the 2012 New York Auto Show . As such, it comes as little surprise that Chrysler has done its best to keep its new snake under cover ahead of its official debut.Despite those efforts, here we have what appears to be photographs snapped during a video presentation showing the 2013 SRT Viper looking rather sinister in crimson. Based on previous spy shots renderings and other random glimpses , these pics sure look like the real thing, and the reborn Viper looks just as venomous as ever.There's plenty of inspiration drawn from the first and second generations of the Dodge Viper , especially the gorgeous Coupe model, but we also note a fair bit of European flair courtesy of the automaker's recent tie-up with Italy's Fiat . Some of the coupe's sinuous and feminine curves recall the Alfa Romeo 8C in particular.You won't have to wait long for the 2013 Viper's official debut, as the New York Auto Show gets underway tomorrow. In the meantime, feel free to browse the image gallery above and let us know what you think of the new Viper in Comments.
Advertisement Police: Felony Lane Gang car burglars may be back in area Thieves target purses, wallets in unattended cars Share Copy Link Copy
Police said they believe a ring of professional purse snatchers has returned to the Kansas City metropolitan area.Lee's Summit police said members of the Felony Lane Gang are experts at breaking into cars, especially in crowded parking lots.“These folks take it to the next level,” said Sgt. Chris Depue, of the Lee's Summit Police Department. “Folks think, ‘I'll just lock the car.' If that purse or wallet is in plain sight, they'll bust open the car. They're very brazen.”Police said the group often works during the day with parking lot lookouts backing them up. While they're looking for anything of value left in a car, police said they often go after wallets and purses.“Because they know in that purse or wallet, there might be checks or debit cards,” Depue said. “Then they'll cash them at a bank for between $800 and $1,000.”Police said the gang members got their nickname, because they go to the bank drive-in lane that's furthest from the teller. Police said they call that the felony lane.“These folks realize they're trying to cash a check not written to them. They may not have the identity to go with it. They're going to pull up in the farthest lane they can to make it hard for the teller to recognize them.”“I have to admit, I am not always as cautious as I should be,” said Leslie Sims, of Lee's Summit. “Sometimes I do leave my purse in the car, but what I try to do is put it in the back or put it under the seat where it can't be seen.”Police said they think the gang's parking lot lookouts watch for people hiding their purses before leaving their cars. They said the best thing to do is put valuables in the trunk before entering the parking lot.Investigators said they believe the gang moves around the country, working in metropolitan areas for a week or two and then moving on.
DETROIT - "The Red Card You Want" is how the Detroit City FC is promoting their 2015 season ticket sale which began Friday.
The team's merchandise -- which includes a few new items -- also is available to purchase. Season tickets are going for $50 or you can purchase the package for $65, which includes a heavily sought after scarf at DetCityFCStore.com.
The NPSL season runs from May to July each year. Players from Michigan and around the country, who are currently in college or recently out of college, are selected to play after tryouts in the winter prior to season. The NPSL includes rivalries, tournaments and friendlies such as the Rust Belt Derby between DCFC, FC Buffalo and AFC Cleveland. The derby is based on the results of games played between the three sides. Cleveland won the inaugural year in 2012 and Detroit won in 2013 and 2014.
Detroit head coach Ben Pirmann (also known by the Northern Guard Supporters as Cesar) is an assistant coach for Michigan State University. He has helped guide MSU to the NCAA National Tournament this fall in which they are now hosting Washington University this weekend in East Lansing.
Pirmann, along with many of his DCFC players, has been on the college and national scene this year with his team being the last DCFC affiliate remaining.
The growth of Detroit City FC (8-3-3) has been apparent, last year they began to sell out their games with fans numbering in the 3000 plus range and would even stand around the outside of the fence of the stadium if they could not get in. The league itself as a whole has grown as well with the expansion last year to include in the Great Lakes East Conference the Michigan Stars (4-9-1) and Lansing United (8-2-4), who in their inaugural year became the 2014 conference winners led by Coach Eric Rudland. This year, there have already been quite a few other teams that are trying to jump on this exciting league's ride which include Grand Rapids FC, Muskegon Risers SC and AFC Ann Arbor.
"I am super excited about the upcoming season," said David Dwaihy, one of the DCFC owners. "The growth we saw in attendance over the course of last summer was unbelievable, and the quality of the squad was outstanding. It's amazing to think about how far this club has come in just three years, and I cannot wait to see how things play out in 2015."
Coach Pirmann is proud to lead this team as "Detroit City FC continues to set itself apart from others."
"We have, without a doubt, the greatest supporters in the country," he said. "‘Black Friday' is yet another example of our incredible fan base. The players who don the rouge and gold truly do play for something completely special and uniquer than any other club: our fans."
Head capo of the DCGC Northern Guard supporters group, Drew Gentry (a.k.a. Sergeant Scary) is one of those fans. He is the one most visibly seen with the bullhorn in the stands.
"We won the RBD (Rust Belt Derby) for the 2nd straight time in 2014 but we didn't quite reach our regular season aspirations," he said. "Because of that, I think the club and the supporters have a chip on their shoulder now. The club will be playing with a determination like you've never seen before…and we in the supporters section are cranking the intensity up to 11."
Detroit City FC players have the opportunity to not only hope to be seen by professional teams, such as Adam Bedell did who is now with the MLS Columbus Crew, but now they can also strive to be selected for the new professional soccer combine each year. This new combine feature was brought on by the league in the hope to produce more professional soccer players through the league. In the past, NPSL competed against the USL-PDL (Professional Development League) in obtaining players and PDL had the advantage in not only years of existence but also through the combines they held that provided chances for their players to move on to the next level. The NPSL now feels that more talent will want to play for their league due to this new facet of the combine.
This Professional Soccer combine for the National Premier Soccer League players will be an annual event and this year will take place on January 9-12 at Broward Community College in Fort Lauderdale Florida. Club coaches will be responsible for selecting their top players for the combine and the nominations will be reviewed and selected by the Combine/Technical Committee which consists of Chairman Kenny Farrell and Co-Chariman Chris Hanlon. There will be 18 players from each region selected. The coaches have already turned in their selections and nominations have been made as of November 26, 2014. The players have until December 8, 2014 to accept or decline this invitation and many of the nations the best professional soccer teams' coaches and scouts will be in attendance at the combine. NPSL Chairman Joe Barone is quoted saying, "The game is growing tremendously in the NPSL both on and off the field."
"We are all very excited that some of our very own players will have the opportunity to earn an invitation to play at the next level," Dwaihy said. "The NPSL has always been a great platform for amateur players to showcase their talent, and it is great to see the league taking this step to provide its players with a more formal opportunity to make the step up to professional soccer. Coach Pirmann nominated a handful of eligible players to attend and we hope they will show as well in the combine environment as they did while playing for us."
Pirmann also believes about that combine that "this could be a good improvement to continuing to develop the top players in the country."
Detroit City FC has a number of players that were nominated by Pirmann and selected by the committee, which includes; Tyler Arnone (MF, University of Michigan), Nick Lewin (D, University of Michigan), Cyrus Saydee (MF Michigan State University) and Zach Myers (F, Saginaw Valley State University). Along with those selected they have also included the alternate selection of Zach Schewee (D, Bowling Green State University).
Sergeant Scary confirms that with all of the excitement of the upcoming Detroit City FC NPSL 2015 season, "The only thing that could make it better is seeing YOU in the stands with us. Don't miss out!"
Copyright 2014 by ClickOnDetroit.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Following the viral response one cyclist filmed after being ticketed for not riding in a bike lane in New York, a visiting Dutch cyclist, Jasmijn Rijcken reported she'd been confronted by a police officer, then threatened with a ticket for wearing a skirt. The problem, according to police officer, was that a cyclist in a skirt was distracting, and therefore dangerous to motorists and other road users.
Cycling in a skirt isn't unusual – I cycle nearly every day and rarely wear trousers, spotting dozens of cyclists in dresses and skirts around London. Regardless of the length of skirts, they tend to offer more coverage than shorts, especially of the lycra variety. Skirts also help avoid the minefield of seams when cycling long distances and are far more comfortable than jeans.
I'm regularly confronted by men's backsides in skintight lycra, and both myself and the drivers around me manage not to crash. Sarah Ditum cycles in a skirt regularly in Bath, and manages not to cause car crashes: "I tend not to worry about flashing a bit of leg. I used to find it mortifying, but now I figure that if I've got leggings or tights on, I'm as covered-up as the Lycra-clad speed demons; and if I'm going bare legged, I wear shorts underneath. A bit of thigh isn't the end of the world".
One company has capitalised on the worry of exposing too much, and has invented the cycling "skort" – a pair of cycling shorts with a polyester skirt over the top. It does, however, induce flashbacks of netball kit, so perhaps not one for the fashionable cyclist.
Whether skirts, and the sight of women's legs are a motoring hazard is another matter. The online outrage caused by the New York incident stems from the uneasy area city cyclists inhabit – not quite a motorist, but also not a pedestrian. You may be on the road, but you are seen as a person, rather than a vehicle.
Any driver who was distracted enough by a cyclist in a skirt could reasonably be charged with driving without due care and attention. The hazards drivers are expected to respond to and avoid far outweigh skirts in terms of severity – high-speed police cars, ambulances and fire engines regularly force cars to clear roads at short notice, and the vast majority of drivers are able to do so safely. Considering step-through frames were invented to accommodate cyclists wishing to ride in skirts and dresses, doing so doesn't seem such a bizarre choice. Cycling isn't an extreme sport for most people, and the fact that you can easily cycle from A to B in your normal attire is a huge draw in the effort to increase cycling numbers.
The problem with cycling in skirts, it seems, is less about real risks to road safety, and more to do with the invective that tells women to rein in the way they present themselves to prevent crimes and accidents. Much as with the debate surrounding the recent Slutwalks, it seems that if a woman is involved in any form of crime, or crash, she will be asked what she could have done to prevent it.
Should a driver be so irresponsible as to crash on sight of a woman's legs, bare or otherwise, a woman is expected to think about whether a modest boiler suit could have prevented a pile-up. Many women who've been involved in collisions in London have been asked by police at the scene if they were wearing high heels on their bikes at the time: drivers are not asked the same question.
Considering women have a higher risk of being killed on roads, usually by left-turning HGVs, that the opinion that women's attire causes crashes, rather than poor driving and faulty infrastructure is insulting. If we're serious about increasing the number of women and girls cycling, claiming their presence on the road is a hazard needs to stop. Blaming cyclists for bad drivers is the same as blaming any victim for a criminals actions, and all cyclists should be free to wear whatever they feel comfortable in. Saying that, I wouldn't recommend cycling commando in a recumbent.
• Dawn Foster blogs at 101 Wankers
Best affordable tech cars
People seem quite impressed when they find a navigation system in some car with $25000 and other such stuff, but most of the time you can't get all the tech stuff in a car that you reckon affordable. You definitely look for loads of tech's tricks in your auto cabin if you have spent some good amount in buying your dream tech car. It's a fact that you don't get all the tech of the world in the cabin, but some really effective components are there that provide them a tincture of a true tech car.
Here is a trio that is affordable, but tech-rich inside.
2008 Volvo C30
Volvo has been offering some really affordable cars in the US market time by time and this little sporty looks a great emblem of new tech with past glory. When it comes to tech array of the Volvo, you can pick one with almost all the available tech options these days. The stereo interface inside the C30 is really something that you often crave for in an affordable car. Option for automatic transmission has been left out for the manual.
When it comes to design, this classic hatchback takes some nice effects from the Volvo P1800ES that was developed in 1972-73 and the classic design is aptly represented in an attractive and impressive way. Its two long doors make access easier to its backseats that can be folded down to extend cargo area. According to Volvo claims, the customization options of the C30 can drive 5m configurations.
2008 Scion xB
If you want to see the best tech values in some really affordable new vehicle, the Scion xB is a thing especially for you. There are no more bold and blunt exterior creases and some other characters have also missed, but you would find it a bit bigger and rich with all the tech thing that you want to have in some affordable, but effective tech car.
When it comes to design and inner, outer looks, it has got a less blatant double box shape, but this time with rounded edges. The mature look is not restricted only to its outside, the same sort of maturation can be seen in its interior with loads of given tech options. But there is a major absence of hands-free calling with Bluetooth, while the rest of the list is full of some really impressive and nice option.
2008 Nissan Altima Coupe
With impressive styling and awesome performance, the 2008 Nissan Altima Coupe is, indeed, a king Coupe that has some most advanced but not quite affordable inside tech options including hands-free calling interface and GPS navigation.
Nissan has proved true to make it a true performer with true tech and other coupe features. It serves as an emblem of Nissan dexterity from inside as well as from outside. The tech loaded cabin and stylish outside looks make it a really impressive drive for those who love something incredible to ride.
Background and recording Edit
Music and lyrics Edit
Release Edit
The album includes the singles "Never Understand", "You Trip Me Up" and "Just Like Honey". Following reissue on CD in August 1986, the bonus track "Some Candy Talking", which was originally released on the namesake EP, was included on the album, only on the UK Blanco y Negro CDs released in 1986 and 1997; in the USA, it was released on CD by Reprise in 1986 and American Recordings in 1993 without the bonus track. In 2006, the album was remastered and released in DualDisc format without "Some Candy Talking" to conform with the original playlist. In 2011, it was re-released (along with the other five studio albums) by Edsel in collaboration with Rhino as a two-CD set with extra tracks (singles, B-sides, demos and Peel Sessions) and a DVD (NTSC, all-region).
Reception Edit
Track listing Edit
Personnel Edit
Charts Edit
References Edit
Version 7.16 of the Google app rolled out in beta last week and revealed more about Assistant Routines and improvements to the built-in podcast player, among other updates. We've since been able to activate some new features that detail some minor tweaks in the works.
About APK Teardowns: In this ‘APK teardown,' we enable in-progress features of an application. As during teardowns, we're able to see various lines of code that hint at possible upcoming functionality. Keep in mind that Google may or may not ever ship these features, and our interpretation of what they are may be imperfect. With that in mind, read on.
Customizable Search Bar
The customizable search bar that we first spotted in September finally began rolling out last month. However, only a few users have it and in the meantime, Google has made some tweaks to the feature.
On the “Customize” page, there's now a button to “Change wallpaper” so that users can quickly make sure their background match up with a personalized search bar. There is also a new “Reset to default style” button at the bottom of this editor. Users had to previously hold down on the search bar from the homescreen to access this shortcut.
Persistent Bottom bar
The new Google app redesign with its brighter, rounded interface has been widely rolling out as of earlier this month. Of note, the version we've just activated still shows an Assistant shortcut as one of the menu items.
Meanwhile, this bottom bar features text labels and also slides up when searching. This is in contrast to the current behavior where the bar is hidden instead of appearing just above the keyboard.
Google Search
Despite the Google app redesign, most users are still seeing the same Search interface but with a rounded search bar and filter tabs. A future version might see Google rollout the redesigned version that looks cleaner with an edge-to-edge design. We've also spotted a “Nearby” tab as one of the Search filters as part of this interface.
Routines
We've been able to activate “Routines” in the Services listing in Assistant settings. This feature for running multiple commands with a single phrase is likely rolling out soon given the recent work going into the feature.
Web and Documents in Personal Search
Personal search is an underrated feature that allows users to search in apps. Google appears to be adding a new combined “Documents” and “Web” category. The former shows Google Keep results and the latter shows Chrome ones in a unified category. It will be interesting to see whether this will replace the individual app sections.
Dylan contributed to this article
Check out 9to5Google on YouTube for more news:
As we approach the end of the year, it's useful to look back and forward. Now is an auspicious time, as two major energy-related reports have been released this week: the federal government's review of their climate change policies, and a discussion paper from the Australian Energy Market Operator (AEMO) on future energy paths.
The difference between the two is striking. The AEMO paper is practical, direct and realistic. On the other hand, the climate policy review relies essentially on Australia buying lots of international carbon permits to meet our Paris target (and, implicitly, on state governments taking up the challenge their Canberra colleagues have largely abanondoned).
It's amusing to read a document that plays with numbers in such creative ways. But it is a fairy story, and it's no way to drive national climate policy.
Read more: The federal Climate Policy Review: a recipe for business as usual
I almost feel as though I could just change the dates and reprint my article reviewing prospects for energy in 2017:
2017 is the year when many long-festering energy policy problems must be addressed. Our outdated energy market model is falling apart. The gas industry is lining its pockets at the expense of Australian industry. Climate policy is urgent, but controversial among key decision-makers. Our fossil fuel exports are under threat from global forces.
But things have in fact shifted a long way – the revolution is accelerating and unstoppable. The federal government is almost irrelevant; the public statements and policies it presents are simply aimed at getting “something” through the Coalition party room, or trying to throw blame on others. It's very sad.
The real games are being played out within state governments; in battles between energy policy agencies and regulators; by emerging industry players who do not even have formal roles in energy legisation; and by business and the community as they defend themselves from the failures around them by implementing “behind the meter” solutions and working together.
The real heavy lifters
Medals of Valour should be awarded to Chief Scientist Alan Finkel, AEMO chief executive Audrey Zibelman, and South Australian Premier Jay Weatherill.
The government's response to this year's Finkel Review showed that no amount of compromise would allow a sensible energy and climate policy to pass through the minefield of the Coalition party room. Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull and Environment and Energy Minister Josh Frydenberg, both of whom know what they need to do, simply have too little political capital within that place to drive realistic energy policy.
But the Finkel Review also successfully recommended many changes that will help to fix the physical operation of the grid. Innovation and the laws of physics have finally begun to triumph over market politics and ideology.
Read more: The Finkel Review at a glance
AEMO worked out a way to get around the glacial and obstructive tactics of the Australian Energy Market Commission on demand-side action by setting up a “pilot project” to drive demand response. It has been clear for decades that this is a very cost-effective tool. Zibelman has been a voice of practical reality and clear understanding of the future of energy, including the demand side, and AEMO's future energy paths reflects that.
Weatherill has weathered a storm of abuse over his state's innovative energy strategy. His government has shown how a diversified approach can transform an energy system in little more than a year. But he needs to put more effort into long term energy efficiency and energy productivity improvement measures integrated with renewables and storage, to reduce pressure on electricity systems over time. For example, home cooling comprises a third of South Australia's peak electricity demand, but could be slashed by efficient buildings and cooling equipment.
What lies ahead
Looking forward, the coming year will be shaped by some key issues, some of which are already playing out at a frenetic pace. Consider a small sample of many recent events:
As mentioned, AEMO has released a discussion paper framing a very different electricity future, and including a low-carbon scenario.
The new battery in South Australia has delivered remarkable outcomes, helping to stabilise the grid in ways that few imagined.
Read more: Yes, SA's battery is a massive battery, but it can do much more besides
The Victorian Essential Services Commission has proposed a new “time of day” feed-in price for rooftop solar that reaches 29 cents per kilowatt-hour in afternoons and evenings. If approved, this will be a game-changer, as adding battery storage to rooftop solar will become far more attractive.
The Energy Networks Association, not the gas industry, has released a zero emission gas strategy at last.
The annual report on the National Energy Productivity Plan (remember that?) shows we're falling behind even the government's weak target: not surprising given the miniscule resources allocated.
Meanwhile the federal government has released energy modelling to underpin ongoing negotiation on the National Energy Guarantee (NEG) that is simply irrelevant and embarrassing. The Energy Security Board's involvement in this has undermined perceptions of its independence, especially when it is contrasted with the vision AEMO is discussing in its paper.
While the states have agreed to continue discussion on the NEG in April, there are some major hurdles. Primarily, states must be allowed to set and achieve their own energy targets: the federal energy minister has put the blame for problems on the states, and they now have to be seen by their voters to act.
Second, the design must ensure it does not give the dominant energy companies even more power to distort markets. Some members of the Energy Security Board seem to understand the challenges, and are optimistic they can be overcome. Time will tell.
As Turnbull has said, we live in exciting times.
Our Partners
Support those who support us.
Retail
Ace Hardware: Visit your local Ace Hardware and make a donation to Children's at the register.
Fleet Feet Sports: Stop by Fleet Feet Sports for in-store campaigns benefiting Children's Hospital and join their staff downtown for the 6th Annual Holiday Lights Run on Thursday, Dec. 15.
Levin Furniture: We are grateful for the support of Levin Furniture this holiday season.
Vineyard Vines: Shop at the Ross Park Mall store location on Wednesday, Dec. 7 from 6 to 8 p.m. and 10 percent of your purchase will be donated to Children's.
Restaurants
Bill's Bar and Burger: Stop by and try Bill's signature "Burger of the Month," with proceeds benefiting the Free Care Fund at Children's
Dairy Queen: Visit your local Dairy Queen and enter in-store raffles or make a donation to Children's at the register.
Dive Bar & Grill: Stop by any Sunday in December and 10 percent of your bill will be donated to the Free Care Fund at Children's.
Eat'n Park: Visit your local Eat'n Park restaurant through Tuesday, Dec. 13 and enter to win a 2017 Ford Mustang Convertible through a donation to the Caring for Kids Campaign benefiting Children's.
Rivertowne Restaurants & Brewery: Join Rivertowne locations for holiday events and drink specials, or purchase a $1 Your Best Gift paper icon for the chance to win a special prize.
Travel
AAA East Central: Purchase your Enjoy Coupon Book and check your AAA Motorist Magazine to mail in your donation to Children's.
Fairmont Pittsburgh: Book a Trees of Hope Package at Fairmont Pittsburgh and a donation will be made to Children's for each night of your stay.
Food and Beverage
Giant Eagle: Stop by your local Giant Eagle and purchase a Little Shopper Treat Card to support the Free Care Fund at Children's.
Oakmont Bakery: Stop by Oakmont Bakery to purchase a dozen holiday Farkleberry Cookies and proceeds will benefit the Free Care Fund at Children's.
Schwebel Baking Company: Schwebel Baking Company is a proud partner of Children's this holiday season.
Speedway: Stop by your local Speedway and donate to Children's at the register.
Entertainment
BIG 104.7: Buy tickets to the BIG 104.7 Country Christmas show on Thursday, Dec. 8 at Jergels Rhythm Grille and all proceeds go to Children's.
KDKA AM: Tune in to KDKA-AM on Thursday, Dec. 15 for the 63rd Annual Free Care Fund Benefit Show.
KDKA TV: Tune in to KDKA-TV on Thursday, Dec. 15 for the 63rd Annual Free Care Fund Benefit Show.
Pittsburgh Magazine: Proud partner of Children's this holiday season.
Pittsburgh Post-Gazette: Make a donation to Children's using a postage paid envelope located in your paper Nov. 20 to Dec. 18.
Settler's Ridge: Visit Settlers Ridge on the weekend of Dec. 10-11 and 17-18 for a horse & carriage ride with proceeds benefiting Children's.
Health, Beauty, and Fitness
Sport Clips: Visit Sport Clips in Monroeville for in-store campaigns to benefit Children's.
Services
Aflac: Purchase an Aflac Holiday Duck at your local Macy's department store.
Howard Hanna Office: Enter the $25,000 Cash Giveaway Raffle and visit a signature "Chow Chow" fundraising event at your local Howard Hanna Office.
Wade Heating & Cooling: $1 to the Free Care Fund at Children's will be donated for every service call.
Other
Greater Pittsburgh Business Connection: Now collecting donations to Children's at member businesses this holiday season.
Highwoods Properties: Get in the holiday spirit with the Annual Gingerbread Display & Competition at PPG Wintergarden now through Jan. 7, 2017. Donations to the Free Care Fund will be collected on-site.
Huntington Bank: Now accepting donations to Children's at any area location.
McKamish: A proud supporter of the Free Care Fund at Children's.
Penn United Technologies, Inc.: A proud supporter of the Free Care Fund at Children's.
Is your business interested in sponsorship or fundraising programs? Email corporatepartners@chp.edu for more information.
Various studies have exposed financial conflicts of interest, connecting relationships between researchers and doctors to pharmaceutical companies and assessment and reporting biases in drug safety and efficacy trials. Fewer have examined the influence of non-financial conflicts of interest in shaping research questions, analysis, results, and interpretation. New data, published in BMJ Open, finds that research comparing different psychological therapies frequently features undisclosed non-financial conflicts of interest (COI), as well as misrepresented findings.
“This study is—at least to our knowledge—the first that systematically assessed the extent and nature of reporting of financial and non-financial COI in systematic reviews of psychological therapies, and that investigated how often these conflicts are disclosed, and whether they may lead to spin in review conclusions.”
Findings demonstrate that the allegiance of researchers to a specific psychotherapy modality (e.g. psychoanalysis, cognitive-behavioral therapy, etc.) is strongly connected to outcomes proclaiming the same modality as superior to or equally effective to alternative modalities. Despite the fact that this represents a non-financial COI, such researcher allegiances become intertwined with financial incentives. Once a specific modality is deemed efficacious, the task of promoting the approach, obtaining patents, implementing treatment guidelines and incorporating it into trainings becomes much simpler, and provides clear benefits to those with direct allegiance.
“Although psychologists may mostly judge themselves as free of financial COI, however, researcher allegiance, as well as the inclusion of own studies into a review (which we both rated as non-financial COI), may well lead to financial gains indirectly.”
Dr. Klaus Lieb and researchers conducted a systematic review of psychotherapy literature published over the course of 3 years to investigate the prevalence and disclosure of non-financial COI, the presence of researcher allegiance, as well as whether or not such COI influenced the way findings were reported. All 95 articles examined were systemic reviews or meta-analyses of randomized control trials (RCT) on psychological therapies used to treat patients diagnosed with anxiety disorders, major personality disorders, and/or major depressive disorder in adults. Additional inclusion criteria were that reviews were in English, featured at least one randomized study, and incorporated active control groups which received either alternative modalities of psychological therapy or pharmacological interventions.
The following are the results of this review:
Despite 80% of journals requesting author disclosure of COI, only 23.1% and 4.2% of reviews disclosed financial and non-financial COI, respectively
In approximately one-third of the reviews, authors included their own primary outcome study, totaling 86 studies included across all reviews
16% of the reviews included authors with an undisclosed allegiance to the evaluated psychological therapy
Spin, or differences between results and conclusion of the review, were found in 27 of the 95 review conclusions (28%)
Spin was found to be linked to non-financial COI and with author inclusion of their own studies in the review
These findings underscore the prevalence of COI demanding greater transparency and management in psychotherapy research. Various shortcomings, such as limitations regarding the ability to generalize data to diagnoses not listed in these reviews, or to generalize to time periods extending beyond the timespan of this study, are important to consider.
However, it may be the case that instances of COI were underrepresented resulting from the quality of journal reporting standards limiting the researchers' ability to accurately identify all COI. Similarly, the researchers conducting this study only investigated disclosed COI, and did not investigate which review authors were associated with evaluation and interpretation of studies addressing different types of interventions.
The researchers call attention to the context and policies which influence the likelihood of authors reporting COI. Many journals do not request this disclosure, perpetuating the common misconception that non-financial COI is insignificant, a notion which ultimately fails to capture the risk involved when researcher allegiance results in the misrepresentation of findings.
Unlike in pharmacotherapy research, where researchers can choose to switch to studying a different drug if one proves not to be effective, psychotherapist researchers are often committed to a certain orientation through personal training and background. “Therefore, researcher allegiance might be present in primary studies in any case to some extent, but needs to be carefully declared in systematic reviews,” write the researchers.
Lieb and researchers point out the responsibility held by psychotherapy journals to clearly define non-financial COI, request this information from authors, and highlight the risks associated with researcher alliance and the inclusion of researchers' own primary studies into review articles.
Current beliefs about COI not only fail to include non-financial COI, but overlook personal COI that occur outside of researcher relationships to pharmaceutical companies. As this study demonstrates, personal and non-financial COI significantly impact how results are reported.
“If spin effects of non-financial COI in psychotherapy outcome research are confirmed in further studies, journals should do more than simply providing transparency of COI in order to better manage the impact of COI on research outcomes and publications. Strategies to mitigate biases may include the detection and removal of spin at the editorial stage, using independent authors and reviewers interpreting the findings of meta-analyses, the rejection of systematic reviews that demonstrate selective citation biases, and providing free access to all data of systematic reviews to ensure that systematic reviews can be more easily replicated.”
****
Lieb, K., Osten-Sacken, J. V., Stoffers-Winterling, J., Reiss, N., & Barth, J. (2016). Conflicts of interest and spin in reviews of psychological therapies: a systematic review. BMJ Open,6(4). doi:10.1136/bmjopen-2015-010606 (Abstract)
Michelle Janine Howard is also the first African-American woman to command a Navy ship. Navy gets female 4-star admiral
The Navy has its first female four-star admiral.
She is Michelle Janine Howard, promoted on Tuesday to the service's highest rank. The ceremony was held at the Women in Military Service for America Memorial at the Arlington National Cemetery, near the Pentagon.
Story Continued Below
She will serve as the vice chief of naval operations, which makes her the No. 2 admiral in the Navy behind Adm. Jonathan Greenert, the chief of naval operations.
( WOMEN RULE: How women are leading change)
Howard has served 32 years in the Navy. She is a 1978 graduate of Gateway High School in Aurora, Colorado. She graduated from the U.S. Naval Academy in 1982.
Among her many distinctions, Howard in 1999 became the first African-American woman to command a Navy ship.
Hundreds of baseball bats are broken by pro baseball players over the course of a season in the Nippon Professional Baseball league. The bits & pieces don't go to waste, however, instead being reborn into cool chopsticks carrying NPB team names, colors and logos.
They're called "Kattobashi", a play on words from "KATTOBASE!!", Japanese for "make a big hit" which is a term often heard (and heard often) at the ballpark. Also heard often is the crack of the bat - not only against the stitched horsehide sphere.
Broken bats are commonplace at all levels of the game where wooden bats are used. One might wonder where broken bats from North American MLB games end up, but in Japan they're remade into Kattobashi.
Collectors love 'em, as the team names, logos and colors impressed into the chopsticks encourage fans to collect a pair from each pro team.
The recycled chopsticks also act to reduce the number of disposable wooden chopsticks used and discarded daily, a huge problem for the environment.
Fans are far more likely to take their Kattobashi chopsticks with them when they dine, cleaning them when they return home and using them until they eventually break.
What happens then? We're not sure... hopefully someone will come along and recycle them into tiny baseball bats. (via Eco-Friendly Japan, Yahoo Japan and Rakuten)
I also blog frequently on the Yesod Web Framework blog, as well as the FP Complete blog.
Follow up on mapM_
See a typo? Have a suggestion? Edit this page on Github
This is a short follow-up to my blog post about mapM_ and Maybe. Roman Cheplyaka started a discussion on that post, and ultimately we came up with the following implementation of mapM_ which works for all Foldable s and avoids the non-tail-recursive case for Maybe as desired:
mapM_ :: (Applicative m, Foldable f) => (a -> m ()) -> f a -> m () mapM_ f a = go (toList a) where go [] = pure () go [x] = f x -- here's the magic go (x:xs) = f x *> go xs
Why is this useful? If you implement mapM_ directly in terms of foldr or foldMap , there is no way to tell that you are currently looking at the last element in the structure, and therefore will always end up with the equivalent of f x *> pure () in your expanded code. By contrast, with explicit pattern matching on the list-ified version, we can easily pattern match with go [x] and avoid *> pure () bit, thereby making tail recursion possible.
Some interesting things to note:
Using () <$ f x instead of f x *> pure () or f x >> return () seemed to make no difference for tail recursion purposes.
instead of or seemed to make no difference for tail recursion purposes. As a result of that, we still need to have the () -specialized type signature I describe in the previous blog post, there doesn't seem to be a way around that.
-specialized type signature I describe in the previous blog post, there doesn't seem to be a way around that. As you can see from the benchmark which I unceremoniously ripped off from Roman, there do not appear to be cases where this version has more memory residency than mapM_ from base . Roman had raised the concern that the intermediate list may involve extra allocations, though it appears that GHC is smart enough to avoid them.
Here are the results. Notice the significantly higher residency numbers for base :
5000 roman 36,064 bytes 5000 michael 36,064 bytes 5000 base 36,064 bytes 50000 roman 36,064 bytes 50000 michael 36,064 bytes 50000 base 133,200 bytes 500000 roman 44,384 bytes 500000 michael 44,384 bytes 500000 base 2,354,216 bytes 5000000 roman 44,384 bytes 5000000 michael 44,384 bytes 5000000 base 38,235,176 bytes
My takeaway from all of this: it's probably too late to change the type signature of mapM_ and forM_ in base , but this alternative implementation is a good fit for mono-traversable. Perhaps there are some rewrite rules that could be applied in base to get the benefits of this implementation as well.
Completely tangential, but: as long as I'm linking to pull requests based on blog posts, I've put together a PR for classy-prelude and conduit-combinators that gets rid of generalized I/O operations, based on my readFile blog post.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
About 100 of President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE's nominees will have to be resubmitted for approval next year after the Senate left town for the rest of the year on Thursday without completing work on them.
The stalled nominees include Alex Azar, who Trump tapped to lead the Department of Health and Human Services; KT McFarland, who is being considered for ambassador to Singapore; and Kathleen Hartnett White, one of Trump's most controversial environmental picks.
ADVERTISEMENT
Senate rules require that at the end of the first session, any nominees who have not yet been confirmed are sent back to the White House, unless the Senate votes unanimously to carry the nominations over.
The fight over nominations has been a battle between Democrats and Republicans throughout the year. Because Democrats changed the filibuster rules when they controlled the chamber, it only takes a majority vote to confirm nominees, who cannot be filibustered.
But each nominee still takes time, and delays have contributed to the load of nominees who have yet to move forward.
All of the nominees can be resubmitted by the White House next year.
A handful of them may not be, however.
McFarland has come under scrutiny over her contacts with former national security adviser Michael Flynn, who pleaded guilty last month to lying to the FBI about his contacts with Russians. There are real doubts that the Senate will vote to confirm her.
The sheer number of nominees sent back to the White House this year is unprecedented.
Only eight of former President Obama's nominees, and two of former President George W. Bush's, were sent back during their first years, according to Politico.
“It definitely violates precedent,” Sen. James Lankford James Paul LankfordHarris on election security: 'Russia can't hack a piece of paper' GOP advances rules change to speed up confirmation of Trump nominees GOP senator calls Omar's apology 'entirely appropriate' MORE (R-Okla.) told Politico. “That's just a sign of the times that people are looking for a rule to be able to slow the Senate down even more. ... That's making a bad situation worse.”
poster="http://v.politico.com/images/1155968404/201606/146/1155968404_4928808557001_160606-MJ-Trump-00-00-32-22-Still001.jpg?pubId=1155968404" true Morning Joe panelists rip 'completely racist' Trump
The feud between Donald Trump and MSNBC's "Morning Joe" kicked up several notches Monday morning, days after the presumptive Republican nominee remarked that Indiana-born Judge Gonzalo Curiel's Mexican heritage presents a conflict of interest in his ability to preside over lawsuits related to his Trump University business because he is "building a wall."
Trump then told CBS' "Face the Nation" in another interview aired Sunday that the same principle might apply to a Muslim judge due to his call for a temporary ban on Muslim immigration. "I'm talking about common sense, OK? He's somebody, he's proud of his heritage, and I think that's great that he's proud of his heritage."
Story Continued Below
"He's not treating me fairly," Trump told CBS' John Dickerson.
"Can I just do a poll? Is that racism?" co-host Mika Brzezinski asked panelist Nicolle Wallace, who replied, "Yes."
"Joe ... " Brzezinski began.
Before she could finish asking him if the statement was racist, Scarborough remarked, "It's completely racist."
"Here you have a guy that is from Indiana, from Indiana. I think his family, if I'm not mistaken, had been in the country longer than Trump's grandmother," Scarborough said.
Brzezinski then asked guest Rev. Al Sharpton if Trump's comment represented racism.
"Oh, it's absolutely, unequivocally racist," Sharpton said.
Scarborough then turned his fire to Republicans who have endorsed Trump and who feigned shock at the comments.
"They can't be morally outraged this week when they knew what he was doing last week. And by the way, I said it here on the TV box. And you can check it out on the TV box. I said, all the way back in December, I would never endorse Donald Trump so long as he supported banning 1.4 million people for entering the last best hope for a dying world, the United States of America, simply because of the god they worship. Simply because they were Muslim," Scarborough said.
He continued, remarking that while he and Brzezinski had predicted that Trump would win the nomination and "pissed a lot of people off" in the process while making clear that he would "never support" someone who advocated such a ban.
"I also said, what he said about David Duke was disqualifying. Wrote it in The Washington Post. So these Republicans, this week, who were so shocked and stunned and deeply saddened and offended by this clear act of racism had all the evidence in the world before that he had done things that again stopped them from endorsing him," Scarborough said, before asking House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) how he could endorse Trump, a candidate supporting the temporary ban of Muslims.
"You make him back down, actually," Scarborough said. "That's what I was hoping, that perhaps we could put pressure on him to back down and change that policy."
Ryan, Scarborough continued, "cannot say, 'Oh, well, Donald Trump's Donald Trump.' Donald Trump's Donald Trump, but the House is -- no, now he endorses Donald Trump. He endorses his racism against Muslims, Paul Ryan endorses his racism against Mexicans. Paul Ryan endorses his racism against Americans who may have, oh, I don't know, 1/16th Mexican blood in there, saying they're disqualified to be judges."
The show then played a clip of Trump remarking at a Friday event, "Look at my African-American over there," while pointing to an African-American man in the crowd.
"This is the guy the Republican party says should be in charge of the government of the United States and the armed services, to appoint judges, Supreme Court judges -- this is the guy [who says] 'look at my African-American over there,' While the Mexican judge, who is not Mexican, he's Indianan," Sharpton said.
"He's a Hoosier, for God's sake!" Scarborough interjected. "He's a Hoosier!"
Trump on Friday accused the MSNBC morning show of "losing its way," tweeting, “I don't watch or do @Morning_Joe anymore. Small audience, low ratings! I hear Mika has gone wild with hate. Joe is Joe. They lost their way!”
Wow! The pace of IPv6 deployment is rapidly accelerating! This morning Google's IPv6 measurements crossed the 3% milestone just under five months from when the 2% milestone was crossed. Prior to that it had taken 11 months to go from 1% to 2%. The growth path is certainly heading in the right direction:
To be clear, what Google is measuring here is the percentage of users that access Google services over IPv6. Given the range of IPv6-connected services that Google offers, including YouTube, Google+, and Gmail, these measurements do provide a good view into the amount of IPv6 deployed in access networks around the world.
What is driving this growth? In a post on our Internet Technology Matters blog, my colleague Phil Roberts writes:
More operators in more countries are deploying IPv6 and increasing the size of their subscriber base that use the technology. You can see the list of networks that have measurable IPv6 deployments in the World IPv6 Launch. You can also look at the Google country graph of Europe to see that there are substantial deployments in Switzerland, Belgium, Romania, Germany, and France, for example. The IPv6 traffic from Belgium alone has almost doubled in the last month.
As Phil notes, we recently predicted IPv6 will get to 10% deployment this year and while that may be an aggressive prediction it is very clear that IPv6 is no longer something that will be mythically deployed “some day“. IPv6 deployment IS happening… and more rapidly than ever!
If you haven't been thinking about making your content available over IPv6 and/or making your network work over IPv6, now is definitely the time to do so! Please check out our IPv6 resources and please do let us know how we can help you make the move!
The anti-war protesters did not shut down half the downtown, that was the city government's idea. As for the small businesses on the parade route, the ones who stayed open that Sunday did a booming business. Dunkin' Donuts was packed with both protesters and cops getting snacks and the convenience stores selling drinks were busy as well. I bought a quart of mineral water from a bar that stayed open and downed the whole thing because of the heat. There was a line at the cash register.
BTW, Chicago has parades for every occasion, handled properly, they provide revenue for the vendors who sell refreshments and trinkets. Chicagoans are quite used to parades of all types. In fact, why didn't the city welcome the anti-war protesters instead forcing ridiculous restrictions on them and making the whole permit process more unpleasant than an IRS audit. The city could have presented itself as fair minded and open to all sides. Nah, this is Chicago where dissenters are viewed by the city authorities as no better than stray urban coyotes lurking in Grant Park.
And what were those Blackhawk helicopters doing when they buzzed the city and suburbs? I mean besides terrifying the locals.
In my opinion, the city government wanted violence. As parades go, the Sunday May 20th anti-war march was fairly small, only about 10,000 people. Most of them left when the veterans ceremony was over on Cermak Road. I went home about 30 minutes before the trouble started to accompany a neighbor who looked distressed because of the heat, but being surrounded by aggressive shoving riot police, constantly being nearly run down by bike cops, fenced in by barricades and being ordered to move to one area only to find that was blocked was an invitation for trouble.
I don't have any details about the stabbing of the cop in the leg that the media referenced or how the officer received it. It's been a week and I have seen no further mention of it. The Chicago Police are not a reliable source of information, so that does not surprise me.
Most of the injuries were among peaceful demonstrators caught up in a violence they did not want any part of. I might add that most of the police were well behaved and just wanted to collect their paychecks and go home. We had a few thugs on our side, the police had many more. If the police command wanted a peaceful ending they would have cooperated with the parade organizers.
Parade organizers had worked hard to reason with the Black Bloc but received no cooperation from the police at the end of the march.The police chief obviously wanted to be the "hero" of the day and get column inches in our local news tabloid.
As for the Black Bloc, there were a couple of hundreds of them and most of them were not violent in any way. They had some obnoxious chants and dressed in black on a hot day so that they were pretty sweaty by the end, but other than that, they were just being theatrical. I'm sure they were well infiltrated and that the police had a pretty good idea of who they were and their capabilities.
The few anti-war demonstrators who were looking for trouble ensured that the veterans ceremony was shoved out of the media attention so that they got their headlines along with our "heroic" police chief who penned us in like animals and then pretended to be surprised when there was pushing, shoving and violence. The Battle of Cermak Road ended ignominiously, but with no fatalities.
The few jerks among the demonstrators did not bomb villages, unleash drone strikes, massacre peasants or fight wars for oil and geo-political control over resources. In fact, neither did the more numerous jerks among the cops. There were no people left with catastrophic brain injuries, scarred bodies or missing limbs. There were no crippling instances of PTSD. There no graves, marked or unmarked. That kind of violence was the responsibility of the NATO leaders who were a few blocks to the east of us.
The real violence was being planned there. Not by some assholes in black, either in riot police uniforms or with anarchist slogans on their t-shirts.
After inflicting this whole NATO G-8 debacle on the beleaguered citizens of Chicago, Mayor Emanuel (aka Mayor 1%) is now trying to screw the cops out of the overtime they earned during the NATO weekend. He did offer them some Sox tickets though. The police union was not impressed and has several formal grievances filed against the city.
Rahm, please find some other line of work where you can do no harm. You clearly have no idea how to govern a major American metropolis.
Sources Consulted:
Editorial: Chicago was sold a bill of NATO goods from Crains' Chicago Business
OpEd: Did NATO spiff up Chicago's image? Who knows? by Bill Savage
Here's something to protest: big banks by Greg Hinz
Spanish elections: Support for Podemos declines amid predicted losses for main parties
By Paul Mitchell
20 May 2015
Polls for the May 24 elections in 13 of Spain's 17 regions and around 8,000 municipalities suggest the hold of the two main parties—the right wing Popular Party (PP) and Socialist Workers party (PSOE)—will fragment even further.
The PP will lose nearly all its absolute majorities, even in heartland—with the PSOE unable to benefit. In many regions and cities, two new parties—the pseudo-left Podemos (We Can) and the right-wing Ciudadanos (Citizens, C's)—could hold the balance of power.
However, the polls also suggest support for Podemos is faltering—from around 27 percent in November 2014, when it managed to become the number one party in Spain, to about 20 percent today.
Podemos was launched last year by the Pabloite Anti-capitalist Left (IA) group, and a handful of Stalinist academics from Madrid's Complutense University, led by 36-year-old professor and TV pundit Pablo Iglesias on a programme of left-sounding “anti-capitalist” demands.
The party's rapid rise was a sign of the volatile political situation and the collapse in support for the PP and PSOE through which the class struggle had been suppressed for decades after the transition from the fascist regime of General Francisco Franco to bourgeois democracy in 1975-78.
One of the reasons for the drop in support for Podemos is the apparent transfer of disaffected PP voters attracted to Iglesias's tirades against the corrupt “caste” to Citizens, a nine-year-old party that began life in Catalonia as an anti-independence party but became a national party last year and is now polling around 14 percent. Citizens leader Albert Rivera employs anti-corruption rhetoric similar to Iglesias, but is more acceptable to sections of big business and the media which have heavily promoted the party—earning it the nickname “the Ibex 35 party” after the Madrid stock exchange index.
A key Citizens policy is the creation of a single work contract in Spain to replace the current two-tier system. The aim is to bring the relatively better pay and conditions of generally older workers on permanent contracts down to the levels of those on cheaper temporary contracts, a quest the Spanish employers' federation, CEOE, has been pursuing for years.
The major factor in Podemos's declining support, however, is the junking of virtually all its “anti-capitalist” demands. Calls to overthrow the “1978 regime” and establish a republic have been dropped. Restructuring the €61 billion bank bailout from the European Union has taken the place of non-payment and exiting the euro is no longer mentioned.
Podemos has abandoned its promise to nationalise key sectors of the economy and ban redundancies in profitable companies, public subsidies to private (charter) schools, temporary job agencies and evictions (proposing instead the provision of alternative housing). It has reneged on its promise to cut the retirement age from 65 to 60 and to establish universal basic state wages and rent. At the same time, Podemos has adopted the vocabulary classically associated with far-right politics—praising the Church, the monarchy and the army.
On April 30, co-founder Juan Carlos Monedero resigned from the number-three position in Podemos, warning that it was becoming like the parties it was seeking to replace. “If we lose this window of opportunity, it will be terrible: we would be betraying a lot of people who believed that we represented change,” Monedero declared.
Monedero's resignation was linked to his failure to declare around €425,000 allegedly earned as an adviser to various “Bolivarian” countries in Latin American. The revelation was a gift to the press, which hammered Podemos for being as corrupt as the parties it criticised and for being in the pay of dictatorial regimes.
Iglesias responded to Monedero's resignation declaring, “As you can imagine, it's enormously painful. For me Juan Carlos is not only a long-standing teammate, he is also one of my best friends and he has been and still is a key figure for our political careers and of course for Podemos.”
Josep María Antentas, sociology professor and leading Pabloite, writing in International Viewpoint on May 8, also warned about the search for “centre” votes. He declared, “The challenge is for Podemos to continue to set the political agenda by placing proposals and issues on the table to highlight its uniqueness and its credibility as an agent of democratic and social change.”
Unsurprisingly, Antentas made no reference to the fact that the Pabloites bear direct responsibility for the rightward lurch of Podemos. Under pressure from the Iglesias faction which demanded Podemos members drop dual membership in another party, Anticapitalists was dissolved. Subsequently, half of the organisation in Andalusia was expelled for opposing the dissolution. They complained that Anticapitalist's “achievements” of “getting some parliamentary positions, as in the case of Teresa Rodriguez in Andalusia, or replacing Miguel Urbán in the European Parliament, have been at the cost of completely abandoning the defence of an anticapitalist programme.”
They go on, “It has accepted uncritically the turn to the ‘centre' expressed by the direction of Pablo Iglesias, who is guiding Podemos towards an impasse that will disappoint the sectors the hardest hit by the crisis, while losing the battle for hegemony in the centre of the political scene after the upsurge of the liberal right of Citizens.”
The belated complaints of the Andalusian Anticapitalists bear out the warnings made by the World Socialist Web Site when Podemos first emerged that, like its counterpart in Greece, Syriza, it was a pro-capitalist party that would inevitably betray, then attack the working class. Iglesias has repeatedly insisted that he is willing to make any kind of political alliance, including with explicitly right-wing forces. In a statement declaring that he would consider deals with both the PSOE and the PP, he said, “We are not sectarian. On programmatic issues, we will not have problems with anyone.”
The role of Podemos has been to steer mass anger into the dead end of electing new bourgeois governments and a mechanism for the affluent middle class layers inside Podemos to join “the caste” they claim to abhor.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Esther Okade might be ten years younger than normal university students, but she's easily ten years cooler. Even Tony Stark didn't graduate MIT until he was in his late teens.
After successfully enrolling at the UK's Open University, Walsall's Okade has become one of the world's youngest college students. She enrolled three weeks ago and has already received a perfect score on her first test, which she says was “easy.” I have a feeling not everyone might agree with that assessment – except her six-year-old brother, Isaiah, who is already taking university qualification exams himself. What magic DNA?
In addition to math, Okade also loves Frozen and playing with dolls, but attending university so young was entirely her idea. Her mother said that “from the age of seven Esther has wanted to go to university, but I was afraid it was too soon.” She finally gave in to her daughter when Okade hit double-digits. Apparently, Okade wants to run her own bank one day, and I would happily invest my money there, ma'am.
Okade previously made the BBC back in 2010, when she was only six years old, for receiving a C grade in her maths GCSE, a test normally taken by 14 to 16-year-olds in England. Okade took the test at Ounsdale High School in Wombourne, Wolverhampton, which are apparently all actual, real place names. At the time, Okade's father (“the happiest dad in the world”) said that they noticed her “knack for numbers” at age three, and that her mother has been teaching her algebra and quadratic equations.
When I was six years old I was really into Charlotte's Web, so, you know. There's that.
(via The Independent)
Are you following The Mary Sue on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest, & Google +?
Getty Images
A Texas state senator who has been both Dez Bryant's attorney and his landlord is suing Bryant, claiming that Bryant trashed a rental home.
Royce West, a state senator who represents a precinct in Dallas, filed a lawsuit against the Cowboys star last week, according to the Dallas Morning News.
West says Bryant rented a house from him that West found “littered with trash and feces, missing blinds and shutters, with cracked windows and blackened carpeting” after Bryant moved out in January.
This isn't the first time we've heard from West in connection with Bryant, but in the past West has been defending Bryant. In 2011, when Bryant was accused of failing to pay for $246,000 worth of jewelry, West served as his attorney and promised the matter would be resolved. In 2012, when Bryant was accused of family violence in an altercation with his mother, West released a statement saying no violence occurred. Later that year, West released a statement saying Bryant had agreed to take anger management counseling.
Now West and Bryant are on opposite sides of a legal matter.
[This post is by Scott Main, lead tech writer for developer.android.com. — Tim Bray]
Before Android 3.0 (Honeycomb), all Android-powered devices included a dedicated Menu button. As a developer, you could use the Menu button to display whatever options were relevant to the user, often using the activity's built-in options menu. Honeycomb removed the reliance on physical buttons, and introduced the ActionBar class as the standard solution to make actions from the user options immediately visible and quick to invoke. In order to provide the most intuitive and consistent user experience in your apps, you should migrate your designs away from using the Menu button and toward using the action bar. This isn't a new concept — the action bar pattern has been around on Android even before Honeycomb. As Ice Cream Sandwich rolls out to more devices, it's important that you begin to migrate your designs to the action bar in order to promote a consistent Android user experience.
You might worry that it's too much work to begin using the action bar, because you need to support versions of Android older than Honeycomb. However, it's quite simple for most apps because you can continue to support the Menu button on pre-Honeycomb devices, but also provide the action bar on newer devices with only a few lines of code changes.
If I had to put this whole post into one sentence, it'd be: Set targetSdkVersion to 14 and, if you use the options menu, surface a few actions in the action bar with showAsAction="ifRoom" .
Don't call it a menu
Not only should your apps stop relying on the hardware Menu button, but you should stop thinking about your activities using a “menu button” at all. Your activities should provide buttons for important user actions directly in the action bar (or elsewhere on screen). Those that can't fit in the action bar end up in the action overflow.
In the screenshot here, you can see an action button for Search and the action overflow on the right side of the action bar.
Even if your app is built to support versions of Android older than 3.0 (in which apps traditionally use the options menu panel to display user options/actions), when it runs on Android 3.0 and beyond, there's no Menu button. The button that appears in the system/navigation bar represents the action overflow for legacy apps, which reveals actions and user options that have “overflowed off the screen.”
This might seem like splitting hairs over terminology, but the name action overflow promotes a different way of thinking. Instead of thinking about a menu that serves as a catch-all for various user options, you should think more about which user options you want to display on the screen as actions. Those that don't need to be on the screen can overflow off the screen. Users can reveal the overflow and other options by touching an overflow button that appears alongside the on-screen action buttons.
Action overflow button for legacy apps
If you've already developed an app to support Android 2.3 and lower, then you might have noticed that when it runs on a device without a hardware Menu button (such as a Honeycomb tablet or Galaxy Nexus), the system adds the action overflow button beside the system navigation.
This is a compatibility behavior for legacy apps designed to ensure that apps built to expect a Menu button remain functional. However, this button doesn't provide an ideal user experience. In fact, in apps that don't use an options menu anyway, this action overflow button does nothing and creates user confusion. So you should update your legacy apps to remove the action overflow from the navigation bar when running on Android 3.0+ and begin using the action bar if necessary. You can do so all while remaining backward compatible with the devices your apps currently support.
If your app runs on a device without a dedicated Menu button, the system decides whether to add the action overflow to the navigation bar based on which API levels you declare to support in the <uses-sdk> manifest element. The logic boils down to:
If you set either minSdkVersion or targetSdkVersion to 11 or higher, the system will not add the legacy overflow button.
Otherwise, the system will add the legacy overflow button when running on Android 3.0 or higher.
The only exception is that if you set minSdkVersion to 10 or lower, set targetSdkVersion to 11, 12, or 13, and you do not use ActionBar, the system will add the legacy overflow button when running your app on a handset with Android 4.0 or higher.
That exception might be a bit confusing, but it's based on the belief that if you designed your app to support pre-Honeycomb handsets and Honeycomb tablets, it probably expects handset devices to include a Menu button (but it supports tablets that don't have one).
So, to ensure that the overflow action button never appears beside the system navigation, you should set the targetSdkVersion to 14. (You can leave minSdkVersion at something much lower to continue supporting older devices.)
Migrating to the action bar
If you have activities that use the options menu (they implement onCreateOptionsMenu()), then once the legacy overflow button disappears from the system/navigation bar (because you've set targetSdkVersion to 14), you need to provide an alternative means for the user to access the activity's actions and other options. Fortunately, the system provides such a means by default: the action bar.
Add showAsAction="ifRoom" to the <item> elements representing the activity's most important actions to show them in the action bar when space is available. For help deciding how to prioritize which actions should appear in the action bar, see Android Design's Action Bar guide.
To further provide a consistent user experience in the action bar, we suggest that you use action icons designed by the Android UX Team where appropriate. The available icons support common user actions such as Refresh, Delete, Attach, Star, Share and more, and are designed for the light and dark Holo themes; they're available on the Android Design downloads page.
If these icons don't accommodate your needs and you need to create your own, you should follow the Iconography design guide.
Removing the action bar
If you don't need the action bar, you can remove it from your entire app or from individual activities. This is appropriate for apps that never used the options menu or for apps in which the action bar doesn't meet design needs (such as games). You can remove the action bar using a theme such as Theme.Holo.NoActionBar or Theme.DeviceDefault.NoActionBar .
In order to use such a theme and remain backward compatible, you can use Android's resource system to define different themes for different platform versions, as described by Adam Powell's post, Holo Everywhere. All you need is your own theme, which you define to inherit different platform themes depending on the current platform version.
For example, here's how you can declare a custom theme for your application:
<application android:theme="@style/NoActionBar">
Or you can instead declare the theme for individual <activity> elements.
For pre-Honeycomb devices, include the following theme in res/values/themes.xml that inherits the standard platform theme:
<resources> <style name="NoActionBar" parent="@android:style/Theme"> <!-- Inherits the default theme for pre-HC (no action bar) --> </style> </resources>
For Honeycomb and beyond, include the following theme in res/values-v11/themes.xml that inherits a NoActionBar theme:
<resources> <style name="NoActionBar" parent="@android:style/Theme.Holo.NoActionBar"> <!-- Inherits the Holo theme with no action bar; no other styles needed. --> </style> </resources>
At runtime, the system applies the appropriate version of the NoActionBar theme based on the system's API version.
Summary
Android no longer requires a dedicated Menu button, some devices don't have one, and you should migrate away from using it.
Set targetSdkVersion to 14, then test your app on Android 4.0.
Add showAsAction="ifRoom" to menu items you'd like to surface in the action bar.
If the ActionBar doesn't work for your app, you can remove it with Theme.Holo.NoActionBar or Theme.DeviceDefault.NoActionBar .
Future hydrogen fueling station delivers power or hydrogen
(Nanowerk News) The pilot hydrogen storage and production facility that EPFL has built in Martigny (VS) had a public open house yesterday. It was an opportunity to get a glimpse into the fueling stations of the future.
Fill it up with hydrogen, please!
In just a few years, this request wont be a fictional one. The clean vehicles we occasionally see on the roads will increasingly become the norm.
Presentation video (in French)
Whether theyre electric with lithium batteries or a fuel cell, or burn hydrogen instead of petroleum, these vehicles wil still need, like todays cars, to be regularly refueled. Electric cars still need lengthy periods of time to recharge  several hours on the 230 V grid, says Hubert Girault, director of EPFLs Laboratory of Physical and Analytical Electrochemistry.
One of the avenues being explored in his laboratory is found at the pilot facility in Martigny (VS). It is a device that stores electricity in a mega-flow battery and then releases it as direct current (DC). The mega-flow battery serves as a buffer between how the electricity is produced (by renewables like wind, for example) and its rapid transfer to a vehicle, which could be charged up in just a few tens of minutes. These megabatteries are capable of delivering 500 volts at 300 amps, like Teslas Supercharger stations, explains the professor.
The pilot facility in Martigny is based on a vanadium redox flow battery. Unlike traditional lead or lithium batteries, in which the charge accumulates in electrodes, in this battery the charge accumulates in liquid electrolytes. The power is proportional to the electrodes surface area and the accumulated energy is proportional to the reservoir volume. The technology is intrinsically extremely safe, with no risk of explosion.
These mega-flow batteries, some of which can attain hundreds of megawatts, do have one drawback, however: what do you do when the battery is full, but the windmill providing the electricity still continues to turn?
EPFL has an answer: you store it as hydrogen. This energy-rich gas can be either burned in a combustion engine or used in a fuel cell to produce electricity. In this pilot facility their device combines the two stages of the process, foreshadowing the fuel stations of the future that will be able to provide both direct current (DC) and hydrogen.
EPFLs choice to build the mega-flow battery in Martignys water treatment station, in partnership with the District of Martingy, CREM (Centre de recherches énergétiques et municipales) and the public works (Sinergy), was a deliberate one. In addition to pulling energy from a wind mill project in the region, the facility will also use the hydrogen it produces to completely methanize the biogas generated during the water treatment process. Biogas is a mixture of methane and CO 2 produced by the anaerobic digestion of organic matter; once its methanized it can be used to fuel vehicles that run on natural gas.
The state of Idaho is taking over the operation of its largest prison from one of the nation's biggest corrections contractors, abruptly ending an experiment with privatization at a facility that has reportedly been plagued by understaffing, multiple lawsuits and allegations of contract fraud.
The state plans to begin running the 2,080-bed Idaho Correctional Center, located just outside Boise, over the next several months. Its $29 million-a-year contract with the Corrections Corporation of America (CCA) expires on June 30.
The move to end the contract comes months after a report by The Associated Press raised questions about how the Nashville, Tenn.-based company was staffing the prison, and is part of a larger debate over whether prison privatization works.
Studies have arrived at differing conclusions, focusing on whether privatization saves money and whether the companies do a better job of helping reduce the chances that inmates who are housed in the facilities will go on to commit crimes when they are released.
"In recognition of what's happened, what's happening, it's necessary. It's the right thing to do," Gov. C.L. "Butch" Otter, a longtime proponent of privatization, said of the state taking over the prison.
CCA said that while there were "challenges" at the prison, the company has been and will continue to be responsive to the state's concerns. It said that "despite reported issues, there are overwhelmingly more positive things that have occurred at the facility during our partnership.”
The prison has been the subject of multiple lawsuits alleging rampant violence, understaffing, gang activity and contract fraud, and some of the lawsuits have resulted in federal court orders to improve conditions.
Early last year, an AP investigation examining overtime records and staffing reports from the prison reportedly indicated that some of CCA's reports to the state erroneously showed guards working shifts that were actually left vacant. CCA said last year that there were falsified staffing reports.
In response, the state corrections department asked the Idaho State Police to investigate possible contract fraud.
CCA officials have acknowledged that about 4,800 hours of guard post duties were left unstaffed despite reports showing otherwise, and CCA leaders have promised to cooperate with the investigation and pay the state back for any unverified hours.
Last fall, CCA announced that it would not bid on the next contract to run the prison when its current contract expires.
Private prison contractors over the last several decades have been brought in to run prisons, federal lockups and county-level jails. The number of inmates housed in the facilities grew from 85,500 in 2000 to more than 128,000 in 2012, according to federal statistics.
CCA notes on its website that it operates the fifth-largest corrections system in the country, housing nearly 80,000 inmates at more than 60 facilities. It said that the majority are company-owned complexes, and that it has contracts with the federal government.
The company has contracted with Idaho to run the prison since it was built in 1997 in a rural area where the state has also built several other corrections facilities. The Idaho Correctional Center holds about one-quarter of the state's roughly 8,000 inmates.
Another major private prison corporation, GEO Group, has also informed the state that it will not bid on the contract. That narrows the field of potential private managers dramatically, but the Idaho Board of Correction has continued to weigh whether to keep the prison private.
For years, Gov. Otter has pushed for privatizing certain sectors of government, including prisons.
In 2008, he floated legislation to change state laws to allow private companies to build and operate prisons in Idaho and to import out-of-state inmates. In 2008, he suggested privatizing the 500-bed state-run Idaho Correctional Institution-Orofino.
While he acknowledged his disappointment over the latest privatization ending, Otter said, "you will see ... I'm asking the Board (of Correction) to also engage in listing those non-custodial duties at the prison that could be privatized, such as food, education and outreach.”
The Associated Press
NEAR SKYWAY, Wash. - A two-alarm fire destroyed a home near Skyway Friday night.
Firefighters from multiple agencies were called to the home off Beacon Coal Mine Road, near Monster road about 10:30 p.m.
Crews said when they arrived, the home was 70 to 80 percent engulfed in flames.
Video from the King County Sheriff's Office Guardian One helicopter showed a massive ball of fire.
Crews said one of the walls of the homes collapsed, so they moved into a defensive mode. It took more than two-dozen firefighters over an hour to get the fire fully contained.
They said one firefighter has an ankle injury, but is expected to be ok.
The home is a total loss, but firefighters were able to protect a nearby warehouse.
Investigators said they're not sure if anyone was inside the home at the time.
No word yet on what may have caused the fire.
To install this update, please start your game and use the “Updates” tab in your Launcher.
This game update includes the following changes:
Launcher Updates
The Launcher will now show the Base Game version number instead of the highest installed expansion or stuff pack.
Base Game Updates
Added a new spiral staircase object.
Added a new ladder object.
Added a new modular arch object.
Added a set of new Stilted Foundation objects.
Lots can now be partially placed on water.
Holding down the Alt key while dragging out a foundation will now make a single step height foundation.
Sims can now purchase additional homes using the Real Estate system.
Sims can now move to a new Town using the Phone or Computer.
New Pool Blueprints have been added.
Players will now have more control positioning their lot when importing a lot from the bin to a larger empty lot.
Ambition Updates
Fixed a crash that occurs when selling a Sculpting Station and sculpture then clicking the Undo button.
Makeover Room UI for the Stylist Profession now shows the correct text for non-English territories.
Showtime Updates
Games that are saved when paused will now correctly load paused.
Online In game messages now have headers to explain who the comment came from and where it was directed.
Supernatural Updates
Sims will no longer freeze when trying to Awaken Bonehilda on Bonehilda's Coffin.
The Durasoft Rocking Chair now has correct functionality in Aurora Skies regardless of The Sims 3: Supernatural installation.
University Life Updates
Sims can now ask their romantic interests to be roommates.
The ‘Invite to be Roommate' social is now appropriately available only with The Sims 3: University Life installed.
PlantSims downloaded from the exchange can now use their powers and have the appropriate needs.
Love letters received at University are no longer converted into unusable bills when returning to home world.
Skill gain speeds influenced by the Increased Understanding moodlet have been corrected and are no longer ‘insanely fast'.
Photos taken from the smartphone while at University are now moved to the inventory upon returning to the home world.
The Murphy Bed has been made less lethal.
Sims in the Sports Agent career can now Negotiate Contracts without receiving any errors.
Sims invited to graduation are no longer duplicated in the relationship panel.
Roommates in the home world have been motivated and will now autonomously leave the house and go to work.
Teens who have maximum influence with a social group will now get the appropriate career opportunity when they age up.
Sims that skip class activities or lecture halls will no longer have their needs frozen.
Children can no longer gain influence with social groups.
Fixed a crash that would occur when installing store content while audio is playing.
The ‘Keep Me Logged In' feature on the launcher has been fixed to work with the latest patch.
The Art Appraiser and Sports Agent careers are no longer available through cheats without The Sims 3: University Life installed.
Sims selecting the Education Career will now start at a higher career level if they have completed a degree from The Sims 3: University Life.
Having a PlantSim in a household and then uninstalling The Sims 3: University Life will no longer cause some PlantSim features to remain.
Care Packages will now correctly show up in the gifting tabs.
All Sims attending a protest in a group now have access to Podium interactions and will all receive the appropriate moodlet when the Protest finishes.
The Social Networking Skill statistic: ‘Total Simoleans Earned from Blog Donations and Buyouts' now updates correctly in the Skill Journal.
When a Sim is en route to class in the University world, the corresponding tooltip now appropriately describes where they are going.
Selling a Bowling Lane from the Family Inventory and then clicking the Undo button will now correctly remove the Bowling Lane object from the world.
The wish “Play Sports at the Stadium” wish now fulfills correctly.
Sims in the University world will no longer get the wish “Talk About new Job”.
70s, 80s, & 90s Stuff
80's prom dress now appears under formal wear
Store Updates
Users who have a large amount of Store content installed will no longer experience their content disappearing from the launcher
Store Sets can now be purchased on the Main Menu.
BRANDON, Mississippi --Gun owners and hunters will get a tax break this weekend as Mississippi's new "Second Amendment Sales Tax Holiday" takes effect Sept. 5-7.
Lt. Gov. Tate Reeves touted the tax holiday during a visit to Van's Sporting Goods in Brandon Wednesday.
"With dove season underway and deer season less than a month away, this weekend is a great time to take advantage of this tax break," Reeves said. "Mississippians love to hunt, and this sales tax holiday makes it a little less expensive to enjoy the outdoors.
"I'm thankful for the support of the National Rifle Association on this effort and many other strong Second Amendment protections we've recently passed."
The three-day sales tax holiday applies to a wide range of weapons, ammunition and hunting gear, including archery equipment. The Mississippi initiative is similar to one in Louisiana.
The sales tax holiday arrives two months before Mississippi voters head to the polls to consider whether hunting and fishing should be guaranteed rights under the state constitution. Reeves supports the amendment.
The Second Amendment Sales Tax Holiday was passed in the 2014 session under Senate Bill 2425, which was authored by Sen. Philip Moran, R-Kiln.
Click here for a full list of items eligible for the sales tax exemption.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Microsoft has not explained how the private keys were mistakenly disclosed
Encryption keys that secure Xbox Live accounts have been "inadvertently disclosed", Microsoft has said.
The keys in question are designed to be kept private so they can guarantee the authenticity of a digital certificate, invoked when users connect to xboxlive.com.
Since the keys have been leaked, connections may not be secure.
It is not clear how the disclosure happened, but Microsoft has since updated its certificates.
The leak means a hacker could intercept data transmitted between a user and Microsoft's servers by impersonating the xboxlive.com domain name.
"The certificate could be used in attempts to perform man-in-the-middle attacks," said the company, in an advisory note about the problem.
"This issue affects all supported releases of Microsoft Windows.
"Microsoft is not currently aware of attacks related to this issue."
Updates arrive
The company has recommended users install all recommended updates for Windows, which will update lists of trusted certificates on users' systems.
"The advisory that talks about it says the key was revoked after December 1st," Tod Beardsley, security research manager at security firm Rapid7 told the BBC.
"That wasn't the fix, the fix is pushing down to the certificate trust authority that says don't trust this after December 1st - but you only got that yesterday which is a week late."
But Mr Beardsley added things could easily have been worse.
"The fact that they do it at all is great. There have been cases where keys have been disclosed for months and months and nobody noticed," he said.
Josh Goldfarb, chief technology officer at security company FireEye, also advised users to install the latest updates.
"This type of disclosure can prove attractive to attackers looking to fool or trick users into giving over private or sensitive information," he said.
"Although there is potential for abuse here, the risk is relatively easy to remediate by updating the list of trusted certificates."
By JAMES RISEN
Requires Adobe Acrobat
he Central Intelligence Agency's secret history of its covert operation to overthrow Iran's government in 1953 offers an inside look at how the agency stumbled into success, despite a series of mishaps that derailed its original plans. Written in 1954 by one of the coup's chief planners, the history details how United States and British officials plotted the military coup that returned the shah of Iran to power and toppled Iran's elected prime minister, an ardent nationalist. The document shows that: Britain, fearful of Iran's plans to nationalize its oil industry, came up with the idea for the coup in 1952 and pressed the United States to mount a joint operation to remove the prime minister. The C.I.A. and S.I.S., the British intelligence service, handpicked Gen. Fazlollah Zahedi to succeed Prime Minister Mohammed Mossadegh and covertly funneled $5 million to General Zahedi's regime two days after the coup prevailed. Iranians working for the C.I.A. and posing as Communists harassed religious leaders and staged the bombing of one cleric's home in a campaign to turn the country's Islamic religious community against Mossadegh's government. The shah's cowardice nearly killed the C.I.A. operation. Fearful of risking his throne, the Shah repeatedly refused to sign C.I.A.-written royal decrees to change the government. The agency arranged for the shah's twin sister, Princess Ashraf Pahlevi, and Gen. H. Norman Schwarzkopf, the father of the Desert Storm commander, to act as intermediaries to try to keep him from wilting under pressure. He still fled the country just before the coup succeeded.
In a lifetime (or lifetimes, for those with round-trip tickets) of consecutive and continuous years, days, hours and minutes, it's sometimes difficult to keep track of everything we're doing, let alone everything we did. And if we are in fact the sum of our experiences, then without our memories, we wouldn't add up to all that much. Yet as the years roll on and three-to-five days of class evolves into five-to-seven days of work and all the weeks start blending into one long month, even memories start melding into sameness due to the inescapable passage of time ("time" being a Swiss-born conspiracy to make the world dependent on its “more efficient” timepieces, but that's a story for another... time). Yet there's one thing everyone remembers, no matter how much water flows under that infernal bridge, no matter how good, bad, great or late it was… everyone remembers the first time. Your first memory, first kiss, first sandwich at Langer's, the first time you realized television sucked, and of course, your first Phish show. And there's one song, regardless of how many times it's played… it always feels like the first time (rest assured this has nothing to do with Lou Gramm or Foreigner)… Give me an “R”… an “E,” and a “B” and an “A”! What's that spell? (If you're struggling, spend a few more hours with your kids' Baby Einstein toys and we'll pick up the lesson tomorrow).
“Reba” is more than your average, everyday song about a capitalistic moon-shiner's questionable relationship with the local meat proprietor, nor is it your hermitic ex-hippie Grandmother's recipe from the Merry Prankster's Cookbook for organic non-hypoallergenic bathtub gin -- “Reba” is a feeling, a groove… Call it a meditation, call it a state of mind -- “Reba” by any other name would undoubtedly smell as sweet. Ask any number of fans from just about anywhere, and they'll tell you “Reba” simply *is* Phish. The song's whimsical lyrics, unpredictable changes and soaring end-jam embody everything magical and alluring about the band's music. It's the kind of song that busts you out of those dimensionally bound blues -- never really knowing what universal secrets it's going to unlock (or so it's been said).
“Reba's” mind-boggling four-part structure, written by one Ernest J. Anastasio III in a decade lovingly known as the eighties, came as a direct result of time spent under the tutelage of his mentor, composer Ernie Stires. It's one of the most complex and challenging pieces in the band's repertoire, and it required several years of polish before Ginger-locks and the 3 shaggy bears declared it ‘just right'. Trey wrote “Reba” as an exercise to create a cohesive piece of music that never repeats itself and never develops, and the result was the aforementioned musical offering. It's been said that “Reba's” numerous time changes and breaks also presented Phish ‘Fifth Beatle', lighting director Chris Kuroda, with one of his most amusing challenges.
The first melodic piece (after the bouncing introductory notes) features stick-in-your-head, sing-along lyrics, then ascends smoothly into an intricately composed instrumental section that glides up, down and across the scales like the Road-Runner chasing Wile E. Coyote across purple-stained desert highways in a Looney Tunes cartoon gone horribly awry. It's the way the band plays over these changes, separately yet entirely together, shifting in and out of the fugue-like structure that's been known to drive fans into a manic frenzy. And while the terms “fugue” or “fugue-like” are often used to describe certain Phish songs, they're rarely defined, so let's drop some Webster's wisdom… The word, “fugue” refers to a composition in which themes stated successively by a number of voices (and/or instruments) are developed in counterpoint to one another. Or to put it more simply... “Reba”. That-said, years-long discussions still rage on as to whether “Reba” and a few other tunes are fugues in the truest sense of the term, or merely “fugue-like”. The disjointed lyrics of “Reba” at their surface relate the recipe for a mysterious potion of toxic waste, coconuts, hooves and an assortment of other odd ingredients as they're brewed up in a motel bathroom for a wicked creation that promises to be “the finest in the nation.”
Not surprisingly, deeper, exploratory interpretations of "Reba's" lyrics abound. Some have speculated about a connection to the word “ryba,” which means “fish” in some eastern European languages, while in Hebrew, it translates into the word “jam” (the kind of jam that goes well with toast). Others see “Reba” as part mad scientist, part entrepreneur, while yet another view is of “Reba” as an innocent little girl whose parents give her a little too much leash. And when “Reba” dips a ladle for a taste of her creation... the remainder of the composition has even been described as the consequence of that fateful sip, as her spirit (the ending jam) begins a patient and slow resurrection leading to it's triumphant climax… “Reba” reborn. Of course, that's just one fan's opinion (...or is it everyone's opinion but yours?). “Reba” also has the honor and distinction of being a favorite name for tour-head puppies (along with "Tela," "Esther" and "Harpua").
The middle of this epic composition has been quoted as one of the most difficult passages Phish performs. The melody soars up and down at breakneck pace as the band blazes from one side of bliss to the other, tearing their way through starts and stops which ultimately coalesce into a smashing crescendo that launches into the ethereal, improvised jam where some fans claim to have “seen God.” The jam builds and builds until the anticipation of that one note, that glistening light, finally shatters through the darkness and into existence. The final section, a wordless whistling of the first verse, wraps it all up neatly with a chorus reprise, then makes an exit on a characteristically and wonderfully idiosyncratic note. And while many songs (as well as creative additives) can bring about epiphanies and inspiration, “Reba” is one song that, be it through smiles or tears, always has the power to melt away whatever weighs you down.
When “Reba” made its first complete appearance in on 10/1/89 ("Reba" was teased during the intro to "Bowie" on 9/9/89), the song contained a now-defunct instrumental bridge between the lyric and composed sections, consisting of a bluesy riff and a longer “Bag it, tag it” chant. That same instrumental piece later evolved into “Don't Get Me Wrong,” with lyrics penned by the Marvin Hamlisch of Harmonica himself, John Popper. “Don't Get Me Wrong” was only played three times in 1990, each time with Popper on stage (10/6/90, 10/8/90 and 12/28/90 if you want to hear all three). The jamming portion of the song (a prime example of the tension and release concept) remained relatively straightforward for the first few years of its existence, although in December of 1992 they twice sandwiched “I Walk the Line” byJohnny Cash between the end of the jam and the whistling section.
The whistling jam, despite conflicting reports, has been a part of the tune since its debut. It wasn't until 1992 that the band chose instead to end the song after the improvised jam (11/30/92 specifically). Over the years though – increasingly from 1994 through 1996 – the whistling reprise has become more sporadic and can sometimes end up on the cutting room floor for the sake of a segue into another tune. The speed at which the first half of the song is played also varies from time to time, ranging from slower, laid-back grooves to blistering streams of light and sound exploding from the stage. Over the years, the atmospheric jam has also benefited from the evolutionary process, constantly transcending to even greater dimensional planes, continuously mystifying listeners new and old.
The next quantum leap took place in the winter of 1993. On 2/20/93 an astounding, mind-bending “Reba” helped to spark one of the most memorable sets in Phishtory (if you own it, you cherish it; if you don't, you will). The song essentially remained a Type-I jam until August of 1993 (both 8/12/93 and 8/16/93 are worthy of your attention) while the Flynn Theatre, (4/4/94), also featured an unusual Type-II version. The jam took interesting twists and turns throughout the year, especially as summer tour wound down in July. Memorable versions from this era include 7/3/94 at Old Orchard Beach (featuring a “Somewhere Over the Rainbow” jam), 7/6/94 in Montreal, 7/8/94 at Great Woods and 7/15/94 at Jones Beach.
Then came a little thing call fall tour ‘94, and “Reba” sailed its way into the eye of some rather epic hurricanes (musically vs. climatologically speaking). One of the more notable versions of “Reba” (Type-II) appeared on the 10/18/94 in Nashville amidst an atmospheric jam that hints at the Dead's “Eyes of the World.” Another magnificent feast of “Reba”-like proportions waiting to be devoured, can be found in Set I of the Glens Falls Halloween show (10/31/94), only hours before they (royally speaking) turned the White Album into a glistening rainbow of color.
“Reba” usually pops up somewhere in the middle of either set, but makes once in a blue-moon appearances as the opening tune as well (seek out 7/22/92, 7/6/00 and 6/19/04 for the last few times “Reba” jump-started the first set). Two other notable placements of the song occurred on 12/30/98 when it closed the behemoth first set and on 9/21/99 when it was played as the first tune in a two-song encore. Before those two nights, “Reba” had not yet closed a set and was only encored twice before. What's all the more intriguing about those two uniquely placed “Reba's,” is that they were both played at the request of the same lucky fan.
There are so many versions of “Reba” worthy of consumption, that to list and analyze them all would fill up a book unto itself. That said, the consensus as to the best “Reba” of all time is still credited to the show in Lowell, MA on 5/16/95 (words cannot describe, just get it!). Some other pre-hiatus “Reba's” that you shouldn't miss are 4/17/92, 5/28/94 (without the whistle finale), 10/21/95 (people swear by it), 12/31/95 (botched composed section but an awe-inspiring jam), 8/14/96 (fans were apparently sighted hovering above the field), 8/17/96 at the Clifford Ball, 8/15/98 (Lemonwheel doesn't get much sweeter), 7/13/99 (when it provided an interesting transition into ‘Carini'), and of course on 12/31/99, when the boys played it flawlessly, despite already being three to four hours into The Show (the song started at approximately 3:41 a.m. and lasted until about 3:56 a.m.).
Then during JazzFest 2000, somewhere amidst the crawfish tails and Abita beer, “Reba” (or a portion of it, anyway) reared it's head in the middle of the now legendary Oysterhead show (5/4/00)… and she never knew what hit her. Venture if you dare, fair listener, to the end of “Jerry was a Race Car Driver,” when Les Claypool starts singing the “Bag it-tag it” chorus (with a few improvised lyrics) and Trey, quite simply, goes sonic. A few instances of “Reba” were scattered throughout the remaining months of 2000 (delve into 6/16/00, 7/6/00 or 9/14/00 if ye be so inclined), and made its last pre-hiatus appearance on 10/4/00 to the cheering masses in Chula Vista.
When the band left the stage in October of 2000, the fate of “Reba” (as well as the band's) hung precariously in the balance, blowing idly in the wind for the next two and half years… But one fateful night in the City of Sin (2/15/03 for the fact checkers), the band decided to put their chocolate back into the Las Vegas peanut butter… and the two great tastes tasted so great together, they decided to call it “Reba.” Since its celebrated return to the light, “Reba” has been steadily climbing the charts despite Casey Kasem's greatest efforts (don't be a fool and miss 7/19/03 or the “Reba” from “IT” on 8/2/03). And is there a much better way to close out any year, than a third set “Reba”? Well, it all depends on who you ask (some called it “bombastic and brilliant,” while others just called it a bomb) -- feel free to answer that question yourself when you download 12/31/03, slide into a pair of headphones (preferably Dad's from 1978) and let the music do the talking.
Safe to say, everyone's smiles were wider than Kansas when "Reba" made its triumphant return to the Phish repertoire in Hampton (3/7/09) and continued to appear through the summer – seek out 6/2/09 from Jones Beach or 8/2/09 from Red Rocks if you need a moment to check your head. "Reba" made steady appearances throughout 2009 and 2010, but the one version that truly stands out comes from Augusta, Maine on 10/19/10. After a memorable second set, "Reba" made only it's fourth appearance in the encore slot (the first in 231 shows). And this ethereal sixteen-minute masterpiece (replete with "Manteca" teases) is not only a snapshot of the band at their current peak... it's a force to be reckoned with.
NEW YORK, NY - FEBRUARY 18: Immigrants prepare to fill out forms for Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA), at a workshop on February 18, 2015 in New York City. The immigrant advocacy group Makes the Road New York holds weekly workshops to help immigrants get legal status under DACA to work in the United States. An expansion of the national program, scheduled for this week, was frozen by a ruling from a Texas federal judge. The Obama Administration plans to appeal the ruling and, if sussessful, DACA would allow legalization of up to two million immigrants who entered the United States before they were age 16. (Photo by John Moore/Getty Images)
The states that are suing the Obama administration to block the implementation of ambitious plans to shield millions of undocumented immigrants from deportation stand to gain economically if the plans move forward, according to an analysis published Monday by the Center for American Progress.
The administration has twice implemented major "deferred action" programs, which exempt qualified undocumented immigrants from deportation for a defined, renewable period -- usually two to three years. Those who qualify also receive work authorization. Monday marks the third anniversary of the first of those programs, Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA, which applies to immigrants who arrived illegally as minors.
While DACA has been implemented, a second, farther-reaching program announced in November called Deferred Action for Parents of Americans was enjoined following a lawsuit. Courts are now assessing the president's constitutional authority to create the program without Congress. An injunction also halted an expansion of DACA, announced in November. That expansion would provide deportation relief to as many as an estimated 4.4 million people.
Texas, which is leading a coalition of 26 states to block the implementation of DAPA and the expansion of DACA, would see the second-largest economic growth if the programs were implemented, according to the report. With 746,000 people potentially eligible for the programs, the progressive group estimated that Texas' state GDP could grow by $38.3 billion over a decade. The analysis also found that Texas would gain 4,800 jobs per year if all the deferred action programs were implemented.
Courtesy of the Center for American Progress.
Those figures are higher than any state except California, which did not join the lawsuit. California, where the country's largest undocumented population resides, would see a $75.8 billion bump to its GDP over the next decade if the changes were allowed to move forward, the report says. It would also see 9,500 new jobs created annually.
“It's very straightforward,” Silva Mathema, a policy analyst at the Center for American Progress, told The Huffington Post. “Temporary work permits mean that wages for undocumented immigrants will go up -- our estimate is by about 8.5 percent on average. ... Having more wages means they'll have more income to spend on basically everything, from cars to clothes to everything else, because they are consumers as well. It will create jobs for everyone in the state.”
The data breakdown found gains for all 37 states measured, along with the District of Columbia. The Center for American Progress estimates that unimpeded deferred action would boost the GDP of the country as a whole by $230 billion over the next 10 years, as wages for undocumented immigrants rise.
“Deferred action produces much-needed economic benefits for our states,” Mathema added. “People will be allowed to contribute even more than they do right now.”
The lawsuit against DAPA and the expansion of DACA argues that President Barack Obama overstepped his constitutional authority by using executive action to move the plan forward in the face of congressional inaction.
Editor's note: On Tuesday, September 12, 2017 at 9:30 am the PaTRAM Institute singers Choir, conducted by Maestro Peter Jermihov, will sing an original all-English Liturgy based on the Russian style, commissioned by the PaTRAM Institute and composed by Dr. Kurt Sander, at St. Alexander Nevsky Diocesan Cathedral in Howell, NJ.
We have asked Dr. Sander to describe for us his experience composing this exciting new work. Here are his thoughts, followed by the official flyer announcing the service at which the piece will be premiered. Our readers are encouraged to attend.
During the eight months it took to complete the work, I can say that the whole process reinforced two important principles in my mind regarding Orthodox sacred music. The first is that language is indeed the primordial substance of worship. Words are the vehicles for prayer and words are powerful things on an intellectual level. Yet, how we speak a particular word in a particular language is also important. It influences how we sing it, and how we sing it, in turn, influences how we understand it. So, not only do we have a semantic understanding of a word or phrase, but we also have a phonological or “musical” understanding as well. One might say that in the writing of this Liturgy, I rediscovered my appreciation for the aesthetic qualities of the English language as a language of prayer, and its ability to convey through sound rich theological ideas with clarity and economy. While it is not an easy language for singers, it is a wonderful language for composers. Working from the English text felt very natural, and as someone who has done his fair share of English adaptation of pre-existing Slavonic works, this process felt both organic and liberating.
The second principle is this – I have come to better understand the Liturgy not as a sequence of textual events that unfold over time, but more as an artistic whole that expresses the entirety of the Christian experience – the great and literal sacrifice that we come to understand as the essence of the Liturgy. How to maintain such unity was initially a great concern of mine. I contemplated how I could take a collection of texts, some long, some short, and cultivate musically the kind of timeless experience that the Liturgy demands. I initially thought of some of the great sacred works of the past, specifically how composers like Bach, Haydn, Schubert and Verdi have fused the five movements of the Western Mass into a single composition. But in many ways the Liturgy is fundamentally different from the Mass, especially if one is thinking about the tradition of past musical models. In the Mass, the sectionalized nature of the five movements of the Ordinary almost bring a symphonic quality to the composition. After centuries of writing and thousands of settings, the character of each movement has been relatively established, and the overall understanding of the Mass as a musical statement tends to be fairly ingrained in the listener at this point in time.
This is not true of the Liturgy. While there are some historical models given to us by Rachmaninoff, Tchaikovsky, and Gretchaninoff, the Divine Liturgy as a compositional genre does not emulate the status of the Mass in the western world. This is likely the result of a number of factors which are better articulated by a musicologist. However, from a composer's point of view, I believe some of the reasoning behind this is that the liturgy does not immediately present itself as a neatly-packaged artistic form. Rather, it is a mosaic of large and small portions of text that are woven into single seamless experience. If I were to approach the work from the starting point that there are a certain number of “important” movements which act as cornerstones for the rest of the Liturgy, I do believe that something important would be lost. It requires a very different kind of compositional premise that demands attention to the little things.
In the process of writing, I slowly began to realize that what many would call the minor parts of the Liturgy (the litanies, the responses, the short, one-sentence choral utterances) are actually the fibers that hold the work together. When larger musical ideas present themselves, it is these brief moments of prayer and introspection that refocus the worshipper to God's mercy. If you think about the words, “Lord, have mercy,” you have to come to the realization that it is one of our shortest, but most powerful prayers. We are in need of mercy – for us, for our salvation, for others, and for our Church leaders. Our relationship to God is all about His mercy to us, and this is why the Church has us repeat it so often over the course of the Liturgy. So, knowing the importance of these petitions, I found that I could maintain the sense of liturgical unity by thematically integrating each litany into the fabric of the score. There are distinctive thematic elements in some of the larger portions of music that come back in various ways through the petitions of the litanies. Sometimes, they manifest themselves in a spirit of joy; other times, they sound through a more penitential tone. In each case, however, one hears the same musical material return as a musical symbol of God's eternal presence in our lives.
Dr. Kurt Sander
To view the full announcement, click here.
In 1914, the Smith-Lever Act, building on the land-grant university philosophy first put into action by the Morrill Act during the Civil War, established the agricultural extension service to bring the farm and husbandry science being taught in the land-grant schools out literally into the field so as to enhance the general welfare of the nation's farmers—and by, ahem, extension, the nation itself. Everybody in all the small farming towns knew where the extension office was, and they knew the person who was running it. The "county agents" generally were respected figures whose advice on farming matters eventually became gospel.
Naturally, at the turn of the last century, this approach was particularly popular in Wisconsin, where it became part of The Wisconsin Idea, the progressive philosophy developed at the University of Wisconsin that the work of the state university should inform the best operations of the state and its government. Just as naturally, the administration of Scott Walker, the goggle-eyed homunculus hired by Koch Industries to manage their Midwest subsidiary formerly known as the state of Wisconsin, has arranged its budgetary matters to ensure that the extension service is gutted.
The news hit hard. Downcast eyes, people with hands over their mouth, and long pauses after Julie asked the group for questions. Julie explained how budget cuts forced UW Extension administrators to rethink their commitment to 100 years of county-based services. In Extension, Wisconsin has a valuable partnership between the UW System and local counties. Under the "Multicounty Reorganization Plan," new Extension regions would be created. Many staff members would move or lose their jobs. Forty open positions would not be filled and another 40 would be cut. Some staff members may remain local but a lot seemed to depend on the ability of counties to pay for lost state funding…Most of us take for granted services that have existed for a century. Few realized deep cuts to the UW System could mean no local staff person to help organize 4-H clubs or provide support for county fairs—so much a staple of Wisconsin rural life. Julie told the crowd, "People didn't know Extension was connected to the UW." She added, "If anything, this budget has taught us that people's first entry into the UW System is a (county) fair or 4-H." Cuts to the UW System are deep. Majority lawmakers voted last summer to make $250 million in cuts to the UW System's base budget. Cuts came on top of tuition freezes and many prior losses of state support. Every UW campus is struggling with fewer staff, programs and money for maintenance and facilities.
Ever since we opened this shebeen along the docks of Blogistan in 2011, we have concentrated heavily on the doings in Wisconsin, and not simply because I spent five very enjoyable years of my life there. Even before Kansas, Wisconsin was the lab rat for an assault on the political commons on behalf of the modern oligarchs. If they could do it in Wisconsin, the theory went, they could do it anywhere. And so they did. And they have. You can see it in what Senator Vineout writes above: the people didn't know that the extension service "was connected to UW." Why in god's name not, and in Wisconsin, especially? If you want to see the extent to which the people of a state can be alienated from both their own political history, and their own best political interests, it's right there in a single sentence.
For some in the Menomonie audience, cuts to the UW System had seemed distant — until they realized this could mean an end to 4-H as we know it now. I talked with local residents after the meeting. A Menomonie schoolteacher who asked about youth being a part of the decision-making told me, "I'm tired of going to meetings that feel like wakes." One supervisor summed up things best. "We're just not investing our resources in the right places. The general public is not paying attention. They don't realize what's happening until it touches them." As I left, I admired the youth art hanging in the halls. I walked past a conference room bustling with noisy, happy adolescent girls working together. The sign on the door said "4-H Horse Project Meeting."I wondered if any of the girls or their parents knew of the meeting I attended about cuts affecting a program about which they are passionate. If they had the opportunity to choose a budget priority, would they have chosen differently?
It is perhaps unfair to the good people of Menomonie to point this out, but due diligence requires us to note that, in 2010, the town voted 52-46 in favor of Scott Walker; that, in 2012, it voted 51-49 percent not to recall Scott Walker, and that, in 2014, it voted to re-elect Scott Walker by 52-48 percent. Remember, this is the same administration that wanted to eliminate the phrase, "The Wisconsin Idea," from government documents entirely. If they could figure out a way to do it, they'd dig up Fightin' Bob LaFollette and burn his corpse on the Capitol lawn. Voting is very important. Knowing what you're voting for is even more vital.
In movie screenwriting, the term “save the cat” has become shorthand to describe an action the main character performs to as a way to appear likable for the audience.
The phrase—popularized in screenwriter Blake Snyder's aptly titled 2005 how-to book Save the Cat: The Last Book on Screenwriting You'll Ever Need—has its origins in 1979's Alien when Ripley (Sigourney Weaver) comes to rescue of the spaceship's feline, Jones.
Jonesy should feel pretty lucky, though. Using the website DoesTheDogDie, which tallies whether an animal in a film is hurt or killed, Reddit user mu_Bru created a graph outlining the instances of pet peril by genre in more than 2,500 movies and posted the findings in the Data Is Beautiful community.
So what type of movie has the highest big screen animal mortality rate? Unsurprisingly, horror films earn that distinction with 57 percent of the pets (fictionally) dying, according to mu_Bru's chart. From the glass-half-full perspective, it appears that the creatures didn't suffer: While scary movies rack up the carcasses, the percentage of animals injured onscreen is fairly low at 7.1 percent.
Your safest bet when it comes to avoiding movies with violence toward pets is to stick to romantic flicks. That category had the highest survival percentage, as well as low death and injury numbers.
Interestingly, the chart might be indicating that screenwriters are taking the “save the cat” story beat seriously when writing scripts for family and animated films. Instances of a dog, cat, or other animal being injured are among the highest in these genres. But these cases of harm rarely have terminal consequences in those films, which could mean someone is coming to their rescue.
Maybe that's the animal actor's code: Any scene you can walk—or swim, in the case of this waterfall drop from the controversial children's classic Milo and Otis—is a good one.
PORTLAND, Maine (NEWS CENTER) -- “Gender identity is who is a one identifies them self as that can be different from their sexual orientation, it could be different from how they express their gender,” explains Dr. Jerry Olshan, Pediatric Endocrinologist at the Barbara Bush Children's Hospital at Maine Medical Center in Portland.
RELATED STORY: What it means to be Transgender: A 12 yr-old's journey
Olshan opened The Gender Clinic in 2010 after working with several young patients who appeared to improve greatly from the positive re-enforcement the clinic provided them.
“I had about four patients myself, about 10 years ago and we have over 160 children that we're following now.”
Olshan says if doctors use gender-affirming approaches, as they have been doing in Europe for years, the outcome for a trans child greatly improves.
“Say, for example, that a child appears to have gender questioning in childhood around 8 or 9 years of age, is affirmed by the family, by the school that their gender identity is different than their natal sex, that no one's pushing them one way or another but you try to be neutral, you accept that.”
Olshan's team consists of doctors, child psychiatrists and social workers. They all meet with the whole new group of pediatric patients who call themselves, among other titles, transgender, questioning gender, non-binary, gender fluid, gender queer.
Dr. Olshan Jerry Olshan, Pediatric Endocrinologist at the Barbara Bush Children's Hospital at Maine Medical Center in Portland. Olshan opened The Gender Clinic in 2010 after working with several young patients who appeared to improve greatly from the positive re-enforcement the clinic provided them. In the January 2016 issue of Scientific American, they reported trans people have brains that “are different from males and females, a unique kind of brain.” In the January 2016 issue of Scientific American, they reported trans people have brains that “are different from males and females, a unique kind of brain.”
According to the dictionary, gender is not sex. Gender is how someone identifies, someone who doesn't feel comfortable with the sex they were born and chooses to identify as the other is known as transgender.
RELATED STORY: First transgender student, teacher at PEA shares his journey
Olshan calls his work “absolutely a new frontier.” His patients, children and young adolescents he says “probably had this imagination, this thought, this hope that when they developed they're gonna develop as the gender that they see themselves and then all the sudden they develop in the wrong gender, which is often traumatic.”
Patients often refer to this as feeling trapped in the wrong body, in a box they can't get escape. The trauma often leads to gender dysphoria, a condition of feeling one's emotional and psychological identity as male or female to be opposite to one's biological sex.
For example, Olshan uses the case of some of his young male patients.
“They're acting like a girl, they want to dance, they're doing princess things their friends are girls. They start having male pubertal changes, they freak out, it's horrible, they don't believe it, they won't talk about anything below their waist.”
Olshan says there are many models in both medicine and in human biology where doctors view this as likely being a biological process. The explanation of ‘how' and ‘when' a person becomes trans is complicated. Dr. Olshan and other gender experts believe it begins ‘in utero', as the baby is growing inside its mother's womb.
Olshan goes to the white board in a patient room, picks up a red pen and explains through a series of drawings. “This baby is XY so it has the Y chromosome which we typically think would lead to a male infant, and let's say that there's some abnormality that happens during pregnancy.”
There are many, Olshan included, who believe the physical markings for trans also appear in the brain. Olshan says there's “some good evidence in biology that clearly there's something about the brain that has some male tendencies and female tendencies.”
He explains, ““In fact, if you look at adult brains and, there are studies in the last five years where they show how the connections between front and back and across are different on average in men and women. Men tend to have more connections front back, women tend to have more connections across, which may argue to different types of intuition and all the different stereotypes you might want to associate with being male or being female.”
In essence, he says one can rationalize sex by the anatomy of the brain, and so too male and female preferences.
In the January 2016 issue of Scientific American, they reported trans people have brains that “are different from males and females, a unique kind of brain.” S.A. reported that studies, using an MRI to examine the brains from test groups of male to female and female to male trans patients before and after treatment with cross sex hormones. According to the published article, results showed “that even before treatment the brain structures of the trans people were more similar in some respects to the brains of their experienced gender than those of their natal gender”.
“The most common age is before five years of age for all those patients that they identify that they were quoted gender dysphoric or transgender as children.”
By five, often certainly as early as two or three, trans children begin expressing their “other” selves. They wear clothing associated with the opposite sex, and proclaim out loud they are not a ‘he' but a ‘she', or not a ‘she' but a ‘he'.
“I would say, understand, rarely are these choices that people are making any more than someone chooses to have diabetes or chooses to be hypo-thyroid someone chooses to be gay or transgender. These are not choices that most people would choose to make since rarely do they make life easier,” Dr. Olshan insists.
In fact, the path for a person to make a transition from one sex to another can be a difficult physical journey, beginning for children just as their bodies naturally begin to change: puberty blocking drugs and then at 16, cross sex steroids, estrogen and testosterone to help them develop the gender they identify as.
At 18, a transgender patient can decide whether to have expensive gender re-assignment surgery. The projected cost for it ranges wildly from one $7,000 estimate to another that puts the cost at over $100,000.
Dr. Olshan says there are difficult ethical and medical issues associated with transgender. He says medical professionals like himself are trying to do the right thing.
Olshan says he has heard criticism and questions like, “is this just a fad?” “If God wanted him to be a girl, God would have made him a girl.” “Why are we allowing children to make this decision? Won't they outgrow it?”
“We know if you do nothing in these children,...their incidence of fatal outcomes from suicide, suicidality, homicide, etcetera is markedly increased over the general population, so to say to do nothing is risk free, is absolutely not true.”
TRANSGENDER HELP HOTLINES:
GLBT National Help Center Hotline: 1-888-843-4564
GLBT National Help Center Hotline (Youth): 1-800-246-7743
The Trevor Project (Crisis intervention for LGBTQ youth): 1-866-488-7386
Trans Lifeline: (877) 565-8860
Olshan says he understands why people would ask questions and why there is controversy and push back.
“I can't disagree whole heartedly with the concerns by some that anytime there's an evolution in how we as a society are accepting of something or not accepting I think there are extremes.”
Olshan says the key is education. He hopes communities will begin to better understand where trans people are coming from through education.
“And more often than not I think it's ignorance rather than the desire to be nasty, or mean or whatever. I think there's a lot of ignorance; part of it being the fact that many people think this is a choice that people make. “
Olshan stops talking, looks down and up again saying emphatically, “This isn't a choice that people can make.”
Before he leaves the small pediatric patient room in which we've conducted our interview, Dr. Olshan shares that what he does is difficult, but the most important work he could hope to do.
“I'm saving lives. It is amazing to see some of the times you can go from this incredibly life threatening situation to happiness and joy.”
RELATED: What it means to be Transgender?: A 12 yr-old's journey and how her school responded, First transgender student, teacher at PEA shares his journey
HELPFUL LINKS for additional resources: American Psychological Association, Equality Maine, Association for Psychological Science, Pediatric Endocrine Society
Texas Tech's 82-27 loss to TCU is as ugly as it gets.
It's easy for fans and the internet tough guys to react with frustration after watching the Red Raiders' struggles week after week on the field this season.
Does Kliff Kingsbury really have Texas Tech headed the right direction or is he in over his head?
We've heard enough about his movie star looks and dance moves from the media. What kind of leader is the 35-year-old coach when times are tough?
I asked some of Kingsbury's former Texas Tech teammates and peers to explain why fans should continue to have faith in him and his young coaching staff following arguably the worst loss in program history.
Mickey Peters, wide receiver, 1999-2003
Graham Harrell, quarterback, 2004-08
Dwayne Slay, safety, 2004-05
Texas Tech's all-time leading passer Graham Harrell
Josh Rangel, safety, 2001-04
Rex Richards, offensive lineman, 1999-2002
Cody Campbell, offensive lineman, 2000-04
Jonathan Hawkins, linebacker, 1996-2000
Raymond Pierce, linebacker, 2002-04
Ryan Aycock, safety, 1999-2003
Follow me on Twitter @LouisOjedaJr
Tweets by @LouisOjedaJr
From Stephen Colbert to Lorne Michaels to President Barack Obama, Jerry Seinfeld only invites people whom he truly admires to appear on his Emmy-nominated web series Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee. But, as he admitted in the season eight finale of the show this week, he is actually “obsessed” with John Oliver.
“We're going to get along just fine,” Oliver predicted at the beginning of the episode, and he was right. After picking Oliver up in the “perfect British definition of a sports car,” a 1959 Triumph TR3, Seinfeld told the Last Week Tonight host, “I have been watching so much of your stuff. I really have to compliment you,” joking that he would cut the praise out of the show.
Seinfeld said he has become “obsessed” with Oliver's HBO program, adding, “I don't even know what the hell it is, is it just you're talking, is that it?”
One highlight came at the very end of the episode, when Seinfeld asked Oliver if his remarkable #MakeAmericaDrumpfAgain segment from February was his biggest ever. With more than 27 million views on YouTube at this point, Oliver said, “That thing got out of hand.”
“I think he has a big clowny body,” Seinfeld said, trying out a rare bit of political humor. Building off of Oliver's contributions, he added, “He would make a good little stress ball.”
Oliver then made Seinfeld nearly double over in laughter by adding of Trump, “He would make a better stress ball than he would a president, that's for sure.”
It wasn't the first time these two fast friends made each other laugh uncontrollably throughout the 18-minute episode. After being greeted by a “judgmental silence” at hipster Williamsburg coffee shop Allswell, they bonded over their shared comedy values, in which they are willing to say literally anything if it gets a laugh.
“The internal logic of comedy is really hard for anyone to understand from the outside,” Oliver said. “That you'll do anything for a laugh, like a sociopath.” Seinfeld agreed, saying, “That's right, that's right.”
Oliver also recounted to Seinfeld the story of how he met his wife, U.S. Army combat medic Kate Norley. As he revealed, she did not take it well when he once described a particularly hostile stand-up comedy club as a “war zone.”
“HBO will let you do anything, so you want to say, OK, where is that line?” Oliver added later. “Let's see what ‘anything' means, shall we?” As an example, he told Seinfeld about the secret trip he took to Russia in 2015 to interview Edward Snowden, which he said managed to anger both the White House and the Kremlin.
“So I get back home, and it was really fun, because, you know, trouble is fun,” Oliver said, smiling. His wife told him she thought he was “done” with that type of mischief that he first perfected on The Daily Show and he replied, “Yeah, I don't think I'm done.”
“This is really great,” Seinfeld said near the end of their time together. “I think we're going to be friends.”
The Eagles went 10-6 in 2013. They won the NFC East and hosted a playoff game. It was a good initial season for Chip Kelly, but there is a lot of room for improvement. As we talk about expectations for 2014, most of the discussion centers on whether the team will take a step back or maintain the status quo.
Is it possible for the Eagles to take a big step forward and challenge Seattle for NFC supremacy? Let's talk about what would need to happen for the Eagles to make that kind of leap.
Nick Foles – The numbers won't be as shockingly good, but Foles overall level of play can be better. Think about how many games the Eagles offense raced out to 24 points or so by the mid-3rd quarter and then went stagnant.
* Eagles were up 20-3 on GB and held on to win 27-13.
* Eagles were up 24-0 on WAS and held on to win 24-16.
* Eagles were up 24-7 on ARZ and held on to win 24-21.
* Eagles were up 17-7 on DAL and held on to win 24-22.
Foles isn't solely to blame for the offense going cold in those games, but he is the QB. If he's going to emerge as a true star player, he's got to be able to not only help the Eagles build a lead, but also keep it going. Good teams are greedy. They want more yards, more 1st downs and more point.
Foles needs to be quicker with his reads on some plays. He needs to be more accurate downfield. He needs to make some better reads. There were some open guys that Foles never saw. No repeats of the first Dallas game. I still have nightmares about how awful Foles was that day.
There is no QB competition this year. Foles can develop chemistry with the key players on offense. He'll get a ton of reps. Foles has a good set-up. This is a great opportunity for him. However, this is also the first time in his life he's ever had to deal with significant expectations. I don't anticipate that pressure affecting him in a negative way, but it certainly can happen.
WRs – The Eagles can have an outstanding WRs corps, but some players do need to step up. Jeremy Maclin was very good in 2012 and should be very good this year. The one area where I'm most curious is physicality. Will he block the way Chip wants? Will he embrace the middle of the field? Kelly got DeSean Jackson to use the middle of the field (which didn't happen in the previous 2 seasons). I'm guessing Chip can get Mac to do the same thing. DeSean had the best season of his career Kelly's offense. There is no reason Maclin can't do the same thing. That doesn't mean the numbers will be the same, but they can be his personal best.
Riley Cooper needs to be more consistent in 2014. He was very good at times last year, but also disappeared in some games. Cooper has yet to prove what he really is. Is he meant to be a starter? Is he more of a #3 receiver? We know he can make some big plays, but is he a reliable, consistently good player? The drop in the Saints game was crushing. That should have been a huge play.
Jordan Matthews will need to play well if the Eagles offense is to remain an elite unit. He needs to be good in the slot, but also effective when used outside. In a fantasy world, he would push Cooper for reps with the starting offense (in 2-WR sets). Matthews doesn't need to be as good as Jackson or Maclin in their rookie years, but he needs to be more than just an effective role player.
Someone from Brad Smith, Arrelious Benn, Damaris Johnson, B.J. Cunningham or the rest of the receivers needs to emerge as a reliable veteran. Josh Huff will offer depth, but he's a rookie. It would be good if Smith or Benn could prove to be a solid role player. This only means 20 or so catches in a year, but 3 or 4 of them may come in one game where another player is hurt or something weird is going on with the offense. There are just some games where you need role players to step up.
OL – Stay healthy.
LBs – Last year the LBs played pretty well. That was okay, but if the Eagles are to win 12 to 14 games, the LBs must be better. The 3-4 defense is built on LB play. Trent Cole can't go half a season without a sack. Mychal Kendricks can't wait til the 2nd half of the season to make almost all of his plays. Connor Barwin was good, but needs to be better. DeMeco Ryans can be better.
And the backups did very little. Najee Goode had some good moments. Brandon Graham had 3 sacks. The backups need to be more productive in 2014. Part of that means they need to practice better so the coaches want to get them on the field more. When they do play, the backups need to make plays. Marcus Smith and Graham should be talented backup OLBs. Goode is the key man inside.
DBs – More than any other specific position group, this one must improve the most. The CBs weren't physical or aggressive enough in 2013. Bill Davis is going to work on that. There was no depth on the outside. This year Nolan Carroll is going to push for a starting gig and Jaylen Watkins is in the mix as well. Brandon Boykin remains a terrific slot DB.
Malcolm Jenkins is in town to run the deep middle. The Eagles have had major issues at S for a while so Jenkins presence could be huge for the defense. He is a talented veteran that can help settle the defense down and make some plays. Jenkins would need to be an impact player for the defense to take the next step. This doesn't mean he's got to post huge numbers, but he would need to make some critical plays. With Nate Allen, Earl Wolff and Chris Maragos, the Eagles have better depth than last year. The entire group must play better. Allen had 1 INT and 5 PDs last year. Those numbers must go up.
Coverage and tackling must improve. The Eagles were too generous with coverage last year. They must be tighter this season. And when the DBs do give up short or even intermediate catches, they must close to the ball and tackle. Missed tackles were a huge problem. The Vikings game was a nightmare of sloppy DB play. They made Matt Cassel look like Peyton frickin' Manning.
STs – The Eagles added firepower to help this group. Darren Sproles will likely be the primary RS. He could be a good upgrade for an Eagles return unit that hasn't shined for a while. Maragos and Bryan Braman are here to add punch to the coverage units. They stood out for their teams last year. Rookie Marcus Smith could also be a big help on STs. Chip Kelly is going to keep working on this unit til he gets it right.
Alex Henery isn't being seriously challenged, but he seems to have gotten the message that he must be better if he wants to keep his job for the long term. Many of you are upset with the coaches for not bringing in more serious competition. This could prove to be a big mistake. I'm trusting Kelly and Dave Fipp on this, but I'd be lying if I said I wasn't a bit nervous.
No matter how you slice it, the STs play must improve. STs hurt the Eagles in the playoff loss. It hurt them in plenty of regular season games as well. If this group can get significantly better, that would help push the Eagles to the next level.
OVERALL – I think the Eagles have the potential to jump up to the 12 to 14 win level and play at a very high level. That said, it would require several players/units improving and having very good seasons. You never know when a player or unit is going to have a breakout season. Think about how good the Panthers DL was last year. Think about how good the Saints D got in a hurry. And so on.
I don't expect the Eagles to make this jump in 2014. I think another season is needed for the team to really get better, but I'd love to be wrong.
_
"Vektor 4, this is Hammerhead 1," Ren says into his headset, watching the large Echo-Class space freighter, nearly five times the size of his own craft, as they glide through space in between Vale and Vanuo's orbits.
"This is Vektor 4," says the pilot of the freighter. "Go ahead, Hammerhead 1."
"Your cargo load seems to be off balance. Recommend course readjustment to your left, twenty degrees."
"Roger, Hammerhead 1. Thanks for the heads-up. Oh, and, uh...you mind getting your wingman back? She's got her radio off and buzzing us like hell for the last fifteen minutes or so.
"Roger, Vektor 4, I'll get her. Out," Ren switches to the frequency that he knows Nora is on. "Hammerhead 2, this is Hammerhead 1."
"Oh, hi Ren!" Nora greets cheerily. Suddenly, a T-shaped ship identical to Ren's zooms out from under Ren, pulls up, and flies behind him upside down.
"I think you've done enough scouting for one day, Nora," Ren says. Nora loops around Vektor 4 and buzzes an Ursa-class escort, hired by the company that owns the freighter, same as Ren and Nora.
"Are you sure?" Nora asks. "I think I'm gonna see if the new RCS system can readjust in time before colliding-"
"You can try that with some space junk when we reach Vacuo," Ren says, and moves away from Vektor 4 and the other escorts, making room for Nora to dock. He can hear her sigh.
"Alright," she pouts. "Moving into docking position." Nora turns around and slowly approaches Ren. She rotates her ship she is angled properly with Ren, and uses RCS to nudge her docking port closer and closer to Ren's. The magnets in both ports automatically activate after a certain distance, the gap is closed, and the two ships are locked together as one. A few seconds later, a large red light on the dashboard turns green, and before Ren knows it, Nora is hugging him from behind.
"I missed you!" she says. Ren timidly pats her arm, and she lets go.
"You were just here an hour ago," he says, adjusting his controls to compensate for the new weight and thrust of Nora's ship. His is the "primary" ship, meaning he has full control of Nora's Hammerhead while it's docked, and can remotely control its instruments from his own.
"Yeah, but that was so long ago!" Nora says, plopping down in the chair next to Ren. She swivels around and looks out the window. The three Ursa and two Beowolf escorts are in their own tight formations. If the radio were on, they'd hear them constantly communicating to adjusting their spread along with the freighter. Ren and Nora always took pride in their unique Hammerhead; the design native to Mistral, only a few hundred came off the assembly line decades ago, and the pair was able to snag an old model for a very cheap price. They're virtually the only operational military Hammerhead in the System, the others being civilian models, flying museums, or collector pieces that never leave the shipyard.
"I still can't believe we're actually doing it!" Nora says with excitement after a minute. "It's just like how we always talked about it! We're heavily equipped mercenaries living on the fringe of the system, running dangerous jobs, taking names, the works."
"We're not exactly mercenaries," Ren says without looking up from the controls. "More like private contractors, professional escorts to be specific. We've only been doing this for six months now, we haven't exactly taken a lot of 'names'."
"Oh come on, of course we have!" What about that job last week with the RSS Loyalty?"
"You blew up an asteroid with a torpedo and almost destroyed the luxury liner we were protecting."
"Hey, not my fault pirates ditch their transmitters when the Hunters track them."
"There was an investigation."
"They definitely overreacted." Ren sighs.
"When are you gonna learn to be cautious, Nora?" he asks. Nora giggles.
"When are you gonna get a sense of adventure?" she counters. Ren glares at her. Nora leans forward and touches her finger to his nose.
"Boop!" she says. Ren cracks a smile.
They sit in silence for another half hour, watching the never-changing view of the ships moving through the endless black void.
"I really wish you'd stop taking these escort contracts," Nora groans, stretching her legs. "They're way too boring for the pay."
"They also have guaranteed pay," Ren says. "Unlike those search, destroy, and scavenge missions you keep taking up."
"You just gotta be faster!"
"This is an old ship, Nora. The other mercenaries are usually one seaters and have better maneuverability."
"I thought we weren't mercenaries," Nora says. Ren rolls his eyes, and Nora laughs.
"Hammerhead 1, this is Ursa 2," the radio barks. Ren puts his headset on.
"This is Hammerhead 1," Ren replies. "Want us to switch to the port side again?"
"Negative, Hammerhead. We just have a close contact and want Hammerhead 2 separated to increase our visual numbers."
"See ya!" Nora says, and runs down the small hallway, through the docking port, and into her own ship. A section of Ren's dashboard powers down when Nora assumes control of her ship again.
"Already on it, Ursa 2," Ren says as Nora undocks and peels away, heading to the front of the freighter, where the other escorts move to, shielding the freighter. "Anything else?"
"Not for right now, Hammerhead. We're gonna wait for - hold on." There's a pause. "Well, speak of the devil. One of the ships is hailing, and it has a marked tag."
"They must be packing some serious heat if they're marked."
"Well, no one in our group seems to care." As Ren joins the other escorts, he can see the other ships, including Nora's, tapping on the thrusters, daring the approaching fleet, which seems to be made up of thirteen civilian Grizzly-class vessels modified with weapon systems, to attack. Any marked ships are worth fighting over, especially if they're for capture.
"Patching the lead vessel's frequency to all ships," Ursa 2 announces. There's a flash of static, then a new voice.
"Attention fleet of the Echo freighter," it says. The two packs of ships halt their movement, lined up and ready for battle. "This is the HX-Junior. We have no business with you. The crew of the freighter will jettison, the escorts will scatter, and you will leave us your cargo. No one has to get hurt."
"I got dibs on the far right one!" Nora calls out, and rams her thrusters to full strength, charging forward. Two Beowolfs follow close behind her.
"Alright guys, remember," Ursa 2 says. "Our job is to protect the freighter, not get ourselves killed on some thugs. Ursa 1 and 3, stay behind and-" he stops when he notices everyone but him, the freighter, and Ren have stayed behind while everyone else charges each other, missiles already being released. Ren can spot glimpses of the rocket tracers in between rocket engines and the surrounding twinkling stars. "Ah, fuck it. The computer says they're killed or capture, boys, let 'em have it!" Ursa 2 joins the battle, but Ren decides to stay behind; the freighter's few light auto cannons can't hold off small, fast fighters for very long.
Meanwhile, Nora has already deployed flairs and shot straight up, evading the initial blow of the dogfight, in which two of Junior's ships and a Beowolf are destroyed. The other ships quickly shift their course out of the trajectory of the scattering debris, then rotate to the enemy and open fire with their gatling guns, sending yellow streaks of light in every direction.
One of the Grizzlies disables Ursa 2, who jettisoned into space with his escape pod immediately, and spots Nora above him, floating lifelessly above the carnage. He approaches her and fires his guns in short bursts. Suddenly, Hammerhead 2 roars to life, aims directly at the Grizzly, and fires its heavy railgun, knocking the gatling gun clean off. The distraught Grizzly attempts to fire a barrage of javelin missiles, but Nora is already on the move, and every missile misses completely. When Nora approaches within meters of the enemy ship, she opens fire with her twin pulse repeaters, frying a hole clean through the cockpit and out the other side. She flips back around and joins the carnage below.
"We need back up over here!" one of the two remaining Ursa ships screams. Another Beowolf has lost a large section of his ship, and is trying to limp back to the freighter, two Grizzlies hot on his tail.
"To hell with that," the other Ursa pilot says, striking a clean blow on the tail section of one of the Grizzlies, igniting a fire that quickly burns and engulfs the entire ship. "That's my third kill, I'm gonna have hell of a payday when I-" his radio goes out as his ship explodes in a blazing inferno, the zero gravity carrying his ship's flaming carcass forward like a meteor. Junior's UV gun starts to recharge as he selects his next target: Nora, as she circles around another Grizzly and kills it with ease.
"Lead them back to the freighter!" Ren orders, and guns the engines for the wounded Beowolf. The Grizzlies are toying with it, purposefully clipping the edge of the spacecraft without striking any critical components. "We need the extra firepower!"
"Roger that, falling back," the third Beowolf pilot says, and abandons his chase of a Grizzly and heads back to the Echo ship, which starts to slowly crawl forward, auto cannons at the ready.
Ren swoops down in between the Beowolf and the Grizzlies and launches two torpedoes. The first hits its target perfectly, piercing the weak armor of the ship and blowing the insides out, but the second Grizzly is able to evade in time, the torpedo drifting into deep space. The Grizzly instantly counters with a torrent of gatling fire, dozens of shots hitting Hammerhead 1. The ship shakes violently as Ren attempts to regain control, and the Grizzly fires a missile. Ren is barely able to deploy flares in time, and the missile abruptly changes course, flying away from the battle.
Taking a quick glance at the background, Ren can see that, besides the Grizzly in front of him, there are four more Grizzles, one Ursa and Beowolf, and Nora-
"Nora!" Ren screams internally as Junior's UV gun goes off. From this distance, it looks like the bright white ray went straight through Nora's ship, but Nora was able to turn sharply at the last moment, and it only clipped her tail. Unfortunately, it took out her primary weapons, and now she only has her flares and one pulse cannon at her disposal. She whips around and does a flyby on Junior, who opens fire with four gatling guns.
Ren looks back to the Grizzly, only to have it torn apart by a torpedo from behind, launched by the retreating Ursa, as it and the Beowolf regroup next to the steadily approaching freighter. A pursuing Grizzly is shot to pieces with the combined firepower of the freighter, Ursa, Beowolf, and Ren. Ren immediately makes a mad dash for Nora and Junior as the rest of the fleet takes care of the last two Grizzlies, which are trying to surround them.
Nora is expertly circling Junior while keeping her pulse cannon fire at the same time, keeping out of effective range of Junior's short-ranged gatling guns. She deploys flares whenever Junior tries to launch missiles, and does a aileron roll when the UV gun goes off again, slicing the empty space in between her wings. Ren fires a blind missile without attempting to lock on, getting the attention of Junior, who engages with Ren. Nora takes the initiative and moves in and aims for the engines with her pulse cannon. She does a quick flyby, but doesn't do much damage; it's evident that Junior spent quite a lot more money on his ship than his henchmen.
Junior fires his UV gun again, and Ren is barely able to rotate his ship back in time, the bright light flooding the window, momentarily blinding him.
"Shit, that's bright!" he exclaims, rubbing his eyes with one hand and swerving out of the way with the other. Unfortunately, Junior is able to line up his shot perfectly, and fires a javelin missile directly at Ren. All the lights in his ship abruptly go out as the ship feels like it's ripping itself out, Ren practically thrown out of shit seat, then quickly returning along with the sound of an alarm.
"I lost thrusters!" he shouts on the radio, sitting back up and activating RCS. He attempts to use the tiny thrusters to move out of the way, possibly behind a nearby clot of destroyed ship debris, but it's too slow. He brings his ship to a halt, faces Junior, and haphazardly burns through the RCS, keeping his ship on the move so he doesn't have to build momentum to dodge Junior's next UV ray.
Suddenly, Nora loops back around, charges Junior head on, and breaks hard, pressing her damaged chassis directly to the UV gun. She turns on her radio as she stares down the bewildered pilot in front of her.
"I go, you go," she says. "Power down." Junior slowly raises his hands. "Power down!" Nora repeats. She opens fire with plasma, the molten hot blasts melting Junior's thick armor. Junior scrambles to his controls and quickly shuts down all his ship's systems.
"Alright! Alright! Just stop!" he screams. Nora ceases fire, smiles, and flies to Ren.
"Are you trying to get us all killed?" Ren asks Nora over the radio as she docks with him, but she gets out of her chair before she could reply. As he assumes control of Nora's ship, he finds out that the UV ray only took out his engine fuel reserves, and not the actual engines themselves, so they'll be able to fly together with minimal problem.
"That. Was. Amazing!" Nora says as she enters Ren's ship, hugging him from behind again.
"You almost got us all killed," Ren says.
"Ah, it's fine. Just gonna cost a few hundred thousand Liens to repair and rearm," Nora says.
"This job only pays fifty."
"Not including all that," Nora says, pointing out the window. Outside, the Ursa and Beowolf train their guns on Junior as the freighter's EVA crew attaches a towing line to his ship. "Kills are worth twenty, and live is worth thirty to sixty, depending on his record." Ren sighs.
"Yeah, well, I still like peaceful escort missions." Nora giggles.
"Alright, folks, we're moving out," the freighter pilot orders, and they resume their original journey again.
"That was some kickass flying out there, Hammerhead," the pilot of the Beowolf compliments as the fleet passes through the floating graveyard of ship parts and destroyed hulls that slowly scatter farther and farther apart.
"Thank you," Ren replies. Nora snatches the headset off of Ren's head on puts it on her own.
"Well, we're not, 'together, together'," Nora corrects. Ren smiles and shakes his head.
Reuters reports that Man Group, a UK-based hedge fund, will be getting involved in Bitcoin trading if CME Group's plans to open a regulated futures exchange are approved. According to Business Insider, Man Group is “one of the largest hedge funds in the world” and the fund's website points out that they manage $103.5 bln in funds.
JUST IN: Hedge fund firm Man Group will add #bitcoin to its 'investment universe' if CME launches futures contract as planned - CEO Luke Ellis #ReutersSummit pic.twitter.com/5u0pgRrRXY — Reuters Tech News (@ReutersTech) November 14, 2017
Effects
Even a fraction of $103.5 bln could make a big impact on the markets, but more important, Man Group's announcement continues to solidify digital currency as being worth of Wall Street's attention. Bitcoin in particular is finding more and more acceptance in traditional markets. Likewise, futures markets and hedge fund involvement create more on-ramps into the mainstream financial system and more ways for large but cautious investors to get involved.
Hedge funds are only open to accredited investors, that is, those whose net worth exceeds $1 mln. However, such funds have a much wider latitude to trade whatever types of assets or instruments it thinks would be profitable for its clients. Mutual funds, on the other hand, are open to regular retail investors but have greater restrictions as to how they can invest their funds.
The holy grail for retail investors would be an exchange traded fund, or ETF. A Bitcoin ETF would allow ordinary investors to easily gain exposure to Bitcoin by adding it to their brokerage or retirement accounts. Greater acceptance by Wall Street and greater liquidity on regulated futures markets, such as CME's, will almost certainly usher in an ETF.
I have looked and looked for River Otters out in the Great Smoky National Park (GSMNP) and have never found them. I posted an eagle a day for the month of February, and got behind in my other adventures. I found these guys in Central Illinois on Feb 15th.
I was pretty sure something big was keeping the hole in the ice open. I was guessing beaver, but there wasn't any tree damage around. It wasn't long before this one must have run out of breath and popped his head out!
Less than a minute later a second one shot out.
The second one the smaller of the two started to chase the larger one around. I am guessing he was the male, but no way to tell!
I think spring must have been in the air, because it looked like Otter foreplay! The twenty or so minutes while I watched and photographed them I kept hearing Muskrat Love playing in my head.
Ahhhh! They were cuddling! However the larger one looked kind of annoyed and put off, so she had to be the female! It was the day after Valentines day and maybe he forgot the card, flowers and chocolates!
Whether you're a therapist, a client, or neither, this exercise is a good one to try. This exercise, called Best Possible Self, by researchers and practitioners, is one of the stronger exercises because it has good research support (see below) and people tend to find the exercise beneficial.Whether you're a therapist, a client, or neither, this positive psychology exercise is a good one to try. This exercise, called Best Possible Self, by researchers and practitioners, is one of the stronger happiness exercises because it has good research support (see below) and people tend to find the exercise beneficial.
The exercise has been shown to boost people's positive emotions, happiness levels, , hope, improve coping skills, and elevate positive expectations about the future. I suggest you to consider it in two basic steps: visualizing yourself at a future moment in time having accomplished your and considering the character strengths you'll need to deploy to make that vision a reality.
Here are some steps to help guide you:
Take a few minutes to select a future time period (e.g., 6 months, 1 year, 5 years from now) and imagine that at that time you are expressing your best possible self strongly. Visualize your best possible self in a way that is very pleasing to you and that you are interested in.
Imagine it in close details where you have worked hard and succeeded at accomplishing your life goals. You might think of this as reaching your full potential, hitting an important milestone, or realizing one of your life . The point is not to think of unrealistic , rather, things that are positive and attainable within reason.
After you have a fairly clear image, write about the details. Writing your best possible self down helps to create a logical structure for the future and can help you move from the realm of foggy ideas and fragmented thoughts to concrete, real possibilities.
Be sure to write about the character strengths that you observe in this image.
And, what character strengths will you need to deploy to make this best possible self a reality?
Some people prefer to reverse the process by writing about the image before sitting back and playing it forward in their mind.
Examples:
I've heard a wide variety of people's best possible self stories. Here are a few (note that when you do the exercise you'll want to consider far more details that these snapshots):
I can envision starting a family and we are spending quality time together vacationing and going to activities together in the city. I will need to use my prudence strength to map out my long-term finances, my perseverance strength as my spouse and I “keep trying” to have children, and my strength which will help me “let go” of any blame I might impose on myself or my spouse as we encounter obstacles along the way.
I see myself doing work that is meaningful and fills me with a sense of purpose as I help people reach their dreams on a daily basis. I will use my of and curiosity strengths as I return to school to study new topic areas. I will also use social by networking with people in the helping profession and staying open to emerging possibilities that might broaden my experiences.
I have created a small business on the Internet, and with a few employees helping me, I've found a way to shift from unemployed to happily engaged in successful work. I will need to use my strengths of to bring forth my new product, my judgment/critical thinking to devise many different pathways, and to help me remember that this enterprise is a team effort and not just me alone.
How about you? What is your best possible self a year from now?
[Take the new, much briefer test of your character strengths. It is free and scientifically valid.]
References:
Austenfeld, J. L., & Stanton, A. L. (2008). Writing about emotions versus goals: Effects on hostility and medical care utilization moderated by emotional approach coping processes. British Journal of Psychology, 13, 35-38.
Austenfeld, J. L., Paolo, A. M., & Stanton, A. L. (2006). Effects of writing about emotions versus goals on psychological and physical health among third-year medical students. Journal of 74(1), 267-286.
King, A. (2001). The health benefits of writing about life goals. Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin, 27(7), 798-807.
Meevissen, Y. M. C., Peters, M. L., & Alberts, H. J. E. M. (2011). Become more optimistic by imagining the best possible self: Effects of a two week intervention. Journal of Behavior and Experimental , 42, 371-378.
Peters, M. L., Flink, I. K., Boersma, K., & Linton, S. J. (2010). Manipulating optimism: Can imagining the best possible self be used to increase positive future expectancies? Journal of Positive Psychology, 5(3), 204-211.
Peterson, C., & Seligman, M. E. P. (2004). Character strengths and virtues: A handbook and classification. New York: Oxford University Press and Washington, D.C.: American Psychological Association.
Shapira, L. B., & Mongrain, M. (2010). The benefits of self-compassion and optimism exercises for individuals vulnerable to . Journal of Positive Psychology, 5(5), 377-389.
Sheldon, K. M., & Lyubomirsky, S. (2006). How to increase and sustain positive emotion: the effects of expressing and visualizing the best possible selves. Journal of Positive Psychology, 1, 73-82.
Image copyright Getty Images
The Bank of England has successfully bought £1.17bn worth of government bonds as part of its £60bn buy-back programme to stimulate the economy.
Last week, the Bank failed to find enough sellers when it offered to buy the bonds, known as gilts.
But it found no shortage of sellers on Tuesday. The "reverse auction" was oversubscribed by almost 2.7 times.
By creating money to buy gilts the Bank hopes to push cash out into the economy for investment and lending.
Pension funds in particular have been reluctant to sell gilts, especially those with long maturities, because they bought them when they were cheap and offered a high rate of return.
The Bank's quantitative easing programme began in 2009, and last month it announced a new £60bn round of government bond buying to try to stimulate growth after signs of a slowdown followed the referendum vote in June.
The bond purchases will take place three times a week until October.
Part of the bond-buying programme will also involve buying up a limited amount of corporate bonds, fixed interest debt issued by companies.
Remember when the nation was upset at Bill Clinton for causing America's children to ask “What is oral sex?”
Well, parents, get ready.
Apparently, in response to the adultery allegations levied against Cruz which came out in the National Enquirer, Cruz accused the only quoted source for the allegations as being a person who copulates with rodents.
There's more.
Ted then went on to say he had no desire to have sex with Donald Trump… even though he is a rat.
Yeah, that happened. Watch the video by clicking on the Tweet below:
Cruz: ‘Donald Trump May Be a Rat But I Have No Desire to Copulate With Him' https://t.co/52xUwIr89p (VIDEO) pic.twitter.com/EesnkC1FPd March 25, 2016
I honestly can't even think of a way to end this post, other than to quote Chris Cillizza of the Washington Post:
This week — and today in particular — highlight what this campaign has become. An absurd race to the bottom in which the debate is over who is losing less badly and where winners are impossible to find. We — and the GOP field — know exactly how we got here. I'm just not sure anyone knows how we can escape it.
By the way, Cillizza wrote that BEFORE Ted Cruz introduced America to the rat copulation concept.
Kollu podi recipe with step-by-step photos. Sharing a very easy to make, healthy and so delicious kollu podi recipe.
I make this kollu podi recipe regularly at home, this tastes great with rice, gingely oil and we eat with idli too but I never thought to blog the recipe here. Last week I received requests for recipes with kollu/horsegram. The reader asked for this kollu podi recipe and kollu rasam recipe. So I made a fresh batch of kollu podi last week and clicked pics too 🙂
Kollu/horsegram is one amazing lentil with whole lot of health benefits. One of the most known benefit of horsgram is that it helps in weight loss. It also helps in keeping cholesterol in check, gives energy, helps in treating cold and fever. If you are not interested in consuming plain horse gram soaked in water, then you can try such easy horse gram recipes to get some benefits.
To make kollu podi recipe, along with kollu/ horse gram, I have used channa dal, black urad dal. I have also added a small quantity of methi seeds and cumin seeds. This was the first time I used methi and cumin seeds in paruppu podi but we liked the flavor and taste very much. This is one flavorful and really delicious podi, try this once and you will surely love it.
Serve kollu podi with steamed rice, ghee or oil along with roasted papad. You can also serve kollu podi as side dish with idli/dosa etc. You can also add 1 teaspoon of this podi in any curry or even rasam.
Here is how to make kollu podi recipe, do give this a try. If you are looking for easy podi recipes do check verkadalai paruppu podi, thengai podi, ellu milagai podi
Kollu podi recipe with step-by-step photos.
1. Heat 1 teaspoon gingely oil in a kadai/wok. Add the cleaned and measured horse gram/ kollu to the hot oil and fry well for 3-4 minutes. Some kollu will start to burst and color will change slightly. Remove the fried kollu to a plate.
2. In the same oil add channa dal, urad dal and fry well too till the colore changes to golden. Remove to the same plate along with roasted horse gram.
3. In the same oil add dried red chilies, methi seeds, cumin seeds, curry leaf and asafoetida. Sute well till the chilies turn dark in color. Let everything cool down.
4. Take all the roasted ingredients in a dry grinding jar.
5. Grind for 1-2 minutes.
6. Add required salt. Grind gain to a somewhat coarse powder. Store kollu podi in airtight container and use as required.
Kollu podi recipe card below:
5 from 1 vote Print Kollu podi recipe | Horsegram powder recipe Prep Time 15 mins Cook Time 15 mins Total Time 30 mins Kollu podi recipe, very tasty and healthy powder with horse gram Course: Side Dish Cuisine: Indian Servings : 2 cups Calories : 118 kcal Authors : Harini Ingredients (1 cup=250 ml) 1 cup kollu/ horse gram
1/4 cup channa dal
1/4 cup black urad dal
1/2 teaspoon methi seeds
2 teaspoons cumin seeds
20 curry leaves
10-15 dried red chilies
1/2 teaspoon asafoetida
salt
1 teaspoon oil Instructions Heat 1 teaspoon gingely oil in a kadai/wok. Add the cleaned and measured horse gram/ kollu to the hot oil and fry well for 3-4 minutes. Some kollu will start to burst and color will change slightly. Remove the fried kollu to a plate. In the same oil add channa dal, urad dal and fry well too till the colore changes to golden. Remove to the same plate along with roasted horse gram. In the same oil add dried red chilies, methi seeds, cumin seeds, curry leaf and asafoetida. Saute well till the chilies turn dark in color. Let everything cool down. Take all the roasted ingredients in a dry grinding jar. Grind for 1-2 minutes. Add required salt. Grind gain to a somewhat coarse powder. Store kollu podi in airtight container and use as required Recipe Notes 1. use red chili as per taste and hotness of the chili. I used dried kashmiri red chilies here. If using small round ones you may need to reduce the number of chilies as they are hotter.
2. Instead of asafoetida you can add garlic pods
3. You can use normal urad dal or even toor dal instead of black urad dal
Sharing is caring!
A new poll finds 88 percent of New York voters support the legalization of marijuana for medical use , and 57 percent also favor legalizing recreational use.
The Quinnipiac University poll released Monday finds only 9 percent oppose legalizing medical marijuana.
Maurice Carroll, director of the poll, said a narrow majority doubt that legalizing marijuana will lead to harder drug use, and about half say marijuana is no worse than alcohol.
“Medical marijuana is a no-brainer for New York State voters, and they also would follow Colorado in legalizing marijuana for fun. But a slim plurality don't think legalization has been good for Colorado's reputation,” Carroll stated.
The poll surveyed 1,488 New York voters by phone on Feb. 6-10 and has a margin of error of plus or minus 2.5 percentage points.
“If it's alleviating someone's pain I say why not?” Michelle Pena told CBS 2's John Slattery.
Some New Yorkers even told CBS 2's Slattery that they would support legalization for recreational use.
“If you're doing it in your own home it's okay. You are not disturbing anybody,” Julio Rivera said.
Others disagreed.
“I don't like that whatsoever it's addictive, it's illegal, it gets in the wrong hands,” Toussaint Louis said.
Medical experts urged caution and said that marijuana use could lead to harder drugs.
“If alcohol is bad that ship has sailed, and alcohol is a bad drug but that has nothing to do with marijuana. Marijuana is a completely separate drug and is bad in it's a own way,” Dr. Harris Straytner explained.
Gov. Andrew Cuomo has said he'll launch a limited hospital-based medical marijuana program. Sen. Liz Krueger has introduced a full legalization bill, which the Cuomo administration opposes.
You May Also Be Interested In These Stories:
(TM and © Copyright 2014 CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries. CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2014 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
Story highlights Romney and Trump met this past weekend at Bedminster, New Jersey
A Romney appointment would give Trump instant gravitas abroad
Washington (CNN) Mitt Romney is taking a potential offer to serve as Donald Trump's secretary of state seriously, even as questions remain about whether Trump considers a Romney nomination as plausible.
A source familiar with transition discussions said Romney is seriously considering the posting, which has not yet been offered. Romney is certainly discussing the prospect with his family members who often serve as his closest advisers, the source said, though a decision is not likely until after the Thanksgiving holiday.
Two transition sources say Romney is one of the leading contenders for the job but others remain in the mix, including former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani, according to one of the sources.
JUST WATCHED Conway: Trump and Romney can work together Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Conway: Trump and Romney can work together 02:31
Romney and Trump met this past weekend at Trump's golf retreat in Bedminster, New Jersey , where the two men discussed world affairs and the possible position. Vice President-elect Mike Pence has since confirmed that Romney is under "active consideration" for the job as America's chief diplomat.
A Romney appointment would give Trump instant gravitas abroad and a marquee name in one of the highest-profile administration postings. The Trump campaign has praised Romney in recent days, even as it stresses that other officials are under consideration for the secretary of state position.
Read More
One thing I love about 9to5Mac readers is how engaged they are in the comments. My review of the ClamCase Pro iPad keyboard case last month led to a lively discussion about the relative merits of that vs the Brydge keyboard, so I decided to give that a try for a retrospective shoot-out.
The Brydge Air is a slightly different beast to the ClamCase, being just a keyboard and not a full case. It still hinges shut in a laptop-like clamshell fashion, but there's no rear protection on this one. That, as we'll see, has both pros and cons …
NordVPN
Looks & portability
Looks are, let's be honest, important. You don't spend this kind of money on an iPad keyboard just to get decent typing performance: there are plenty of cheaper options for that.
The Brydge Air has a unibody aluminum construction–there's no plastic at all, unless you count the rubber shims used to adjust the hinges that grip the iPad. You get two sets of these, one for the iPad Air, the other for the iPad Air 2–I have the latter.
The Brydge also gives you a choice of colors: silver, space gray or gold. Despite the fact that I have a Space Gray iPad, I prefer a classic plain aluminum look for keyboards, so opted for silver.
The Brydge thus wins the first round. Where the ClamCase has plastic on the outer casing, and also in the keyboard inset, the Brydge is all-metal. From the typing position, it looks gorgeous, and has a real feel of quality to it.
The difference in appearance in the keyboard itself is pretty minimal. Here you can see my 11-inch MacBook Air on the left, Brydge in the center, and ClamCase on the right. The plastic inset on the ClamCase doesn't stand out that much.
The other plus point of the Brydge is footprint. The angle of the photo doesn't show it, but to be completely fair I aligned the rear edge of the ClamCase with the hinges of the Brydge to show the difference in size. You can see that the lack of any casing makes the Brydge a little narrower and noticeably less deep.
However, I have to say the rear/underside view of the iPad with Brydge attached is rather clunky in appearance. The ClamCase may have a plastic exterior, but looks neater in this view.
Thickness wise, there's very little in it:
And neither product is going to win any aesthetic awards when viewed from the hinge side:
With the keyboards closed, then, I'm going to call the beauty contest a draw. However, for protection, it's a clear win for the ClamCase, offering all-round protection against scratches and dings when carrying the iPad in a bag.
Setup
Bluetooth pairing is Bluetooth pairing: quick and easy. Both products also have a physical on/off switch, making it simple to disconnect/reconnect after the initial pairing.
The Brydge also has built-in speakers. I'll get to those later, but for now just note that you need to do a second Bluetooth pairing if you want to use them. Both input and sound pairings can be used simultaneously.
The keyboard comes with the shims installed for the original iPad Air, so I needed to replace these for the slimmer fit of my iPad Air 2. The adhesive makes this a slightly fiddly process, so the ClamCase wins by a nose for the setup.
Insertion/removal of the iPad
Inserting and removing the iPad is easy with both products. The ClamCase requires a little courage, as it feels like you're at risk of breaking it, but works well once you're used to it. With the Brydge, you just slide the iPad in and out of the hinges. The presence of rubber shims means it slides easily in and out, and is very securely held.
Opening and closing each keyboard is similar. The ClamCase has a cutout to help the process, while the Brydge doesn't, but both devices really require you to pick them up off the desk to open them. I'm going to call this one a draw.
In use
So finally we get to the important part: using the keyboard.
Both products have stiff hinges that allow you to position the iPad screen at any angle, and both are rock solid once positioned. The ClamCase is more flexible, with its 360-degree fold allowing you to use it in tablet mode without removing it from the case, but this makes for a very thick device, so I always ended up removing it and putting away the keyboard anyway, so no practical difference here.
You'd think a review of a keyboard would spend most of its time talking about the typing experience, but in truth there's very little to say: both the Brydge and ClamCase keyboard are absolutely superb. I give a slight edge to a MacBook keyboard over both, but there's very little in it.
The Brydge keyboard is slightly stiffer in use, but it's a very marginal difference, and I couldn't honestly say that one is better than the other.
A draw so far, then, but the Brydge does pull ahead in one respect: it offers backlit keys. I use these in exactly one situation–in a taxi at night–but it is useful then, so a slight win for the Brydge. The brightness of the backlighting is also variable, though I found I wanted full brightness anyway.
Speakers
The Brydge Air has one extra (one not available in an earlier model): built-in speakers. These are built into the rear of the keyboard.
In theory, this is a useful idea. With previous iPad models, I have sometimes found the speakers a bit weedy when watching a movie. But with the excellent iPad Air 2 speakers, it seems completely pointless: the speakers are lower-volume than the iPad ones, and pointed out back, they are less usefully positioned too.
I really can't understand why the company bothered with this, other than to create a bullet-point for marketing purposes.
Pricing & conclusions
As with the ClamCase review, pricing needs to make it onto a heading as it requires the same sharp intake of breath: the price is identical, at $169. Or even more expensive, if you want the gold version: that, for some reason, carries a $20 premium.
As I said before, only you can decide whether any keyboard can justify adding at least 20% to the price of your iPad. There are much, much cheaper options out there, including the $40 Anker model that Jeremy considered a perfectly viable option in his review yesterday.
With either the ClamCase Pro or the Brydge Air, you're getting a MacBook-quality keyboard with looks to match; whether that justifies the price premium is a decision only you can make.
If you do think it's worth spending this kind of money, choosing between the ClamCase and the Brydge is not easy. The ClamCase offers all-round protection, and a neater look when closed–but has a plastic outer and is white. The Brydge looks a little more sophisticated in use, but clunkier from behind and when closed–and offers no protection to the back of the iPad. The Brydge has a slightly smaller footprint.
I'd say it's very much a personal choice, and may depend on how likely you think it is your iPad could get scratched when carried. In the shoulder bag I use when walking, there's very little risk of damage in the padded tablet pocket, so the smaller footprint of the Brydge wins out. In my cycling bag, where there's more chance of my iPad bouncing around a little on London's less-than-smooth roads, the ClamCase is more reassuring.
Yer pays yer money and makes yer choice.
The Brydge Air keyboard is compatible with iPad Air and iPad Air 2. It is available direct from Brydge for $169 (silver and white) or $189 (gold). The older (speakerless) model for iPad 2/3/4 cost $129 when launched, but can now be found on Amazon from $110 new, $80 used.
[JURIST] The Navajo Nation on Tuesday filed suit [complaint] against the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) [official website] alleging that water flowing from a punctured mine in Colorado was toxic and “damaged the Nation's environment, people, and economy.” Specifically, the 48-page complaint alleges that the toxic wastewater contaminated the San Juan River, a river on which the Nation has a “[u]nique dependence,” and the contamination negatively affected the production of crops, feeding of cattle, culture and economy of the Nation. The complaint also alleges that the operators of the mines hired by the EPA, Gold King Mines Corporation, “continuously neglected its obligations to control the discharge of wastewater from its properties and to operate the treatment facility to protect [their] water” and that the damages were “preventable and foreseeable.”
This is the latest in a number of cases naming the EPA as a defendant. Earlier this year the state of New Mexico filed suit [Reuters report] against the EPA concerning the toxic wastewater from the Colorado punctured mine, and it is likely that Colorado and Utah will follow suit. In April residents of Flint, Michigan, represented by attorney Michael Pitt, filed an administrative complaint [JURIST report] against the EPA for negligence in handling the Flint water crisis. The suit alleged that the EPA was notified of contamination in the Flint water supply long before acting in any substantive way to mitigate the harm or properly investigate the complaints. As a result of their inaction, the residents of Flint allege they were subjected to lead in their water supply for over a year causing physical injury to themselves and their property.
Wind Power Has Dramatically Cut Global Warming Pollution In The U.S.
October 28th, 2013 by Zachary Shahan
Interestingly, in 2012, coal-fired electricity generation increased while natural gas generation decreased considerably. This is counter to all the talk about the shale gas revolution (“bridge,” if you're optimistic), including a line right in the first paragraph of the EPA press release — “The data, required to be collected annually by Congress, highlight a decrease in greenhouse gas emissions as more utilities switch to cleaner burning natural gas.”
Despite coal generation increasing, natural gas generation decreased so much that overall fossil fuel generation fell by 36.4 million MWh. Here's a table with more details:
So, what made up for that electricity generation drop?
First and foremost, reiterating a recent statement by the International Energy Agency, it seems that energy efficiency and energy conservation did. However, the other main contributor to the cut in global warming pollution was clearly renewable energy generation, especially generation from wind energy. Wind power plants contributed a significant 17.7 million MWh of additional electricity generation in 2012.
If you are under the odd impression that more wind power doesn't equal less global warming pollution, please use some common sense and also check out a recent study we reported on that shows how little backup power is actually needed for wind power, even at relatively high penetration levels. In other words, accept the fact that wind power is extremely effective at cutting global warming pollution.
As REVE notes: “What lesson can we draw from this data? While some of the emissions reductions noted by the EPA are fleeting, wind energy is a key contributor to the long-lasting strategy for reducing U.S. carbon emissions.“
If you're wondering what's up with the EPA's statement that the switch to natural gas has resulted in a decrease in greenhouse gas emissions, the statement is based on generation change over the course of two years (2011 and 2012), not just 2012. “The 2012 data show that in the two years since reporting began, emissions from power plants have decreased 10 percent. This is due to a switch from coal to natural gas for electricity generation and a slight decrease in electricity production.”
Spin natural gas however you want, but please stop ignoring the fact that increasing renewable energy generation has a very strong, lasting impact on U.S. greenhouse gas emissions.
Also, let's just hope that methane leaks from using natural gas aren't considerably greater than projected (I can't say I'm optimistic about that), and that, if natural gas really is notably greener, that natural gas rebounds and cuts coal generation considerably again… as we ramp up renewable energy faster and faster, since that is the only long-term solution in this sector anyway.
IfFound lets you add phone number to your lock screen in case you lost your iPhone. Whoever finds your lost iPhone can call the number you added, get in touch with you and give the iPhone back to you.
IfFounds provides simple and minimalistic look so that the text you add looks like it's part of iOS itself. Application lets you customize it's size and position to your liking.
The app contains no ads and provides smooth user experience. You have an option to add text to wallpapers from your gallery and IfFound provides additional 6 wallpapers for you to choose from.
Tip: You can add to your wallpaper literally any text you can think of, so if you don't wish to add a phone number, you can just get creative and add whatever funny message to your lock screen :)
Not to be confused with Martin Luther
For other people named Martin Luther, see Martin Luther (disambiguation).
Martin Franz Julius Luther ( German: [ˈmaɐ̯tiːn ˈlʊtɐ] (); 16 December 1895 – 13 May 1945) was an early member of the Nazi Party. He served as an advisor to Foreign Minister Joachim von Ribbentrop, first in the Dienststelle Ribbentrop ("Ribbentrop Bureau"), and later in the Auswärtiges Amt ("Foreign Office") as a diplomat when von Ribbentrop replaced Konstantin von Neurath. He participated in the Wannsee Conference, at which the Final Solution was planned; it was the 1947 discovery of his copy of the minutes that first made the Allied powers aware that the conference had taken place and what its purpose was.
Biography [ edit ]
Luther ran a furniture removal and interior decorating business. He joined the Nazi Party and SA on 1 March 1933.[1] He helped Ribbentrop to obtain a low party membership number, and when Ribbentrop was sent to London as Ambassador in 1936, he hired Luther to move his furniture from Berlin and do the interior decorating of the new German Embassy in London.[2] Ribbentrop later offered him a position in his own foreign policy organisation, the Ribbentrop Bureau. Luther accepted, and henceforward became one of Ribbentrop's favourite hatchet men. Two years later he took over the 'Deutschland' department and moved it to its own building.[2]
Luther was extremely loyal to Heinrich Himmler.[2] In May 1940, he was appointed to the position of Foreign Ministry liaison to the SS. By July 1941 he had advanced to the position of Ministerialdirektor with the rank of Unterstaatssekretär; his effective power exceeded that suggested by his title and rank, since he was the liaison between the party and the ministry. In addition he had become an SA Brigadeführer.[3]
Luther attended the Wannsee Conference on 20 January 1942 as the representative of the Foreign Ministry, and after that his principal task was to persuade or pressure German satellites and allies to hand over their Jewish populations for deportation to the death camps. During this period, he also continued to work as an interior decorator for Ribbentrop's wife, helping her with the design of her various houses as well as her clothes. He resented this, stating that she treated him like one of her household servants.
She found him boorish,[4] and Ribbentrop was dissatisfied with his not advancing the Foreign Office's interests in the internecine struggle with Himmler and the SS and tired of his mismanagement of office funds. Ribbentrop had also received complaints that Luther was blackmailing people.[4]
In 1943, with the aid of Franz Rademacher, he tried to supplant von Ribbentrop as Foreign Minister but was thwarted and sent to Sachsenhausen concentration camp in 1944; Hitler had wanted him hanged, but Himmler ensured that he merely had to work in the camp herb garden. After suicide attempts he was freed by Soviet troops in spring 1945, but died shortly after of heart failure.[4]
The copy of the Wannsee minutes sent to Luther by Reinhard Heydrich was discovered in the ministry archives in 1947 and has played an important role in documenting the conference[5] although Luther was among those who already knew that policy with regard to the "Jewish question" had changed.[6]
Luther's copy of the minutes is the only record of the conference that survived the war, and its discovery was the first time the Allies became aware of the meeting and a follow-up meeting on 6 March 1942. At the conference, he voiced concern about the large-scale "resettlement" required throughout occupied Europe, which seemed to indicate that he did not fully understand what was being planned. In addition, he had a memorandum prepared for his use at the conference,[7] which speaks only of expulsions; it has been used by Holocaust denialists to argue that the conference did not present a policy of genocide,[8] but is not inconsistent with a change in policy.[9]
Portrayals in media [ edit ]
Luther is briefly portrayed in Daniel Silva's book The Confessor which is part of Silva's Gabriel Allon series.
which is part of Silva's Gabriel Allon series. Luther played an integral part in Robert Harris' 1992 alternate history novel, Fatherland . In the 1994 HBO adaptation, Luther was renamed Franz Luthor and was played by John Woodvine.
. In the 1994 HBO adaptation, Luther was renamed Franz Luthor and was played by John Woodvine. In the 2001 HBO film Conspiracy, Luther was played by Kevin McNally.
References [ edit ]
Techbase unveiled a “Moduino” automation controller with an ESP32-WROVER module plus WiFi, BT, and optional LoRa, Sigfox, LTE, Ethernet, and battery power.
Polish embedded firm Techbase was one of the first manufacturers to tap the original Raspberry Pi Compute Module in 2014 with its ModBerry 500 automation controller, and has since updated it to an RPi Compute Module 3 based ModBerry 500 M3. Now, it is introducing the Moduino, which it calls the world's first ESP32-based industrial computer.
Renders of Moduino X1 and X2
(click image to enlarge)
The Moduino is designed for lightweight IoT gateways with need for extensive wireless options, remote data control and management, and support for sensors. It currently supports temperature and humidity sensors, and will later add support for sensors including accelerometers, gyroscopes, and magnetometers.
Available in both a battery-powered Moduino X1 model, and a larger, more expandable Moduino X2, the new product line taps Espressif's open source ESP32-WROVER, a version of its next-gen ESP32 module. Compared to the WiFi-ready ESP8266 module and similar ESP8285, which adds 1MB SPI flash, the ESP32 offers faster WiFi and adds dual-mode Bluetooth 4.2 with classic and LE (low energy) support. The ESP32 is built on Cadence's more powerful, 32-bit Tensilica Xtensa LX6, a dual-core MCU with an 80MHz to 240MHz clock rate and 600 DMIPS performance.
Like the ESP8266 and ESP8285, the ESP32 supports either standalone operation, typically using a real-time operating system like FreeRTOS or Zephyr, or configuration as a slave device, for example as a subsystem incorporated into an Arduino board. Techbase says the Moduino can tap any ESP32 compatible OSes and programming environments, and the company specifically mentions ESP-IDF, Zephyr, Arduino, MicroPython, and Mongoose OS.
ModBerry
500 M3
The Moduino controllers can “easily” work remotely with existing ModBerry gateways for data accumulation and monitoring, “to perform specific actions before sending the data to cloud services,” says Techbase. In addition, “the Moduino-ModBerry installation can work as standalone Ecosystem (for example via MQTT), providing fog-computing to any installation,” says the company.
Both the Moduino X1 and X2 clock the ESP32-WROVER's LX6 chip to 240MHz, and offer 512KB to 4MB pSRAM and 4MB SPI ROM. The controller provides 16Mbps 802.11b/g/n WiFi and Bluetooth 4.2 with BLE. The WiFi signal can be boosted to a 1km range via U.FL antenna connectors.
Wireless options on both models include LoRa (Semtech SX1272 with LoRaWAN stack), Sigfox (TI CC1125 narrowband transceiver), and either LTE Cat. M1 or NarrowBand-IoT (LTE Cat. NB1) over a 699Mhz to 2690Mhz frequency range with global support. ZigBee support is in the works. The one common non-wireless option is a 1-inch, 128 x 64-pixel OLED display.
Moduino X1 vs. X2
The larger Moduino X2 adds a microSD slot and doubles the I/O, so you get 2x RS-232/485 ports instead of one on the X1, 8x DIO instead of four, and 4x analog inputs instead of two. In addition, the X2 provides more optional features including 2x analog outputs and a 10/100 Ethernet port.
Render of Moduino X1 with antennas
(click image to enlarge)
The X2 also adds “ExCard” support, which include the same add-on modules supported by the ModBerry. These include wireless modules such as 3G/GPRS and GPS, as well as accelerometers, relays, Ethernet, serial, PCIe, ADC, and DIO connections.
The Moduino X1, meanwhile, has the advantage of being the only model that can run on battery power. Both models offer 5V inputs and the same LiPo or Supercapacitor battery options, but the X2's battery can only act as a temporary UPS backup rather than a standalone power source.
The X1 is also smaller, measuring 90 x 36 x 32mm compared to the X2's 90 x 71 x 32mm. In the coming months, an aluminum case will be offered as an optional alternative to the current ABS plastic case, which would expand the dimensions to or 95 x 35 x 41mm and 95 x 71 x 41mm, respectively. DIN-rail mounting is available for both.
Further information
No pricing was provided for the Moduino X1 or X2, but they are currently available for order for 25 percent off — despite the fact that only renders, rather than finished product photos, are shown. More information may be found on Techbase's Moduino product page.
Matthew Handrahan Editor-in-Chief Friday 20th February 2015 Share this article Share
Brianna Wu's Giant Spacekat has withdrawn from PAX East due to fears about the safety of the company's employees.
Wu was the target of harassment in October last year, forcing her and her husband to abandon their home when it became clear that the perpetrators knew where she lived. In a blog post published yesterday, Wu made it clear that the threats have not stopped since then; specifically, her life has been threatened some 46 times in the last 5 months
"They often target me by name," Wu wrote. "The most frightening ones say who, what, where, why and when I will be murdered... Despite the credibility of those threats, and despite attempts by one of these criminals to follow through on his violent threats, very little has been accomplished by law enforcement towards the goal of apprehending these criminals."
"In a crowd of such a volume expected at PAX, the safety of our team can not be guaranteed"
Given the difficulty of truly understanding the intent behind each one, threats of this kind remain a very real concern long after they are received. With PAX East fast approaching, and "two of our most serious threats" originating from the Massachusetts area, Wu decided to take a vote among the team planning to attend. The results have left Wu with no choice but to withdraw.
"I've very difficult conversations with my husband about standing up to Gamergate, despite the death threats," Wu continued. "We don't have children, and we feel strongly enough about this issue to accept this risk. Our lives are our own, this is our choice.
"I cannot and will not make that choice for the people I work with... After talking to them, I made the decision to prioritize the safety of Giant Spacekat's employees. Specifically, we have chosen to withdraw our presence from the Pax East 2015 Expo Hall, due to a concern that in a crowd of such a volume expected at PAX, the safety of our team can not be guaranteed."
Wu also expressed frustration with the difficulty in establishing clear lines of communication with PAX about security at the event. Three calls on the matter were not returned, she claimed, though PAX has made contact since Giant Spacekat went public with its decision to withdraw.
"PAX is a big event, and I'm certain it was not a conscious decision on their part to ignore us," she said, noting that her conversations with PAX since have reassured her about being at the how in 2016. "Attending in 2016 will be a different story. I think the PAX Enforcers are awesome, and I think it's a safe event in general for people."
After her experiences since she became a target at the peak of GamerGate last year, Wu fully expects for her claims to be undermined by certain figures within the gaming community. For those people, she had prepared a document responding to the most obvious criticisms of her position.
Imagine yourself at age 49. You're successful in your chosen profession, working steadily, able to make a living and help put food on the table for your spouse and two kids. Things are calm and content. At least on the surface.
Then you discover you can't see as well as you could. You have trouble seeing the lines that once were as clear to your eyes as the hands that drew them. You find that you're working slower than you ever have before and that your highly professional work isn't of the same level of quality of your previous work.
It's terrifying, right?
That's what happened to comic artist Phil Hester last year. A veteran of the comics industry with a line of credits dating back to the early 1990s, Hester discovered he was losing his vision after having a separate scare about his heart. No wonder he calls this last year the “worst year of my life professionally.”
I had the opportunity to speak to Hester about his health, the importance of health insurance, and the painful question of how vision loss can lead to existential questions about life. Hester was honest about the stress he went through and offers a caution to anybody who earns their living as a freelancer.
Hester recollected, “I had idiopathic cardiomyopathy. My heart was functioning at about 30% of what a normal heart functions. Since I was morbidly obese at the time, everyone assumed, ‘oh you've got blockages, we need to get in there and put a stent in there,' and they got in there and found out I didn't have any blockages since in fact I have low cholesterol. So there's a good news, bad news thing. ‘Hey, good news, you don't have any plaque in your arteries. Bad news, we don't know why your heart works so poorly.'
“Thankfully I never spent the night anywhere,” he continued, “but just the cardiac catheterization to diagnose me, it was like a $25,000 procedure. Subsequently I lost a lot of weight and went on a lot of medications and now that issue is pretty much resolved. They're probably never going to find out why it happened, they think maybe a virus. But still, even with my great insurance, that still cost me a lot of money. With my copays and my deductibles, it was still like if I didn't have a little cushion built up, a little savings cushion, it would have been devastating.”
There are important lessons in Hester's situation, about taking care of your health and managing your family's long-term financial needs. His situation reminds us of the importance of getting health insurance and of protecting yourself as a responsible member of your family.
As he was dealing with his heart problems, Hester also realized his eyes were causing him terrible problems. “I started to notice this weird effect in my vision where glare, like sunlight, became very very oppressive to me,” he said. “I couldn't look directly at any bright sources of light, even like a light bulb, without having to look away. I ascribed it to one of my medications. That was a known side-effect of one of my heart medications, so I just chocked it up to that.”
But Hester's vision problems weren't caused by a simple drug interaction. Instead his vision difficulties came from a nasty syndrome called Fuchs' dystrophy, which over time turns a cornea into a lattice of edemas that fill and drain. They eventually become blisters that can cause blindness.
Hester pondered how his loss of vision affected his speed: “I noticed when I was 48 and 49 when I was drawing The Flash Season Zero and also working on The Thrilling Adventure Hour: Beyond Belief. Before this I had a reputation for being a pretty fast artist. And I was like, ‘Man, I'm going slow and I don't know why everything's taking so long, and I have to redraw things all the time'.
“I thought that maybe that's just part of getting old. Maybe I just don't have that stamina,” he continues. “Of course I ascribed some of that to my heart issue, and maybe I couldn't work so hard because I was fatigued. Then by the time I had finally seen a cornea specialist, I realized it took me so long to draw because I was not seeing things properly. I had to draw and redraw.
“As a result it took me a year to complete that Beyond Belief four-issue miniseries,” Hester clearly felt frustrated as he shared this story. “I feel terrible about that. Right when I was diagnosed I went to the editor and the publisher and Acker and Blacker [the hosts of Thrilling Adventure Hour] and said, look, if you guys want to move on from me, go ahead, because I have no idea if I'll even be able to draw comics in two or three months.
“Thankfully they stuck with me, they were like, you know what, we started with you, we're going to finish with you. They took a hit from that because Image is not happy with that. Image is on a ‘no more late books' pogrom, you know. They really don't want more late books. They weren't happy with that. But Acker and Blacker and my editor Nate Cosby stuck with me and I have to publicly thank them for that.” The relief in Hester's voice was almost palpable as he related this story.
“And recently … I had a partial cornea transplant three weeks ago now in one of my eyes. They do one eye at a time for safety sake, in case one rejects or in case one develops an infection they want you to have one functioning eye. Already I can see better. Already I can work more quickly than I did a year before. It's really been a godsend. I can't possibly express how thankful I am to the donor family and to the surgeons who not only gave me my sight back, I mean, they give people's sight back every day.”
Hester's gratitude continues: “They also gave me back my livelihood and a big chunk of my family's future. So it was a really important thing for me. I'm in the middle of another book a new book called Shipwreck with Warren Ellis from Aftershock. I drew the first half of it before my operation and I'm drawing the second half of the new issue now with my new cornea. I don't have that same intolerance to bright lights in that other eye and it helps me focus on things. I can't wait to get the other one done now.”
Which is great news for Hester and his fans alike. After working in comics for nearly thirty years, including long runs on Green Arrow, The Irredeemable Ant-Man, The Wretch, Swamp Thing and many more, Hester feels he is just starting to emerge into being the kind of artist he has always aspired to become.
“I always looked forward to [my 40s and 50s] because the artists that I truly admired, and art, at least in cartooning, it's one of those places that you don't really hit your peak until you're in your 40s, for most artists anyways.” Hester admitted. “There are outliers, there are certain people that peak in their 20s or whatever.
“But when I look at the guys that I think are, or gals that I think are real geniuses, like Toth or Eisner or Kirby or Ramona Fradon, they hit their 40s and 50s and were at their absolute peak. Some of those guys never came down. Joe Kubert never came down. It's one of those professions where you don't really have to step down. It's not like you're going to the hoop on a defender. You're dealing with your own skill set and thankfully art is something that's an accumulation of knowledge, both intellectual and muscle memory knowledge that just keeps building over time.
“So I never really had that fear that I was going to lose a step until I actually did. I didn't think that was going to happen to me. And once again, knowing it was physical instead of creative was kind of a relief to me. I'm glad that happened instead of me losing ‘the fire' or whatever. I still work the same.”
Just as important as professional satisfaction, though, is the ability to live a happy and secure life. That means taking care of yourself financially – something many freelancers neglect.
If Hester could share any bit of advice for a freelancer it's to get medical insurance, no matter how tough it is to afford: “I guess if I have a lesson to impart to anyone it's that insurance should be up there on your list. It should right behind the mortgage. Take a model a year behind on the phone if you have to, to pay insurance. Because we're in this kind of unjust society as it is, as it's composed right now in regards to healthcare, and you gotta watch out for yourself. It's like going into the open ocean without a lifejacket. You've got to make it a priority because you can lose everything overnight.”
He continued, “It's tough to explain that to somebody who is 24 because you're still in the immortal phase at 24. It's tough to explain to them that even if you take care of yourself, your body can betray you at some point and take away your livelihood. If we can all make it a priority, we have to.”
At this point Hester became even more passionate, with a call-out to all of us comics fans. “And I'd say to the people who are more fortunate, it's just a drop in the ocean but supporting things like the Hero Initiative is really important for your fellow cartoonists who haven't been as fortunate as you have, who unlike me see those rocks but can't steer away from them. They could use a little help.
“It's not like the Hero Initiative solves underlying problems a lot of these creators are facing but it can help to bear the minimum and like keep their lights on when they're really struggling. I do a lot of work for the Hero Initiative and I always have. It's a small way that people in this business who have succeeded can sort of buoy up those who maybe haven't quite reached that level of success…”
Hester began to reflect on the quirks of the comic business: “A funny aspect of our business is, a lot of the people who are successes on books created by people who didn't get to share in the financial success of those projects. I'm living that right now in terms of the Suicide Squad movie. There's a character I co-created that's featured in the film prominently called El Diablo. It's not like when John Ostrander and Luke McDonnell cooked up Suicide Squad, it's not like they had a creator agreement in place that's built in to pay them for the success of that project later. And John Ostrander, despite the fact that I think he's a brilliant writer, you don't see him writing Avengers right now. You can fall out of favor through no fault on your own. A lot of times, artists who are succeeding are standing squarely on the shoulders of artists who may still be struggling right now. And we sort of owe it to them to look after them a little bit.”
Phil Hester has added a lot to the comics medium over the years, from his early work for Majestic Entertainment, through his solidly professional work for Marvel, DC, Image and a host of other companies, and now to his personal renaissance.
Hester's situation should remind us how quickly and easily all of that experience can mean nothing. Just one heart issue or eye defect and a talented creator stops working and becomes forgotten. Through adversity comes wisdom. Hester reminds us of some important wisdom: take care of yourself, invest in health insurance. And most importantly, help each other. Below is a link to the Hero Initiative. Please consider donating a few dollars to them today.
heroinitiative.org
Sundays at Brooklyn Bridge Park's Pier 5 will no longer include Smorgasburg, as the mobile market is uprooting and moving to Prospect Park. Beginning on August 30th, the Sunday Smorg will take place at Breeze Hill in the park's eastern section. "We're sad to leave Brooklyn Bridge Park, but it's hard to complain when our new home is literally Brooklyn's backyard,” said Brooklyn Flea co-founder Eric Demby.
It turns out Brooklyn Bridge Park's fancy new redesigns are coming to Pier 5, which will be transformed into parkland likely opening in 2017. The market has been operating out of the area since 2012, beginning with the soon-to-be transformed Tobacco Warehouse and then moving over a year later to Pier 5.
The new site for Smorg, which'll operate through October 11th, will feature 100 vendors and plenty of spots to perch and enjoy them. Organizers promise a "leafy setting that includes a large, grassy, tree-shaded seating area" to nosh on Red Hook Lobster Pound, Big Mozz, Best Buds Burritos and other vendors both new and old.
Smorgasburg Prospect Park will take place each Sunday from 11 a.m. until 6 p.m. from August 30th through October 11th, and from 11 a.m. until 4 p.m. on Labor Day Weekend, Sunday, September 6th.
Tip-Off: 2:30 PM CT
Location: Chesapeake Energy Arena (Oklahoma City, OK)
Television: ABC
Radio: The Sports Animal
Twitter: Follow @TheThunderGuys for live-tweets during the game
The Thunder got off to another hot start in Game 3, but the Rockets would not go away as they battled back to retake a lead early in the third quarter on Friday night. Far too many times has Oklahoma City found itself in this same situation, and it typically ended in some type of meltdown loss. That was not the case on Friday. The Thunder stayed composed, and every time Houston threw something in their direction, Oklahoma City dished something right back. The game came down to a last-second shot, which James Harden missed, and the intensity that everyone wanted in this series started to come alive.
Oklahoma City looks to tie up the series at two games apiece, and in order to do so, they need to continue to make improvements as they have in each game so far. Harden and the Rockets will be prepared to do everything they can to avoid heading back to Houston with the series tied, and the Thunder absolutely do not want to head out of town trailing 3-1, so this game will likely come down to whoever is willing to step up and make hustle plays from start to finish. Here are a few areas that could use adjustments for Game 4.
Stay Out of Foul Trouble : For the second consecutive game, Oklahoma City struggled to keep Houston off of the free throw line. It is easy to blame officials, but when calls are not going your way, you have to adjust your strategy. The Thunder played some really good defense for most Game 3, and they need to keep up that intensity for Game 4, but still avoid unnecessary fouls. The Rockets shot 33 free throws, 18 of which came from Harden alone, while the Thunder shot only 23, with 6 of those coming from Russell Westbrook in the final 1:06 when Houston was trying to make a comeback. Hopefully the officiating for Game 4 will allow for the more physical game style that the Thunder likes to play, but if not, Oklahoma City needs to be focus on avoiding the ticky-tack fouls that Houston is so good at drawing opponents into.
: For the second consecutive game, Oklahoma City struggled to keep Houston off of the free throw line. It is easy to blame officials, but when calls are not going your way, you have to adjust your strategy. The Thunder played some really good defense for most Game 3, and they need to keep up that intensity for Game 4, but still avoid unnecessary fouls. The Rockets shot 33 free throws, 18 of which came from Harden alone, while the Thunder shot only 23, with 6 of those coming from Russell Westbrook in the final 1:06 when Houston was trying to make a comeback. Hopefully the officiating for Game 4 will allow for the more physical game style that the Thunder likes to play, but if not, Oklahoma City needs to be focus on avoiding the ticky-tack fouls that Houston is so good at drawing opponents into. Share the Ball : Russell Westbrook does a really good job at distributing the basketball when necessary, but one thing that helped fuel the Thunder to a win in Game 3 was their ability to move the ball as a team and find one another for quality shots. The Thunder finished with 24 assists, 11 coming from Westbrook, but 7 other players helped make up the other 13. Oklahoma City's offense is at its best when it is sharing the ball as opposed to playing isolation ball, and strategic ball movement will be key to putting up points against Houston in Game 4.
: Russell Westbrook does a really good job at distributing the basketball when necessary, but one thing that helped fuel the Thunder to a win in Game 3 was their ability to move the ball as a team and find one another for quality shots. The Thunder finished with 24 assists, 11 coming from Westbrook, but 7 other players helped make up the other 13. Oklahoma City's offense is at its best when it is sharing the ball as opposed to playing isolation ball, and strategic ball movement will be key to putting up points against Houston in Game 4. Finish Strong: The Thunder has made a bad habit lately out of melting down at the end of quarters, specifically at the end of the game. Houston has a high-powered offense that can score a lot of points in a short amount of time, so Oklahoma City cannot afford empty possessions and lackadaisical defense, specifically in crunch time. The Thunder needs to start off the game strong like they have for the most part during the series, and then they need to continue with that intensity until the final buzzer sounds.
Article written by Zack Low. Follow @TheThunderGuys on Twitter and Instagram.
Advertisements
Welcome to Clout Street: Morning Spin, our weekday feature to catch you up with what's going on in government and politics from Chicago to Springfield. Subscribe here.
Topspin
It's Halloween, that day of the year when kids dress up as their favorite Marvel superhero, "Walking Dead" zombie or Disney princess and ring neighborhood doorbells begging for candy and threatening pranks if they don't get any.
Against that backdrop of fun and tomfoolery comes Illinois Attorney General Lisa Madigan with a warning: check the state's sex offender registry before you head out to trick or treat.
“The number of known sex offenders throughout Illinois is extremely alarming, and they do not live in any one neighborhood or community; they live in every part of our state," Madigan said in a statement.
Lest you think that was a bit of alarmist hyperbole from the outgoing attorney general, her office included some stats: there are more than 30,200 registered sex offenders on the Illinois State Police's list, and more than 24,700 of those committed a crime against a child.
At any rate, state law bars sex offenders who committed a crime against a child from distributing candy or others items to children on Halloween.
What's on tap
*Mayor Rahm Emanuel will speak at the National Association of City Transportation Officials Annual Conference in the morning. Later, he'll announce a new scholarship program at Robert Morris University and in the evening take part in Halloween activities at two parks.
*Gov. Bruce Rauner is on a trade mission to Israel. That means he won't be at the Executive Mansion giving away candy while dressed as the Cat in the Hat, like in 2015.
*Chicago City Council budget hearings continue, with Streets and Sanitation Department the headliner, and Public Health and the License Appeal Commission on the undercard.
*Cook County budget hearings continue, with a 9 a.m. public session on board President Toni Preckwinkle's proposed 2018 spending plan. That's the one commissioner have to figure out how to cut $200 million from after repealing the pop tax earlier this month.
*An Illinois House committee is set to have a first hearing on House Speaker Michael Madigan's sexual harassment bill at the Bilandic Building.
*Democratic U.S. Rep. Luis Gutierrez is scheduled to speak to the City Club of Chicago. Watch a livestream around 8 a.m. here.
From the notebook
*Domestic violence time off: Mayor Emanuel on Monday backed providing one month's pay to city employees who are victims of domestic violence or sexual assault so it's easier for them to take time off to deal with related issues. Under state law, public workers are allowed up to three months of unpaid leave — which three city employees have used since the law went into effect three years ago.
The idea is to prevent workers from making “a false choice ... between seeking care and a paycheck,” Emanuel said. The city also aims to “lead by example” and encourage private sector employers to take similar steps, Emanuel said.
To make the change, the City Council would have to approve a new ordinance to be introduced by Emanuel and Ald. Matthew O'Shea, 19th. The measure also would require the city's Human Resources Department to provide training to heighten awareness and recognize signs of abuse. (Hal Dardick)
*Quick spins: The reappointment of attorney William F. Conlon as chairman of the Chicago Board of Ethics was approved without fanfare. Conlon had taken a strong stand on illegal lobbying violations found in Emanuel's emails, drew criticism, then backed off a bit late last week. ... Aviation Commissioner Ginger Evans gave aldermen an update on the foul-smelling, noise-reducing windows that some near Midway Airport have complained about. The city will test the windows, and there are 149 confirmed cases so far, Evans said.
*City Council free lunch: Monday's City Council budget buffet was sponsored by 25th Ward Ald. Danny Solis: a variety of tamales, flautas, enchiladas and two kinds of stew.
What we're writing
*Former Trump campaign adviser, DePaul alum from Chicago pleads guilty to lying to FBI in Mueller probe.
*Aldermen: Chicagoans fed up with TV filming inconveniences.
*Obamacare enrollment starts Wednesday, here's what you need to know.
*Illinois tourism office expands to Mexico and China.
*Another section of I-390 to open, but it still doesn't go from Elgin to O'Hare.
*Man pleads not guilty to pushing stranger onto CTA tracks in Loop.
The Post just had a rough few days. It was shut out of the 2012 Pulitzer Prizes, which were announced Monday. On the same day, journalists here had to accept or reject The Post's fifth buyout offer in nine years. The union representing newsroom workers says that at least 32 accepted, and probably more. And the prior Friday, a Post blogger, Elizabeth Flock, resigned.
I think that the most noteworthy event was the resignation of Flock, a woman in her mid-20s whose job was filling The Post's breaking news blog, called blogPost. It was designed to be about the national and international stories popular from hour to hour — trending — on the Internet.
Flock's job entailed some original reporting from Washington but a lot more of what we call “aggregation.” This is an imprecise term. At its best, aggregation can mean collecting stories on a topic from a variety of news outlets and directing readers toward them through Web links. At its worst, as Bill Keller, the former editor of the New York Times has written, it verges on theft.
In the middle, where most aggregation is, it is repackaging. A digital journalist reads a raft of stories on a given subject from different publications, summarizes and rewrites them in a bright way, provides links and, at The Post, adds a Washington angle. The goal is to surf the trend waves on the Internet, hoping to catch a few thousand page views as a story crests. It's cashing in on the passing popularity of a story even if you don't have a reporter covering it.
BlogPost was supposed to attain 1 million to 2 million Web hits a month, Flock said, a huge number. On many days Flock was the only reporter filing for blogPost. Last month, she averaged 5.9 blog posts per day. These are not 100-word briefs but often 500-word summaries of complicated news events that ranged from the killing of Trayvon Martin to the use of pink slime in ground beef to the impact of general strikes in Spain.
Flock made two mistakes in the past four months, which earned her two tough editor's notes disavowing her actions.
She did a roundup on Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney allegedly using an old Ku Klux Klan slogan in his stump speech — a story that went viral online yet was untrue — and she didn't call the Romney campaign for comment, nor did any editor make sure she did. And on April 13, she aggregated a story trending online about life on Mars. Scientists reexamining data collected from the 1976 Viking lander on the red planet concluded that there might be bacterial life there.
Flock says that in haste she read about 10 stories about Mars life, including some of the research papers, and forgot to credit and link to the originator of the story, Discovery News. It appears that she copied, pasted and slightly rewrote two paragraphs from the Discovery story. Plagiarism perhaps, but also a perpetual danger in aggregated stories.
After Discovery News raised objections, Flock resigned voluntarily. She said that the mistakes were hers. She said it was only a matter of time before she made a third one; the pressures were just too great.
But The Post failed her as much as she failed The Post. I spoke with several young bloggers at The Post this week, and some who have left in recent months, and they had the same critique.
They said that they felt as if they were out there alone in digital land, under high pressure to get Web hits, with no training, little guidance or mentoring and sparse editing. Guidelines for aggregating stories are almost nonexistent, they said. And they believe that, even if they do a good job, there is no path forward. Will they one day graduate to a beat, covering a crime scene, a city council or a school board? They didn't know. So some left; others are thinking of quitting.
Katharine Zaleski, executive director of digital news, said that bloggers are made aware of The Post's high standards: “We're deeply conscious of the imperatives our bloggers face and go to great lengths to ensure they have the editorial support they need. We tell bloggers that their first and central priority is accuracy, not speed, not buzziness. The Washington Post's standards apply every bit as much to our digital work as they do to our print edition. And our bloggers honor that.”
The Post lets go nearly three dozen veterans in the newsroom to cut costs, and it falls short in cultivating its young and future talent. No, not a good few days.
Now The Post, also this week, announced a new program to cross-train journalists — digital journalists will learn the ways of street reporters, and reporters will learn the ways of digital and social media. This is an excellent, and overdue, idea.
But it comes too late for Elizabeth Flock and some of her young and promising colleagues.
Patrick B. Pexton can be reached at 202-334-7582 or at ombudsman@washpost.com.
Image copyright Shaweesh/Gharem Studio Image caption Shaweesh said he included Yoda because, like King Faisal, he was "wise, strong and calm"
Saudi Arabia's education minister has apologised for the production of a school textbook in which the Star Wars character Yoda is seen superimposed on a photograph of the late King Faisal.
Ahmed al-Issa said a committee was looking into the "unintended mistake".
The image, which shows the diminutive Jedi Master sitting beside King Faisal as he signs the UN Charter in 1945, was created by the Saudi artist Shaweesh.
He told the BBC it was not yet clear how it had ended up in the textbook.
However, he stressed that he had meant no offence to the king, who helped transform Saudi Arabia into a modern state and an actor on the world stage.
"Everyone loves King Faisal here, even the younger generations," he said.
Sorry, this Twitter post is currently unavailable.
The 2013 artwork, entitled United Nations (Yoda), is part of a series in which symbols of American pop culture - ranging from Captain America to Darth Vader - are superimposed onto archive photos of historical events.
The initial inspiration, Shaweesh said, was a photograph of the late Egyptian President Anwar Sadat standing beside Mickey Mouse during a visit to Disneyland.
Image copyright Saudi Ministry of Education Image caption The artwork featured in a section about the United Nations in a social studies textbook
He said he included Yoda in the photo of King Faisal - who was then serving as his father Ibn Saud's foreign envoy - because they were both "wise, strong and always calm".
Shaweesh said some critical comments had been made about his artwork after the textbook's publication, but most had been directed towards the education ministry.
"Someone should have checked the image before printing," he added.
As recently as the mid-aughts, Tim & Eric were just a couple of guys you once heard your Pasadena hair stylist mention as her poker night friends whose TV show just got picked up by Adult Swim. Now Tim (Heidecker) & Eric (Wareheim) are the household names of cutting edge scatology and anti-comedy. After the run of their first show Tom Goes To The Mayor, their second series Tim & Eric Awesome Show, Great Job! assaulted willing audiences with a cacophony of unsettling characters in uncomfortable positions. Inspired by cable access, infomercials, local news, and the horribleness of everyday life in America, the show is adored by fans who loved the subverted and mocked expectations and remains unwatchable for those who don't quite get it.
Fans and nonbelievers can both look forward to the newest Tim & Eric joint, Tim & Eric's Bedtime Stories, which premieres Sept. 18 on Adult Swim. An anthology show in the vein of The Twilight Zone, Bedtime Stories tells a different unnerving tale each episode. The production values are higher, and the pace is slower, and in many ways it seems more straightforward than their previous successes, but those essential Tim & Eric elements (rotting meat shots, inexplicable facial hair) remain very much intact. Much like Awesome Show, the new series presents an opportunity to be simultaneously delighted and disturbed.
SF Weekly: Your new show, Tim & Eric's Bedtime Stories, is a bit of a departure from Awesome Show, Great Job! It's less outwardly zany, and it's more traditional format-wise.
Tim Heidecker: We're getting older and sort of following our guts, versus the kind of shows we were making, about what is going to be appropriate for the kind of stories we want to tell and the kind of shows we want to make. We don't want to get pigeonholed by the perception that we just do these lo-fi weirdo things. We're diverse guys who like to try new things.
In a recent interview you said about the new show that it won't make people feel good. You even refer to it as a "punishment for living in a shit world." Was that a conscious intention, to punish?
Yeah, we're like S&M guys. No, no, nothing like that can ever be too conscious. It's a feeling I think we all have. I think that's in all of our work really, that sort of attitude, that thinking. It didn't really occur to me until I started watching what we were doing. And it's sort of only then you can step back and see what you're up to.
Awesome Show, Great Job! provokes laughter I think sometimes because it's so loud, wild, or strange. Bedtime Stories, from what I have seen, certainly has those same elements, but it's more subdued. Is the goal of the new show still to make people laugh? Make them laugh in different ways?
I think in the new show we're less conscious about where laughs might happen. There's going to be things we laugh at that are maybe different than what an audience might laugh at. But we're looking for people to be engaged and involved in watching the stories in a way that is different than Awesome Show, which has more jokes and a different pace, different viewing experience. They're meant to be broken up into little pieces. Obviously Bedtime Stories can't be. Certain scenes could work on their own but generally it's like, sit down, we're going to tell you a story. It's a nightmare. It's a real nightmare. You're going to laugh, but you're going to feel weird afterwards. You're probably going to have to watch some Seinfeld or something to palate-cleanse before you go to bed.
Have you always been interested in horror and speculative fiction?
I don't look at it as horror in the sense of slasher movies. More like Roman Polanski, Alfred Hitchcock, David Lynch. Uncomfortableness, suspense, something off, something wrong. Coen Brothers. Psychological tension and drama with humor and strangeness.
The plots, the endings of the first two episodes, make me wonder whether there's any sense of hope in the worldview that's shaped this show?
Well no, there's not much hope. There are certainly less dark episodes in the run. But there are consequences for these characters in the show, things happen to them. And in 11 minutes there's not a lot of room for redemption.
Where did you find inspiration for these episodes?
They all come from a real place. In the "Toes" episode, it came from thinking about plastic surgery and seeing signs all over L.A. for freezing your face and doing all kinds of insane things. That kind of makes you start thinking, for whatever reason, how sad it would be to be a podiatrist. Just seeing feet every day. And people's cosmetic neuroses they have about themselves. There aren't too many stories from my own life, they're based on just being around in the world. There's an episode we have with Jason Schwartzman. I was in Australia, and there was this big glamorous watch ad with Leonardo DiCaprio. And it was sort of, why would he do this? What is the point of spending any time sitting in a studio? I wonder if they could've just like, drugged him and done that. That would be kind of cool, if they just went up to Tom Cruise, like, "I'll give you a million dollars if you just take this pill, and we can use your body to take pictures and we'll return you, and you'll never know the difference." We were just joking around about that, then it became an episode of the show.
I love the "Toes" episode, the final scene. Did you have that final scene in mind when you began that episode?
It's like Jaws, when Richard Dreyfuss opens up the shark. That's what I was thinking about. That we would be gutting this guy; the joke, the humor is that he's being treated like an animal. Like it's just a big fish, and you expect the license plate to come out there, you know? We had this joke that got cut, I thought it was pretty funny, but it wasn't funny in the show, it didn't play, but the boy was going to lean down and pick up a piece of paper and go, "Hey look, my dad ate my homework!" That was an alternate ending in the script, and we got a better ending we put in there. But just this idea of callous disrespect for the human body that we have. A dead guy is a piece of meat filled with homework and toes.
I laughed really hard at that ending.
There you go, so it's a comedy.
You have a live show coming around that's unrelated. Can you give an idea what that will be like?
If you've seen us before, it's just sketches and songs and routines and we try to put together a real spectacular sort of Broadway show that we do every night. And Steve Brule's [John C. Reilly] going to come out and give a TED talk. We're just trying to make a fun two hours for our lovely fans.
If given an opportunity to brag, what would you brag about?
I'm proud of myself and my wife for celebrating my daughter's first birthday this weekend. So I've kept a human being alive for a year.
Because Rarity is best ponyI wanted to try a new method, for making wallpapers. I used Adobe Illustrator to make the orb, Photoshop to lay everything out and Adobe After Effects for the lens flare. Either way, it was a productive way to kill an hour of spare time I had.Please comment (Nicely) on what you think of this wallpaper.EQD Wallpaper Compilation #19Adobe Illustrator CS5.5Adobe Photoshop CS5.5Adobe After Effects CS5.5Knolls Light Factory 3.0NeouCheerful Rarity | Silentmatten | [link] Stylish Rarity | Silentmatten | [link] Regal Rarity | Silentmatten | [link] Cutie Mark | Silentmatten | Personal ResourceFollow my Tumblr for updates and sneak peaks to what is soon to come! I also have a Facebook page, come check me out there as well!Copyright owned by Hasbro and DHX Media.
While Fremantle also has an interest in Goddard, is coached by his former mentor Ross Lyon - under whom he flourished - and has the salary cap space, it is understood that the two-time All-Australian has a preference for remaining in Victoria. This puts the Bombers at the head of the pack if he is unable to come to terms with St Kilda or if the Saints decide not to match a rival club's bid.
Carlton, long speculated to have had an interest in Goddard, has ruled itself out of the running for the Saint, who is 27 and became a restricted free agent this year.
Goddard has expressed a wish to remain with the Saints and has even been touted as the next captain after Nick Riewoldt, but it is unclear how far the Saints will go if he receives a significantly better offer from another club. Obviously, any decision to go to another club such as Essendon would be based on an assessment of that club and its prospects, not simply money.
The Bombers might lose Angus Monfries to Port Adelaide via free agency and while they have repeatedly said that their priority is to retain players, they are capable of creating space in their salary cap, perhaps by list changes, to sign a significant player such as Goddard.
Goddard is by no means the only free agent or uncontracted player who the Bombers have shown an interest in as they seek to address their need for class and skill
Published: Monday, May 15, 2017 @ 1:59 AM
An eastern Ohio officer was revived with four doses of Narcan after he accidentally came into contact with fentanyl during a traffic stop and overdosed.
>> Read more trending stories
Patrolman Chris Green of the East Liverpool Police Department responded to a traffic stop Friday evening, after officers blocked in a vehicle they believed was involved in a drug transaction, according to CBS affiliate WKBN-TV in Youngstown.
“We think they were trying to flee, but they were blocked in,” East Liverpool Capt. Patrick Wright told the station. “Once they got blocked in, they tried to dispose of the evidence in the vehicle.”
>> Fentanyl delivered through the mail
“There was white powder on the seat, on the floor, on the guys' shoes and on his clothing.”
Police arrested both the driver and passenger in the vehicle, identified as 25-year-old Justin Buckle, of East Liverpool, and 24-year-old Cortez Collins, of Cleveland, and searched the vehicle.
WKBN-TV reports after Green conducted the search and returned to the police station, a fellow officer noticed Green had white powder on his shirt.
“Just out of instinct, he tried to brush is off — not thinking,” Wright said.
>> What is fentanyl and how does it kill?
An hour later, Green passed out in the police station, suffering from a suspected overdose from the white powder, which police believe was fentanyl. Police said fentanyl can enter the body simply through contact with the skin.
“They called an ambulance for [Green] and the ambulance responded for him,” Wright said. “They gave him one dose of Narcan here and then transported him to East Liverpool City Hospital, where they gave him three additional doses of Narcan.”
Wright told the station Green was “fine” as of Sunday.
>> Stark numbers show heroin's local grip
Wright added the incident is an example of how the drug epidemic has forced officers to change the aspects of their jobs.
“We changed our procedures to where we used to field-test drugs,” Wright said. “We don't do that any longer because of accidental exposures.”
The suspects, Buckle and Collins, have been charged with tampering with evidence.
East Liverpool, Ohio is located on the Ohio-Pennsylvania border and is about 40 miles south of Youngstown.
OTHER TRENDING STORIES
Pike County Killings: SWAT team searches for evidence in Rhoden family slayings
Officials piece together events before nursing home shooting
Latest on I-75 wrong-way crash, fiery explosion
For updates and more news click here to download our free apps.
By Steve Goddard
El Niño made it's last gasp this week. Note that SST's in the equatorial Pacific went from above normal to below normal during the past few days.
http://www.ncdc.noaa.gov/oa/climate/research/sst/plots.php
Is there a La Niña on the way? Most of the models said no in April, though it appears they may be already wrong – given that they forecast positive ENSO through the summer. Two models forecast a very strong La Niña.
http://www.cpc.noaa.gov/products/analysis_monitoring/enso_advisory/ensodisc.pdf
The last El Niño to La Niña transition occurred in 2007, and caused a sharp drop in GISS global temperatures.
http://www.woodfortrees.org/plot/gistemp/from:2006.9/to:2008.1
Most of the US had a miserably cold winter during the recently deceased El Niño. It is not pleasant to think what a cold La Niña winter might bring.
http://www.hprcc.unl.edu/maps/current/index.php?action=update_userdate&daterange=DJF&year=10
Here was my prediction from February, 2010 :
Flashback to 2007 – SST To Plunge Again?
Advertisements
Share this: Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
NEW DELHI: They are on death row even after the Supreme Court admitted — not once but thrice — that the decisions awarding death sentences had been rendered per incurium (in ignorance). The miscarriage of justice has prompted 14 retired judges of the SC and high courts across the country to appeal to President Pranab Mukherjee to turn the capital punishment imposed on nine persons into life sentence.Led by former SC judge P B Sawant, the 14 retired judges signed up separate letters to the President pointing out that the death sentences given to these nine persons by various two-judge benches of the SC were “contrary to the binding dictum of rarest of rare” propounded in the 1980 five-judge bench verdict in Bachan Singh vs State of Punjab.The Bachan Singh prescription of weighing the circumstances relating to “the crime as well as the criminal” before pronouncing a death penalty was disregarded for the first time in 1995 in Ravji Ram Chandra vs State of Rajasthan where a two-judge bench ruled that it was “the nature and gravity of the crime but not the criminal, which are germane for consideration of appropriate punishment in a criminal trial.”The Ravji approach of focusing on the aggravating circumstances (namely, the crime) at the expense of the mitigating circumstances (namely, the criminal) served as a precedent to at least six judgments, leading to the hanging of Ravji in 1996 and Surja Ram the following year. The erosion of the rarest-of-rare doctrine was finally decried by the SC in 2009 in Santosh Bariyar vs State of Maharashtra, followed by two more such correctives in 2010 and 2011. Earlier this year, the then President, Pratibha Patil , accepting the then home minister P Chidamabaram's recommendation, commuted the death sentence to life in two of the seven cases, which had been guided by the Ravji verdict rather than the Bachan Singh verdict.Responding to a campaign launched by human rights lawyer Yug Mohit Chaudhry, the 14 retired judges, who include five former chief justices of HCs, wrote to the President to commute the capital punishment in the remaining five cases involving nine persons. The appeals from the retired judges were sent to the President on Friday. With the change of guard in the home ministry, all pending mercy petitions from death penalty convicts are due to be considered afresh by the new home, Sushilkumar Shinde.In their appeals, the retired judges took pains to clarify that none of the cases in question involved crimes against the state. Further, the concerns raised in their appeals have nothing to do with the larger debate about the desirability of retaining the death sentence.“Rather they pertain to the administration of the death penalty in a conscientious, fair and just manner,” the ex-judges said. “Executions of persons wrongly sentenced to death will severely undermine the credibility of the criminal justice system. This matter goes to the very heart of our Constitution because it involves the taking of lives by the state on the basis of judgments admitted being erroneous by the Supreme Court.” Those who signed these unprecedented appeals also include Justices A P Shah, B A Khan, Bilal Nazki, P K Misra, S N Bhargava, B H Marlapalle, B G Kolse-Patil, Hosbet Suresh, Prabha Sridevan, K P Sivasubramaniam, Ranvir Sahai Verma, P C Jain and Panachand Jain.
Montgomery County police have confirmed two people died, several others are still unaccounted for and more than 30 people were transported to the hospital after an explosion and three-alarm fire at a Silver Spring apartment complex.
An apartment building on Piney Branch Road, in Silver Spring, after a fire and explosion just before midnight. (WTOP/Dennis Foley)
Montgomery County police have confirmed two people died, several others are still unaccounted for and more than 30 people were transported to the hospital after an explosion and three-alarm fire at a Silver Spring apartment complex.
WASHINGTON — Emergency crews recovered two bodies from the rubble of the Flower Branch Apartments in Silver Spring, Maryland, Thursday afternoon after an explosion and three-alarm fire tore through the apartment complex in the overnight hours.
The victims have not yet been identified, and several other people believed to reside in the apartments are still unaccounted for, Montgomery County Police Assistant Chief Russ Hamill told reporters during a Thursday news conference.
Police are now trying to identify and locate all residents of the building and have asked anyone with that information to contact Montgomery County police by dialing 311. People with information who live outside the county can call 240-777-0311.
In the initial hours after the explosion, fire officials said five to seven people were missing, although during the Thursday news conference they declined to provide an update on the number of apartment residents still unaccounted for.
More than 30 residents taken to the hospital
The cause of the explosion and the blaze — the sequence of events is still unclear — remains under investigation. Hamill said police Thursday afternoon were not prepared to discuss any causes of the incident and that detectives couldn't even enter the building until it could be shored up.
Fire crews and police were called to the Flower Branch Apartments, two four-story apartment buildings at 8701 and 8703 Piney Branch Rd., near University Boulevard, shortly before midnight on Wednesday.
Montgomery County Fire and Rescue Service Division Chief David Steckel said “multiple rescues” were made at the scene. Residents described people trapped on balconies and one witness said he saw a man tossing a baby to people on the ground. Emergency crews took 31 residents to hospitals with various injuries, as well as three firefighters with minor injuries, said Montgomery County Fire and Rescue Service Division Chief David Steckel.
Debris from the explosion was blown across the street, damaging other buildings.
The building at 8701 partially collapsed, according to fire officials. Steckel said Thursday it remained in “extremely dangerous condition.”
Cause of explosion, blaze still unknown
Fire investigators have been interviewing residents to try to determine the sequence of events before and after the blaze. It's not known yet whether the explosion or the fire came first. The ATF is also taking part in the investigation.
Fire Chief Scott Goldstein said there had not been any reports of the odor of natural gas before the explosion, although residents told reporters they did smell natural gas Wednesday night. Firefighters responded to calls about a gas smell at the apartment complex on July 25, said Montgomery County Executive Ike Leggett.
The buildings have natural gas furnaces in each unit, and a gas cooktop in each unit. The building did not have washer or dryer equipment.
Hamill said police have no “leading theory” about what caused the explosion.
Piney Branch Road and Arliss Road were expected to remain closed for the rest of the day, and about 90 displaced residents had taken shelter at the nearby Long Branch Community Center. Family reunification at the community center will end at 8 p.m. Thursday and resume Friday at 8 a.m., according to a Montgomery County tweet.
“A lot of these folks are shellshocked,” said Chuck Chrisostomo, of the county's Office of Emergency Management and Homeland Security. “There were some scary moments.”
County councilman Tom Hucker says that Red Cross staff at the community center are logging in the contact information for anyone who shows up there. If you're looking for someone, that's the place to go, he said.
The community center says all regular classes, programs and activities scheduled for Thursday have been canceled.
Smoke rising from explosion in Silver Spring. #WTOP pic.twitter.com/1Ph7h1pWZ3 — Nick Iannelli (@NickWTOP) August 11, 2016
WTOP's Kristi King, Jack Moore, Rick Massimo, Nick Iannelli, Dennis Foley, Keara Dowd, Teta Alim and Neal Augenstein contributed to this report.
Follow @WTOP on Twitter and like us on Facebook.
© 2016 WTOP. All Rights Reserved.
The Fantasy Football season arrives at a crossroads in Week 5. An incredible 14 NFL teams are below the .500 mark on the year. This edition of 50 Shades of Fantasy Football takes a close look at those teams that are currently 1-3 or 0-4.
One of my favorite scenes from any sports movie is Al Pacino's “Inches” speech from Any Given Sunday. His character, Tony D'Amato, addresses his football team in a pregame speech centered around the importance of coming together as a team before their season is destroyed. This week, there are 14 NFL teams that are in need of hearing that speech and heeding it's warning. History shows us that 97 percent of teams that start 1-4 fail to make the playoffs. The last team to do so? The 2002 Jets who finished 9-7 and won the AFC East.
The Cleveland Browns face an even bigger challenge this week. No team in NFL history has ever started the season 0-5 and made the playoffs. Their obstacle this week is clearly the most daunting, as the Browns face the New England Patriots with Tom Brady returning at quarterback.
Oh yes, things are quite tense in Week 5.
This week in “50 Shades of Fantasy Football,” we take a look at key fantasy players on those teams in desperate need of a win. Specifically, we focus on those flashes of brilliance that will be a precluded of great things to come. To these players, their team's current sub .500 record doesn't matter. The players you will read about always continue to “keep fighting for that inch.”
To paraphrase coach D'Amato:
In Fantasy Football, we fight for that inch
We tear ourselves, and everyone around us
to pieces for that inch.
We CLAW with our player research for that inch.
Because we know
when we add up all those inches
that's going to make the difference
between WINNING and LOSING
between a FANTASY TITLE and DYING.
Here are your inches for Week 5!
In its chronic stage, schizophrenia is typically marked by a dearth of links between brain cells in the prefrontal cortex, the region of the brain responsible for higher-order thinking. However, a new study by Yale and Chinese researchers shows that the onset of the disease — usually in the early 20s — is marked by an abnormal spike in neural connections.
The surprising finding, published in the Jan. 7 issue of The Journal of Neuroscience, suggests new strategies for treatment during early stages of the illness that afflicts 20 million people worldwide with debilitating delusions, hallucinations, disorganized thinking, and cognitive deficits.
“After the first episode at least, it appears that is not the lack of brain signals that produces abnormal internal states in schizophrenia but instead excessive communication,” said Alan Anticevic, assistant professor of psychiatry and lead author on the paper.
Most schizophrenia research focuses on individuals who have been afflicted for many years. The Yale team, in conjunction with colleagues at the Huaxi Magnetic Resonance Research Center at Sichuan University in China, analyzed fMRI data from 129 unmedicated individuals who had recently experienced their first psychotic episode but had not yet undergone treatment.
As predicted by a sophisticated mathematical model developed with researchers at New York University, the Yale team found that when compared to healthy controls newly diagnosed schizophrenia patients had heightened connectivity in the prefrontal cortex relative to a healthy comparison group. Intriguingly, note the researchers, this “hyper-connectivity” subsided in those subjects who were studied and received treatment over the following year. The patients also showed a decrease in psychotic symptoms.
Anticevic cautioned it is unclear whether the excess of connectivity causes symptoms of schizophrenia or whether this neural “signature” is the result of some other process, such as fever is a response to infection. If further research establishes this link then individuals during early-stage schizophrenia might benefit from drugs that can minimize the abnormal spike in neural communication, notes Anticevic.
His lab is also studying why individuals with chronic schizophrenia exhibit cognitive and neural deficits in later stages of the disease and how they may differ from those during incipient stages of the illness. He notes that during late teen years, a heightened period of risk for psychosis, the brains of young adults are pruning unneeded synaptic connections. He speculated that an initial failure in this process could set off a cascade of events that unmask neurodevelopmental abnormalities that had been present since birth.
Xinyu Hu and Su Lui are co-lead authors of the paper. Qiyong Gong is senior author.
Primary funding for the research was provided by the National Natural Science Foundation of China and the National Institutes of Health.
Sumerian King List
In Ur: Royal Inscr. 268 was published the inscription which I should now transcribe nin-TUR nin; dam mes-an-ni-pdd-da; i.e. 'the lady NIN-TUR^, wife of Mesannipadda' ; from a seal (U. 8981) found loose in the stratum between the Sargonid and the older part of the cemetery. Mesannipadda is naturally assumed to be the king of that name who founded the First Dynasty. In 1928/9 it appeared that a stratum of rubbish was laid down above the older cemetery during (probably) the First Dynasty. In 1929/30 the stratum SIS I was discovered and named, and determined by the excavator to be, together with SIS II, continuous with the dividing stratum that elsewhere divides the lower cemetery from the upper. In SIS I was a seal-impression containing the inscription \ine\s-an-ni-pdd-da; lugal kis^'; dam-nu-gig'^ [Woolley 1994:312].
Stele of Vultures
Conclusion
Bulliet, Richard W., Pamela Kyle Crossley, Daniel R. Headrick, Lyman L. Johnson, and Steven W. Hirsch. 2008 The Earth and Its Peoples: A Global History, Volume I. Houghton Mifflin Company, Boston.
Houghton Mifflin Company, Boston. Collins, Paul. 1994 The Sumerian goddess Inanna (3400.2200 BC). Institute of Archaeology, UCL , Los Angeles.
, Los Angeles. Hess, Richard S. (editor) and David Toshio Tsumura (editor).1994 I Studied Inscriptions From Before The Flood: Ancient Near Eastern, Literary, and Linguistic approaches to Genesis 1-11, Volume 4 . Einsenbrauns, Inc. Winona Lake.
Volume 4 Einsenbrauns, Inc. Winona Lake. Kramer, Samuel N. 1963 The Sumerians: their history, culture, and character. University of Chicago Press, Chicago.
University of Chicago Press, Chicago. Moorey, P.R.S 1977 What do we know about the people buried in the Royal Cemetery? Penn Museum Documents and Publication. Accessed February 18, 2011.
Accessed February 18, 2011. Pollock, Susan. 1999 Ancient Mesopotamia . Cambridge University Press, Cambridge .
. Cambridge University Press, Cambridge Russell, Jan, J. (editor). 2008 They Lived to Tell the Tale: True Stories of Modern Adventure from the Adventurers Club . The Explorers Club. Lyon's Press, Guilford.
. The Explorers Club. Lyon's Press, Guilford. Spielvogel, Jackson J. 2009 Western Civilization, Volume 1: To 1715 , Seventh Edition . Thomson Higher Education. Belmont.
Volume 1: To 1715 . Thomson Higher Education. Belmont. Ward, William, H. 1910 The Seal Cylinders of Western Asia . Carnegie Institute of Washington, Washington D.C.
. Carnegie Institute of Washington, Washington D.C. Woolley, C.L. 1934 Ur Excavations: The Royal Cemetery. A Report on the Predynastic and Sargonid Graves Excavated Between 1926 and 1931, Volume II . British Museum and The University of Pennyslyvania. Oxford University Press, London.
. British Museum and The University of Pennyslyvania. Oxford University Press, London. Stele of Vultures pictures.
Mask of Warka picture. BBC
Leonard Woolley
Royal Tomb photo © Answers in Genesis
Sumerian King List photo © Christina Mina
The project was conceived by the artists and commissioned by the Oakland Standard to capture the complexity of the Occupy Oakland movement and to document a moment of social unrest that will have historical resonance in Oakland and beyond.
Artist Statement:
Portraits from the Occupation grew out of our interest in two of OMCA's current exhibitions: All of Us or None: Social Justice Posters of the San Francisco Bay Area and The 1968 Exhibit. “What can we do in Oakland today,” we wondered, “that we wish had been done in Oakland, back in 1968?”
We think of the resulting video portraits—of activists, organizers, businesspeople, elected officials, and others associated, in one way or another, with Occupy Oakland—as a series of time capsules. Together, they capture a cross-section of the ideas and personalities in play, even as some of the events under discussion are still unfolding.
We began with six interview subjects. Shortly afterward, we doubled our initial list of participants, then expanded it again. Representatives of the Oakland Police Department, and the police union, declined our invitations to participate, as did the editors of Adbusters magazine, which issued the original call for Occupy Wall Street.
We asked each participant four basic questions:
1. How did you become involved with Occupy Oakland?
2. How has Occupy Oakland been good and/or bad for the Oakland?
3. Given the benefit of hindsight, what are some of the things that Occupy Oakland and/or the City of Oakland could or should have done differently?
4. What's next (or, what do you hope is next) for Occupy Oakland and the City of Oakland?
A few phrases appear and reappear in these interviews: "First eviction” refers to the early-morning clearing of tents and protestors at City Hall Plaza in Downtown Oakland on October 25, 2011. The plaza was reoccupied almost immediately, and a “second eviction” took place on November 14, 2011, a few days after 25-year-old Kayode Ola Foster was shot and killed near the encampment.
“Move-in Day” refers to January 28, 2012, the day that activists tried to take over the Henry J. Kaiser Auditorium in Downtown Oakland. (By day's end, over 400 people had been arrested.)
“May Day” refers to May 1, 2012, which has been promoted as a day of mass action in the Bay Area. It's also the date that this project was launched online.
The videos are presented in the order in which they were recorded. Interviewees include: Susie Cagle, independent journalist; Leo Ritz-Barr, organizer/Occupy Oakland Events Committee; Philip Tagami, developer; Joshua Clover, professor/militant; Jean Quan, Mayor of Oakland; Christopher Moreland, Occupy Oakland Tactical Action Committee; Desley Brooks, City Council Member, District 6; Max Allstadt, carpenter/activist; Jesse Palmer, attorney/activist; Leila Seraphin, kitchen coordinator Occupy Oakland; Arturo Sanchez, Deputy City Administrator, City of Oakland; Alanna Rayford, business owner, Downtown Oakland; Katie Mitchell, retired postal worker/North Oakland homeowner, with her sister, Corine Gaston; Scott Olsen, Veterans for Peace; Ricardo Robles Gil, truck owner/operator at the Port of Oakland; Anthony Batts, Chief, Oakland Police Department (retired).
—Alex Abramovich and Lucy Raven
Ulbricht, left, with a friend. Image: filed in court by the defense
As Ross Ulbricht waits to hear if he will spend the rest of his life in prison for the creation of deep web marketplace Silk Road, the government has filed an order requesting he pay up a major fee equal to transactions that took place on the site.
In a memo on Thursday, government prosecutors imposed a money judgement against the Ulbricht equal to $183,961,921. They came to that number based on the transactional records from Silk Road showing the amount of illegal drug sales as $182,960,285 combined with the transactions for fake identification equal to $1,001,636.
The government contends Ulbricht is liable for all transactions on Silk Road because of the structure of the site.
"Silk Road automatically laundered all proceeds passing through its Bitcoin-based payment system, including by passing them through a 'tumbler' whose sole purpose was to obfuscate the source and nature of the funds," the government wrote. "Hence, Ulbricht is liable for a money judgment in the amount of all the criminal proceeds laundered through Silk Road, regardless of the extent he personally retained those funds."
Ulbricht will be required to pay the full amount of money, which is likely not dischargeable in bankruptcy, according to Braden Perry, partner in the Kansas City-based law firm of Kennyhertz Perry, LLC and former federal enforcement attorney.
"These types of fines are typical if the government can trace the funds to the illicit conduct," Perry said. "Selling the illicit goods online made it easy for the government to trace the funds."
The government noted that the pending civil forfeiture against Ulbricht, which includes the bitcoins found on his laptop at the time of his arrest, can be credited to the judgement. That includes 700,000 bitcoins, which were worth $13.4 million at the time of transactions but are worth $166,124,000 at current conversion rates.
That would leave Ulbricht with $17,837,921 left to pay up—not a negligible fee, especially when the 31-year-old and his family are struggling to gather funds for his appeal process.
Ulbricht faces a mandatory minimum of 20 years in prison and a maximum of life. He will be sentenced tomorrow at 1 PM in a New York courthouse.
In memory of Lil Peep, Former associate and closest friend before they part ways, Lil Tracy, continues to unveil previously unreleased material.
This time, the late artist's friend posted the official unreleased videoclip to the track “Cobain” that was shot last year as promotional footage for the “HellBoy” mixtape but only recently uploaded it. The song is titled after the celebrity, Peep's been the most compared to, we even referred to him in an early article as the Kurt Cobain of modern rap.
Silent in the first few days following the death of his GBC friend, Lil Tracy finally broke his silence and shared his emotions on social medias. Earlier yesterday, the unreleased video emerged on the web thanks to him.
A week after his death, the rapper is, sadly still a trending topic but the love is real. While there is no update about his potential executioner, Mariah Bons, the girl who allegedly provided the fentanyl laced Xanax which killed him, Police reported that the dead Rockstar took a nap which he will never wake up from.
We're pleased to announce the release of Tumult Hype 2.0 and the debut of a brand-new iOS app, Hype Reflect! Tumult Hype is our award-winning HTML5 animation builder for OS X which is widely used by leading designers for projects such as infographics, portfolios, children's books, and lots more. Its lightweight runtime makes it fast on mobile and ideal for ads.
Tumult Hype 2.0
Tumult Hype 2.0 is a major update with powerful new creative capabilities. This update contains many frequently requested features, including:
Instant iOS previews Audio actions Curved motion paths Web fonts Swipe and touch events Mobile options Enhanced Preview toolbar button Search engine visibility Ellipse and Rounded Rectangle shapes OS X technology adoption
Read more about what's new in Tumult Hype 2.0 and watch our video tour of the new features:
50% off until September 10th!
Tumult Hype 2.0 is a paid upgrade and installed as a separate application. Because we want to get it into everyone's hands, until September 10th we're offering Tumult Hype 2.0 at an upgrade price of only $29.99 USD — a 50% discount (conversion rates may apply).
Purchase from the Mac App Store or the Tumult Store
Download the 14-day fully-functional trial
We're also offering a free upgrade to anyone who purchased Tumult Hype 1.x after July 20th; please see the purchasing options page for more information.
Hype Reflect for iOS, the Perfect Companion for Tumult Hype 2.0
While creating Hype documents, a pain point you've likely hit is quickly and accurately previewing your creations on the iPhone and iPad. Today, we're introducing Hype Reflect for iOS to solve this problem.
Using Hype Reflect's Instant Preview mode, you can send documents directly to your device from Hype's preview toolbar button to see how your creation plays. After you've previewed a document, you can enter Mirror Mode to see all changes made on the desktop (such as positioning, colors, and text metrics) reflected instantaneously on the device.
Read more about Hype Reflect or download it free from the iOS app store.
We look forward to seeing what you create with Tumult Hype 2.0 and Hype Reflect!
Sincerely,
In 1893, Henry D. Perky was eating breakfast in a small Nebraska town. He noticed another diner eating a bowl of boiled whole wheat that was broken up with a spoon.
When Perky asked the other diner why he was eating it, the diner responded by saying that it was a very digestible food and gave him strength.
Boxed Food Image Gallery
The Triscuit is a popular snack
cracker that started as
a breakfast cereal.
See more boxed food pictures.
Perky tried it and agreed, but felt that the average person would not find it tasty nor go to the trouble of breaking it up with a spoon. That breakfast sparked the idea of shredded wheat cereal, the first prepared cereal in the world, and the mother of the Triscuit.
In this article, we'll show you how Triscuits work, including the history, the production process, and the nutritional values of the popular snack cracker.
Triscuits History
Perky started experimenting with wheat and found that by shredding the cooked wheat and toasting the biscuits, the flavors and texture were much more appetizing. After consulting a machinist, he developed a process for drawing the cooked wheat into shreds, forming the shreds into loaves, and baking the loaves in coal ovens.
Perky received a patent, five years later in 1898, for a “new and original design for wafers.” This cracker-like biscuit replaced the need to manually cut the shredded wheat biscuit lengthwise with a knife and toast both halves separately.
In 1901, he received two more patents for a “cracker of filamentous or shredded wheat” featuring a waffle-like texture. He named the wafer Triscuit.
Triscuits Production
Varieties of Triscuits
Deli-Style Rye
Garden Herb
Thin Crisps
Rosemary & Olive Oil
Cracked Pepper & Olive Oil
Reduced Fat
Roasted Garlic
Fire Roasted Tomato
Cheddar
Original
Low Sodium
Production of the Triscuit wafer began in 1903 at the Niagara Falls, New York plant with the Triscuit packaging proclaiming “Baked by Electricity.” The wafer measured 21/4 inches by 4 inches and remained that size for twenty-one years. At that point, the ovens were altered and improved and the cracker size changed to 2 inches square.To make Triscuits today, the wheat is first cooked in water until its moisture content reaches about 50%. It is then tempered, allowing moisture to diffuse evenly into the grain. The grain then passes through a set of rollers with grooves in one side, yielding a web of shredded wheat strands.Many webs are stacked together, and this moist stack of strands is crimped at regular intervals to produce individual pieces of cereal with the strands attached at each end. These then go into an oven, where they are baked until their moisture content is reduced to five percent.
In 1935, in order to better address consumer taste preferences, Triscuit crackers were sprayed with oil and lightly salted. The flavors remained the same until 1984 when popular tastes changed again. The public wanted nutritious wafers, but they also demanded more out of those wafers, including additional choices, “crunch” appeal, and flavor varieties. There are now eleven Triscuit varieties on store shelves.
Learn about the health benefits of Triscuits in the next section.
Artworks are lost for several reasons. Disasters – both natural and man-made, war, repression by political or religious authorities, or destruction at the hands of artists themselves seem the most common cause. Whatever the reason, a lost artwork is always a huge loss to our shared cultural heritage.
10 A Portrait of Alfred Jarry Henri Rousseau
Henri Rousseau was a post-impressionist painter whose child-like works had a profound impact on the surrealist, expressionist and primitivist movements. Alfred Jarry was a genius playwright whose own work had a huge impact on the course of modernist theater, influencing Dada, Surrealism, and the Theater of the Absurd. According to popular legend, Jarry in fact inspired Rousseau to paint by declaring he had the face of an artist. In 1895, Jarry, who had written some positive reviews for the now noteworthy Rousseau, sat for a portrait by the artist. Frustrated by vanity, Jarry could not stand the results and promptly destroyed the canvas, thus depriving today's audiences of a glimpse into the world of two precursors to so much modern art.
9 Tilted Arc Richard Serra
Minimalist artist Richard Serra's massive Tilted Arc, which featured 2.5 inch thick steel sculpted to be 120 feet long and 12 feet high, was commissioned by federally funded arts organizations for the Federal Plaza in New York City in 1981. Over the years, the sculpture was opposed for reasons of maintenance cost (it had become an attraction for graffiti artists), convenience (it made movement around the Plaza difficult), and for aesthetic reasons (many publicly declared the work an eyesore). In 1985, a decision was made to destroy the work. Four years and many court battles later, the work was scrapped for steel by federal workers. Serra believed the piece altered the visual perception of the viewer's environment. Unluckily for Serra, the public perception of Tilted Arc seems to be that something as solid as steel can be altered into invisibility at the pound of a gavel.
8 Pearl Monument
In Bahrain, Pearl Square became the site of sweeping protests for democratic reform and economic equality in February 2011. Central to the square was Pearl Monument, a massive sculpture featuring six sweeping arches, representing the six Gulf states that make up the Gulf Cooperation Council, holding a pearl, a symbol of wealth. After several weeks of demonstrations, the Bahrain government removed the protesters through military power. The sculpture, which had begun to hold symbolic meaning to the protesters and their sympathizers, was destroyed by the government. A migrant crane worker was crushed to death during the demolition of the monument.
7 Canvases from the Entablature Series Roy Lichtenstein
In the early 1970s, pop artist Roy Lichtenstein took a break from appropriating comics and began making canvases based on entablatures. Entablatures are moldings decoratively placed horizontally above the columns on buildings. Lichtenstein copied designs from Greco-Roman sources in his typical style, giving the motifs a modern edge. Several of the original canvases were housed in one of the Twin Towers and were destroyed during the 9/11 attacks.
6 Works by Sandro Botticelli Destroyed in the Bonfire of the Vanities
Many works of great importance to Western art have been lost in a series of events termed the Bonfire of the Vanities, a practice initiated by an Italian priest in the late 15th century wherein artworks depicting secular or mythological themes or images deemed sinful were destroyed by fire. Perhaps the greatest loss to our cultural heritage is the destruction of several paintings by Sandro Botticelli that are based on mythological and pagan lore. Botticelli's use of Greco-Roman and pagan themes stirred the interest in the ancient arts and sciences that were crucial to the development of the Renaissance. It is a great deprivation that the works of his that remain after the fires are mostly meditations on religious themes and not the more stringently humanist, mythological, and sexual themes he was renown for during his life.
5 Study after Velazquez III Francis Bacon
Francis Bacon was a giant of modern art who left both his critics and the general public in awe of his hallucinatory and visceral canvases. The Velazquez series is generally considered to be not only one of his masterworks, but also one of the masterworks of 20th century art. Unfortunately, Bacon himself was rarely satisfied with his work and was also prone to alcohol fulled fits of rage in which he would destroy his canvases. The third in his landmark Velazquez series was one of the more notable victims of his despair.
4 Works by Pablo Picasso featured in the Mystery of Picasso
Film noir maverick Henri-Georges Clouzet directed the documentary the Mystery of Picasso, which features the eponymous aged and shirtless master creating whimsical drawings and paintings. Filmed in an innovative manner that allows the audience to see Picasso's simple, abstract, but powerful figures come to fruition brush-stroke by brush-stroke, it seems the process was more important than the result for both filmmaker and artist. All of the works created for the film were destroyed upon completion, so they would exist nowhere but on celluloid. The French government declared the reels a national treasure.
3 Man at the Crossroads Diego Riveria
Commissioned by Nelson Rockefeller to create a mural for the entrance to Rockefeller Center, Diego Riveria was given the theme “man at the crossroads,” a utopian sentiment chosen by Rockefeller to stir ambitions for a hopeful political future in the viewer. Riveria had ambitions for a very different political future than his patron when he painted two leftist heroes, Trotsky and Lenin, standing amidst a crowd of workers. Rockefeller demanded the painting be altered, but Riveria refused. The painting was covered with a curtain upon completion, an act which was met with many protests. Despite the public outcry, the mural was destroyed by workers.
2 Nativity with St. Francis and St. Lawrence Caravaggio
Caravaggio's stunning Nativity, which demonstrates the qualities that have made him so revered – his controversial naturalism, dramatic use of chiaroscuro, use of imperfect models, and loose pairing of historical subject matter – was stolen in 1969 from a church in Sicily, Italy. The theft is assumed to be the work of the Sicilian mafia. A former mafia figure turned police informant has stated that the painting has passed through several hands, ending up in storage in a farmhouse where it was destroyed by animals. The owner at the time burned remains of the painting upon discovering it in scraps. The FBI is still attempting to recover the painting and has listed its value at $20 million dollars.
1 The Stonebreakers Gustave Courbet
Courbet's landmark painting shocked bourgeois audiences upon its 1850 debut at the Paris Salon. The masterpiece is a monumental depiction of lowly peasant labor. Courbet had bravely paired a canvas size typically reserved for royal portraits or religious paintings with a topic generally shunned by high art practitioners of the period. The Stonebreakers has proved hugely influential for its bold assertion that everyday activities are an acceptable theme for high artwork and for ushering the social realist tendency in visual art. The original canvas was destroyed during the U.S. Military's air attack on Dresden, Germany in 1945.
For people who are medically healthy, a poor diet may be to blame for fatigue and general tiredness. Lack of energy is an issue across the board for vegans and non-vegans alike. Some may blame a diet lacking animal products for their exhaustion after transitioning to a vegan lifestyle. Others may be meat-eaters with a seemingly healthy diet and experiencing the same fatigue. Luckily, there is a solution to the food coma we've all experienced at some point. That solution is a plant-based diet. While veganism gets rid of a lot of calorie-dense and fatty foods, it does not eliminate them completely. Understanding the causes of your tiredness is crucial to implementing a fix. Thankfully, there is a healthy and natural quick fix for this issue.
What Causes Sleepiness?
Fats
A diet high in fats can very well lead to fatigue.
Meat and meat products tend to be high in LDL Cholesterol, this is a main cause of fatigue. LDL fats raise cholesterol and are considered “bad” fats. By cutting out animal products you cut out many of the ‘obvious' sources of bad fats like red meat, butter and cheese. You may wonder about all of these “good” fats we hear about. These are HDL fats and include foods like avocados, nuts, seeds etc. These fats are good in regulated amounts. Too many fats in your diet can cause many issues beginning with tiredness escalating to obesity and even death. Although many may believe otherwise, not all vegans are healthy. Being a junk-food vegan may be the source of your fatigue.
Sugar
Sugar comes in various forms and it can be hard to detect in certain packaged foods and it is pumped into more foods than you would expect. Juice and soda are a huge source of artificial sugars. Even in packaged foods make sure to look at the ingredients and watch out for any forms of sugar listed. Artificial and refined sugar, especially in the form of high fructose corn syrup, is highly addictive and in excessive amounts, it will spike your blood sugar levels, which can lead to a ‘crash' making you feel drowsy or depressed.
Simple Carbohydrates
Many people go straight to simple carbs as a primary source of food once transitioning to a vegan lifestyle. This is the easiest way to transition to a vegan lifestyle because you can still enjoy staples we've had in our diet since childhood. However, refined/simple carbohydrates can cause sleepiness due to rising and dropping blood sugar levels. Complex carbohydrates found in starchy vegetables, grains and seeds will gradually release energy into your system, rather than all at once, like a simple carb will.
The Cure
A plant-based vegan diet, full of nutrient-rich carbohydrates and low in fats, boosts energy levels dramatically. Many people feel an energy increase within even a day or two. A plant based diet is a diet that consists of mostly foods derived from plants (rather than based around animal products or processed foods) such as fruit, vegetables, potatoes, rice, seeds/nuts, and legumes. This sounds scary but don't worry, you can still have your tortilla wraps, breads and pastas as long as the majority of your diet consists of plant-based foods. In addition to an increase in whole food carbs and a lower fat intake, cut out added sugar as much as possible to prevent ‘crashes' in energy. Don't worry, fruits provide all of the natural sugar you not only need, but crave.
Losing Weight and Eating Carbs
So you want more energy but you're also trying to lose weight… but carbs are bad for you right? Carbs will pack on the pounds, won't they? The answer is no!
Many people that are trying to lose weight run from carbohydrates. This should not be the case. Carbs are the first source of energy to be used by body cells. That means that foods high in fat (yes, even the ‘good' fats) are stored as fat to be used as energy once the body runs out of other sources of energy. Starchy carbohydrates will not only satiate your body but boost your energy. If you stick to smart carbs from whole, plant-based foods, your body will use your food directly as energy rather than store your food as fat. Smart carbs include: minimally processed oats, legumes, nuts, seeds, vegetables, sweet potatoes and brown rice.
How to Make the Change
Cutting out meat and dairy is half the battle. Next, reduce the amount of processed foods and refined carbohydrates in your daily diet. These include pastas, breads, cookies and basically anything that is not in a whole food form. Finally, make the switch from artificial and refined sugars to natural sugars derived directly from fruits.
A diet that consists of whole, plant-based foods provides all of the nutrients you need. This increases your energy levels dramatically as long as you are eating enough. Eating calorie-dense carbs, like potatoes and grains, helps to ensure you are meeting your daily calorie requirement. After making this change, you will notice a dramatic change in your energy levels almost instantly.
Click Here for Five Foods Every Healthy Vegan Should Eat
You can't help wondering, every time you drive through the tunnel into Talladega Superspeedway and behold the sheer vastness -- 2.66 miles around, with those 33-degree banked turns -- of what is still called "the World's Fastest Track."
Just how fast could Nextel Cup cars be running there by now, if not for restrictor plates?
With qualifying for Sunday's Aaron's 499 today, it might take a lap average of 235 mph to win the pole. Maybe more.
Reality, with plates, is that the pole will be somewhere in the usual 190 range. Maybe lower.
Back in June, Rusty Wallace, just to get a ballpark idea, ran a test at Talladega without a restrictor plate on the carburetor of his Dodge. He clocked laps at 228 mph. And that was after an 18-year layoff from development of unrestricted engines for the giant track. Had the development been ongoing, along with matching aerodynamics, who knows -- 250?
That's what's so annoying about all this "need for speed" baloney as applied to NASCAR. This is a realm of close competition and entertainment, but the pushing of speed frontiers has long been stifled.
It was 18 years ago this spring that Bill Elliott set what remains the all-time NASCAR qualifying record, 212.809 mph, at Talladega. Three days later, in the race, Bobby Allison's car went airborne, almost got into the grandstands, and disaster was narrowly avoided.
It could have been worse than Le Mans in 1955, when Pierre Levegh's Mercedes went into the stands, killing him and 81 spectators.
NASCAR had seen enough at Talladega. Above all else, the paying customer must be protected. To keep the cars from flying, speeds must be kept under 200 mph.
The first race back at Talladega after the near disaster, in August '87, Tim Brewer, a tough crew chief for legendary team owner Junior Johnson, stood and listened to the garage-area debate. The first stopgap was smaller carburetors, and for '88, plates would be mandated.
Brewer took in all the talk, grinned, and began, "Tell you what: You could announce a race here where everybody gets to run what they want. No restrictions. You could pay $500,000 to win, and not a dime from second place on back.
"You could sell tickets for $200 a piece, and tell every spectator that on his way in, he had to sign a complete waiver of liability. And on race day, the traffic would be backed up to the state lines in every direction, trying to get in."
I didn't doubt it then. I'd been down to the Allison wreck scene on that fateful day, and interviewed Dale Earnhardt fans who'd actually moved into seats closer to the track, right up against the ripped-down fence, seats that had been vacated by their original occupants. One reason for them all: "We figure that if our man Earnhardt can get out there and take a chance to put on a show for us, we can take a chance by being as close to him as possible when he comes by."
Such is the adventurism, the appetite for risk-taking among NASCAR fans themselves, that Brewer's ultimate showdown would sell out today.
Earnhardt was all for taking off the plates and letting 'em rip. And now his son wouldn't mind giving Talladega an all-out workout. Most drivers, publicly or privately, would like to try it.
"Absolutely, I'd be the first one to jump out there," says Tony Stewart, who is the only NASCAR driver who actually knows what it feels like to go 230-240 mph. As a rookie at the '96 Indianapolis 500, Stewart clocked race laps in the mid-230s before the Indy Racing League went on a slowdown campaign of its own.
"It would bring the driver back into it," Stewart says. "Instead of teams working so hard to build cars that are slick [aerodynamically], they could build cars that actually handle again.
"There's always talk about why we get into these big crashes [at Talladega and Daytona], and it's because there's 40 of us running in one big pack and we're so close you could throw a blanket over us."
Even increasing speeds into "the 215 to 220 mph brackets," Stewart maintains, "you wouldn't be able to run that close to each other because you'd have to move around on the racetrack to find clean air."
Fans always howl that they love plate racing because it's so close. Most don't realize that unrestricted racing at Talladega was even better. There was a draft, but the cars were nimbler in it.
Take the 1984 Winston 500, which still claims the NASCAR record for lead changes, an astounding 75. And that's only the official ones, at the end of laps. It doesn't count the two or three times the lead might change hands down the backstretch alone.
Winner Cale Yarborough and the other leaders were in control of their own destinies that day, with sheer horsepower and nerve, rather than riding the capricious pushes and pulls of drafting lines.
Those heady days of a wilder NASCAR won't return. It's all more civilized now, and the precautions are understandable.
Still, you drive through that tunnel and behold that enormous banking, and you can't help thinking it's all kind of pity, really.
GORDON NOT CONFIDENT
Jeff Gordon has won three of the past four restrictor-plate races, but that doesn't make him feel like the favorite Sunday. His best plate-racing car, which won the Daytona 500 in February, sits in Daytona USA as a display piece, unavailable to his team.
"It took about five or six months to build the car that's in Daytona USA," Gordon says. "With only two months since that win, the team hasn't had time to build a new one, so we'll bring another one out of our stable."
He plans to use the same car he won with at Talladega a year ago, but that Chevrolet couldn't go head to head with Dale Earnhardt Jr.'s Chevy under green flag conditions.
Gordon caught a break when NASCAR froze the field under a late caution, and acknowledged that had the race stayed green, Earnhardt easily might have passed him.
Gordon also caught a rain of beer cans from the stands during his celebratory burnout and doughnuts on the way to Victory Lane. Fans were so furious at not getting a green-flag finish that NASCAR passed the "green-white-checkered" rule to try to prevent finishes under caution.
The Senate Banking Committee endorsed a bill Thursday to lift the four-decade-old ban on crude oil exports, the latest sign of congressional support for legislation that President Barack Obama opposes.
The banking panel endorsed the bill, 13-9, on a largely party-line vote. Sen. Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota sponsored the bill and was the only Democrat to support it.
Heitkamp said the bill would lower or stabilize gas prices, support jobs and increase U.S. influence abroad.
Despite the largely partisan committee vote, Heitkamp said she is optimistic that some Senate Democrats will support efforts to lift the export ban, which was imposed in the 1970s amid an energy shortage. Heitkamp's bill is expected to be merged with larger legislation sponsored by Sen. Lisa Murkowski, R-Alaska, before a vote in the full Senate.
"Putting an end to (the export ban) is a discussion we need to have by working together, and it shouldn't be a partisan exercise or get bogged down by political poison pills," Heitkamp said. "We have many options to move this policy forward and growing support for it. That's good news for a common-sense, bipartisan policy."
GOP leaders in the House and Senate support lifting the export ban, and the House Energy and Commerce Committee endorsed a bill to do so last month.
The White House opposes both bills, saying a decision on whether to end the ban should be made by the executive branch.
"Congress should be focusing on meeting America's clean energy needs and our transition to a low-carbon economy," said White House spokesman Frank Benenati.
The Associated Press
The Pakistan government has cleared a move to make former army chief Gen Raheel Sharif the head of a military alliance of 39 Muslim countries created by Saudi Arabia, defence minister Khawaja Asif has said.
Soon after Sharif completed his term last year, it was reported in December that he would lead the Islamic Military Alliance, which was formed by the Saudis in 2015 to fight terrorism, especially the Islamic State and other groups.
Asif told Geo News channel on Saturday that Pakistan had cleared the move to make Sharif, 60, the head of the alliance.
“They (Saudi Arabia) had made a written request and we have given our consent to the Saudi government in writing,” he said. Though the formalities were yet to be completed, the government had decided in-principle to clear the move.
Asif said this would be an “arrangement” between the two governments and it is “only a matter of time” before Sharif takes up the appointment. The structure of the Islamic Military Alliance is still not in place and Sharif is expected to give it shape, he added.
The defence minister, who had visited Saudi Arabia earlier this year, said the advisory board of the Islamic Military Alliance, comprising the defence ministers of member countries, is expected to meet in May.
Turkey, Egypt, Bangladesh, Sudan, the United Arab Emirates and Malaysia are among the members of the alliance, which has a command centre in Riyadh. Saudi defence minister Mohammad bin Salman Al Saud had said in 2015 that the alliance will tackle “the Islamic world's problem with terrorism and will be a partner in the worldwide fight against this scourge”.
Earlier this month, there were reports that the Pakistan Army will send a brigade of about 3,000 combat troops to Saudi Arabia to strengthen defences along the kingdom's vulnerable southern border with Yemen in the face of threats from the Islamic State and Houthi rebels.
This will not be the first time that Pakistani troops will be deployed to Saudi Arabia. Pakistani troops train and advise Saudi military personnel and sources told Hindustan Times that about 2,000 Pakistani officers and soldiers are currently in the kingdom.
Military ruler Zia ul-Haq sent an elite armoured brigade to Saudi Arabia at King Fahd's request after terrorists besieged the Grand Mosque complex in Mecca and the Iranian revolution in 1979. The brigade was deployed for a decade and some 40,000 soldiers served in it.
First Published: Mar 25, 2017 15:35 IST
Earlier this month, we had the great pleasure of being invited to Los Angeles to participate in a number of speaking engagements organized by local advocates StreetsblogLA and Santa Monica Next.
Throughout our time there, we learned about the similarities between our two cities, and one significant difference: while Vancouver made a conscious decision to link its city centres with fast, frequent public transit, Los Angeles opted to build an expansive and expensive freeway network, resulting in a sprawling, car-dependent metropolis dissected by 19 different freeways. But it is those conditions – where the average driver spends 90 hours per year stuck in traffic – that have Angelenos dreaming of a better way.
City officials and transport planners are looking beyond the automobile, to a city that provides all of its citizens with the mobility and freedom promised by freeway system, but never ultimately delivered. To achieve their goal they're looking at some surprising solutions to move beyond the automobile…
1. A political commitment to great streets
When Eric Garcetti was elected Mayor in 2013, one of his first acts was to launch the Los Angeles Great Streets Initiative, a bold program designed to transform the city's 7,500 miles of underutilized, underperforming streets into places that welcome all modes. They began by engaging with stakeholders along 15 streets, first on a temporary basis (with plazas and parklets), and then making long-term changes to curbs, street lighting, street trees, and furniture. We visited one such street in front of the Grand Central Market on Broadway in Downtown L.A., where a row of on-street parking had been converted to a public plaza. It was truly amazing to see this space, once used for automobile storage by a handful of citizens, now being enjoyed by dozens of market-goers of all ages and economic means.
2. A mandate to invest in public transit
In 2008, L.A. voters did something truly extraordinary. They went to the ballot box and approved – by two-thirds majority – a half-per-cent sales tax increase to pay for $36-billion worth of transit investments over the next 30 years. And we saw the evidence of that construction everywhere we went; in what is currently the largest mass transit expansion project on the continent. Whether it's the extension of the Expo Line all the way to Santa Monica Beach, or the addition of seven Purple Line stations, a dedicated transit fund is playing a crucial part in expanding a system that already serves an amazing 1.4 million customers per day.
3. CicLAvia: changing hearts and minds
Inspired by Bogotá‘s weekly Ciclovía event that opens up miles of city streets for walking and cycling, L.A.'s own CicLAvia recently celebrated its fifth birthday. Each event takes place in a different community, attracting upwards of 100,000 people, and acting as a “real time rendering” to help residents experience their city in an entirely different light. Furthermore, one study found CicLAvia significantly improves air quality in the host neighbourhood, with a reduction in harmful particulates known to cause respiratory and cardiovascular disease. Speaking with local advocates, many agreed that CicLAvia played a central role in changing hearts and minds of Angelenos to strive towards a more multi-modal city.
4. A brand new, multi-modal mobility plan
Just last month, City Council approved a sweeping new transportation framework, named the 2035 Mobility Plan, by a vote of 12-2. The plan calls for the promotion of walking, cycling, and mass transit, in part by reducing automobile lanes, reducing speed limits, and establishing a number of bus-only lanes. The plan also adopts a Vision Zero approach, which seeks to cut the fatality rate from traffic collisions to zero within 30 years. Finally, the plan calls for 330 miles of protected bike lanes, a move we believe will go a long way to establish the bicycle as a reliable, accessible, and normal means of transportation.
5. Bikeshare as an extension of transit
We have long touted the benefits of bike-share, after experiencing it firsthand in Montreal, Washington DC, and San Francisco; arguing that it serves as a perfect extension of public transit, for the first and last mile of a trip. L.A Metro stands to become the first transit system in North America that formalizes that relationship. In 2016, they will launch a bike-share fully integrated into their transit fare system, where a trip on the bike is considered a transfer, seamlessly accessed with a tap of the user's fare card. It is an important step in the evolution of bike-share, and one we hope transit agencies across the continent will emulate.
6. Bicycle-friendly business districts
Located an hour south of downtown L.A., Long Beach has been building protected bike lanes long before they were recognized by NACTO. The demand for such facilities was established through an innovative Bicycle-Friendly Business District program, the first in North America. First, Long Beach city staff bought bikes for merchants to run errands and make deliveries. By allowing them to experience the benefits and challenges of cycling their streets, they became supportive of growing the bike network into a number of highly travelled retail areas. The program also included retail and dining discounts, the conversation of on-street parking into parklets and bike corrals, and cycling woven into events and marketing in other creative ways. All of this has eased the city's shift to pleasant, calm, more walkable streets; as part of a ‘complete streets' transformation that has increased everyone's bottom line.
HEY YOU! Sign Up to our Newsletter for exclusive content, contests, and perks.
DH Vancouver Staff Daily Hive is the evolution of Vancity Buzz, established in Vancouver in 2008. In 2016, the publication rebranded and opened newsrooms in Calgary, Toronto, and Montreal. Send story tips to @DailyHiveVan @DailyHiveVancouver Daily Hive is the evolution of Vancity Buzz, established in Vancouver in 2008. In 2016, the publication rebranded and opened newsrooms in Calgary, Toronto, and Montreal. Send story tips to [email protected]
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
In News That Will Surprise No One, NSA Has Cracked Mobile Phone Encryption To Listen In On Calls
from the duh dept
One of the latest reports from the Snowden documents over at the Washington Post falls more into the "well, duh" category than many previous reports. The NSA has easily cracked the A5/1 encryption used to encrypt mobile phone conversations on many GSM mobile networks. Of course A5/1 has been around forever, and others have shown that it's not particularly secure for quite some time. But, it's just a reminder that, yes, of course, the NSA could listen in on calls. Some networks do use more modern encryption, which is much harder for the NSA to crack, and it sounds like the recent revelations are leading at least some mobile operators to upgrade the encryption on their network. Still, at this point, it seems safe to assume that if you want to have a truly private conversation, you shouldn't use a phone.
Filed Under: a5/1, encryption, mobile phones, nsa, privace
NEW DELHI: The Cabinet has approved a first ever national capital goods policy that seeks to reduce reliance on imported equipment by incentivising domestic production and in the process creating crores of jobs The policy seeks to increase production of capital goods from Rs 2.3 lakh crore in 2014-15 to Rs 7.5 lakh crore in 2025 and also raise direct and indirect employment from the current 84 lakh to three crore.“Capital goods manufacturing, if it happens in India, along with the manufacturing that is going to happen downstream, the entire economy gets fillip,” said Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu after the Cabinet meeting. It also aims to increase exports from the current 27% to 40% of production by providing an enabling environment for the industry which will include a long-term and stable duty structure that will encourage domestic manufacturing.“It will increase the share of domestic production in India's demand from 60% to 80%, thus ma king India a net exporter of capital goods,” a statement issued by the government said.The Department of Heavy Industry will over time roll out the key elements of the policy by seeking approvals for schemes. “We are happy to see the roadmap for the capital goods sector in India and its recognition as a strategic sector. India has the potential to be the net exporter of capital goods as against the net importer currently.National Capital Goods Policy is definitely the need of the ho ur, which will provide the much-needed impetus to the sector and will go a long way in achieving the objectives of Make in India,” business chamber Ficci said in a statement. The specific areas of intervention identified are: improvement in technology depth across the capital goods sub-sectors, increase skill availability, ensure mandatory standards and promote growth and capacity building of MSMEs.Capital goods production contracted 2.9% in FY16 according to the Index of Industrial Production (IIP) numbers. In the same period, the import of industrial machinery rose 5.2% to $9.7 billion. Electrical machinery and equipment imports were flat at $ 6 billion.The government hopes this policy will boost domestic production. “It will help in realising the vision of building India as the world class hub for capital goods,” the statement observed, adding that the new policy will also play a pivotal role in overall manufacturing as the pillar of strength to the vision of ‘Make in India'.Earlier, the government had sought suggestions on a draft paper to frame policy on the capital goods industry, setting a target of lifting the contribution of capital goods from the present 12% to 20% of the total manufacturing activity in the country by 2025. The draft paper had further noted that India's share in global exports in the capital goods sector ranges between 0.1% and 0.6%, across various subsectors, while the share of global exports for China ranges between 7.7% and 16.3% depending on the sub sector.
Poland became the first EU country held to account for its involvement in the CIA's extraordinary rendition programme on Thursday when the European court of human rights found it guilty of the unlawful detention and torture of two men at a secret prison in the north of the country after 9/11.
In two damning judgments, the court also ruled that the Polish government had failed to conduct a proper investigation into the episode, and ordered it to pay €100,000 (£79,000) compensation to each of the men, who are currently held at Guantánamo Bay.
The rulings are the first in a series of cases being brought against European states, with Lithuania and Romania also facing accusations that it allowed the CIA to open secret prisons on their territory.
The case against Poland was brought by two men, Zayn al-Abidin Muhammad Husayn, a Saudi-born Palestinian known as Abu Zubaydah, and Saudi national Abd al-Rahim al-Nashiri.
Abu Zubaydah was initially detained in Pakistan in 2003 and accused of being a senior al-Qaida figure, although there has since been some doubt over the role he may have played. He was flown to Poland from a CIA prison in Thailand in December 2002, remaining there until September the following year.
Nashiri is accused of masterminding the October 2000 suicide bomb attack against the USS Cole in which 17 people died, and is facing prosecution before a military commission. He was flown to Poland on the same executive jet as Abu Zubaydah, and transferred to Morocco the following June.
The court heard that the two men were held at a prison codenamed Quartz that the CIA operated at the Stare Kiejkuty military base in the north-east of the country.
The judgment in the Abu Zubaydah case recounted how he had described being repeatedly beaten, confined in a small box, and brought out to be repeatedly water-boarded.
“I was … put on what looked like a hospital bed, and strapped down very tightly with belts. A black cloth was then placed over my face and the interrogators used a mineral water bottle to pour water on the cloth so that I could not breathe. After a few minutes the cloth was removed and the bed was rotated into an upright position.
“The bed was then again lowered to horizontal position and the same torture carried out again with the black cloth over my face and water poured on from a bottle. I struggled against the straps, trying to breathe, but it was hopeless. I thought I was going to die.”
The court said that Abu Zubaydah's continuing detention without trial was “a flagrant denial of justice”. In addition to the compensation, given because of what was described as the “extreme seriousness of the violations” of the European convention of human rights, Abu Zubaydah was awarded €30,000 costs.
The judgment in the Nashiri case described how he had been kept naked, subjected to mock executions, hoisted by his wrists while his arms were shackled behind his back, and told that his mother would be sexually abused before him.
The two unanimous rulings found that the rendition programme was completely illegal, as its rationale had been “specifically to remove those persons from any legal protection against torture and enforced disappearance and to strip them of any safeguards afforded by both the US Constitution and international law”.
The court at Strasbourg said it was inconceivable that the rendition aircraft could have landed in Poland, and the that the CIA could have operated its secret prison on Polish territory, without the Polish authorities awareness.
“It is also inconceivable that activities of that character and scale, possibly vital for the country's military and political interests, could have been undertaken on Polish territory without Poland's knowledge and without the necessary authorisation being given at the appropriate level of the state authorities.”
It also ruled that the Polish government must seek assurances from the US that Nashiri will not face the death penalty.
The Guardian reported more than seven years ago on the existence of the secret CIA prison on Polish soil, quoting the former director of a nearby airport who witnessed the rendition aircraft being met by military vehicles with blacked-out windows.
“On one occasion an American lady – I was told she was from the embassy – came with the man who made the payments. She was standing in front of the airport office when the military vehicles left. She turned her back on the vehicles. It seemed as if she did not want to be a witness.”
Since then, the Polish authorities have said that they have been conducting their own investigation, but have faced accusations that it has been drawn-out and ineffective. The European court ruled that the Polish response failed to provide an effective remedy, and that it too amounted to a breach of the European convention on human rights.
Amrit Singh, a lawyer at the Open Society Justice Initiative who represented Nashiri, said: “This is a historic ruling by the European court of human rights, which has become the first court to confirm the existence of a secret CIA torture centre on Polish soil between 2002 and 2003, where our client was held and tortured.
“The court's findings include a damning indictment of the US military commission system, where our client is now facing trial for his life, and also a condemnation of the death penalty itself.”
Joseph Margulies, one of Abu Zubaydah's American lawyers, said: “It's always gratifying when a court speaks truth to power. The question now is whether Poland will listen. The rule of law demands more than words on a page. It demands justice.”
A Polish presidential spokesperson, Joanna Trzaska-Wieczorek, said: “The ruling of the tribunal in Strasbourg on CIA jails is embarrassing for Poland and is a burden both in terms of our country's finances and its image.”
She added that it was possible the government would appeal.
guardian.co.uk © Guardian News and Media 2014
[Two men prepare to torture and interrogate a suspect. Photo: Shutterstock.com, all rights reserved.]
By Lookout on Jan 04, 2016 with Comments 0
Steven Fouchard, Army Public Affairs >> As the first Syrian refugees arrive in Canada, Army Reservists are on the ground and eager to help keep them safe and comfortable while they await permanent resettlement in their new home.
The reservists have volunteered to be part of Operation Provision, the Canadian Armed Forces' (CAF) contribution to the resettlement initiative, which is being led by Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship Canada (IRCC).
Most are serving in auxiliary security roles or augmenting staff on the various CAF bases where refugees may be temporarily housed should the need arise. Several say they feel a personal connection to the mission.
“I signed up for Op Provision because I wanted to welcome the Syrian refugees to Canada,” said Gunner Markus Hale, a member of 56 Field Regiment, Royal Canadian Artillery (RCA), based in Brantford, Ontario. “As an immigrant and a Canadian soldier, I felt it was my duty to volunteer.”
“I joined Op Provision because my parents were refugees to Canada and had a better life,” added Corporal Dardal Malushaj, with the Toronto Scottish Regiment. “I want to give back and help the Syrian refugees have a better life as well.”
Canada's resettlement plan will continue to evolve as it moves forward. CAF members have both the training and high level of readiness needed to evolve with it.
The multi-faceted resettlement plan starts with the identification and processing of the approximately 25,000 displaced Syrians that IRCC estimates Canada will be taking in. A contingent of CAF members are deployed in Lebanon, Jordan and Turkey to assist.
According to IRCC, the 25,000 were to be identified by Dec. 31 and the expectation was that 10,000 of those would be welcomed to Canada by the end of 2015. The remaining 15,000 are expected to arrive by the end of February 2016.
Refugees are travelling on commercial airliners, the most efficient and affordable option, but Royal Canadian Air Force officials have a plan in place to provide additional airlift support every 48 hours as needed.
The CAF has the capacity to temporarily house as many as 6,000 refugees in Ontario and Quebec, and a further 7,000 elsewhere in Canada, if necessary. Most of the facilities that have been identified for possible use as temporary housing are Canadian Army. They are: Canadian Forces Base Kingston, Garrison Petawawa, and the 4th Canadian Division Training Centre (Meaford), all located in Ontario.
In Quebec, personnel at the 2nd Canadian Division Support Base in Valcartier and the 2nd Canadian Division Support Base in Montreal are ready to receive refugees if called upon.
Should they be needed, CAF personnel will be drawing on the experience of Operation Parasol, which included housing refugees from the Serbian province of Kosovo in 1999.
Approximately 5,000 people fleeing fighting in the region stayed for three months at various CAF facilities in Ontario (the Canadian Forces bases at Trenton, Kingston and Borden, Ontario) as well as Nova Scotia (the Canadian Forces Bases at Halifax and Greenwood, and Canadian Forces Station Aldershot) and New Brunswick (5th Canadian Division Support Base in Gagetown).
CAF personnel were also involved in large-scale operations supporting refugees from Vietnam. During Operation Magnet, as it was named, they oversaw the airlift and resettlement of more than 50,000 Vietnamese refugees between 1978 and 1981 following the fall of the South Vietnamese government.
Master Bombardier Jeff Roos, a reservist with 56 Field Regiment, RCA said he chose to join Op Provision to honour that legacy and to pass his knowledge and experience along to his younger comrades.
“I volunteered to go on Op Provision as it's an excellent chance to welcome people from a war-torn part of the world to our peaceful country,” he said. “I wanted to continue to carry on the Canadian Armed Forces legacy in helping refugees as well as mentoring and developing younger soldiers to be as effective as possible.”
No.
overall No. in
season Title Directed by Written by Original air date Prod.
code U.S. viewers
(millions)
After Homer uses his narcolepsy diagnosis as an excuse to be lazy, he and Marge go through a trial separation, during which Homer dates a pharmacist and Marge dates the pharmacist's father. Guest stars: Adam Driver as Adam Sackler, Lena Dunham as Candace/Hannah Horvath, Laura Ingraham as Therapist and Jemima Kirke, Zosia Mamet and Allison Williams as Candace's friends
Homer is assigned to buy a new washing machine to replace the family's old molding one, but finds a barbecue grill and buys that instead. Later, Bart and Lisa search for the grill when it is stolen right after he was challenged to a cookoff. Guest stars: Alton Brown as Himself, Bobby Moynihan as Tyler Boom, Edward James Olmos as Pit Master and Ben Schwartz as Clerk
577 3 "Puffless" Rob Oliver J. Stewart Burns October 11, 2015 ( ) TABF19 3.31[5]
Jacqueline decides to reveal the truth: her husband died because of lung cancer, but didn't say so before because back then, people were reluctant to admit it. This revelation shocks Patty and Selma, who decide to quit smoking once and for all and burn all their cigarettes, which unfortunately causes Jacqueline's house to burn down. However, Selma resumes smoking shortly after, causing an angry Patty to move in with Marge and Homer, much to the latter's dismay. Meanwhile, when Maggie makes some new animal friends, she must go on a rescue mission when one of them is taken by Cletus. Guest stars: Jon Lovitz as Cigarette and Yo-Yo Ma as himself
After costing salesmen their job, they invade the Simpson household to get revenge on Homer. Meanwhile, Lisa starts becoming scared of everything after she experiences Horror Night at Krustyland, so Homer takes down his Halloween Everscream Terrors decorations to avoid scaring Lisa. In another subplot, Marge takes Bart to a trick-o-treating party because Homer had to take down the decorations, but Bart gets upset when she can't get in due to the party being for residents only. Guest stars: Blake Anderson as Dickie and Nick Kroll as Lem Note: Unlike the Treehouse of Horror episodes, this episode takes place in the normal series timeline.
In the twenty-sixth annual Simpsons Halloween special, Sideshow Bob finally kills Bart, Homer appears as a sea monster in a parody of Godzilla, and Lisa and Milhouse get superpowers from radiation, with poor Bart somehow missing out and Maggie joining the fun. Guest stars: Kelsey Grammer as Sideshow Bob and Chris Wedge as Scrat
Lisa becomes friends with a rich girl named Harper, whose father becomes friends with Homer, but Lisa becomes concerned that Harper is a little too entitled. Guest stars: Kristen Bell as Harper and David Copperfield
Homer loses $5,000 that he doesn't have in a poker bet, and is forced to loan Lisa out to Broadway star Laney Fontaine to pay back his debt. Laney finds out Lisa is extremely talented at the saxophone and has her perform at an auditorium. Later, Marge and Homer realize they've made a terrible mistake and must go to New York to retrieve Lisa.
582 8 "Paths of Glory" Steven Dean Moore Michael Ferris December 6, 2015 ( ) VABF01 5.53[10]
Lisa tries to better the reputation of Springfield's first female inventor by searching an asylum for her first invention. While in the asylum, she and Bart find a sociopath's notebook, causing Bart to take the notebook home and show it to his friends, which causes Chief Wiggum to mislead Bart's parents that he may be a sociopath. As a result, Homer and Marge give Bart a sociopath test under a label which Bart would find interesting. The label then falls off and Bart finds out that the test is for his parents to know if he's a sociopath; so he pretends to be one.
583 9 "Barthood" Rob Oliver Dan Greaney December 13, 2015 ( ) VABF02 5.97[11]
The story of Bart's life, spanning from the age of six to his adulthood, is told. Throughout the story, Bart learns that his shattered, yet lovable relationships with his father Homer, who looks down on him due to his laziness and negativity, and his little sister Lisa, who beats Bart at everything, help to shape who he truly is.
When Homer loses his job due to Marge's social media post, he resumes working as a dishwasher at a Greek restaurant he worked when he was in high school. Meanwhile, Lisa works with her new coding teacher to create an app that can predict the effects that any post on social media will have. Guest stars: Stephen Merchant as Conrad and Kaitlin Olson as Quinn
585 11 "Teenage Mutant Milk-Caused Hurdles" Timothy Bailey Joel H. Cohen January 10, 2016 ( ) VABF04 8.33[13]
Bart experiences early puberty after drinking a milk substitute filled with bad hormones, and ends up competing with Skinner for the affections of his new teacher, Mrs. Berrera. Lisa experiences early puberty as well from the milk, and starts to wear makeup and gets a new hairstyle to look more feminine, netting her popularity from her classmates. Guest star: Sofía Vergara as Mrs. Berrera
Sanjay's son Jay takes over the Kwik-E-Mart, but Apu is displeased when he turns it into a food market. Meanwhile, in an attempt to get Apu his store back, Homer tries to get Bart to prank the new store, despite the fact that he told him he wouldn't prank anymore. Guest star: Utkarsh Ambudkar as Jay
On Valentine's Day, Professor Frink makes himself attractive to women by using science to transform himself into a more attractive man. Meanwhile, Marge, Bart, and Lisa visit Grampa and try to rescue the old folks from a drug-induced hallucination that allows them to relive their happiest memories. Guest star: Glenn Close as Mona Simpson
588 14 "Gal of Constant Sorrow" Matthew Nastuk Carolyn Omine February 21, 2016 ( ) VABF06 3.10[16]
Bart and Lisa take in a homeless woman to live with them, where they discover that she is a talented folk singer. Meanwhile, Homer accidentally traps the cat in the walls of the house. Guest stars: Bob Boilen, Kelsey Grammer as Sideshow Bob, Natalie Maines as Hettie (singing voice) and Kate McKinnon as Hettie
589 15 "Lisa the Veterinarian" Steven Dean Moore Dan Vebber March 6, 2016 ( ) VABF08 3.09[17]
Lisa becomes a veterinarian after performing CPR on a raccoon, and learns a harsh lesson when the neglected class hamster, Nibbles, dies. Meanwhile, Marge makes a little extra money cleaning up crime scenes. Guest star: Michael York as Dr. Budgie
Lisa signs up for the Mars One Space Colony, and Marge comes along to try and talk her out of it. Guest stars: Tom Scharpling as Paul and Jon Wurster as Barry
591 17 "The Burns Cage" Rob Oliver Rob LaZebnik April 3, 2016 ( ) VABF10 2.32[19]
After Smithers is crushed by Mr. Burns' lack of affection towards him, other characters attempt to find a boyfriend for him. Meanwhile, Milhouse competes against a new boy for the lead role in a school production of Casablanca, so he can act alongside his own unrequited love, Lisa. Guest star: George Takei as himself
When Marge tells Homer that she doesn't like Lisa's jazz, Lisa overhears this and gets mad at Marge for lying. Marge wants to restore her relationship with her daughter, so they take a weekend trip to Capital City to attend a performance of Bad News Bears: The Musical, however, Lisa becomes depressed during the trip. Meanwhile, Bart teams up with Maggie to trick people, after he becomes frustrated that everyone knows his pranks. Guest star: Andrew Rannells as himself
593 19 "Fland Canyon" Michael Polcino J. Stewart Burns April 24, 2016 ( ) VABF12 2.77[21]
Homer recalls the story of when the Simpson family went on a vacation to the Grand Canyon with the Flanders family.
The Simpson family goes on a trip to Paris, and Homer becomes the courier of a secret briefcase. Guest star: Jay Leno as himself
595 21 "Simprovised" Matthew Nastuk John Frink May 15, 2016 ( ) VABF13 2.80[23]
After messing up a speech at work, Homer tries improv comedy. Meanwhile, Marge helps rebuild Bart's treehouse. For the last three minutes of the episode, Homer does a live Q&A for fans on the East/West Coast.
PITTSBURGH – Evgeni Malkin and Alex Ovechkin began the night shaking hands in an effort to show respect for the victims of the Lokomotive plane crash.
After 62 minutes of action the rivalry was alive and well once again. Blood, sweat, excitement and drama — Penguins and Capitals just as we've always known it.
Dennis Wideman beat Brent Johnson at 2:48 of overtime to give Washington the 3-2 victory over Pittsburgh on Thursday, but a late-game fight was getting the most media attention in the aftermath.
Trailing 2-1 in the third period, Pittsburgh's Arron Asham was looking for an opportunity to spark his team to a third period rally. When Washington's Jay Beagle knocked Kris Letang's helmet off in a scrum at center ice, Asham took exception.
Looking to stick up for his teammate and spark the home crowd at the same time, Asham took on Beagle in a fight that didn't end pretty:
[Video removed from source]
Beagle had just two NHL fights on his resume, but hockey purists would argue that he paid the price of going after a star player.
“I wasn't going in there looking for a fight,” Asham said after the game. “I went in there to tell him to stop running around, you know, what you're supposed to do [in that situation]. It's unfortunate he went down the way he did and I wasn't trying to hurt anyone out there.”
Beagle remained on the ice for a few minutes after absorbing the heavy punches before making his way to the locker room with a face covered in blood and confusion.
After the game, focus immediately shifted to the appropriateness of Asham's post-fight gestures let loose in the heat of the moment:
[GIF via @TPBAdam]
“I was excited and [the gesture] was uncalled for,” Asham said. “You try to get the crowd into the game and it's kind of classless on my part, I wish I could take that back.”
Judging from reaction of the hockey world, many agreed that Asham's taunting gestures were disrespectful and insisted they have no place in the game. But any athlete will tell you adrenaline can be a crazy thing in the midst of a heated battle against a hated rival.
Asham even wondered how much his inappropriate celebration differed from Ovechkin's ‘Hot Stick' dance a few years ago against Tampa Bay:
“It's no different than ‘Ovie' throwing his stick down and rubbing his hands over it,” Asham said. “It's a part of the game. I didn't want to hurt the kid but it's just the way it happens.”
In a league that allows bare-knuckles brawls to freely take place, it's hard to argue with a straight face that celebrating after a two-punch knockout is unacceptable. If Asham had simply skated to the penalty box and left Beagle in a heap of blood and broken teeth, would that really be okay?
What's your call? If taunting your opponent really is ‘part of the game', where should the line be drawn?
___________________________________
Mike Colligan is the Pittsburgh Penguins correspondent at TheHockeyWriters.com and an NHL analyst at Forbes SportsMoney.
You can email him at MJColligan@gmail.com or follow his updates on Twitter: @MikeColligan
The New York
NEW YORK: Cuban revolutionary leader Fidel Castro has slept with 35,000 women in his 82 years of life, according to an upcoming documentary."He slept with at least two women a day for more than four decades - one for lunch and one for supper,"Post quoted an ex-Castro official named "Ramon" as telling filmmaker Ian Halperin. "Sometimes he even ordered one for breakfast," the official said."I don''t think he would have stayed on as long as he did if not for all the incredible women he had access to as president," the official added.Fidel Alejandro Castro Ruz or Fidel Castro led his country from December 1959 until his resignation in February this year. Castro came to power as a result of the Cuban revolution that overthrew the dictator Fulgencio Batista, and shortly thereafter became Prime Minister of Cuba.Although the US has tried hard to get rid of him, Castro outlasted no fewer than nine American presidents since he took power.
The Sahara case is getting curiouser and curiouser. Jailbird Subrata Roy, bossman of the Sahara group, has been in Tihar for more than two years but is showing no eagerness to come out. The Supreme Court is exasperated but has not found a way to make him pay his bail amount and get out. Politicians are quiet, despite being on bum-chum terms with Roy. Sebi has been twiddling its thumbs on Roy, attending court hearing after court hearing, without anything to show for its patience.
What gives? Roy has been in jail since 4 March 2014 for failing to comply with a Supreme Court order of August 2012 asking him to refund over Rs 24,000 crore raised illegally by two Sahara group companies. With interest piling up due to non-compliance, Roy's bill has shot up to over Rs 36,000 crore now. And counting. (Read what the Sahara case is all about here)
After failing to pay up and evading the court's orders for more than 18 months, an angry Supreme Court ordered his arrest and said he could be released only on a bail amount of Rs 10,000 crore – half in cash, and the rest by way of a bank guarantee.
Advertisement
But between 4 March 2014, when he was arrested, and 29 March 2016, Roy could not (or would not) cobble up the sum despite claiming assets of more than Rs 1.8 lakh crore. At the latest hearing, Roy's lawyer Kapil Sibal claimed the court had no business keeping Roy locked up, saying nowhere in the world could courts do this.
But the court, according to a report in The Times of India, rebutted him: “Nowhere in the world a person says that I have assets worth Rs 187,000 crore. I can pay any time but is not paying Rs 10,000 crore.”
To get over this problem, the court asked Sebi to dispose of Sahara's unencumbered properties, with the aid of the court-appointed overseer, ex-judge BN Agrawal. But this could take months, if not years.
Advertisement
The case is curious for several reasons. The questions still to be answered are:
First, why is Roy not paying up despite having the assets? One reason could be an obstinate ego – the same ego that made him decline to pay up Rs 24,000-and-odd crore to Sebi for ultimate repayment to genuine investors. Most of those investors turned out to be non-existent in a Sebi survey.
So one possibility is that the money is not his to pay. It may be benami money, and cannot be paid to random investors who may or may not exist. Both Sebi and the Supreme Court have raised this suspicion, and surely they don't believe Roy when he says he has already repaid his investors and hence does not have to pay it again to Sebi.
Advertisement
Second, why is Roy not eager at all to get out of jail? For a man who has friends in high places (among politicians, Bollywood heroes, and cricketers) it should not have been difficult for him to arrange finances from them, or even ask them to lend the money against collateral for repayment after he is out. Why didn't he do so? Is it because he felt safer in jail, especially since some of his hidden investors may have tough questions to ask him when he gets out?
Third, why is the Supreme Court itself not doing the obvious: that is, put the group under a receiver/administrator, who can then inventory the properties, sell the ones which are unencumbered, collect the dues, and then let Roy go free? If this had been done in March 2014, when Roy was arrested, the process would have been over by now. Why has the court not used this simple way out? At the last hearing, it did entertain the idea of appointing a receiver, but had not taken a final call. This is exactly what needs to be done. But why did the penny not drop in more than two years of fruitless hearings, when the court itself had reason to disbelieve Roy's claims on his investors?
Fourth, why has the court now tossed the ball back to Sebi, by asking it to sell the properties and give Roy bail? How can Sebi, a regulator, be playing the role of a real estate auctioneer?
Advertisement
Fifth, given that prima facie Roy has defied the court (that's why he is in jail), why has the court not convicted him for contempt, especially when Sahara issued full-page ads at one stage questioning the court's orders in his case? Why is the Supreme Court reluctant to nail him for contempt, and put his properties into receivership and be done with it?
Sixth, why is there complete radio silence in political circles in Roy's case? Not one politician has spoken about him, when everyone and the dog at the lamp-post has done so in the case of Vijay Mallya, who, after all, is just a loan defaulter. Why has no politician condemned Roy when they are willing to chase Mallya to the end of the earth? Is it because Roy knows too much about them?
It is clear that Roy's is a case of the emperor without clothes, but no one is willing to call this out. The justice and regulatory system will not come out of this smelling of roses.
Advertisement
The Supreme Court delivered its final verdict on 31 August 2012. It is now 31 March 2016. Surely, three years and eight months are enough to bring someone to justice?
What's new at DomRaider?
On the 12th of October 2017, the great cryptocurrency community funded the DomRaider project by purchasing 560 million DRT, placing its trust in DomRaider to deliver blockchain technology to change the way the entire Auction market is organized.
Smart Contract and DRT distribution
During the last few weeks, following the deployment of the Smart Contract, we have proceeded to the distribution of tokens and we kept our promises to deliver them in time (one week after the end of the ICO). It was a big challenge and our support team worked hard as we had to fix some issues concerning incorrect wallet addresses.
Partnership with auction sector operators
At the same time the spotlight upon the DomRaider ICO has helped us to develop great incoming partnerships with companies that are interested in using the blockchain auctions ecosystem. We are still finalizing the agreement with a big company and we will give more enthusiastic informations in the coming weeks, before the end of the year.
Roadmap
We are working very actively on our detailed roadmap and we still prioritize the different development. There is little for us to say at this point but we will soon explain the challenges of developing an ecosystem that is able to carry out and control the network latency for an auction network user, or testing time stamping with no constraints of block time.
In the meanwhile, we are going to launch a new up-to-date version of the www.domraider.io website soon.
0
Sony has announced that Marc Webb's Spider-Man reboot will be officially titled The Amazing Spider-Man. That's not too much of a surprise. I figured they would pull the title from one of the many Spider-Man comics and I assumed the title would either be “The Amazing Spider-Man” or “The Spectacular Spider-Man”. At least we can now stop referring to it as “Marc Webb's Spider-Man reboot.”
Sony has also released a new image of Spidey, this time with the mask on. I have to say that I'm not crazy about it. The bug-yellow eyes weird me out and the mesh-pattern feels too busy. Also, the design of the gloves gives me flashbacks to the Spider-Man 2099 costume and that's not a good thing. The image also gives us a better look at the new web-shooters, which look fine.
Hit the jump to check out the new image along with a press release from Sony. The Amazing Spider-Man stars Andrew Garfield, Emma Stone, and Rhys Ifans. The film opens in 3D on July 3, 2012.
Click on the image to see it in high-resolution. [Photo Credit: Peter Tangen]
UPDATE: Steve here. After we posted the image of the costume (which I like a lot more than Matt), I noticed the stuff on his hands. Here's a close-up image of that part of the costume. While I have no idea what's going on with his fingers, I love the attention to detail. The only negative about The Amazing Spider-Man is that we have to wait over a year to see it.
And here's the press release:
World Champion Marc Marquez topped the timesheets as this week's Sepang Official MotoGP™ Test began on Tuesday. The Repsol Honda Team rider led the way from Yamaha Factory Racing's Valentino Rossi and Honda team-mate Dani Pedrosa, with leading Open rider Aleix Espargaro seventh for NGM Mobile Forward Racing.
Following the usual break for lunch in the middle of the day, the final of the eight hours saw track temperatures drop which allowed riders to push for quicker lap times. This duly saw Marquez post 2'00.286, half a second up on Rossi as both the Italian and Marquez's team-mate Dani Pedrosa jumped ahead of Jorge Lorenzo's Yamaha in the final minutes of the day. The top six was completed by GO&FUN Honda Gresini's Alvaro Bautista and LCR Honda MotoGP's Stefan Bradl.
At Repsol Honda, this year's RC213V features a larger air intake in an attempt to increase top speeds and improve throttle response on the exit of corners, with Marquez posting the leading effort fresh from historically claiming the title in Valencia last year. In the Yamaha garage, Rossi continued to develop his working relationship with new Crew Chief Silvano Galbusera, who first worked alongside the nine-time World Champion for the post-race test after the final Grand Prix of 2013.
Much attention was on Ducati Team, with talk continuing to circulate that the outfit could elect to race under the new Open regulations this year; this would allow up to 24 litres of fuel as opposed to the 20 of the Factory Options, as well as working on engines during the season and not being limited by the new engine freeze. Also this season, all bikes in the field are running the spec ECU hardware for the first time; however Factory Options are free to use their own software, whereas Opens must adapt the spec software as supplied by Dorna Sports and Magneti Marelli.
The leading Open representative on this occasion was Forward's Aleix Espargaro (seventh position), with Factory Option riders Andrea Iannone (Pramac Racing), Pol Espargaro and Bradley Smith (Monster Yamaha Tech3 team-mates) helping to complete the top ten. Colin Edwards (Forward) overcame early technical difficulties to finish 11th quickest, as Ducati Team filled spots 12 to 14 with Andrea Dovizioso, test rider Michele Pirro and Cal Crutchlow. The leading Honda RCV1000R customer bike was that of 2006 title winner Nicky Hayden (Drive M7 Aspar) in 17th place.
At Paul Bird Motorsport, Michael Laverty (25th position) suffered a frustrating start to proceedings, plagued first by brake problems and then by an engine failure. All teams were present with the exception of IodaRacing, which plans to make its 2014 track debut at the second Sepang test which is to run at the end of the month.
Testing continues at the Sepang International Circuit over the next two days, again running between 10am and 6pm local time (GMT +8).
See the final Day 1 timesheet from Malaysia
Hounded by watchmen, trolls, goblins, and a relentless bounty hunter, 13-year-old Jetsam dreams of the day he'll no longer have to run for his life.
In the mountain city of Dwim-Halloe, Eadriel and Elvar were born twins to teachers at the city's revered School of Magic. When the new king outlawed magic, the boys' parents were murdered. Their deaths forfeited the twins' magical birth right and made them homeless fugitives.
Rescued by an orphan gang, the fleeing twins were nicknamed Flotsam and Jetsam. To survive as outcasts, the orphans scavenge and pilfer nightly. Their last risky foray sent them fleeing into an unfamiliar cavern. Now the boys are lost deep underground where they encounter a strange beast that will change their lives forever and begin a harrowing journey for their ultimate survival.
To begin, this book is an amazing example of the quality that should be expected from any self-published novel: the cover was professional, there were no discernable errors, and the writing was on par with many published authors. So, for anybody looking to self-publish, this book should serve as a model of how to do it right.
Now, let's get into the story.
The plot revolves around an orphan named Jetsam who, due to a misunderstanding, is running for his life from a dangerously genre savvy bounty hunter and trying to unravel the mystery of a scroll he finds in a strange cavern. The third-person narrator sometimes breaks away to follow the bounty hunter Yduk Thiern, a gruff pragmatist that serves as an entertaining antagonist. However, it usually follows Jetsam's various adventures as he's on the run.
While the reader certainly follows Jetsam on some interesting escapades - involving nymphs, knights, dragons, and other fantastical creatures- the first half of the book really drags as the story is setting up, and is padded out with long descriptions of Jetsam walking through forests or caverns. Certain incidents occur multiple times, such as cavern trips and run-ins with trolls, which probably could have been combined into one or two episodes for the sake of the reader. This can be a bit tedious to get through, but far from the worst pacing I have seen. Surely some of the best high fantasy authors (even my dearest Tolkien) have received similar criticisms.
Those who don't mind sticking through the long set-up will be rewarded. The impatient reader will miss out on a bunch of interesting characters, some great battles and an ending that will leave you pining for the next book. Ultimately, Crimson & Cream is a great first novel from an author, and a series, that shows a lot of promise. I do sincerely hope the next book will be coming out soon. To get a copy head on to: https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/212895 Enjoy!
This Crimson & Cream book review was written by Alison Mirabella
All reviews for: The Oxbow Kingdom Trilogy
Image caption Myelin ensheaths nerves to protect them and speed up their signalling
Scientists believe they have discovered a new reason why we need to sleep - it replenishes a type of brain cell.
Sleep ramps up the production of cells that go on to make an insulating material known as myelin which protects our brain's circuitry.
The findings, so far in mice, could lead to insights about sleep's role in brain repair and growth as well as the disease MS, says the Wisconsin team.
The work is in the Journal of Neuroscience.
Dr Chiara Cirelli and colleagues from the University of Wisconsin found that the production rate of the myelin making cells, immature oligodendrocytes, doubled as mice slept.
The increase was most marked during the type of sleep that is associated with dreaming - REM or rapid eye movement sleep - and was driven by genes.
In contrast, the genes involved in cell death and stress responses were turned on when the mice were forced to stay awake.
Precisely why we need to sleep has baffled scientists for centuries. It's obvious that we need to sleep to feel rested and for our mind to function well - but the biological processes that go on as we slumber have only started to be uncovered relatively recently.
Growth and repair
Dr Cirelli said: "For a long time, sleep researchers focused on how the activity of nerve cells differs when animals are awake versus when they are asleep.
"Now it is clear that the way other supporting cells in the nervous system operate also changes significantly depending on whether the animal is asleep or awake."
The researchers say their findings suggest that sleep loss might aggravate some symptoms of multiple sclerosis (MS), a disease that damages myelin.
Image caption Scientists are only just unravelling the precise mysteries of why we sleep
In MS, the body's immune system attacks and destroys the myelin coating of nerves in the brain and spinal cord.
Future studies could look at whether or not sleep affects the symptoms of MS, says Dr Cirelli.
Her team is also interested in testing whether lack of sleep, especially during adolescence, may have long-term consequences for the brain.
Sleep appears necessary for our nervous systems to work properly, says the US National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke (NINDS).
Deep sleep coincides with the release of growth hormone in children and young adults. Many of the body's cells also show increased production and reduced breakdown of proteins during deep sleep.
Since proteins are the building blocks needed for cell growth and for repair of damage from factors like stress and ultraviolet rays, deep sleep may truly be "beauty sleep", says NINDS.
CALGARY — A slowdown in oilpatch activity means fewer tradespeople on site, putting a squeeze on businesses that house and feed workers in remote locations.
Before the downturn, when the oil and gas sector was chugging along, it was a challenge to entice enough skilled labourers to work for weeks on end far from home. Fat paycheques were one draw, but quality lodging was also key.
Many camps more closely resemble hotels or resorts, complete with Wi-Fi, fitness centres, ice rinks and meals prepared by Red Seal chefs.
They're quieter places nowadays, with oil and natural gas prices too weak to justify most new projects.
Black Diamond Group CEO Trevor Haynes figures the company's lodges are at about half occupancy these days. A few years ago, when times were better, it was more like 80 per cent.
The workers who remain are settling in for longer stays, as frequent shift turnovers eat into productivity at the mine or drill site, Haynes said.
READ MORE: Expect to see ‘significant pressure' from oil shock in the latest job numbers
Black Diamond is responding by tackling costs. Administrative expenses were down by 23 per cent during the last three months of 2015 compared to the fourth quarter of 2014, while capital expenditures were 97 per cent lower.
One of the more “painful” measures has been to reduce the workforce last year by around 130 to 140.
“It's really hard to turn an organization around from being fast-growth to being very cost-conscious,” he said. “It was a very difficult year in that respect.”
It's a similar story for another big camp operator, Horizon North Logistics.
CEO Rod Graham told a recent conference call that he'd like to say the pain is over, “but I know that would be a falsehood.”
“Horizon North's traditional energy markets in Western Canada are under extreme duress.”
As of mid-February, Horizon North had a workforce of just under 1,200 — down 700 from the same time a year earlier, said Graham.
READ MORE: As Alberta's economy tanks, oilpatch players eye international forays
Jim Seethram, chief operating officer at Orissa Software, said the earliest signs of distress in the resource sector can be witnessed at work camps.
Orissa's system helps companies manage the comings and goings of their workers, processing more guest stays than some of the world's biggest hotel chains.
The decline has been most dramatic in open camps — ones that house workers for quick drilling jobs, as opposed to ones owned by oilsands operators, for instance.
READ MORE: Service industry sees increase in resumes as Albertans lose jobs
Some regions have felt more pain than others. Shale oil rigs in North Dakota, for instance, “dried up in an instant” as it only takes a few days to wind down one of those operations, said Seethram.
But in the oilsands, the sunk costs are considerable and it takes years to build a project that will operate for decades. Operators are loath to stop construction partway through.
When activity does eventually pick up again, Seethram said he's not expecting to see camp operators pull back much on the bells and whistles for new projects.
“I don't think we can go backward from that,” he said.
“I think the camp operators have recognized that's what their guests are demanding and that's what draws them to the work site and that's just a necessary cost of business.”
READ MORE: Oil and gas layoffs force rural homelessness to rise
This article is over 3 years old
Hundreds of thousands of people marched, danced and waved rainbow banners through San Francisco for the most jubilant Pride festival in living memory on Sunday, capping a weekend of celebrations around the world.
Gay marriage declared legal across the US in historic supreme court ruling Read more
Music bands led a parade of floats for the city's 45th annual Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual and Transgender Pride festival, a party swelled by straight allies, cheerleaders, tourists and exhibitionists, all basking in the glow of sunshine and the US legalisation of same-sex marriage.
Around a million people were expected in San Francisco, a crucible of the gay rights movement, following equally ebullient Pride marches in London, New York, Dublin, Paris and other cities.
The US supreme court's landmark ruling on Friday that same-sex marriages were constitutional cast a mainstream, feel-good aura over a parade which at times in the past has felt edgy and defiant.
“It feels more normalised – in a good way,” said Eugene Chisenko, 31, as he and his husband, Chuck Goldhaber, 27, watched a cacophony of revellers, including families with children, whoop their way down Market Street.
“It feels less like we're insisting on being normal and that we just are normal. It feels less about sex.”
Goldhaber, wearing rainbow suspenders over a bare chest, agreed. “It feels that the [straight] allies are here more to celebrate and less for the spectacle,” he said.
Nalasa Cutler, 30, attending her first San Francisco Pride, said the city felt united. “Everyone is being so festive and happy. I was expecting it to be a bit more crazy; see a lot more nudity.”
Organisers said the festival's theme, Equality Without Exception, was timely because the LGBT rights movement would now focus on fighting discrimination in housing and employment.
“Queers and allies alike need to vote and stay vigilant,” Gary Virginia, the head of SF Pride, said in a statement.
Overall attendance for Pride events around the world was expected in the millions. In New York, revellers and well-wishers turned Fifth Avenue into a colourful, boisterous, open-air party.
“What do we want?” they chanted, a familiar refrain.
“Marriage equality!”
Then the twist: “When did we get it?”
“Friday!”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Watch a compilation of Pride marches around the world
http://www.theguardian.com/world/video/2015/jun/29/gay-pride-parades-around-the-world-video
New York's governor, Andrew Cuomo, presided at a same-sex wedding ceremony in front of the Stonewall Inn, where in 1969 gay patrons resisted a police raid, launching the modern gay rights movement. Mayor Bill de Blasio wore a rainbow tie and his wife, Chirlane McCray, and their son, Dante, held rainbow flags.
New York Pride: Ian McKellen and Derek Jacobi have the time of their lives – in pictures Read more
David Studinski, march director for New York City Pride, tweeted that this was the most historic Pride march since the first.
Dublin hosted Ireland's biggest every gay rights parade on Saturday. While covering London's Pride parade CNN earned widespread mockery for an “exclusive report” which mistook a flag displaying sex toy symbols for that of the Islamic State.
Chicago, Seattle, Paris, St Louis and Manila, among other cities, hosted rallies of varying size on Sunday. At some marches, trouble flared.
In Chicago, during the largest Pride celebration in the city's history, a protest related to another progressive cause briefly erupted on the parade route. Two hours into the celebration, activisits chanting “Black lives matter!” staged a “die in”, briefly holding up the march.
According to protest organisers, approximately 60 people stopped the parade for 15 minutes on Halsted and Addison in the Boystown neighbourhood.
“We went out today to remind people that Pride comes out of queer and trans people of colour like Sylvia Rivera and Marsha P Johnson,” Page May, an organiser of a protest that was dubbed #BlackOutPride, told the Guardian.
“We were here to talk about the challenges we are still facing as a community,” May said.
Chicago police could not immediately confirm how many arrests had been made, but according to police scanners 15 to 20 officers were dispatched to the scene.
In Istanbul, meanwhile, for reasons not immediately clear, police used water cannons to clear a rally.
In San Francisco on Sunday, though, the mood remained celebratory. Dykes on Bikes, a lesbian group, kicked off the parade, followed by dancers, cheerleaders, fire trucks, floats and music bands. The march wound its way to city hall, which was ringed by more than 20 stages and venues and nearly 300 exhibitors.
Police said a bystander was shot in the arm on Saturday after several men got into an argument unrelated to the celebration. The injury was said to be non-life threatening.
Earlier on Saturday, dozens gathered on a slope of Twin Peaks, a nearby mountain, to assemble a pink triangle several hundred feet wide, which was visible for miles. The symbol the Nazis used to identify gay prisoners in concentration camps, the triangle was intended to be a reminder of hatred and intolerance. Mayor Edwin Lee and other dignitaries attended the ceremony.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest People celebrate at the Chicago Pride Parade. Photograph: Michael Tercha/Zuma Press/Corbis
Parade participants on Sunday included Nancy Pelosi, the House of Representatives minority leader, California lieutenant governor Gavin Newsom, who as mayor in 2004 allowed the first gay marriage ceremonies at city hall, and Laverne Cox, the star of Netflix's Orange is the New Black, who unveiled her wax figure at Madame Tussauds.
Hold the applause for Facebook's rainbow-colored profiles, activists say Read more
Jim Obergefell, the lead plaintiff in the supreme court case, also attended.
Speakers include Alicia Garza, who started the #BlackLivesMatter movement, and Kate Kendall, leader of the National Center for Lesbian Rights. Rick Welts, the president of the Golden State Warriors, the Oakland-based NBA champions, served as celebrity grand marshal.
Philip Cravens, 62, a retired hotel worker, marched wearing only factor 100 sun cream.
“It's one of the only days in the year you can legally be naked,” he said. Why did he want to be naked? “It's liberating and it's free. And I like to be the centre of attention.”
A man running a “free hugs” stall near city hall embraced a perpetually replenishing line of people.
“Business is booming,” he beamed.
Police car lights (Shutterstock)
LOUISVILLE (Reuters) – An Illinois man was arrested on Friday on a Ohio highway after he allegedly killed his ex-girlfriend, whose body was found in the back seat of his vehicle, and her son, police said.
Terry Froman, 41, of Brookport was pulled over and taken into custody on Interstate 75, north of Cincinnati, by the Ohio State Highway Patrol.
Officers found the body of 34-year-old Kimberley Thomas of Mayfield, Kentucky, in the back of his sports-utility vehicle, the Graves County Sheriff's Office in Kentucky said in a statement.
The suspect was arrested and taken to a local hospital for his injuries from a self-inflicted gunshot wound, which were not thought to be life-threatening, Ohio State Highway Patrol said in a statement.
Authorities in Graves County said they acted on a tip that Thomas, Froman's ex-girlfriend, was abducted when she did not show up at work on Friday. While checking her home in Mayfield, 150 miles (241 km) northwest of Nashville, they found her 17-year-old son fatally shot, police said.
Authorities obtained a video of Thomas, who was naked, trying to escape from Froman's vehicle at a convenience store in Paducah, Kentucky, but Froman was able to pull her back into the vehicle, according to the sheriff's office.
Kentucky State Police also received a call that Froman had been to his mother's house in Paducah covered in blood and was “very uncooperative” in telling his mother what had happened, according to the sheriff's office.
(By Steve Bittenbender. Additional reporting by Brendan O'Brien, editing by G Crosse)
Marjorie Clark, widow of the Army Band bugler known for the so-called “Broken Taps” at JFK's funeral, holds a photo of her husband at her home in Lovell, Maine. (Carl D. Walsh/Novus Select)
From the hillside grave site in Arlington National Cemetery, Army Sgt. Keith Clark could see John F. Kennedy's vast funeral cortege crossing Memorial Bridge toward him.
He could see the flag-wrapped coffin, the six white horses pulling the caisson, the endless line of black automobiles bearing the world's dignitaries. He could hear the cadence of the muffled drums.
It was Nov. 25, 1963. Clark, 36, the Army bugler assigned to sound taps at the funeral, had been waiting in the cold for hours. A perfectionist and superb musician, he had just played taps for the president on Veterans Day two weeks earlier.
Now he had the most important and solitary task of his life: Sound the 24 notes of the venerable melody that would close the nation's wrenching, four-day farewell to its assassinated president.
But the pressure, the cold and the wait told on Sgt. Clark that day 50 years ago this month.
A lone, flubbed note played by Keith Clark, the bugler at President John F. Kennedy's funeral, continues to reverberate. The Fold introduces you to the meticulous man behind the brass instrument. (The Washington Post)
And with the whole nation and much of the world listening, Clark fumbled the sixth note of taps, which falls on the word “sun” in the lyrics, “Day is done. Gone the sun . . .”
Some said it sounded almost like a sob, befitting the moment.
Back home, in Arlington, though, his wife and four daughters, watching TV in the basement, let out a groan.
Clark went on to finish flawlessly. His flub has gone down in bugling history as the poignant “broken note” of the Kennedy funeral. It was a testament to the anguish of the day, and to the human truth that under duress, even the best can make a mistake.
After the funeral, Clark got letters from all over the country, sympathizing. One was from a 9-year-old Ohio boy named Eddie Hunter, who played in a school band.
“Anybody is bound to make a tiny mistake in front of millions upon millions of people,” he wrote.
Clark, who kept that letter, died in 2002 at the age of 74.
On Saturday, family and friends — including Hunter, now 60 — plan to join the U.S. Army Band and 100 buglers to pay tribute to Clark at Arlington Cemetery, where he is buried on a commanding hilltop.
It seems a fitting salute, one of his daughters said, to a dedicated musician who, had he nailed taps that day, might be utterly forgotten.
“The JFK funeral, the actual funeral ceremony . . . involved some of the most iconic moments of the entire four-day tragedy,” said James Swanson, whose new book, “End of Days,” chronicles the assassination.
“One of the most memorable sights and sounds at President Kennedy's funeral was the broken note of the bugle,” said Swanson, who is scheduled to speak at the Clark commemoration.
“That was really the climax of that weekend,” he said. “Nonstop television for four days . . . And after all the words — millions of words by commentators, published in newspapers, published in magazines, the tragedy ends with a single bugle call.”
“That broken note sort of symbolized what that weekend meant to the American people,” he said. “It's like a human cry. It's like the bugle was weeping. . . . It was really the perfect ending to those four days.”
But to Clark and his family, it was a mistake.
“My dad had played taps thousands of times, and I mean thousands of times . . . and never missed a note,” said his eldest daughter, Nancy McColley, 64, of Port Charlotte, Fla. He “always strove for perfection.”
She said she has a memory of him coming home and flinging his hat in frustration.
His wife, Marjorie Clark, 90, remembers the children confronting him, and one saying, “Why did you make a mistake?”
Clark, himself, later said: “I missed a note under pressure,” according to a 1988 Associated Press story. “It's something you don't like, but it's something that can happen to a trumpet player.”
“You never really get over it,” he said.
After the funeral, Clark recalled, Arlington buglers missed the jinxed note regularly.
In 1963, Clark was the principal bugler in the Army Band.
He was “THE guy, who is to do all the big ceremonies, ” said Jari Villanueva, a retired Air Force bugler and bugle historian.
“They always pick the best player, the person who can stand up to the pressure of high-profile events,” he said.
Clark played Memorial Day ceremonies, Veterans Day ceremonies. He played at Arlington funerals and at the Tomb of the Unknowns.
There, on Nov. 11, 1963, he sounded taps a few feet from President Kennedy — 11 days before the Nov. 22 assassination in Dallas.
Clark, a native of Grand Rapids, Mich., “was a prodigy,” Villanueva said. His father was a professional flute player. And Clark attended the University of Michigan and the Interlochen Arts Academy, near Traverse City.
He joined the elite, Fort Myer-based Army Band, “Pershing's Own,” in 1946. He met his wife, and they raised four daughters in Arlington County.
Villanueva, who said he interviewed Clark by mail and telephone before he died, said Clark was a devoutly religious man and Sunday school teacher who had a collection of 9,000 hymnals.
Indeed, Clark was in his attic library with his collection when his daughter, Sandra Masse, then 10, came home from school and called up the stairs that the president had been shot.
Learning of Kennedy's death, and figuring he might be summoned to duty, Clark immediately went out and got a haircut.
But when the tragic weekend passed with no call, he thought funeral organizers might have gotten a Navy bugler because the president had served in the Navy, Villanueva said.
Then, at 2:30 a.m. Monday, the day of the funeral, the phone rang at Clark's home with the orders: He would sound taps at the funeral.
Amid the frenzy of making arrangements, organizers didn't realize until the last minute that they had no bugler.
But Clark, a balding man who wore dark horn-rimmed glasses, was ready.
When he reported to the cemetery in his dress blue uniform and white gloves, and with his elegant brass bugle, Villanueva said, he was shown an X on the grass where he was to stand.
He was alarmed because it was within a few feet of the rifle party, which would be firing practically right in his ears just before he played.
Then, he was told he was to play into a microphone. He refused. Villanueva said Clark always played for the widow at a funeral and didn't like to use a microphone.
He began his wait.
“His spot is located on the slope below the Custis-Lee Mansion,” Villanueva said. “He's got the perfect view of what's happening. He can actually see the Memorial Bridge from there. So you can hear the procession coming. You see the procession coming.”
Clark watched the cortege enter the cemetery, Villanueva said. He watched the body bearers lug the mahogany coffin to the grave and heard the gravelly voiced Roman Catholic Cardinal Richard Cushing pray over “our beloved Jack Kennedy.”
The deafening rifle volleys were fired, and then it was time for taps.
“For any bugler, when the time comes . . . everything stops,” Villanueva said. “Everything becomes very quiet. It is just you.”
Clark raised the sparkling bugle with gloved hands and began.
Villanueva said Clark often thought at such moments of the Bible verse from St. Paul's first letter to the Corinthians:
“In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye . . . the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed.”
When Clark finished playing, he whipped the bugle under his left arm and saluted.
In this edition of “Questions For Corbett” James answers questions on the BRICS vs. the west, facebook and Gootube, the WTC7 collapse, Zeitgeist, secret societies, and much much more.
For those with limited bandwidth, CLICK HERE to download a smaller, lower file size version of this episode.
For those interested in audio quality, CLICK HERE for the highest-quality version of this episode (WARNING: very large download).
SHOW NOTES
400% rise: Fee to renounce US citizenship goes up fourfold to $2,350
Meet The BRICS' “New Development Bank”
Ambrose Evans-Pritchard – ‘America more financially powerful'
What Really Happened to MH17? An Open Source Investigation
The BFP Roundtable Discusses Public Apathy
FISA, Facebook, and the End of Privacy
Do You Have A Facebook?
NIST Releases Final WTC 7 Investigation Report
NYPD photo of damage to WTC7
WTC7 NIST Pic is Fake
History of WTC7 “structural damage” claim
Actual video of WTC 7 destruction undermines NIST computer simulation
NIST Model Data is Classified
Kevin Ryan : On Why NIST's 9/11 WTC Reports are False and Unscientific
Kevin Ryan Presentation on NIST Final Report of WTC7 Collapse
WeAreCHANGE Amy Goodman supports Investigation into WTC7
Amy Goodman Questioned by WeAreChange SF
Amy Goodman questioned about 911
Episode 042 – The Bohemian Grove
Episode 093 – Digging Up Skull & Bones
Episode 137 – Signs, Symbols and Sigils
Corbett Report Radio 069 – Religion and the New World Order
Solutions: Defeating the Secret Societies
How Bilderberg Works: An Institutional Analysis
Against Utopia
Against Technocracy
Corbett Report Radio 208 – Solutions: Hacking the Matrix
Filed in: Questions For Corbett
Peskov also insisted that “the Syrian army doesn't have chemical weapons,” saying this had been “observed and confirmed by the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons, a special UN unit.”
The US air strikes on Syria have been blasted by the Russian foreign ministry, which has called for an emergency meeting of the UN security council.
It claims that it is obvious that the US strike was prepared before the alleged chemical attack in Idlib. It has suspended air safety agreement with the USA.
According to the head of the Defence Committee in the Russian upper house of parliament, Trump's strikes will “undermine efforts to fight terror” in the country.
Speaking hours after US missile destroyers fired 59 Tomahawk missiles on a Syrian airbase, Viktor Ozerov said the Kremlin are now seeking an urgent UN Security Council meeting to quell tensions.
Ozerov said: “This could be viewed as an act of aggression of the US against a UN nation,” according to local media reports.
Hours before the strikes, a Russian official warned Trump to avoid launching a strike against Bashar al-Assad's regime or they could face “negative consequences”.
Many of us drink multiple cups a day without ever realizing it can taste a lot, lot better.
Caffeine remains just about the only socially acceptable addiction, and as a result most of the U.S. population live their lives a few short hours and a missed latte away from entering withdrawal. With so many of us hooked on the stuff, it's surprising then just how little time and money the average coffee drinker devotes to getting their fix. Sure, we've all spent $5 a go in a Starbucks at one point or another, but when it comes to the day-to-day stuff, most of us settle for cheap drip coffee or even instant coffee granules.
The good news is, it doesn't have to be that way. Drinking better coffee doesn't have to be expensive or time-consuming (though it certainly can be both if you let it). It's all about finding the balance between quality, cost and convenience. Better quality coffee costs more and is less convenient, but past a certain point there are diminishing returns, so what matters is finding the sweet spot, where the increase in quality is worth the added cost and inconvenience. That's different for everyone, and different people will value cost and convenience to varying degrees, so the perfect balance will be quite an individual matter. Don't take this as a prescriptive guide then, but more a blueprint for figuring out what works for you.
The Machine
One of the first things that you need to figure out is what kind of coffee you want to make, and how you want to make it. You've got plenty of options here: cafetiere (French press), stovetop espresso, Aeropress, percolator, Chemex and more. Each method has its own pros and cons, and requires some upfront investment in equipment, so you want to figure this one out before you get started, if at all possible.
One of the first big questions is whether you want to make short shots of strong coffee like espresso, or longer, milder drinks. The former is what's typical of the modern coffee shop: a short shot of brutally strong coffee that you can either drink as is, or mix with water, milk and more for drinks like cappuccinos, lattes and americanos.
At a reasonable budget, the best bet for that is either a Moka Pot or an AeroPress. The former, also known as a stovetop espresso maker (though it doesn't make true espresso), typically makes 2 or 3 shots at a time, and is about as close to espresso as you can get without a real espresso machine. The Moka sits on top of your stove, and consists of three compartments. You put water in the bottom, which is heated by the stove. Coffee grounds sit in the middle, and as the water boils, the pressure from the steam pushes almost boiling water up, through the coffee grounds, and into the top compartment as some rather strong coffee.
Coffee from a Moka Pot has a reputation for being quite bitter and, detractors say, burnt-tasting, though its defenders insist that incorrect usage is to blame there. Since the Moka is among the fiddlier coffee-making methods, it's worth bearing in mind however.
An AeroPress is a more modern device that uses a filter and a plunger to produce a small, strong filter coffee that takes less than a minute to brew. Although it was only invented in 2005, the AeroPress is already one of the most popular choices among coffee aficionados. Because it brews coffee very quickly and at a lower water temperature than other methods, the resulting coffee is smoother and less acidic than the alternatives. You can pick up either a Moka Pot or an AeroPress for $25 or so on Amazon, so both are cheap starter options, but the AeroPress is quicker and easier to use, making it the better option to begin with. You can of course buy yourself a full espresso machine, but since the worthy ones tend to start at $500, you probably want to save that for once you've got a pretty good idea of what you're doing.
For filter coffees, you've got two main options. The most traditional is the cafetiere, or French press, which simply sees you pour hot water over coffee grounds, leave them to steep for a few minutes and then press down a filter to separate the grounds. Because the French press retains all of the oils from the coffee, it tends to be somewhat ‘heavier', while the fact that it uses a mesh filter, rather than paper, means that inevitably some sediment makes its way into the coffee, which some enjoy while others see as a downside.
The electric percolator has fallen slightly out of favor in recent years, but still has plenty of devotees. The functionality is similar to a Moka, but is unique in that it continually cycles the water through the coffee grounds until it reaches boiling point. Like the Moka, water goes into the bottom compartment, which is heated on the stove – or electrically, in most modern models. As it's heated, this water is passed up into the top chamber with the coffee grounds, before filtering back down into the water chamber. The water is thus continually passed up and through the grounds until it's all reached boiling point, at which point the coffee is ready. The result is a typically strong, but less acidic and less bitter, smooth cup. If you're looking for that Holy Grail diner-coffee-at-home, this is your best bet.
The other option is a Chemex, which follows roughly the same principles as a drip machine, and consists of a glass flask with proprietary paper filters. This is James Bond's choice of coffee maker in the original novel of From Russia, With Love so you know there's got to be something to it. The filters are really what makes the Chemex special, as they also filter out much of the oil in the coffee, unlike other methods, resulting in coffee that's typically less bitter. This is what makes the Chemex stand out from the pack, and it produces what's at least the most unusual coffee of the lot. That taste difference is the main differentiator between the French press, a percolator, and the Chemex, so how smooth or bitter you like your coffee should guide you here.
The Bean
So, you've picked up a brand-new coffee maker of one variety or another, and are all set to make your first cup. It probably won't surprise you to hear that what type of coffee bean you use makes a bit of a difference too. At the end of the day, the bean is what you're tasting, so it's always going to be one of, if not the, the biggest factors.
There are three important ways that the bean can vary: the plant itself, the roast, and how fresh it is when it reaches your cup.
Starting with the plant, there are two main varieties of coffee plant: arabica and robusta. Most coffee grown in the world is arabica, which is generally more flavorful and complex, and lower in caffeine. Robusta is easier to grow, and can be grown at lower altitudes, but has a less enjoyable taste. Robusta beans are thus most often used for instant coffee and cheap, canned grounds, while almost all the coffee you'll find in a coffee house will be arabica. It probably won't surprise you, then, that I'll recommend you make sure to look out for arabica.
Coffee roasts are referred to in terms of color, with roasts going from ‘light' to ‘dark' as the beans reach higher temperatures. Popular light roasts include Cinnamon Roast and New England Roast, while American Roast and City Roast are the most common medium roasts. At the dark end of the spectrum you have the French, Italian and Spanish Roasts – as you might have guessed, darker roasts tend to be more popular in Europe. Light roasts are more acidic and caffeinated, but also preserve more of the ‘origin flavor' – the flavors from the soil, altitude, and bean variety that are unique to that particular bean. Darker roasts lose much of the acidity and caffeine, but also lose the ‘origin flavor', with the heavier, smokier and more bitter flavors of the roasting process taking priority.
Finally, one of the biggest factors of all, and one that's the least subjective, is freshness. You may not think about coffee beans needing to be fresh, but the taste of coffee actually changes dramatically depending on how fresh or stale the beans are. The bad news is that if you've always bought your coffee from the supermarket, you may never have had truly fresh coffee. The good news is that it's never been easier to get your hands on fresh coffee, especially if you live in a major city.
The crucial period is the time between the beans being roasted and them reaching your mug. Most coffee goes weeks, if not months, before it ever gets drunk, by which time the flavors have markedly worsened. Head to Google and look for local coffee shops which roast their own beans, as they'll almost certainly sell the beans themselves too – and usually tell you exactly when they were roasted. There's also a growing number of online coffee delivery services, some of which even run on subscription models, delivering fresh coffee to you every week or month. If you're feeling really ambitious you can even buy green coffee beans and roast them yourself, but that's for the truly committed.
The main challenge with fresh coffee is that it begins to get pricey and inconvenient. In an ideal world, you should drink it within a week or so of purchase. Unfortunately, unless you drink a lot of coffee, that might not always be realistic. It also might mean weekly trips to a specialty store to buy coffee if you don't have a convenient delivery service. Plus, inevitably, the fresh stuff is pricier – often at least twice as expensive as the supermarket stuff. If all that sounds like too much work and money, consider making fresh coffee a monthly treat, rather than a staple. Alternatively, you can freeze the coffee between uses to keep it fresh, but there's some disagreement out there as to whether or not this has a negative effect on flavor.
The Grind
After tracking down fresh beans, the next question is the grind. At this point, what matters is which coffee maker you're using. If you've opted for an AeroPress or Moka Pot, you need quite a fine grind – a bit more powdery than table salt. The AeroPress in particular needs a fine grind to maximise the surface area of the coffee and ensure that it's able to brew properly given the very quick brew time. The French press and Chemex both require a coarser grind however – though you can always buck these conventions and experiment a bit. You probably don't want to fine a ground for your French press though, or the grounds will pass through the filter and you'll end up with a lot more sediment than you probably want in your drink.
Tip To reduce bitterness and acidity, use a coarser grind.
If you're picking up your coffee from a local roaster, odds are that they actually offer a choice of different grinds so you can make sure you get the right one. However, you can grind them yourself. Burr grinders are the best, and give the most consistent results, however they're significantly more expensive than regular blade grinders. Grinders tend to be a bit more expensive than most brewing equipment, but they usually give you multiple grind settings, making them compatible with whatever you're using to make your coffee.
The Brew
Finally, if you've gotten through all of that, you're actually ready to make some coffee. Inevitably, this varies pretty extensively across the different types of coffee maker, but there are some general guidelines. For most methods, water temperature is important, and the mistake that most people make is to use water that's too hot. You want to use water that's around 200 degrees Fahrenheit – slightly below boiling – so the simplest thing is to let the kettle boil and then wait thirty seconds for it to cool slightly before pouring. The AeroPress is actually best with water at 175 degrees, so you'll want to wait a bit longer still.
For most methods, water temperature is important, and the mistake that most people make is to use water that's too hot.
The water:coffee ratio is also crucial. You're generally looking for a roughly 16:1 split, though of course you can play around with this, and it does vary depending on which method you use. If you're looking for something slightly easier to work with, a good guideline is that for every tablespoon of coffee you need six ounces of water. Folks that like things bolder recommend two tablespoons.
The final question is simply timing. For a French press, percolator, Chemex or Moka Pot, you can expect brewing to take four minutes or so. While the Chemex and Moka will make it clear when they're done (the Chemex because there'll be enough coffee in the bottom of the flask, the Moka because the steam will become paler) the timing is critical with the French press, so it's best to set a timer for 4 minutes to make sure you get it right. The AeroPress is by far the quickest method, boasting that coffee can be brewed in a mere thirty seconds – though since you're likely to be waiting longer for your water to heat up then cool, some of those benefits are lost.
There's a lot of science to getting coffee right, but there's also a huge amount of room for personal preferences. With the sheer variety of techniques, beans, roasts, grinds and more, there's lots of scope to experiment and find your own tastes. Once you've mastered making basic coffee, of course, there's then the whole world of lattes, cappuccinos, mochas and more just waiting for you.
When is it acceptable in America for a woman to be the subject of a disgusting, sexist joke offered by a man making a public speech in Washington?
When she's a Republican.
And when he's a Democrat.
The laughter is the lash of a whip, a lesson to every woman — and every independent-minded girl — who dares think about straying from liberal Democratic group-think.
And then came Nancy Pelosi, to complete the final lesson on political fealty.
Pelosi, Democrat and feminist, taught her lesson while appearing on CNN's "State of the Union" with Jake Tapper.
Tapper asked her about vulgar comments made by her fellow Democrat, U.S. Rep. Cedric Richmond of Louisiana.
Richmond's target was Kellyanne Conway, adviser to President Donald Trump.
Conway had been kneeling on a couch in the Oval Office to take a photo of Trump surrounded by African-American college and university leaders. A photo of Conway on the couch hit Twitter, and the twittersphere went crazy.
The left loved the photo, because it distracted from the Trump/black leaders photo op. And they loved it because they could mock her for kneeling on the couch.
But a few days later, the topic came up at a formal political dinner by the Washington Press Club Foundation. U.S. Sen. Tim Scott, R-S.C., spoke first and made a joke that the Oval Office couch had seen worse things in the 1990s, referring to Democratic President Bill Clinton's sex scandal.
Richmond, who spoke next, went even further. He took the greasy thumbs of Twitter. And he put them in his mouth.
He compared Conway to Monica Lewinsky, the White House intern who had sexual relations with Clinton in the Oval Office in the 1990s. He said Conway was in a "familiar" pose.
"What was going on there, I won't tell anybody," Richmond said to Scott. "And you can just explain to me that circumstance, because she really looked kind of familiar in that position. Don't answer, and I don't want you to refer back to the '90s."
Cue the laughter.
Familiar in the position?
On her knees.
Do you understand, girls?
Republican mothers understand. Pro-life Republican aunts understand. Conserative older sisters, grandmothers, husbands, sons, all understand the use of this political whip.
"Leader Pelosi, the joke was sexist, it was disgusting. Shouldn't the congressman apologize to Kellyanne Conway?" Tapper asked. "And, honestly, where is the Democratic Party in expressing outrage about this?"
Pelosi said she wasn't at the dinner but quickly noted Trump had said extremely crude things about women in a private conversation gone public on that infamous "Access Hollywood" video that was released before the election.
"You all are criticizing Cedric for something he said in the course of the evening — and he maybe should be criticized for that, I just don't know the particulars," said Pelosi. "But I do, every day, marvel at the fact that somebody who said the gross and crude things that President Trump said — he wouldn't even be allowed in a frat house, and he's in the White House."
Trump's statements about women were more than disgusting, and almost cost him the election.
Speaking to Pelosi, Tapper tried again, saying the Trump "Access Hollywood" tape had been discussed and covered extensively.
"I guess the question is: If one criticizes only Republicans when they make crude comments, does that not undermine the moral authority if they don't criticize when Democrats make crude comments?" asked Tapper.
And in her avoidance, Pelosi slammed her lesson home, a lesson to women about what happens in the real political world to women when they don't cleave to the liberal line.
"Well, I think everybody was making crude comments," Pelosi said, "and I just don't know, I wasn't at that dinner. … I'll look at what my colleague said there, but I do think that in the Oval Office we were always, always with decorum appropriate for the White House."
Later, Richmond offered one of those Washington political lickspittle apologies.
It wasn't a real apology where someone says they were wrong and they are sorry. This was the kind that expresses regret for how remarks were interpreted. So if you're offended, it's on you.
"After a discussion with people I know and trust I understand the way my remarks have been received by many," Richmond said in a statement.
"I have consistently been a champion for women and women's issues, and because of that the last thing I would want to ever do is utter words that would hurt or demean them. I apologize to Kellyanne Conway and everyone who has found my comments to be offensive."
Yes, a regular Sir Lancelot.
But just imagine if a Republican Congressman said something like that about a Democratic woman? Pelosi would have much to say. And so would organizers of women's marches and anti-Trump women's political theater.
A Republican man saying that sort of thing about a Democratic woman would make headlines for days and days. And those who declined to condemn it would be shamed.
Comparing Conway to Lewinsky was intentional. And like Tapper said, disgusting.
In this, it is very much like attacks on conservative African-American men, who are demeaned as Uncle Toms.
There was not much in the way of official Democratic condemnation of Richmond. And little public outrage in the media.
But what if you're a woman and you don't buy the liberal Democratic politics?
You shall be shamed.
First comes the mockery that stings like a whip, like a scarlet letter, followed by a relative, partisan silence and a media silence.
People understand this, particularly the young, who fear shaming.
And it teaches a much more profound lesson to young conservative women about political fealty than do liberal marches and women's strikes and public theater.
What does it say?
It says kneel and pledge fealty, or be shamed.
That's what it says.
For the past three decades, U.S. Border Patrol officers have caught about 50 illegal immigrants per day trying to sneak across the 16,000 acres of land abutting Mexico that's owned by Arizona rancher John Ladd.
TRUMP BUDGES ON BORDER WALL FUNDING, EASING SHUTDOWN STANDOFF
Since President Trump took office and made border security a priority, however, that flood of illegals has slowed to a trickle.
“It's [down] 90 percent, 95 percent,” Ladd told “Fox & Friends” on Tuesday. “We have a wall that's existing on our ranch since 2006, and they're replacing that with an 18-foot Ballard fence, steel tubing, concrete. And with that activity, it's almost non-existent to see an illegal anymore.”
VIDEO: FUNDING FOR BORDER WALL SPARKS BRUTAL BUDGET FIGHT
But while Ladd and fellow rancher Fred Davis are seeing a benefit from the tough immigration talk, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said on Sunday that Trump's promised wall isn't only bad policy, it's sinful.
“The wall is, in my view, immoral, expensive, unwise,” Pelosi said on “Meet The Press.” “And when the president says, ‘Well, I promised a wall during my campaign,' I don't think he said he was going to pass billions of dollars of cost of the wall on to the taxpayer.”
Ladd and Davis – who've invited Pelosi to their property with no luck – disagree.
“You know she talks about splitting the community up, all the communities that I know about, all of the cities along the border already have high fences,” Davis said. “Where the wall is necessary is in a lot of the outlying areas where you still only have a four-wire barbed wire fence between Mexico and us.”
He added: “The wall itself is just a tool in the kit, but you've gotta put boots on the ground to go with it to make it effective. And that's been part of the problem in places they have a wall now.”
By WEI CHUGUI
Technology Correspondent
BEIJING (China Daily Show) — It's the news anxious mothers have been waiting for: a foreign website luring innocent, single men into same-sex relations has finally been blocked on the mainland, ensuring their “little emperors” can finally settle down with the nice girl they introduced them to last New Year.
“My sole reason for living has been taken away from me,” said Hu Jun, 28. “So I guess I'll just have to succumb to constant parental nagging, screw that hot 27-year-old from accounts who keep giving me looks, then marry her.”
For years, campaigners have pointed to Dutch website Heavenly Mandate as the chief reason for the country's soaring homosexual statistics.
Homosexuality was effectively decriminalized in China in 1997 with the abolition of an archaic law that branded it as a form of “hooliganism.” However, it wasn't until 2001 that the Chinese Psychiatric Association removed homosexuality from its list of mental diseases. Official estimates currently put the number of homosexuals in China at around 30 million, though this is considered by many a conservative guess.
“Nothing else explains it,” said pollster Liu Bao. “Ever since we began compiling numbers in 2004, the amount of men admitting to having sexual relations with other men has risen. And this website came out at roughly the same time.”
Lin says that Heavenly Mandate's own statistics – which it uses to support the case that it's providing a legal service for consenting adults – literally don't add up.
“Heavenly Mandate only supplies figures for users who say they are gay. But it doesn't give any data for heterosexual clicks. So it's completely skewed. Furthermore, the website doesn't offer heterosexual male users any alternatives for dating except with other men. So straight visitors have no choice but to sleep with them. It's shameless.”
Lin says that the site has seduced many unwary males into unwitting same-sex practices. One traumatized user said he had no idea that fellatio, rimming and ‘tea-bagging' weren't normal, red-blooded activities until Chengdu police caught him in a five-man conga at a bathhouse.
“He told police that he'd never had time for a wife, so went looking on the Internet. His search brought him to this website, and then various hotel rooms across Sichuan,” said Lin. “This tragedy would never have happened were it not for this site.” A spokesman for Heavenly Mandate refused to comment.
A Confucian tradition of filial piety in China means children are primarily expected to look after their parents in old age and provide offspring. Many parents cannot understand why their children haven't married and produced heirs by the time they've reached puberty, experts say.
Government officials say the website has been interfering with that process, which has seen huge numbers of bachelors unable to find wives in a materialistic society highly critical of individual choice.
White-collar worker Huang, 25, says he stumbled across Heavenly Mandate while searching for Yellow Emperor, a classic 1978 Hong Kong film. “It's not a gay film, although it does contain lesbian scenes,” Huang admitted.
Nevertheless, when a horny Huang signed up for a Mandate account, he found himself bombarded with messages from other Chinese men – many seemingly in the same predicament.
“A lot of them said they were also straight; some even said they were married. But when we met up for tea at their place, they fucked me instead,” Huang recalled. “This kept happening. No matter how many times I went back.”
Follow this and other top China stories at @chinadailyshow on Twitter.
Similar stories:
* * *
Black Friday may currently be associated with its ability to put retailers "in the black"; it was originally named, however, for human impulses of a much more basic variety. In the 1950s, the Harvard historian Nancy Koehn says, factory managers started calling the day after Thanksgiving "black Friday" because so many workers would call in sick for it. (The scourge was, as one magazine put it, "a disease second only to the bubonic plague.") In the early '60s, police in Philadelphia began using "Black Friday" to describe the crowds of shoppers and traffic that would flow into the city post-Thanksgiving—making their jobs, and consequently their lives, temporarily more difficult. It wasn't until the 1970s and '80s that retailers began to emphasize the connection between the day after Thanksgiving and the start of the (commercial) holiday season.
Today, Black Friday is a series of spectacles in the guise of a series of sales. It is an event that springs from a state of mind. It is the culmination of all the dreams that Alexander Hamilton and Walt Whitman and Andrew Carnegie had for us, when the nation was itself an aspiration: It is social Darwinism and cultural cohesion and a country soothing itself with the salve of stuff. It is the dream of self-improvement, vacuum-packed and bubble-wrapped. Black Friday is insulated, in a way many other pseudo-holidays are not, from the Culture Wars, because what could be more implicitly agreeable to an American—or to anyone, for that matter—than the simple promise of a good deal?
But Black Friday is also, as pseudo-holidays go, more class-conscious than most. It is thus more divisive than most. If you can't normally afford a flat-screen/iPad/Vitamix/Elsa doll/telephone, Black Friday discounts could offer you the opportunity to purchase those items. If you can normally afford those things, though, you may well decide that the trip to the mall, with its "throngs" and its "masses" and its sweaty inconvenience, isn't worth the trouble.
Which is another way of saying what a headline last week, from the Los Angeles Times, summed up well: "Black Friday highlights the contrast between rich and poor." As a spectacle, it may be celebrated by all, but it is participated in, increasingly, by a few. Black Friday stands, both temporally and culturally, in stark contrast to Thanksgiving, which is not a Hallmark holiday so much as a Williams-Sonoma one, and which involves, at its extremes, people who can afford heritage turkeys/disposable centerpieces/vessels designed solely to pour gravy congratulating themselves on how wonderfully non-commercial the whole thing is. With stomachs full of bird and broccolini and bourbon-ginger-apple pie, they settle in to watch the news stories that come out of Black Friday—the stampedes, the stabbings—and gawk in amusement and amazement. "All that for a flat screen," they say, drinking their wine and clucking their tongues.
Mars turns from dusty dead zone to Earth-like paradise in Terraform, a striking sci-fi short created by five recent graduates of French visual-effects school ArtFx.
"Terraform is a short film mixing live-action footage and CGI," wrote team member Thomas Nivet in an e-mail to Wired. "It tells the story of the planet Mars, being terraformed."
The six-minute short (above) flows like a folk tale being read to a child in a far-distant future. "One day, the fire birds tore the sky apart," says the voiceover, just before a wave of terraforming machines blaze through the Martian atmosphere and land on the rocky red planet. Splendid shots of spaceships and other machinery follow.
In a separate video, titled Terraform: Making Of (below), the ArtFx grads explain how they pulled off their impressive feat. Shot breakdowns and source footage show how they created (and transformed) an alien world.
Watching the two clips is a perfect way to kill time while you're waiting to see how the Curiosity rover's imminent landing on Mars goes.
Every year, Polyphony Digital hosts an annual Christmas party at their offices in Japan with a wide variety of motorsports and gaming industry celebrities in attendance. This year, however, they spiced things up a bit, using the opportunity to show off what appears to be new concept artwork likely related to next year's Gran Turismo Sport.
The new images, which hung on the walls around the office Christmas tree, made their way to social media via Super GT drivers Kohei Hirate and Satoshi Motoyama, and Toyota's Masashi Honda, who indicated his “expectations for the AI is increasing” on Facebook.
The images' remarkable fidelity and seemingly too-good-to-be-true quality has caused a flurry of debate since they were posted to our forums yesterday, so we can't declare these to be new GT Sport “screenshots” just yet.
However, the “GT” logo is displayed in the top right corner of the prints, and the images appear to be entirely new and unique, indicating they are Polyphony's own creations. Some speculate they may be composite images, which combine 3D car models with photographs. Regardless, they are striking images which may offer a good indication of what's to come in GT Sport.
In addition to the artwork, one of the images shows GT Academy star Lucas Ordoñez driving on the Autopolis circuit in what appears to be a debug version of GT6. Although the track is lacking environmental details, Polyphony's team has certainly been giving the track some attention.
Autopolis is a 2.9-mile circuit in southern Japan, near Polyphony's new headquarters in Fukuoka. It is owned and operated by Kawasaki, and regularly hosts Super GT, Super Formula, MFJ Superbike and Super Taikyu races.
Thanks to Twitter user @Rest_rk_02 and our own Dionisiy for the tips!
More Posts On...
Yet nudging has limits not adequately acknowledged by its boosters. For one thing, nudging sometimes simply isn't effective. Some employers are finding that their wellness programs don't work, bringing about diminished morale instead of health benefits (let alone corporate savings). Likewise, calorie labeling may raise awareness of health issues without reducing junk-food consumption.
Even if a nudge does work, the one doing the nudging can alter the context of a single small decision, but cannot change the larger environment. For instance, the nutritionist Kelly Brownell once observed that in the U.S., cumulative annual government spending on promoting healthy food amounts to what food advertisers spend every few days. A prim little reminder that a Big Mac has 563 calories is easily overwhelmed by the saturation of McDonald's toy promotions, jingles, and movie tie-ins. Nor can the average consumer even begin to comprehend the efforts of countless scientists and marketing researchers aiming to make food appealing to the point of addiction.
In finance, the problems with nudging reveal it may even have a dark side. Nudgers are quick to push workers toward retirement savings, but sometimes are not doing enough to warn them about possible risks. The think tank Dēmos estimates that, over a lifetime, retirement-account fees “can cost a median-income two-earner family nearly $155,000.” John Bogle, an investor, has noted that a 2 percent fee applied over a 50-year investing lifetime would erode 63 percent of the value even of an account with healthy returns. As Bogle puts it, “the tyranny of compounding costs” is overwhelming, but that's what some workers are nudged toward by their employers.
Thanks to problems like these, the economist (and frequent Atlantic contributor) Teresa Ghilarducci has called the 401(k) a “failed experiment,” inappropriate for many savers. So why are policymakers so enamored of it? Because the nudge is really a fudge—a way of avoiding the thornier issues at stake in retirement security. The most worrisome unexpected costs of old age, including medicine and personal care, should be addressed by politicians via programs such as Medicare and Medicaid. But by focusing on individuals' decisions to save up for retirement, they can shift responsibility.
This focus on the individual, rather than the wider social context, is not surprising given that nudging comes out of microeconomics and psychology, two disciplines that tend to break the world into dyadic transactions between isolated individuals and firms. A sociological or political perspective, on the other hand, points to the real roots of retirement insecurity: a great shifting of risk from corporations to individuals. Workers can be urged to take all manner of “personal responsibility” for saving—but if their wages are stagnant while other costs are rising, it is hard to imagine that strategy really working.
When Adonit announced the Jot Script at the 2013 Evernote Conference, the form-factor of the stylus caused a bit of a stir among those of us who take our iOS accessories seriously. Admittedly, that's probably a sign that we need to get out more, but Adonit's new stylus entry is impressive: It's the first stylus to market that has an actual pen tip rather than a rubber-nibbed bubble.
We'd been told previously this kind of small-nibbed stylus was a fantasy—that the iPad's multi-touch grid would only render finger-sized taps, hence the necessity for rubber and plastic disks. But Adonit has used technical wizardry to bypass this restriction, mapping pen to iOS device via a low-energy Bluetooth connection.
The technology
This isn't the first time Adonit has used Bluetooth to enable extra functionality in its styluses—its first attempt, the Jot Touch, successfully simulates 2048 levels of pressure sensitivity and offers palm-rejection for supported apps. Likewise, the Script prefers supported apps to truly unleash its Pixelpoint technology and offer precise writing and sketching, but I tested it successfully with several other writing and drawing programs as well without too much degradation.
Part of that success comes from the way that the Script uses its Bluetooth connection. I don't know much about Adonit's new tech, which the company seems to be keeping fairly close to the chest for now, but the Pixelpoint overview describes its functions like so: “Each of the iOS devices has a slightly different capacitance signature coming from their touch screen. When Pixelpoint detects the unique signature of a particular screen, it inverts the signature and sends it back.”
Unlike the Jot Touch, the Script is neither pressure-sensitive nor useful when powered off. Even without a Bluetooth connection, the Touch could be used to do basic taps and swipes on your device; in contrast, the Script needs an active Bluetooth signal and a power source (a AAA battery) to function. When the stylus is powered on, however, its tiny pen nib can do anything you'd normally use your finger for on your iOS device.
Weight and feel
Adonit's build quality has long been stellar when it comes to its styluses, and the Script is no exception. The silver aluminum pen is sized and weighted to feel like a high-end ballpoint, and it feels great in the hand (though I wish it offered some sort of rubber grip, a la the Jot Flip). A tiny Evernote elephant logo on the end of the pen and a green ring around its battery casing are the sole subtle nods to Adonit's partnership with Evernote; the colors evoke the partnership beautifully without any need for overdone branding.
The power button on the Script is almost invisible—the grey rectangular button is hidden along the midpoint of the pen barrel, barely visible but for two small vertical seams. It definitely adds a visually pleasing flair to the pen, though I'll admit to having to dig through the manual to figure out what, exactly, I needed to push for power.
The pen tip is extraordinary in terms of how much it feels like writing with a ballpoint. Like every stylus in existence, it can sometimes be little too slippery against the glass of an iOS device, but short of adding rubber to the nib, there's little to be done about that problem. You fly across the screen while writing—sometimes a little too fast, thanks to the slide—but it's by far the fastest way to write on the iPad.
But how well does it work?
You can make the prettiest stylus in the world, but it's not worth dirt if you can't accurately and comfortably sketch and write with it. I'm happy to report that the Script is an excellent tool for doing both. When the stylus fails, it's easy to get annoyed with it, because it's otherwise almost too good.
When using Paper, I had no problems with offset while using the Script.
All apps more or less work with Script out of the box, though those that haven't been calibrated may see some amount of offset between the pen nib and the result on-screen. I had mixed results here: There was absolutely no offset while using Paper, but the app's brush strokes are quite a bit slower to render than other writing and sketch apps, making quick note-taking difficult; other apps rendered a 5-to-10 pixel offset to the left or right, depending on which hand I held it in.
App makers can incorporate Adonit's SDK to improve the nib's precision on the screen as well as include palm recognition; at launch, Evernote's Penultimate app includes SDK support, with more third-party programs to come. Turning on SDK support is blissfully simple in Penultimate: Turn on your Script, tap the Settings icon, then tap Jot Script Evernote Stylus Setup. The app will hook into the stylus's Bluetooth support, and you're off.
The Script is pretty good, even when it has to deal with folks like me who can't write in a straight line.
From my tests, the Script is clearly a dynamo writing tool and quite possibly the best iPad stylus on the market right now for precise notes. There's something really freeing about not having to compensate for letter spacing because you can't see what you're writing (thanks, rubber nibs!), and though the Script nib is somewhat slippery, you can charge through a quick set of notes in either print or cursive with little difficulty.
I did run into a few problems during my experiments. For one, Penultimate's ink engine occasionally removes what it thinks are mistakes or palm taps but (in my experience) were actually quickly-written letters, often leaving you with “mstaks” and “gofs” in your notes. I believe there's a setting to disable this, but it also means you won't get the benefit of Penultimate's palm rejection.
My big niggle with the pen is that it sometimes feels too natural. I know, I know—what kind of complaint is that? But I start to feel so comfortable with writing quickly across a page that when I goof up on a letter—draw it too fast or overlap a previous word—I get unreasonably mad at the stylus. With rubber nibs, I've learned to instinctively give each letter and word extra space, so as not to mess up notes; with the Script, I write like I would in a notebook, which can get me into a spot of trouble when I or the pen malfunction.
Bottom line
If you take any sort of notes or need a stylus for detail-work, the Jot Script is, hands down, the pen for you. Its $75 price tag may make some hesitate, but the Script's technology (and the time you'll save over writing with a rubber nib) is more than worth the cost. It's not perfect—the stylus goofs occasionally, and there aren't a huge number of apps that support the precision SDK yet, but it still works admirably with unsupported apps. It doesn't have pressure-sensitivity, though—for that, you'll still need a Jot Touch or another pressure-sensitive third-party stylus.
The Script is available from Adonit's store for $75; to use it with your iOS device, you'll need one that supports Bluetooth 4. That includes the following: third-generation iPad or later, first-generation iPad mini or later, and the iPhone 5 or later.
Illinoisans pay nearly a quarter of their wireless bills in taxes
Illinoisans pay nearly a quarter of their wireless bills in taxes
Illinoisans pay nearly a quarter of their wireless bills in taxes, while Chicagoans pay more taxes on wireless service than residents of any other major city in the country.
Illinoisans pay the fourth-highest wireless taxes in the country, according to a new report from the nonpartisan Tax Foundation.
With the combination of federal, state and local wireless taxes and fees, Illinoisans shoulder a 24 percent burden. Illinois ranks behind only Nebraska in the Midwest, and Illinois' combined wireless taxes are nearly six percentage points higher than the national average.
As the Tax Foundation points out, Americans – especially those in low-income households ­– increasingly rely on wireless service as their sole means of communication and connectivity.
Nearly half of Illinois households are wireless-only consumers. And in 2014, nearly 60 percent of poor U.S. households relied on wireless service alone.
Illinois levies a state telecommunications tax of 7 percent, which municipalities other than Chicago can also levy at rates of up to 6 percent. And Chicago tacks on an additional 7 percent telecommunications tax at the city level.
Chicagoans pay more taxes on wireless service than residents of any other major city in the country. A Windy City household with a four-line wireless plan costing $100 a month pays more than $36 in taxes on each bill, according to the Tax Foundation.
Under some payment plans, a Chicagoan can pay more in taxes on an additional line than on the line itself.
Illinois is one of only two states and Washington, D.C., to levy taxes on wireless service at higher state tax rates in lieu of the broad sales taxes that apply to most other purchases. Only Illinois and Florida levy state-level telecommunications taxes with local add-ons.
Yik Yak is doing it backward. While most social apps drum up interest in Silicon Valley and move outward from there, the founders of the anonymous college-specific social network started with what they knew: Furman University, a private Baptist college with about 2,600 students.
From their their Greenville, S.C. alma mater, Yik Yak cofounders Tyler Droll and Brooks Buffington expanded their mission to connect students at campuses across the southeast. “San Francisco is the last place we conquered,” explained Buffington.
“As long as one person forwarded the email to their organization, we would take over a school in a day.”
“Every Tuesday, we would sit down and send out thousands upon thousands of personalized emails,” Buffington described in a panel talk at South by Southwest 2015. “I had multiple email addresses… Google shut me out because I was sending too many emails.”
The emails were targeted to college organizations, encouraging them to download Yik Yak “because their rival school was using it.” The trick worked on Georgia Tech, and then on the University of Georgia, and then the University of Alabama, and so on.
It was as simple as saying “Hey, they're using [Yik Yak], it's kind of weird that you guys aren't,” Buffington said. “As long as one person forwarded the email to their organization, we would take over a school in a day.”
The emails, addressed to Greek leaders and other on-campus groups, didn't read like a pitch you'd see at Stanford: “[Dear] Tyler, would you like to do a solid for a rad dude?”
Playing the schools against each other caught on, and the app spread like wildfire. Unfortunately, so did its trolling problem—but Droll and Buffington claim to be taking that part very seriously.
Yik Yak
“Having moderators deal with everything is not super scalable,” Droll explained. Yik Yak has both an in-house team for community moderation and an outsourced external team that can keep tabs when the Atlanta-based team isn't around. Yik Yak famously implemented geofencing to disable the app within a certain radius of any high school. “We took an unprecedented measure and just blocked all high schools in America,” Droll said. “[It was] basically kicking users off our app.”
Yik Yak can't scale its moderator team to keep up with its user base, so it's looking into natural language processing tools for a more automated approach, Droll explained. “Every day we're trying to make it better.”
Screengrab via Yik Yak
A prosthetic hand can high-five, caress a face, and even interlace its fingers with those of a human. But without the sense of touch, these gestures seem unsatisfying and incomplete. Until now, the full integration of these plastic appendages into the human body has been limited by their inability to feel.
A team of neuroscientists from the University of Chicago and Case Western Reserve University are about to change life for amputees. They've figured out a way to turn the pressure “felt” by a prosthetic hand into a signal that feeds directly into the parts of the brain that deal with hand movement and touch.
Publishing their work in the journal Science Translational Medicine on Wednesday, the scientists report that their system allows people fitted with robotic hands not only to sense pressure, but to feel when that pressure becomes more and less intense. Figuring how to bestow the sense of touch to a piece of plastic, they found, was all about trying to understand what touch really is.
In their paper, the authors explain that creating the interface involved understanding the way the brain encodes information about touch in the first place. In other words, they had to learn how to speak the “neural language” of touch. Building on previous studies, showing that higher-pressure sensations translated into more frequent electrical signals being sent via the nerves, from the hand to the brain, they created an array of electrodes that were implanted into the touch-sensing areas of the brain. This, in turn, was hooked up to electrodes attached to the three nerves in the arm that carry signals about touch from the hand to the brain in intact arms.
Electrical stimulation was delivered by an external stimulator (top left) through percutaneous leads to FINEs implanted on the median, ulnar, and radial nerves of an upper-limb amputee (bottom left). Each electrode contact evokes sensory percepts on small regions of the missing hand of the subject.
When the pressure sensors on the prosthetic hand feel a squeeze, it sends signals to a “portable stimulator,” a device that, ostensibly, turns those messages into electrical signals that then travel up the nerves and into the brain. Changing the intensity of those signals, they write, allows the brain to sense different levels of pressure.
INVERSE LOOT DEALS Meet the Pod The first bed that learns the perfect temperature for your sleep, and dynamically warms or cools according to your needs. Buy Now
They plan to use their newfound tactile capabilities for improving — and expanding — the existing functions of prosthetic hands. The prostheses, while not perfect, are already proving to be much more nimble: One of the subjects tested in their study was able to use his prosthetic hand to shave off hundredths of an inch off a piece of metal, using a lathe — in addition to squeezing a neat line of ketchup, walk a dog on a leash, and pick up fragile eggs without breaking them. Next, the researchers hope to hone their interface so that its integration with the human brain is seamless, allowing amputees to enjoy the sense of touch without a second thought.
Lester Grimes, portrayed by actor Ato Essandoh, is a standout character in the acclaimed first season of HBO's 1970s music industry drama VINYL. The blues artist-turned-manager is a force to be reckoned with, and is also the inspiration for the show's weekly character-inspired playlist of classic songs, curated by music supervisor Randall Poster.
I had the chance to speak with Poster about this new playlist for Lester Grimes, and asked how he chose these songs and how the character inspired the choices.
"This was really about looking back at our inspirationals for the character," Poster told Music Times. "So I went back into the sanctuary and I pulled out what I thought were some of the rarest and tastiest R&B/Blues jams that we had all been listening to."
As you can tell from the selection of tracks below, we get a great taste of popular and rare artists that helped mold the character Lester Grimes.
Here is the tracklist for this week's VINYL playlist from music supervisor Randall Poster, inspired by the character Lester Grimes:
1. Bad Blood - Champion Jack Dupree
2. Bewildered - Amos Milburn
3. Black Cadillac - Lightnin' Hopkins
4. Boom, Boom Out Goes the Lights - Little Walter
5. Cry, Cry, Cry - Bobby "Blue" Bland
6. The First Time I Met the Blues - Little Brother Montgomery
7. Fool That I Be - Otis Blackwell
8. Hopeless - Percy Mayfield
9. If the Sea Was Whiskey - Willie Dixon
10. Just a Sittin' and a Rockin' - Jimmy Witherspoon
11. Life Is Suicide - Percy Mayfield
12. Poor Me - John Lee Hooker
13. Rain Rain Rain - Jay McShann & Jimmy Witherspoon
14. Come On Baby (with The Ted Walker) -Andre Williams
15. I'll Forget About You - Little Junior Parker
16. Well Well Well Baby-La - Nappy Brown
Listen to this Lester Grimes playlist from Randall Poster right here:
Jerry Active, accused of a notorious 2013 double murder and sexual assaults, including one involving a 2-year-old girl, was found guilty on all 12 counts Friday.
The decision comes a day after attorneys closed their arguments against Active, who was charged with a dozen crimes.
The state argued it had an abundance of evidence, including testimony from numerous witnesses and physical evidence, linking Active to the crimes.
Active's attorney disagreed, spending much of the trial casting doubt on DNA evidence on the scene from Active and investigators' methods of testing evidence against the 26-year-old Togiak man.
Active, who appeared in the courtroom wearing thick-rimmed glasses and a dark gray suit, appeared stoic as Anchorage Superior Court Judge Philip Volland read the verdicts against him. A small gathering of the victims' friends and family wept in the benches behind him.
Active was arrested in May 2013 and accused of murdering Touch Chea and Sorn Sreap in their Mountain View apartment. Police said Active also sexually assaulted a 2-year-old girl and a 90-year-old woman and assaulted Von and Minesoreta Seng, who returned home from a movie date to find the bloody scene and Active in the shared apartment.
Active had been released from jail only 12 hours before the crimes occurred. The Alaska attorney general later said that Active, who had a history of violent crimes involving alcohol, should have received a longer sentence.
After the Friday verdict, jurors deliberated on whether "aggravating factors" should be considered in sentencing Active, increasing his penalty. In the court proceedings, state prosecutor Adam Alexander pointed out the disregard Active appeared to have for his victims, forcing them to either watch or be near one another as the crimes were committed. The jury determined there were several aggravating factors relating to Active's deliberate cruelty and the vulnerability of his victims.
Alexander said that even without those factors, the two first-degree murder charges bring a presumptive sentence of 99 years each. He said Active is facing literally hundreds of years in prison.
After the verdict, defense attorney Chong Yim declined to comment.
Von Seng and other members of the family present in court expressed relief at Friday's verdict.
"I feel happy about it, like justice has been served," he said.
Von Seng said he did his best to attend as much of the trial as he could, but that it was difficult. Seeing pictures of the brutal crimes often triggered flashbacks of things he tried to forget, he said.
Von Seng said it upset him to watch the defense try to argue about evidence not being handled properly. For him, the attack on his daughter was more than enough evidence.
"If she did have words and could remember, she would have pointed (Active) out on the spot," Seng said.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Prof Andrew Nichol who operated on the shark victim, said he was lucky to survive
A man has had a leg bitten off and the other severed below the knee in a shark attack near Cape Town, South Africa.
Michael Cohen, a 42-year-old thought to be a British citizen, was swimming at Fish Hoek Beach, even though the area had been closed after a shark sighting.
A white flag warning of the presence of a great white shark was flying.
Amateur footage showed Mr Cohen being airlifted by helicopter from the scene and a large shark in the water. He is said to be in a critical condition.
The victim, believed to be a British expatriate living in South Africa, entered the water about an hour-and-a-half after the shark had first been seen.
"It appears [the victim] was rescued from the water by a bystander who left the scene before we could identify him," National Sea Rescue Institute spokesman Craig Lambinon told the South African Press Association.
"The man was conscious when paramedics attended to him on the beach, but was sedated on-scene by paramedics in their efforts to stabilise the patient."
'Traumatised' family
Professor Andrew Nichol, a trauma surgeon in South Africa, operated on Mr Cohen, who he described as "critical but stable, on extremely strong antibiotics and going into theatre again tomorrow".
He also said Mr Cohen had needed seven litres of blood after suffering from massive blood loss, and credited a first aider on the beach who he said had applied a wetsuit as an "amateur" but effective tourniquet.
Prof Nichol also said he had spoken to the victim's family, describing them as "traumatised" by the incident.
A Foreign Office spokeswoman said: "We are aware of reports that a British man has been attacked by a shark off the coast of South Africa. We have offered consular assistance."
Share
At a time when the entire U.S. surveillance community is under fire for snooping on everybody's private business, you might think a little rebranding is in order. Something lovable and non-threatening – something cute and cuddly, like Whiskers the NSA Kitten. That could win people over, right? How can you be against kittens? You can't, is the answer.
So, is the Office of the Director of National Intelligence – the agency that oversees the NSA – going to revamp its image with adorable snugglebombs? Ha! Who do you think protects this country from the world's most fearsome terrorists, six-year-old girls? Buzzfeed editors? The moderators of /r/aww? Get real, you pansy.
No – ODNI has a much better mascot in mind: A giant, world-eating octopus!
This is a real thing: On the side of a National Reconnaissance Office (NRO) spy satellite that launched on Thursday night, you'll find the logo for NROL-39: an Earth-encompassing octopus along with the tagline “Nothing is beyond our reach.” Nothing!
In a statement given to Forbes' Kashmir Hill, NRO spokeswoman Karen Furgerson defended the logo, saying “NROL-39 is represented by the octopus, a versatile, adaptive, and highly intelligent creature. Emblematically, enemies of the United States can be reached no matter where they choose to hide.” Furgerson added that the “Nothing is beyond our reach” line “defines our mission and the value it brings to our nation …”
The NROL-39 satellite is carrying a “classified payload,” Hill reports, so we can only imagine what this satellite will be used to do, specifically. But given all we now know about the NSA's activities these days, one doesn't need to strain too hard.
In addition to the giant octopus, NRO's logo selection includes a bull, a dragon, a panther, a buffalo, and this:
Yes, really.
rich in experiences, poor in Stuff
Standing in the dinghy and holding the toe rail of the Canadian boat, Gromit, we quickly moved from introductions to bon voyage wishes for our newest cruising friends. Totem had recently arrived in the anchorage, and these twenty minutes were all the time we'd have before Gromit and crew departed for Thailand. Would we like their Malaysian internet SIM card? How about the mobile SIM? We open up our various devices, remove the Thai cards that we won't need any more, and make the obvious trade with a quick swap over the water.
We had reached this anchorage with just enough time for a brief overlap with the ketch Rutea. Our prior meeting with Neal and Ruthie was a flyby in 2009, as they motored out of a small bay in the Sea of Cortez while we motored in and loitered with the boats adjacent for a few minutes of greetings and anchorage tips. A touch over 20,000 cruising miles later, we finally intersected for a night in an anchorage and shared a few hours in Rutea's cockpit that afternoon. The priority was a chance to get to know each other better, but it's impossible to pass up the obvious swap. Before they left the next day, we did an informal exchange- our remaining Thai baht for their Malaysian ringgit. Their daughter had recently left the boat, and left behind art supplies she wouldn't reclaim- would we like them? (Yes!)
The lovely Tenaya arrived a few weeks later for yet another anticipated (and brief) meeting. Katie, Tenaya's co-captain, had contacted us a year or so ago for information about cruising in Papua New Guinea. I took one look at their Facebook cover page with a dinghy packed full of happy kids in Vanuatu, and knew these were my people! Another brief but sweet encounter. Some swaps naturally occurred. Tenaya is being shipped to the North Sea, and isn't allowed to have jerry cans: would we like their deck jugs? How about the stack of travel guides for Borneo, where we'll be headed this year? We had another Thai internet SIM left by our friend Frank, still loaded with data- would they like it?
Actively sharing from what you have happens naturally with cruisers who are far from home. As soon as something isn't needed, we try to pass it along.
The relatively minimalist lifestyle makes this easier. Moving aboard means getting rid of the overwhelming majority of your Stuff: today, we live with just a small fraction of our belongings from prior land-life. The less we have, the lighter and happier we feel, and perhaps ironically, the easier it is to give away.
Back at home, our garage held storage boxes with contents we no longer remembered. Other people have storage units – multiples even – that have been filled for years, with a considerable sum as the ransom for fear they might be needed, someday. On a boat, there's no room to keep things you don't need, and that in itself is a gift. Getting rid of those things that you don't need (and if you have it packed away in a box, or a storage unit, there's not much of a case for “need”) is liberating.
So when Kathy came back to Love Song from a trip home to the USA last week and stopped by to bring us a stack of magazines, I understood perfectly. She divided them between us and another boat; we'll read them, trade, then move them along. When we got to Telaga, we brought a bag of clothes we no longer needed that Kathey's boys might fit into. She had a t-shirts that were perfect for our girls.
Being adept at reusing what you have is a good skill for cruising remotely, and even not so remotely. Most cruisers have reduced dramatically in the transition to living aboard a boat. Recycling by passing along to others whatever has become excess, whether it's a spare piece of teak or a good book, is natural.
Liberated minimalists know we feel the love when you read this on the Sailfeed website.
This article was syndicated from S/V Totem - a family sailing the world
Attacking a police officer might soon become a hate crime in Louisiana as the state is going to enact the so-called “Blue Lives Matter” bill. The governor is expected to sign it into law, the first ever of its kind in the US.
Passed by both the House and the Senate, HB 953 expands the state's hate-crime law to include law enforcement officers, firefighters and medical first responders.
In many states, including in Louisiana, there are laws covering bias-motivated crimes against people based on their skin color, nationality, gender, disability or religion. Relatively recently, sexual orientation and gender identity have also been added to some lists of protected categories.
"If you're going to have an extensive hate crime statute then we need to protect those that are out there protecting us on a daily basis," Rep. Lance Harris, who introduced the bill, told CNN.
Read more
Under the bill, anyone convicted of a hate-motivated felony against an officer may face up to a $5,000 fine and up to five years of prison, while a misdemeanor hate crime against an officer comes with a maximum $500 fine and six-month prison sentence.
The bill takes its unofficial name from Black Lives Matter, a movement widely protesting police brutality across the US. However, it mirrors the problem, since the bill was inspired by the death of Darren Goforth, a Texas sheriff's deputy who was shot "execution-style" in an ambush in August 2015.
It is now awaiting the signature of Democratic Governor John Bel Edwards, who has expressed his support for the measure.
“The members of the law enforcement community deserve these protections, and I look forward to signing this bill into law,” the governor said in a statement, stressing his “greatest respect for the men and women who put their lives on the line every day.”
Edwards, a “son and brother of a sheriff” himself, could sign the bill into law as early as this week, according to Talking Points Memo.
However, the “Blue Live Matter” bill has also drawn some criticism from groups such as the Anti-Defamation League, which argues that it is unnecessary to equal hate crimes and attacks on police.
“Proving the bias intent for a hate crime for law enforcement or first responders is very different than proving it for someone who is Jewish or gay or black,” the ADL's South Central regional director, Allison Padilla-Goodman, told the Advocate earlier.
La bandera en cuestión tiene una extensión de 500 metros y 3.500 metros cuadrados. Cubrirá la totalidad de la popular de Regatas, la platea del río y la popular de calle Génova. También abrazará los extremos de la platea de Cordiviola (sólo quedará libre el sector del alero).
Nueva bandera Central 1 bandera.jpg El trapo. La bandera, ayer, mientras se esperaba la aprobación.
La particularidad es que la bandera se desplegará una sola vez, cuando el equipo ingrese al campo de juego. Después de eso no se recogerá nuevamente hacia arriba, sino que se bajará por completo, para que la gente que esté preparada para eso pueda cortarla en el límite de cada tribuna y así poder retirarla rápidamente.
Según pudo saberse a través de las imágenes que circularon estos días por las redes sociales, la bandera lleva, entre otros dibujos el escudo de Central y del Monumento a la bandera. También una ilustración y las palabras "Los Guerreros" y el escudo del Partido Justicialista.
bandera5.jpg La bandera, desplegada sobre el césped del Gigante. bandera2 (2).jpg bandera3.jpg
Ayer pasó las pruebas de incendio a cargo de seguridad, la policía y bomberos y finalmente le dieron el visto bueno para su utilización en el clásico rosarino.
Leer más: Habrá bandera
Esta tarde a las 17, cuando el plantel del Central salga a la cancha para disputar el clásico ante Newell's, desde las tribunas se deplegará por primera vez una bandera que cubrirá casi todas las tribunas.
Federal mandarins have moved to address a growing shortage of data skills and literacy among public servants, part of a world-wide trend that is not sector-specific. They see a critical need to upskill the whole workforce.
All public servants need basic data skills to do their jobs well alongside colleagues with specialist expertise in the area, federal mandarins believe.
A new roadmap sets out the training programs that will give the Australian Public Service the wholesale data literacy and skills upgrade it sorely needs in the view of senior public servants and the Assistant Minister for Digital Transformation, Angus Taylor.
The new data skills and capability framework, published on Thursday, aims to head off a “forecast shortfall in data skills” expected to emerge in the public sector — and the wider business world, for that matter — according to Taylor.
It has been in the works since last December, when it was recommended by a study into public sector data management commissioned by Department of the Prime Minister and Cabinet secretary Martin Parkinson.
Federal secretaries believe skills in publishing, linking and sharing public data will be increasingly crucial for general public service work in the future: producing evidence-based advice, finding new efficiencies, raising service delivery standards and even stakeholder engagement.
The junior minister expects the short term job placements with data specialists, university courses, training partnerships and the “data literacy program” in the plan to improve just about every aspect of the APS. He said in a statement:
“It is important – both in government and in non-government sectors – that we remain committed to improving the data skills and capability of our workforce. Data skills are critical for developing evidence-based policy, which is so important in improving the lives of Australians.” “One of the training initiatives will be a Data Fellowship, to place nominated employees within the CSIRO's Data 61 team or with select private sector organisations to help the APS maintain world-leading capabilities.”
The new booklet acknowledges that “while foundational data skills are important for all APS employees, some roles require more specialised data skills” and defines what some of these are.
Alongside the data analysts, there are generic descriptions of data policy and law experts, infrastructure engineers, data architects and data scientists, who combine analysis with software programming skills, business acumen and communication skills, according to PM&C.
The head agency has partnered up with the private and academic sectors, the Australian Public Service Commission and other federal agencies to carry out its “holistic approach” to service-wide upskilling.
The data fellowship component will be open to just 10 lucky public servants each year, “high performing candidates” nominated by the data champion in their neck of the woods. They will spend three months with either Data61 or a relevant business:
Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn
Michael Darda sent me some interesting information about the Japanese monetary base:
There are several ways of looking at this data. The growth in the base over the past 20 years has been much slower than during the previous 20 years. Thus it would be hard to claim QE didn't work in Japan, as they didn't even increase the base half as fast as when they weren't doing QE.
On the other hand during the past 18 years Japan's NGDP has been relatively flat. So the growth rate of the base was much higher than NGDP, suggesting a falling rate of base velocity. That does make QE look ineffective. Especially when you consider that there were brief periods when base growth soared to nearly 40%.
But an even closer look as the data shows that these spurts in base growth were temporary, and were partially rescinded just a few years later. Note the QE in the late 1990s when deflation first became a major problem. Then the small drop in the base just a year or two later. There was an even bigger bout of QE in the 2002-03 recession, followed by a much bigger drop in the base after the economy picked up a bit. This doesn't show that QE doesn't work; it shows that temporary monetary injections don't have much impact on NGDP. But we already knew that, in fact it's rather obvious if you think about it.
How do I know that the base declines in 2000 and 2006 were not just random? How do I know the BOJ was intentional tightening policy? Because on both occasions the BOJ raised interest rates, which is something no central bank does in a liquidity trap. Ever.
Some people look at these facts and see a central bank that was powerless to boost NGDP. That seems crazy to me. Why would a central bank trying to raise NGDP reduce the monetary base? Why would they raise rates? Here's an alternative view. Suppose the BOJ was trying to prevent inflation. Then every time the CPI inflation rate rose up to zero, they would tighten policy. If my hypothesis is correct, then what type of path would one predict for the Japanese monetary base? The answer is surprising; almost exactly the path that we actually observed. Here's why:
1. Because the trend rate of inflation fell sharply between 1970-90 and 1991-2010, nominal interest rates fell close to zero (the Fisher effect.) This would produce a large increase in the real demand for base money, or a large fall in velocity. And that's exactly what we observed in Japan after 1990.
2. When near the zero bound, the demand for base money will not be stable. When conditions are depressed, the demand for money will pick up somewhat, and the BOJ will have to inject large amounts of base money to prevent severe deflation. That's the late 1990s, and 2002-03. When things pick up a bit the demand for money will fall, and the BOJ will have to remove a significant amount of base money to prevent inflation. And that's what happened in 2000 and 2006.
3. But they won't remove all the base money injected earlier. Recall that at near zero interest rates there is that permanent increase in the demand for liquidity.
Bennett McCallum once proposed that the Fed adjust the monetary base to offset changes in velocity during the previous quarter. That would keep NGDP relatively stable. I seem to recall McCallum proposed that NGDP be allowed to grow at a modest but steady rate. The Japanese seem to have basically adopted this policy, but with a zero percent NGDP growth target. No, I don't believe they are consciously behaving this way, but it is interesting to consider that this is almost exactly the way the BOJ should behave if it wanted to keep NGDP constant, or the NGDP deflator falling at about 1% per year.
So QE did work in Japan. They got steady NGDP. The next question is why they acted as if they had such a peculiar policy target. Some people tell me that “Japan” likes low inflation because they have lots of old people on fixed incomes. But “Japan” isn't a person, it's a country. Japan didn't decide to follow a policy of stable NGDP, the BOJ did. At the very same time the BOJ was deflating the economy the Japanese fiscal authorities were aggressively trying to boost NGDP through expensive construction projects, which have put Japan deeply in debt. The BOJ sabotaged those efforts. No, “Japan” did not adopt a stable NGDP target (or mild deflation target), the BOJ did. That's even more peculiar.
PS. I will try to catch up on comments this weekend.
PPS. I just added an interesting Romer quotation to the end of the previous post.
Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn
Tags:
This entry was posted on March 25th, 2011 and is filed under Japan, Monetary Policy, Quantitative Easing. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response or Trackback from your own site.
Hugh Jackman has allegedly been offered $100 million (Â£64m) to reprise his role as Wolverine in four more X-Men-related movies.
The National Enquirer claims to have heard from a friend of the Oscar-nominated actor that he is in two minds whether to sign the multi-film deal.
"Hugh has a big decision to make. It's not every day an actor gets offered this kind of paycheck, but Hugh vowed never to lock himself into any multi-picture deals after X-Men," the source is quoted as saying.
"He hasn't given any kind of answer yet, so at least he's considering it."
Jackman has portrayed the mutant anti-hero in seven movies, including a brief cameo in 2011's X-Men: First Class and an appearance in the upcoming X-Men: Days of Future Past.
His latest outing was in James Mangold's The Wolverine, which arrived in cinemas last month.
Watch a trailer for The Wolverine below:
'The Wolverine' UK premiere - photo gallery:The Wolverine UK premiere
That's some mighty interesting polling data you've got there
In statistics, the more one repeats something, the less likely chance there is that one will end up with really unusual data.
For instance, flipping a coin only twice and having both flips land ‘heads' would yield the not entierly unusual result of a 100% occurance of ‘heads' versus ‘tails'. If, however, like Rosencrantz, you filp a coin 92 times and you end up with the same 100% result, you can rest assured that either something stupendously unlikely has happened or that maybe something ‘untowards' has happened.
Now take polling: one would expect that the more polls one throws into the mix, the less likely it is that we will see a ‘Rosencrantzian' result. Just for fun today (yes, I have a sick idea of “fun”), I took the polls from every polling firm conducted in all of 2009 and averaged them together.
I was, to say the least, surprised at what I found.
I have no solid explanation as to what could cause this kind of discrepancy (at least none that would save me from the threat of litigation), however I invite my readers to critical consider for themselves which of the following two possible explanations is more likely:
Occam's razor is wrong and every single other reputable polling firm in the country (Ekos, Strategic, Angus-Reid, Environics, Decima, Nanos, Leger etc…) has flawed methodology while Ipsos Reid is the only firm with accurate methodology; or Occam's razor — one of the most fundamental scientific precepts of the last millennium — is true after all and Ipsos Reid should explain themselves why their data so thoroughly contradicts everyone else's.
Edit/Update:
Okay, some people have been asking some (legitimate) questions about my data and sources and I actually can't believe that I forgot to include that information in this post.
First, the background:
There were five polls from Ipsos Reid and 24 polls from everybody else.
The MoE for five the Ipsos Reid polls (at an average of approximately 1000 respondents per poll) would be:
0.98/((1000*5)^(1/2))= approx. 1.39%.
The question was raised about how interrelated the other polls are and that's a good question because of Bayes' theorem.
I should have mentioned that the other 24 polls are not lop-sidedly produced by one polling firm or another. Each polling firm has its own methodology (some use random dialling – e.g. Decima – and some use lists – most others. Some prompt for party preference – e.g. Ekos – while others do not prompt – e.g. Nanos.. Et cetera)
The breakdown of polls from the other polling firms are:
Leger – 1 polls
Nanos – 5 polls
Decima – 5 polls
Angus-Reid – 5 polls
Ekos – 3 polls
Strategic – 5 polls
Ipsos – 5 polls
The sources of all polls conducted for this piece were each polling firm's individual website. You can access an exhaustive list of all the 2009 polls (with links to said websites) here.
The following, for those interested, is a definitive list of all polls used for this piece.
Advertisements
Drug addicts desperate to kick the habit are forced to commit criminal offences to get a place in rehab, the father of singer Amy Winehouse told MPs today.
Mitch Winehouse, who is making a documentary on drug use, was giving evidence to the home affairs select committee on the cocaine trade. He said drug users struggling to get clean had to wait at least a year for treatment while addicts committing other crimes were often given places in residential rehabilitation centres.
Amy Winehouse has struggled with drink and drug problems in recent years. The singer of songs such as Rehab recently returned to live performing after an eight-month stay in the Caribbean and her divorce from husband Blake Fielder-Civil in July.
Her father said he had heard stories of people trying to steal their way into rehab after finding themselves unable to get treatment through the normal channels.
"Anecdotally, people are definitely committing offences so they can have a chance, and it's only a chance, of receiving treatment," he said. "The biggest impact on families is that there is very little help available to them, especially if their relative is a non-offending addict.
"Their first port of call will be the GP and then they will refer them on to the local health authority.
"The problem that we have found in our research in London is that there is a period of a year before any treatment can be given. It's very difficult, and the reason for this is the majority of funding is taken up by the criminal justice system."
He said that this had happened to his son-in-law – Fielder-Civil – when, as part of a sentence, the judge offered him a period in residential rehab. "So we have a situation where a non-offending addict and his family are looking for help and there are very few resources available to them."
However, Winehouse's claims were dismissed by the National Treatment Agency for Substance Misuse (NTA), which is part of the NHS.
It said waiting lists for drug treatment in England had fallen to an average of one week, while 93% of people got the help they needed in three weeks, even when a stay in a residential rehabilitation centre was required. The agency added that, in 2008-09, 207,580 adults in England were treated for drug abuse.
Paul Hayes, the NTA's chief executive, said: "Drug treatment in England has never been more available to members of the public who need it. We think it is important that the public knows that, if they or a family member needs help, they can get it on the NHS."
Earlier, the committee had asked two drug policy experts about the scale of Britain's cocaine problem.
Professor Neil McKeganey, from the centre for drug misuse research at Glasgow University, described the rise in the use of cocaine as "very worrying". He said: "In my view, cocaine is one of the most serious threats we are facing. It's not yet on the scale of heroin but it is changing dramatically in terms of misuse."
Asked about the extent to which the behaviour of drug-taking celebrities could be blamed for drug use among the young, he said: "We wouldn't have one of the largest drug problems in Europe if our drug prevention policies had been successful. I think that [celebrity drug use] doesn't help matters, but it doesn't have a substantial impact on young people taking drugs."
Steve Rolles, head of research at the Transform Drug Policy Foundation, agreed. "It's a red herring and reflects politicians' concerns with tabloid obsessions more than anything else," he said. "There are drug wars in Colombia and we must move on from what Amy Winehouse does on her weekends."
Shares
Yahoo News appears to have confused NaturalNews with actual news. It's not. NaturalNews is the in-house propaganda organ for Mike Adams, whom I'll introduce in a minute (although he needs no introduction for most readers here). A couple of recent examples:
A recycled story, over a year old, from NaturalNews, appearing on Yahoo News last week. It starts out as a fairly straightforward report of the Japanese's governments suspending its recommendation if favor of the HPV vaccine pending further research, although government health officials were still standing by the vaccine's safety. Actually, Medscape reported that the actual rate was 12.8 serious adverse side effects reported per 1 million doses, a fact not revealed in the NaturalNews story. These effects were correlated with the vaccine; there is no evidence of causation.
After this rather tame start, NaturalNews cranks it up to 11 and beyond, as David Gorski would say. Governments which still recommend HPV vaccinations “remain under the thumb of Merck's vaccinations spell” even though Merck is “an organization of murderers and thieves.” A scary list of adverse events are described as “side effects of Guardasil” even though causation has not been shown.
Two days ago there was an “ongoing debate”? There is no ongoing debate about “whether or not vaccines cause autism” because there never was any credible evidence that vaccines cause autism and there still isn't.
This time, NaturalNews is doing the recycling. In 2009, according to a British news report, there was a ruling from an official called the “Information Commissioner” that the British government must release vaccine-related documents per Freedom of Information Act request. According to NaturalNews, the released documents revealed that, in the 1980's, GlaxoSmithKline knew that one of its vaccines was causing “encephalitis and other conditions associated with autism,” although it gives no independent confirmation of this assertion from any reliable news source. The rest of the story is a rehash of more conspiracy theories about the repeatedly debunked vaccine-autism link, citing cherry-picked evidence. Andrew Wakefield, who's lately been reduced to giving lectures to “pediatric chiropractors,” is called a “brave soul” who “came forward publicly with data linking the MMR vaccine to autism-related health outcomes.”
Background
Regular SBM readers need no introduction to Adams and his website. For those who've been fortunate enough never to have been exposed to Adams, here's a summary:
Where did I get this description? From Wikipedia, which turned up as one of the top hits when I did a Yahoo search for “Mike Adams NaturalNews.” (Citations were omitted for brevity's sake, although the original links are preserved.) You'd think that Yahoo employees could perform such a simple search using their own search engine before deciding to feature blurbs from NaturalNews on the Yahoo News daily web page. Either they didn't or, even worse, ignored the copious criticism and decided to use NaturalNews as a source anyway.
I don't know when Yahoo started featuring NaturalNews as “news.” My monitoring of the site was limited to about a month, from August 27th to September 30th. Although the Wikipedia entry was apparently created in 2013, source materials for the criticism go back to 2008 and could be found elsewhere with a bit of effort. For example, Orac has been covering Adams for years. Heck, for that matter, any intelligent person simply reading NaturalNews could have figured out that it shouldn't be trusted.
You've got mail, Yahoo
Even if Yahoo's employees were not smart enough, or didn't care enough, to do a search for Adams and NaturalNews before exposing the public to his loathsome propaganda, at least one of them knew about it on August 27th. I sent Yahoo an e-mail on that date after I discovered, to my horror, that Yahoo News had mistakenly (giving them the benefit of the doubt) confused NaturalNews with reliable news sources such as AP, Reuters, and AFP, which it also runs. (HuffPo, another source with a sometimes tenuous grasp of scientific evidence, makes a regular appearance too.) The e-mail was sent (from my Yahoo account, no less) to the only address I could find on Yahoo's website that seemed even remotely related to the subject: [email protected]
I cited this example:
And wrote:
The NaturalNews story linked by Yahoo is an excellent example of the type of unproven and disproven therapies promoted by the website and Mr. Adams. It is nothing more than a series of anecdotes about unproven and potentially dangerous therapies, like Gerson Therapy for cancer. Gerson Therapy has no plausible basis in science, no evidence of effectiveness and can be dangerous. (Reference: Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center.) In addition, the story is promoting abandoning proven medical therapies for cancer in favor of “alternative” treatments.
I gave Yahoo these links for further information:
NaturalNews and its creator, Mike Adams, are widely criticized as promoting unfounded conspiracy theories and as being AIDS denialists and anti-vaccination, among other things. You can read the Wikipedia entry here. Science-Based Medicine's most recent blog post about Natural News and Mr. Adams can be found here.
I told them I was a blogger for SBM and made this request:
Given this information, I would like to find out how Yahoo chose to link to Natural News and, more broadly, what process is used to vet websites and other information sources for use on Yahoo News. Could you please provide someone in the Yahoo organization who can speak with me about these issues or who would answer questions by e-mail?
No response. On September 8th, I followed up with another request. Still no response. In addition to not using Yahoo's search engine, maybe Yahoo doesn't read its Yahoo e-mails either.
But wait, there's more
Yahoo's links to NaturalNews are not limited to repeatedly debunked anti-vaccination rhetoric and promotion of bogus cancer cures.
More mercury fear mongering. Suggests mercury poisoning is rampant but is often mislabeled by the medical profession as fibromyalgia, multiple sclerosis and other conditions and that it is the real reason for some childhood brain disorders. Repeats mercury-vaccine-autism connection myth. Advises removal of dental fillings containing mercury. Suggests the use of herbal remedies to rid the body of mercury, such as one which claims to use “power nano-colloidal zeolites and organic ingredients to aid the body in cleansing chemicals and toxic metals.” One source for this collection of misinformation: “functional medicine” guru, Dr. Mark Hyman.
While a bit histrionic, as Adams is wont to be about Ebola (and much else), the problem with this story is not so much the content, but its use as part of NaturalNews campaign to promote Adams's Ebola “bio-preparedness” program, which advises the use of such things as herbal remedies and “essential oils.” As Orac notes, “not surprisingly, he advertises d¬¬oTerra OnGuard Essential Oil Blend, which claims to ‘support the immune system.'” doTerra, among others, recently got into hot water with the FDA for selling quack Ebola remedies, a perfectly reasonable regulatory action that sent Adams into orbit.
Despite the scary headline, the report is actually about an article in the journal Pediatrics , which found that the hospitalization rate for ingestion of buprenorphine products by unsupervised children was significantly higher than rates for all other commonly implicated medications and suggested focusing prevention efforts on that particular problem. But then NaturalNews again cranks it up to 11 again, with a rant about annual deaths from prescription drugs and a tirade against alleged federal government pot raids “bashing down doors at 6:00 AM, shooting family pets and terrorizing handcuffed parents and kids” to “show them what law and order's all about.”
A promotion for an interview on NaturalNews Talk Radio with Dr. Howard Robins, a podiatrist and self-proclaimed “bio-oxidative therapy” expert, who has performed thousands of “Direct IV ozone treatments” and claims to have started the “oxygen bar” business. “You'll learn how medical ozone therapy effectively destroys unwanted bacteria, fungi, viruses, plaque and, even cancer cells.” According to NaturalNews , ozone therapy was successfully being employed in the U.S. to treat anemia, respiratory ailments, infectious diseases and “countless incurable health issues,” until the FDA seized all the ozone machines, suggesting that “conventional medicine” is worried about losing business. “If you suffer from an ‘incurable' condition – do NOT miss this show!” The American Cancer Society begs to differ, as do others.
The NaturalNews feed on Yahoo is just the tip of the iceberg. Once you get to the actual site (which is, after all, the point of the links), the reader is consistently bombarded with vaccine fear-mongering, government-Big Pharma conspiracy theories, ads for a plethora of bogus products (anti-parasite treatments, how to make your own colloidal silver, homeopathic remedies), advice on this and that dietary supplement for all manner of diseases, Ebola scare articles and quack Ebola “bio-defense” methods, a myriad of ways to “detoxify” oneself, and continued promotion of the debunked “CDC whistleblower” story. It's not for nothing that Adams and NaturalNews earned universal condemnation in the science blogosphere.
The insurance company State Farm was recently called out for featuring former SNL player and anti-vaccination activist Rob Schneider in an ad campaign. To its credit, State Farm dropped the ads. What Yahoo is doing is far worse. Rob Schneider can't touch Mike Adams for anti-vaccination lunacy, which is just one of Adams off-the-rails specialties. NaturalNews feeds should disappear from Yahoo News and the company should apologize for ever running them.
Yahoo didn't pay any attention to me. Maybe others will fill their inbox with protests after reading this. I hope so.
Five Palestinians were killed by Israeli air strikes on Thursday morning, as militants shot around 250 rockets into Israel, killing three Israelis.
The latest violence raised the total number of Gazans killed by Israeli air strikes since Wednesday to 15. At least 120 other residents of the coastal enclave have been injured, according to medics.
In the same period, Gaza rockets killed three Israelis and injured another five in a direct hit on a residential building in the southern town of Kiryat Malahi, said Israeli police.
The world reacts to the air strikes in Gaza
"We have three killed," spokeswoman Luba Samri told the AFP news agency, saying four other people were also injured in a "direct hit on a house" in the town, 30km north of the Gaza Strip.
The fighting began when Israel assassinated Ahmed al-Jabari, head of Hamas' military wing, with an air strike on his car in Gaza on Wednesday. Jabari's bodyguard and son were also killed in the strike.
Thursday's rocket fire on Kiryat Malahi was claimed by Jabari's group, the Ezzedine al-Qassam Brigades, in a statement on its website.
Israeli authorities said more than 250 rockets and mortars were fired by Hamas and other armed groups from Gaza as of Thursday afternoon, and its Iron Dome interceptor missile system had shot down dozens of the projectiles.
On either side of the frontier, people fled streets for cover.
Expecting days or more of fighting, Israel warned Hamas all its men were in its sights and weathered censure from
influential Arab countries - with the Arab League announcing it was to hold an emergency meeting on Saturday and Egypt recalling its ambassador to Israel.
The United States condemned Hamas, long shunned by the West as an obstacle to peace.
'Clear message'
Speaking on Wedneday night, hours after a major wave of air strikes pounded targets in the Palestinian Gaza Strip, Netanyahu vowed that Israel would not tolerate any further rocket fire on its territory.
In a televised address, Netanyahu said: "Today we sent a clear message to Hamas and other terrorist organisations, and if it becomes necessary we are prepared to expand the operation.
"Hamas and the terror organisations have chosen to escalate their attacks on the citizens of Israel in recent days," he said after consultations with his security cabinet.
"We will not tolerate a situation in which Israeli citizens are threatened by rocket fire."
Al Jazeera's Nadim Baba, reporting from Gaza, said: "In the last 30 seconds there was another big blast. [The strikes] have been going on all evening.
"It is not just air strikes, but also strikes from Israeli naval ships just off the coast of Gaza."
Baba said the streets of Gaza City on Wednesday evening were "eerily quiet, except for the sound of ambulances".
"The latest from medical sources is that at least seven people have been killed, including two children, and at least 60 people have been wounded, including ten children."
'Gates of hell'
The Ezzedine al-Qassam Brigades, the armed wing of Hamas headed by Jabari, issued a communique saying Israel had "opened the gates of hell on itself", and Hamas spokesman Fawzi Barhum said the strike was tantamount to a "declaration of war".
"The occupation committed a dangerous crime and crossed all the red lines, which is considered a declaration of war", he said in a statement.
"The occupation will pay dearly for this and we will make it regret the moment they thought about it."
Hamas said it had fired at least 20 rockets into Israel in retaliation for Jabari's assassination, shortly after the air strike tore his car to pieces.
Mark Regev, spokesperson for the Israeli prime minister's office, told Al Jazeera: "We are continuing to hit Hamas targets, and their missile sites, because we knew they would [be] responding immediately...Ultimately we did not want this round of fighting, it was forced upon us.
"We will not allow Hamas to terrorise our civilian population. All the options are open.
"Our most important goal is to protect our people. Hamas has deliberately targeted civilians. They deliberately use Gaza civilians as human shields, too."
Rising tensions
The strikes came after five days of rising tensions along the Gaza border which began on Saturday when Palestinian fighters fired an anti-tank rocket at an army jeep, sparking Israeli fire which killed seven.
Ehud Barak, the Israeli defence minister, said the strike was only the beginning of an operation with the goals of strengthening Israel's deterrence, damaging armed groups' rocket-firing capabilities and stamping out attacks on southern Israel.
Ali Abunimah of Electronic Intifada: "This is an example of the lust for violence we have seen repeatedly from Israel."
"Israel doesn't want a war but the Hamas provocation of recent weeks, with recurring, frequent rounds of mortar and rockets fired at southern Israel, an explosive tunnel that was activated...and anti-tank fire at a jeep in Israel, forced us to act sharply and decisively," Barak said.
"We are at the beginning, not end of this action," he said, stressing the need to be "on high alert in Israel and West Bank... It won't be a quick fix.. but we'll reach goals we set for this operation."
He urged regional leaders to act "judiciously and with a cool head to promote stability and return of quiet, and not to be dragged to their deterioration".
The operation prompted widespread condemnation, with Egyptian President Mohamed Morsi recalling Cairo's envoy to Israel and summoning the Israeli ambassador for consultations, his spokesman said.
Following a request from Morsi, Arab League chief Nabil el-Arabi said the organisation was preparing to hold an emergency meeting over the violence.
Britain also urged restraint and Russia said it was "very concerned" about the escalation, while Washington said it was watching developments in Gaza "closely".
Israeli army spokeswoman Avital Leibovich said the operation, code named "Pillar of Defence", had only just begun with the air force hitting "close to 20 targets" used for launching rockets, especially those with a range of 40km, and causing "significant damage".
Free at last! Chimps caged for 30 years and injected with HIV in cruel experiments finally feel the sun on their faces again
Like prisoners emerging from a lifetime behind bars, a group of chimpanzees steps blinking into the sunlight with what appears for all the world to be a wave and a smile.
And they have much to be joyful about. For this is the first time they have felt grass under their feet and breathed fresh air for 30 years.
Though a few of the chimps were born in captivity, most were kidnapped from African jungles as babies and flown to Europe, where they were locked in metal laboratory cages to be used in a long series of experiments.
Scroll down for video
Hello world: With a wave and what appears to be a smile, chimpanzees step into the daylight for the first time in 30 years at the Gut Aiderbichl Animal Sanctuary, near Salzburg, Austria
What do you think? Clyde the chimpanzee takes a brave peek at the great outdoors, and right, three chimps jostle for a glimpse of their new world. A total of 38 chimps have been released into the £3m sanctuary
Sweet dreams: Susi, a 37-year-old chimp, sunbathes in freedom for the first time. Susi has not been outside for 35 years
Horrifyingly, their mothers - who would usually raise them for six years - were all slaughtered.
The aim of the firm that bought them was to find a vaccine to combat Aids. Because chimps share 99per cent of the gene code of man, they seemed natural subjects for study.
Behind bars: One of the chimps in the cages that were home to them for many years
But that meant they suffered terrible cruelties in the years that followed, including being injected with the HIV virus.
Hooked up to machines and pumped full of chemicals, they were truly prisoners of utter despair. With no stimulation, no nurturing love and no hope, many were driven to the brink of madness and sometimes beyond.
But their ordeal finally ended on Tuesday when the 38 surviving chimps were released into a £3million sanctuary in Austria, allowing them to feel the nurturing contact of their fellow chimps after years of being separated by bars and bullet-proof glass.
Now, Susi, David, Clyde, Lingoa, Moritz and all the others will be free to enjoy the remainder of their lives together, thanks to the unstinting efforts of a 59-year-old conservationist named Michael Aufhauser.
The founder of an animal charity that operates in four European countries, he oversaw the construction of the sanctuary outside Vienna, which is built on the site of a defunct safari park.
‘Who knows what scars they carry on the inside,' says Mr Aufhauser.
Overjoyed: The apes embrace before venturing out onto the grass together
Free at last! A chimp appears to grin widely as he explores grassy terrain after decades in captivity
Is it safe? A chimpanzee tentatively waits inside after a door is opened to his freedom
‘They are all traumatised to greater or lesser degrees. Two of them died before the reserve was finished, but at least those that are left will have a quality of life that was unthinkable when they were prisoners of the lab.
‘Some chimpanzees were infected with the HIV virus. Of course, they became HIV positive. But none of them, not here in Austria or anywhere else in the world, developed full-blown Aids. Therefore, the programme was useless. It achieved absolutely nothing.'
Several years ago, the giant American pharmaceutical company Baxter took over the Austrian laboratory, and immediately announced it had no intention of continuing the testing programme.
More than that, its bosses decided the firm had a moral responsibility to improve the life of the chimps, who can live to the age of 50 or 60.
They were moved to an indoor shelter in a safari park, but when it went into liquidation in 2004 the building of an outdoor sanctuary was stopped and the animals were forced to spend several more years in cages.
But no longer. ‘At last,' says Mr Aufhauser. ‘They will have some dignity and some fun for what remains of their lives.'
Watch video here
Visit msnbc.com for breaking news, world news, and news about the economy
KINGSTON, Jamaica -- The director general of the World Anti-Doping Agency said Wednesday that Jamaican officials need to respond soon to accusations from a former insider who alleges drug-testing procedures are lax.
Writing this week in Sports Illustrated, Renee Anne Shirley, the former executive director of the Jamaica Anti-Doping Commission, said the island agency had no shortage of "troubling" problems during her tenure as the top official. The commission did not have the staff to carry out rigorous anti-doping programs, she wrote, and just one out-of-competition test was done between February 2012 and the start of the London Olympics five months later. When she raised various concerns, no JADCO or Cabinet official would take them seriously and she left the agency in frustration in February.
"The current program -- while improved -- makes a mockery of Jamaica's posturing and flames suspicion more than it douses it," Shirley wrote in her article for Sports Illustrated.
WADA director general David Howman said Shirley has raised several "serious issues" that need to be investigated by the Montreal-based organization, although he said the agency was aware that there had been scarce pre-London Games testing done on the island. He said Jamaica needs to respond to Shirley's statements, which include the revelation that Jamaica had no officer keeping track of athletes so that they could be tested out-of-competition.
"I would expect that they would do that both transparently and publicly pretty quickly," Howman said during a phone interview Wednesday with The Associated Press.
While Jamaican politicians have wasted no time issuing statements congratulating the Caribbean country's sprinters on their dominant medal-winning performances at the world championships in Moscow, island officials have been largely mum about Shirley's statements this week.
Calls and an email seeking comment from JADCO officials were not immediately returned Wednesday. A call for Dr. Herb Elliott, chairman of the anti-doping commission and Jamaica's team doctor at the Beijing Olympics in 2008, went unanswered.
Earlier this month, Elliott told The Jamaica Gleaner newspaper that JADCO did 106 tests last year, which he believed was "adequate" for a country with a population of 2.7 million people. The commission was established in 2008 and only recently began to publicly state the number of completed tests. Officials, including the prime minister, insist that Jamaica has a rigorous anti-doping program and the island is committed to fair play.
Howman said many of the matters raised by Shirley in her article are historical and WADA does not have the authority to do anything about incidents in the past.
"What we've got to make sure is that they are not repeated as we go forward," said Howman, adding that he's confident that Jamaica will step up to responsibly deal with its anti-doping deficiencies.
The debate over the rigor of Jamaica's anti-doping program has gone on for years, as the small Caribbean nation has consistently racked up more medals in track and field than countries 10 times its size. Led by track superstar Usain Bolt, Jamaican sprinters had a dominant run at the London Olympics, winning a record haul of 12 medals, surpassing the 11 they won in Beijing in 2008.
In Moscow, Bolt picked up three more titles and is the most decorated male athlete in world championship history with eight golds and two silvers. Fellow Jamaican speedster Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce also earned three gold medals as the island swept the men's and women's 100, 200 and 4x100 relays.
The pair's performances gave Jamaicans back their swagger, after marquee sprinters Veronica Campbell-Brown, Asafa Powell and Sherone Simpson all tested positive for a banned substance and didn't attend the worlds. Those doping positives staggered many in Jamaica, where track athletes are beloved and global domination in sprinting is a source of national pride.
In the wake of the positive doping tests this year and Jamaican athletes success on the track, Shirley believes that people "need to believe that our athletes are clean" and Jamaica's anti-doping programs are robust and honest.
"This matter should be reviewed by the Cabinet in all urgency, and the necessary changes should be made to provide JADCO with the staff it needs to carry out world-class testing on Jamaica's world-class athletes," she wrote.
Deep Space Industries is pleased to announce that Doug Jones, formerly chief test engineer at XCOR, is joining the company's growing team as director of propulsion systems.
“We see Doug as one of the top rocket engineers in the country, and a great addition to our first-class team of small-spacecraft engineers,” said Bill Miller, the chief executive officer of Deep Space Industries. “He will be helping us develop the high performance, inexpensive propulsion that is critical to radically lowering the cost of deep space exploration.”
Mr. Jones has designed, built and tested over a dozen different rocket designs for a wide range of customers, including two manned vehicles. Doug has decades of aerospace engineering experience ranging from liquid rocket engine design to vehicle system optimization, and has flown aboard a rocket aircraft multiple times while serving as flight test engineer during the development of the XCOR X-Racer.
“Doug Jones is joining DSI at the perfect moment to lead our in-house development of the high-performance propulsion system for our Prospector series of deep space missions,” said Grant Bonin, DSI's chief technology officer. “We couldn't be more excited.”
Obama offers tortured defense of targeted killings
By Joseph Kishore
24 May 2013
In his speech yesterday at the National Defense University in Washington, DC, US President Barack Obama offered a tortured defense of extra-judicial assassinations, for the first time publicly acknowledging the killing of Anwar al-Awlaki, a US citizen, in September 2011.
Obama's remarks were characterized by a basic contradiction. He sought to defend drone assassinations, while at the same time essentially acknowledging their illegality and the illegality of much of what the American government has done over the past decade.
A tone of nervousness and defensiveness pervaded Obama's remarks, reflecting awareness within the ruling class that what they are doing is not only illegal, but also increasingly unpopular. Significantly, the speech was repeatedly interrupted by a woman who denounced the administration's policy on drone assassinations and the detention center at Guantanamo Bay.
Obama's admission that he had ordered the killing of Awlaki is part of an effort by the administration to bring the assassination program “into the open,” to institutionalize it and turn it into a permanent feature of US policy.
“America's actions are legal,” Obama insisted, referring to extra-judicial assassinations. “We were attacked on 9/11. Within a week, Congress overwhelmingly authorized the use of force. Under domestic and international law, the United States is at war with Al Qaeda, the Taliban, and their associated forces.”
Obama is well aware, however, that the assassination program is unconstitutional and illegal, and that, as president, he is guilty of multiple impeachable offenses. As if nervous that he would be held solely responsible for these actions, he repeatedly reminded his audience that Congressional leaders had been briefed about them on many occasions.
“After I took office,” Obama said, “my administration began briefing all strikes outside of Iraq and Afghanistan to the appropriate committees of Congress. Let me repeat that: Not only did Congress authorize the use of force, it is briefed on every strike that America takes, every strike. That includes the one instance when we targeted an American citizen: Anwar Awlaki, the chief of external operations for AQAP [Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula].”
Obama said, “For the record, I do not believe it would be constitutional for the government to target and kill any US citizen—with a drone or with a shotgun—without due process. Nor should any president deploy armed drones over US soil.”
Yet this is precisely what the administration has done and now has publicly acknowledged doing: at least four US citizens were killed in violation of the Constitutional requirement of due process, guaranteed in the Fifth Amendment. They were not charged with any crimes. There was no opportunity for them—or anyone else murdered by drones—to challenge the addition of their names to Obama's “kill lists.” The government has never provided any evidence of its allegations in a court of law.
In the attempt to fit the defense of these killings with these facts, Obama chooses his words carefully. He did not refer to “due process of law ,” as specified in the Constitution. This is because the administration has resorted to the claim that “due process” is satisfied by the internal deliberations of the executive branch, of the president and his closest advisers, and does not require the intervention of the courts.
Obama's statement about using drones over US soil to kill US citizens was also deliberately phrased. He did not say that the use of such drones would be unconstitutional, only that, in his opinion, the president should not use them. Earlier this year, Holder declared that the use of the military to kill a US citizen in the United States would not be illegal.
Obama went on to say, “But when a US citizen goes abroad to wage war against America and is actively plotting to kill US citizens, and when neither the United States nor our partners are in a position to capture him before he carries out a plot, his citizenship should no more serve as a shield than a sniper shooting down on an innocent crowd should be protected from a SWAT team.”
“That's who Anwar Awlaki was,” Obama alleged, before making a series of unproven accusations. “He was continuously trying to kill people. He helped oversee the 2010 plot to detonate explosive devices on two US-bound cargo planes. He was involved in planning to blow up an airliner in 2009. When Farouk Abdulmutallab, the Christmas Day bomber, went to Yemen in 2009, Awlaki hosted him, approved his suicide operation, helped him tape a martyrdom video to be shown after the attack, and his last instructions were to blow up the airplane when it was over American soil.”
None of this gets to the essential issue. The Constitution requires that charges of illegal activity be proven in a court of law. No court has ever determined the validity of any of these claims, and therefore the killing of Awlaki was unconstitutional.
In an effort to give his actions greater legal cover, Obama then suggested that Congress might consider establishing some mechanism to oversee the decisions of the president and attempt to legalize what has been done ex post facto. This might involve “a special court to evaluate and authorize lethal action” or an “independent oversight board in the executive branch.” Either would function as nothing more than a rubber stamp on the decisions of the president.
These arguments were combined with a number of revealing statements about the condition of American democracy. “From our use of drones to the detention of terrorist suspects, the decision we are making will define the type of nation and world that we leave to our children,” Obama said. “So America is at a crossroads. We must define the nature and scope of this struggle, or else it will define us. We have to be mindful of James Madison's warning that no nation could preserve its freedom in the midst of continual warfare.”
A grave danger to what remains of democracy in the United States, Obama is admitting, comes not from Al Qaeda or international terrorism, but from within the American state apparatus itself. The actions of the state, including those of the Obama administration in particular, have changed American society and called into question the viability of democratic forms of rule.
When speaking of Guantanamo Bay, Obama returned to the same theme. After repeating a call to close the facility, which included a proposal to establish a base to hold military commissions within the United States itself, Obama warned: “History will cast a harsh judgment on this aspect of our fight against terrorism and those of us who fail to end it. Imagine a future 10 years from now or 20 years from now when the United States of America is still holding people who have been charged with no crime on a piece of land that is not part of our country … Is this who we are?... Is that the America we want to leave our children?'
By its own actions, the answer that the Obama administration gives to these questions is: yes.
Obama's speech expresses the deep crisis of the American state as it carries out a violent and definitive break with bourgeois democracy. At least within sections of the ruling class, there is a fear that the state as a whole risks losing any legitimacy in the eyes of the population of the United States and of the world. This fear is entirely justified.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Mr Soros said that HRW was one of the most effective organisations he supported
George Soros is to donate $100m (£65m) to Human Rights Watch (HRW) over the next 10 years, the investor and philanthropist has announced.
"Human Rights Watch is one of the most effective organisations I support," Mr Soros said.
The gift from Soros's Open Society Foundations is the largest the billionaire has made to a non-governmental organisation, HRW said.
It is given under the condition that HRW raises another $100m.
Mr Soros told the BBC's World Today programme that he wanted to see HRW grow.
"Human rights is a cause that I am deeply committed to and Human Rights Watch is an organisation that I know intimately and have very high regard for. And I support their plans for expansion," he said.
Mr Soros said he wanted to give the US-based group the kind of international support it deserved.
"Human rights is a universal principle," he said.
"The main advocate of human rights has been the United States and unfortunately the US has lost the moral high ground during the Bush administration so the fact that it is a US organisation sometimes makes them less effective than they would be if there were much broader support all over the world."
The gift is the first in a series of large donations he plans to make, Mr Soros said,
"This is partly due to age," the 80-year-old added, in remarks to the New York Times.
"Originally I wanted to distribute all of the money during my lifetime, but I have abandoned that plan."
HRW is to use the money to hire more staff and expand its work internationally, the group said in a statement.
The plan requires HRW to increase its annual budget from $48m to $80m within five years, the organisation added.
HRW, based in New York, currently has a staff of almost 300 and a presence in nearly 90 countries.
In October, Forbes Magazine estimated Mr Soros's fortune at $14bn (£9.1bn).
This is the first in a series of articles where we will build an entire microservice architecture using Vert.x and Kubernetes. Part one will focus on Vert.x and how to create microservices communicating via messages/events in a local environment. In part two, we will move the example from Part 1 to Kubernetes and we will learn how to configure Vert.x and its cluster provider Hazelcast to run in a Kubernetes cluster. Part three will extend the example with a more "enterprise-ready" architecture by mixing event-driven and “classical” REST (micro-)services using service-discovery and cluster partitioning. In part 3, I will also introduce vxms, a Vert.x extension with a JAX-RS like endpoint definition style, which provides many useful extensions to create resilient microservices on top of Vert.x.
Part 1: Create an Event-Driven Architecture With Vert.x
Before we start, I'll give you a brief overview of the example we will build and deploy in Part 1 & 2. To keep this example simple, I decided to reuse the Vert.x/AngularJS example from the Vert.x example GitHub repository. This example is a small User admin page with one Verticle (see Vert.x intro) hosting the static content and handling the REST requests.
Architecture Overview
The original (Vert.x/AngularJS) example handles everything in one Verticle, so I decided to split it up to three different (micro-)service projects. Usually, we would divide our microservice across domains; because we have only one domain here (the User), we will create a UserRead service, a UserWrite service and a Gateway service. The Gateway service will also host the static content and act as a REST gateway to the other Verticles by using events for internal communication.
Before we proceed, let's talk about the reasons to use Event-driven (micro-)services. One might be the asynchronous behavior and the absence of an active service discovery. Additional advantages are, that we can dynamically add new subscribers/services and easily add resilient aspects to our code and the whole architecture. In reality, you shouldn't focus only on one architecture style. In many cases, a simple request/response is the way to go and for many other cases handling REST calls is the proper approach.
Traditionally event-driven architectures are handled by a message broker. The approach we pursue here is to use an in-memory data grid with its capabilities for auto-discovery, shared data, and events.
In a scenario in which a message-broker is involved, you need to ensure its reliability and each client must know the address of the broker. In contrast to an in-memory data grid approach, were each component is scanning for nodes in the network. As soon as one remote peer was found, the node knows also the rest about the topology. This approach fits quite well in a cloud scenario where new nodes/containers are often created and destroyed.
A Short Introduction to Vert.X
This in-memory data grid approach is used by Vert.x (by the help of Hazelcast), a toolkit for reactive applications on the JVM. Vert.x is event-driven, non-blocking, lightweight, and fast. It is polyglot and you can use it for many different scenarios from embedded to web framework.
In this article series, we will use Vert.x as a web framework and deploy so-called "Verticles" to handle REST-requests, static content and messages. A Verticle is comparable to a Servlet, while the Servlet-request will be handled in a request thread (taken from a pool), each Verticle instance has its own event-loop thread, which should not be blocked. Since not all Java APIs are non-blocking, there are ways to execute blocking code inside Verticles or to deploy the instances in a worker thread mode.
Create a Verticle
A Verticle Class extends an AbstractVerticle:
public class MyVerticle extends AbstractVerticle { @Override public void start(Future<Void> start) throws Exception { start.complete(); } }
Optionally you can overwrite the *start* method and complete the deployment manually. This gives you the ability to coordinate other tasks during startup, with the goal to finish the whole deployment when other asynchronous tasks are done.
Deploy a Verticle
The deployment of a Verticle is very easy. During development you may prefer to add a *main* method to deploy the Verticle:
public static void main(String[] args) { // simple deploy Vertx.vertx().deployVerticle(MyVerticle.class.getName()); // or with options and 10 instances Vertx.vertx(). deployVerticle(MyVerticle.class.getName(),new DeploymentOptions(). setConfig(new JsonObject(). put("foo", "bar")).setInstances(10)); }
Since we need the clustered environment in this article series, the deployment looks like this:
public static void main(String[] args) { Vertx.clusteredVertx(new VertxOptions().setClustered(true), cluster -> { if (cluster.succeeded()) { final Vertx result = cluster.result(); result.deployVerticle(UsersReadFromMongo.class.getName()); } } }
Once the development is finished, you typically create a fat-jar (using maven shade) and deploy it by using command line:
java -jar MyVerticle.jar -instances=4 -cluster
Using the Event Bus
The event bus is the nervous system of Vert.x, and each Vert.x instance creates one single event bus instance. The event bus allows different parts of your application to communicate with each other irrespective of what language they are written in, and whether they're in the same Vert.x instance, or in a different one. In clustered mode, the event bus forms a distributed peer-to-peer messaging system spanning multiple server nodes and multiple browsers.
To register an event handler in Vert.x, we can do following:
EventBus eb = vertx.eventBus(); eb.consumer("my.endpoit.one", message -> { System.out.println("I have received a message: " + message.body()); });
This code can be embedded in any Java application, but, be aware that the handler will be executed on the event loop thread of Vert.x (UI, transactions,…).
The event bus supports publish/subscribe, but also point to point / request-response messaging. Messages are published to an address and routed to one of the registered handlers (in case of p2p). If more than one handler is registered, a single handler will be selected by a non-strict round robin mechanism. Optionally you can define a reply handler when sending a message, so the receiver can reply directly.
The Receiver
EventBus eb = vertx.eventBus(); eb.consumer("my.endoit.one", message -> { message.reply(„hello“); });
The Sender
eventBus.send("my.endoit.one", „Hi!“, ar -> { if (ar.succeeded()) { System.out.println("Received reply: " + ar.result().body()); } });
Create a REST Service Endpoint
In Vert.x, you can easily create different types of sockets (TCP, UDP, and HTTP(S)). For a REST service, we need to create a HTTP server to handle all requests directly. Because this might be quite low-level to work with, we use the Vert.x-Web extension to define REST services in Vert.x:
@Override public void start(Future<Void> startFuture) throws Exception { Router router = Router.router(vertx); // define some REST API router.get("/api/users/:id").handler(handler -> { String id= handler.request().getParam("id"); handler.response().end("OK"); }); vertx.createHttpServer(). requestHandler(router::accept). listen(8080,"0.0.0.0"); startFuture.complete(); }
Bring it all Together
Now that we have learned some basics of Vert.x (needed for this article), we create three Maven projects for the Read-, Write-, and Gateway-Verticle (or clone the complete code from here). You can create a Vert.x project by using a maven *java quickstart project* like this:
mvn archetype:create -DgroupId=org.jacpfx.demo -DartifactId=read -DarchetypeArtifactId=maven-archetype-quickstart
Now add following dependencies:
<dependencies> <dependency> <groupId>io.vertx</groupId> <artifactId>vertx-mongo-client</artifactId> <version>${vertx.version}</version> </dependency> <dependency> <groupId>io.vertx</groupId> <artifactId>vertx-hazelcast</artifactId> <version>${vertx.version}</version> </dependency> <dependency> <groupId>io.vertx</groupId> <artifactId>vertx-core</artifactId> <version>${vertx.version}</version> </dependency> <dependency> <groupId>io.vertx</groupId> <artifactId>vertx-web</artifactId> <version>${vertx.version}</version> </dependency> </dependencies> <build> <plugins> <plugin> <groupId>org.apache.maven.plugins</groupId> <artifactId>maven-shade-plugin</artifactId> <version>2.3</version> <executions> <execution> <phase>package</phase> <goals> <goal>shade</goal> </goals> <configuration> <transformers> <transformer implementation="org.apache.maven.plugins.shade.resource.ManifestResourceTransformer"> <manifestEntries> <Main-Class>io.vertx.core.Launcher</Main-Class> <Main-Verticle>org.jacpfx.demo.service.ReadVerticle</Main-Verticle> </manifestEntries> </transformer> </transformers> <artifactSet/> <outputFile>${project.build.directory}/${project.artifactId}-fat.jar </outputFile> </configuration> </execution> </executions> </plugin> </plugins> </build>
Create the ReadVerticle
The *ReadVerticle* uses a Vert.x MongoDB-Client to access the user data. Furthermore, it defines two consumers to retrieve all users and users by id. We simply pass the user ID, retrieved from the REST call, and pass it inside the message body as a string to the *ReadVerticle*. In a more sophisticated example, you should use a transfer object and pass JSON or binary values.
public class ReadVerticle extends AbstractVerticle { private MongoClient mongo; @Override public void start(Future<Void> startFuture) throws Exception { mongo = …; vertx.eventBus().consumer("/api/users", getAllUsers()); vertx.eventBus().consumer("/api/users/:id", getUserById()); startFuture.complete(); } … private Handler<Message<Object>> getUserById() { return handler -> { final String id = handler.body().toString(); mongo.findOne("users", new JsonObject().put("_id", id), null, lookup -> getDBResultAndReply(handler, lookup)); }; } private void getDBResultAndReply(Message<Object> handler, AsyncResult<JsonObject> lookup) { if (lookup.failed()) { handler.fail(500, "lookup failed"); return; } JsonObject user = lookup.result(); if (user == null) { handler.fail(404, "no user found"); } else { handler.reply(user.encode()); } } }
The *getDBResultAndReply* methods are called when the MongoDB search operation is finished. If no result was found or the lookup failed, we respond with an error reply (500 or 404) to the caller, otherwise we reply with a message containing the requested User.
Build the Gateway and Add the UI
The *GatewayVerticle* serves the static content (AngularJS) and provides a REST API, used by the front end. All REST requests are passed from the gateway to the Read- / Write-Verticle. The response from those Verticles will be written to the REST response. Keep in mind that Vert.x is reactive, so you define handlers, which are called on a specific event, while the entire process is non-blocking (no active waiting).
public class GatewayVerticle extends AbstractVerticle { @Override public void start(Future<Void> startFuture) throws Exception { Router router = Router.router(vertx); // define some REST API router.get("/api/users/:id").handler(this::getUserById); … // enable static contant handling router.route().handler(StaticHandler.create()); vertx.createHttpServer(). requestHandler(router::accept). listen(9090,"0.0.0.0"); startFuture.complete(); } private void getUserById(RoutingContext ctx) { // route REST request to event bus vertx.eventBus(). send("/api/users/:id", ctx.request().getParam("id"), responseHandler -> defaultResponse(ctx, responseHandler)); } … private void defaultResponse(RoutingContext ctx, AsyncResult<Message<String>> responseHandler) { if (responseHandler.failed()) { ctx.fail(500); } else { // respond to REST request final Message<String> result = responseHandler.result(); ctx.response().end(result.body()); } } }
With *router.route().handler(StaticHandler.create());* we tell Vert.x to serve all static contents from the *webroot* folder, typically located in *src/main/resources*. The AngularJS application itself uses relative paths to access the REST endpoints. If your UI runs from a different host you can define a CORSE handler in Vert.x too.
The interesting part here is the *defaultResponse* method. It checks whether the event bus request fails or succeeds. On a success, you pass the result message to the REST response. On an error, you return an HTTP 500 response;
But what is the error case here? Remember the error response we defined in the *ReadVerticle* when the MongoDB lookup fails or no result was found? In this case, the responseHandler here would fail, and you return an HTTP 500 response. The other case (relevant for cloud deployments) is that no consumer was registered in the cluster (or the node is not accessible). In that case, then the responseHandler would also fail.
To summarize it, we can handle all failures starting from a MongoDB "connection error", "no results error," to "no service available error." It is up to you to decide what you do with the ability to handle those errors. Remember, resilient means not only the capability technical wise, it means you must know what you want to do instead.
Run all Verticles in a Local Cluster
Now that we've finished the implementation (or cloned it from GitHub), we want to run the application and all the services. For local testing, I assume you have a running MongoDB and built all three projects with *mvn clean package*. If you cloned the GitHub repo you can try the *main* method to start each verticle. If you prefer the command line, do following:
cd frontend-verticle && mvn clean package && java -jar target/frontend-verticle-fat.jar -cluster -conf local.json
The parameter *-conf local.json* is specific to this showcase to handle the local MongoDB access. If you have configured the MongoDB connection on your own, you don't have to specify this. The *-cluster* parameter activates the cluster deployment in Vert.x, so *Hazelcast* will be activated, using multicast to find other nodes in the network.
When all your Verticles are started, you should see a log output like this:
Members [3] { Member [172.20.46.23]:5702 Member [172.20.46.23]:5701 Member [172.20.46.23]:5703 this }
In this log output, we see, that Hazelcast has found three node members (the gateway, the read-, and the write-Verticle). Now you can open the browser and test the application (http://localhost:8181).
As long as you are operating in a multicast-enabled network, you do not need to provide additional configurations to run Vert.x/Hazelcast in a clustered setup.
In container environments like Kubernetes multicast is not always available, so you have to provide additional steps to run this demo. In part two, I will proceed with a brief introduction of Hazelcast and Kubernetes and show all steps to run this demo in Kubernetes.
The BC government has found a way to manipulate accounting rules to hide the true cost of electricity from the public.
The Liberal government in Ontario is facing a major political crisis due to consumer opposition to the rapid increase in electricity prices, which have jumped by about 70 percent for peak consumption in the last five years. The rising price of electricity in Ontario has been attributed to growth in fixed costs, longer-term lucrative contracts for private power suppliers, the cost of major capital expenditures, the move to green power generation and falling demand for electricity. Public concern about growing electricity rates forced the government to announce this week it would cut bills by an average of 17%, saddling taxpayers with $1.4 billion in interest payments annually.
In British Columbia, BC Hydro is facing similar pressures on its costs and relatively flat demand, but the five-year cumulative increase in rates has been “only” about 27 percent. How has the public electricity utility in British Columbia managed to keep the price increases at a more moderate level compared with Ontario's?
The answer lies in the fact that the government in BC has deliberately directed the formerly independent regulator of its power utility to approve rate increases at levels below what is actually required to produce the electricity. Through the aggressive use of an accounting device called deferral accounts, the annual shortfall in operating revenue has been added to BC Hydro's rapidly growing debt burden. At the same time the government has created a unique accounting standard for BC Hydro that allows the financial manipulation to occur in the absence of an independent regulator.
Regulated electricity rates
The major power utilities in Canada are regulated by independent third-party commissions. They set the rates charged for power using a “cost of service” model: it incorporates all prudently incurred costs and a fair return on equity. The power corporations must manage costs to ensure that net income (profit) targets set by the regulators are achieved.
The independent regulators have a dual role. They must ensure that the rates are high enough that the power corporations remain financially viable, and at the same time they must protect the public from excessive profits that can result when big power utilities are monopolies or near-monopolies.
Regulated power utilities use a special accounting standard that allows them to defer certain differences between the planned costs and the actual costs; this way, some unplanned costs get incorporated into future rates. This practice ensures that the utility will eventually have its costs covered, but the rate increase will be spread over a longer period to protect the consumers from short-term rate shock. Deferral accounts (also called regulatory accounts) are especially useful for moderating the rates for hydro power, because water flows are dependent on the weather and hard to predict, and for major capital or other one-time expenditures.
The large publicly owned power utilities in Quebec (Hydro-Québec) and Ontario (Hydro One and Ontario Power Generation) are regulated by independent bodies using the cost of service model and deferral accounting. In theory, BC Hydro is also regulated by an independent utilities commission and also uses deferral accounting. However, while the regulators in Quebec and Ontario have been relatively free from direct political control, the BC Utilities Commission (BCUC) has had its authority limited to the point where it has become little more than an agent of the provincial cabinet.
The BC model
The BC Liberal government stripped the BCUC of its rate-setting authority in 2012, after the commission indicated that the planned rate increase for that year was too low. This dramatic action came about even though from 2009-2011 the BCUC had agreed to hold down projected rate increases by allowing a major increase in the number of deferral accounts and the net balance in them. But the government ordered the BCUC to approve a low rate increase for April 2013, one month before the 2013 provincial election
In November 2013, the re-elected government responded to criticism from the provincial auditor by announcing a 10-year financial plan that set the rate increases for the next two years and capped the rate growth for 2016-2018. The next month, the government approved BC Hydro's controversial $8.8-billion Site C dam project. Normally, such a major capital project would have required the review and approval of the regulator, but again the government was not prepared to be second-guessed, as Energy Minister Bill Bennett said, by “a group of unelected bureaucrats and lawyers.”
The new rate plan was included in a detailed cabinet directive of March 2014 to the BCUC that took all discretion away from the regulator. The directive also created a new “rate smoothing” deferral account that allowed BC Hydro to record revenues that it may collect in future years. This dubious accounting device allowed the government to claim that BC Hydro was still profitable. It recorded additional revenue on its books for 2014/15 and 2015/16, and it sent $590 million in dividends to the government that would not have been paid out under normal circumstances. Because BC Hydro did not actually receive the revenue, it had to increase its borrowing requirements by an equivalent amount in those years to pay the dividend. Bennett acknowledged that without the deferrals, the necessary rate increase would have had “a horrible impact on ratepayers.”
A 2014 independent review of the BCUC recommended that the government reinstate its authority and provide it with more resources. The report included a review by Rowland Harrison, an authority on regulatory independence, who concluded that the BCUC was essentially an agent of the government. But the government has ignored the report. In fact, in July 2016 the cabinet ordered BC Hydro to use the recording and deferral of future revenue to achieve certain profit levels for the next three years. Rather than the net income being a variable, set according to each year's circumstances, it was now fixed in advance, thus demonstrating that the cost of service model had become a thing of the past.
BC Hydro's growing debt
By March 2016, the net balance in BC Hydro's deferred assets had reached $5.9 billion, against total year-end shareholder's equity of $4.5 billion. The net deferred assets to equity ratio was 131 percent. This compares with a 58 percent ratio of net deferrals to equity at Ontario Power Generation, about 30 percent at Hydro One and only about 19 percent at Hydro-Québec.
In the past five years, BC Hydro's long-term debt, including the deferrals, has grown from $12.8 billion to $18.0 billion, an increase of approximately 40 percent. BC Hydro forecasts approximately $2.5 billion in additional annual capital expenditures for the foreseeable future. BC Hydro's debt-to-capitalization ratio is far higher than those of its peers in Ontario and Quebec, which helps explain why Moody's Financial says it has the worst financial metrics of all public power utilities in Canada.
The government has been able to shield today's BC Hydro customers from the full impact of the cost increases through the enthusiastic use of deferral accounts and by recording hypothetical future revenue to inflate the bottom line. While the other provincial power utility regulators have remained relatively free from political direction, in BC the government has retained the facade of regulation while making all the key financial decisions itself concerning BC Hydro.
The conversion of debt to equity through the deferral accounts would not be permitted under the generally accepted regulatory accounting rules. Generally accepted accounting standards permit a power utility to use regulatory (or deferral) accounting to smooth annual rate changes, only if the deferrals and the rates are approved by an independent third party regulator. The government exempted BC Hydro from the need for an independent regulator in 2011, and stripped the BCUC of its rate setting authority the following year. Thus, the accounting standard used at BC Hydro is unique in North America.
So, while the Ontario government subsidizes the electricity rates by using taxpayer money, the BC government has found a way to manipulate the accounting rules to hide the true cost of electricity from the public and load the difference onto the debt burden faced by future generations of customers. In effect, the government has decided that winning the May 2017 election is more important than providing an honest accounting of the financial situation at the public electric utility.
Photo: Shutterstock.com
Do you have something to say about the article you just read? Be part of the Policy Options discussion, and send in your own submission. Here is a link on how to do it. | Souhaitez-vous réagir à cet article ? Joignez-vous aux débats d'Options politiques et soumettez-nous votre texte en suivant ces directives.
Another warehouse retailer has crumbled in the face of competition from big-box discount rivals.
XS Cargo Co. of Mississauga, Ont. began its final liquidation sale over the weekend and will close its 50 stores in eight provinces across Canada after making a failed bid to restructure this summer.
It follows the demise last December of Big Lots' Canadian operations, which operated 78 stores across the country, including 73 under the Liquidation World banner.
XS Cargo, which carried a similar lineup of goods such as housewares, home décor, home electronics and furniture, filed a notice to restructure under Canada's Companies Creditors Arrangement Act on July 30, reporting assets of approximately $15.8-million and liabilities of $18.7-million. It owed $7.4-million to its unsecured creditors.
In its filing, the retailer's trustee PWC made a pointed reference to Target's entry into Canada, which appears to have pushed XS Cargo to a breaking point as it lowered prices to compete head-on with Walmart Canada.
“During the past six months, [XS Cargo] experienced a downturn in sales due to the emergence of a large well-known American discount retailer who entered the Canadian market along with increased competition from well-established traditional retailers who have significantly increased their tactical promotional activities,” said the report filed in July in Ontario Superior Court.
“Both of these factors contributed to difficulties in the [retailer] executing its turnaround strategy.”
Attempts to revive XS Cargo over this summer — a tough one for smaller Canadian retail chains — failed.
XS Cargo struck an agreement with Boston-based Tiger Capital Group LLC on Sept. 15 to liquidate the stores, and the deal was approved in court on Sept. 19. XS Cargo also operated distribution centres in Mississauga and Edmonton.
Bradley Snyder, executive managing director at Tiger Capital, said sales at the liquidation have been robust.
“We do have merchandise coming in every day,” he said. “We are urging customers to come in for great opportunities because we don't think the sale term will last very long.”
The Toronto-based owner of the 112 Bowring and Bombay Co. furniture and home décor stores filed for court protection from its creditors last month and it shut down the last of its Benix kitchenware stores. Montreal-based fashion retailer Boutique Jacob filed for creditor protection in May and announced it would liquidate and close its stores, though later received a court extension in a bid to keep some stores open.
ALAMEDA — The green sticker affixed to the helmet of Philip Wheeler made official what has become apparent almost since the day he arrived as a free agent.
He has become the leader of the Raiders defense because of both his passion and playmaking ability.
When the Raiders decided to move rookie fourth-round pick Miles Burris into the nickel defense in place of Rolando McClain, the responsibility for wearing the wired helmet (designated by a green sticker) to relay instructions from the coaching staff fell to Wheeler.
“It gives me a lot of responsibilities, and it makes me work harder,” Wheeler said. “It's forced me to get in the film room more, so I can make better calls and do what's right for the defense, and I'm up to the job.”
Wheeler, who spent four seasons with the Indianapolis Colts before joining the Raiders this year, had play-calling responsibilities at Georgia Tech but hadn't done it in the NFL until Sunday's game at Atlanta.
“He's a guy who takes his job seriously, and he understands that is now something he has to do,” coach Dennis Allen said. “He has worked extremely hard at it.”
According to stats compiled by the coaching staff, Wheeler is the team's second-leading tackler behind safety Tyvon Branch with 58 stops. He's also got two passes defensed, two forced fumbles and a fumble recovery.
Although Wheeler doesn't have a sack, he's been an effective blitzer — as evidenced by his hit on Matt Ryan that led to a wounded duck interception by Branch, the Raiders' third interception against the Falcons. Stats LLC credits Wheeler with seven quarterback hits.
Wheeler credited McClain for playing well in his new role, and shared a laugh with an exhausted Burris after the Falcons game. Both played every snap against Atlanta, which is the norm for Wheeler but something new for Burris.
“He did pretty good. I was pretty proud of him, stepping in there, playing all of the snaps” Wheeler said. “After the game, he told me, ‘So this is what your body feels like after the game.' I said, ‘You've got to recuperate, sit down when you get a chance, get off your feet and come back at it next week.' “
Wheeler was generally pleased with how the Raiders defense played in the 23-20 loss to the Falcons, especially in contrast to road losses in Miami and Denver.
“We held them to one touchdown on offense and I feel like we did a decent job,” Wheeler said. “We did better, and that's our standard now. We've got to play like that or better.”
The Raiders announced that Sunday's game will be televised locally a day after receiving a one-day extension to sell more tickets. The Jacksonville game will be the 11th consecutive regular-season home game to be on local television.
Running back Taiwan Jones (knee) was limited in practice, is listed as questionable, and Allen said he will be a game-time decision. Tackle Khalif Barnes (groin), cornerback Shawntae Spencer (foot) and tight end Richard Gordon (hamstring) are out. Linebacker Daryl Smith (groin) and safety Dwight Lowery (ankle) are out for Jacksonville, along with wide receiver Laurent Robinson (concussion).
Allen said the final series of the Atlanta game had only two plays with a three-man rush. He accepted responsibility for not being “tighter and a little bit more aggressive” on the last play, a 13-yard pass to Tony Gonzalez that set up Matt Bryant's 55-yard, game-winning field goal. On the topic of late-game strategy, defensive coordinator Jason Tarver said, “If you blitz and they make a play, why'd you blitz? If you drop everybody but one, and they make a play, why did you do that? … It comes down to execution.” Allen said he has never been in a meeting room where the term “prevent” defense was used.
RT @truthteam2012: Ryan blamed Pres. Obama for a GM factory closing in Janesville, WI. Factory was slated to close BEFORE Obama took office. — The Democrats (@TheDemocrats) August 30, 2012
Again, Ryan blames Obama for a GM plant that closed under Bush. But then, they did say they wouldn't "let fact checkers get in the way." — David Axelrod (@davidaxelrod) August 30, 2012
Left-wing partisans and media lapdoggies get really, really touchy when you spoil their pristine Obama narratives. The Obama-as-autoworkers'-savior plot line is well-worn. The White House response to counter-narratives like the shafted Delphi workers is to scream their fables louder.
Tonight, GOP vice presidential nominee Paul Ryan noted that Obama had failed to keep his promise to autoworkers in his hometown of Janesville, Wisc. Wisconsin GOP Gov. Scott Walker also noted the failure. From Ryan's powerful RNC speech:
President Barack Obama, came to office during an economic crisis, as he has reminded us a time or two. Those are very tough days. And any fair measure of his record has to take that into account. My own state voted for President Obama. When he talked about change, many people liked the sound of it. Especially in Janesville where we were about to lose a major factory. A lot of guys I went to high school with worked at that G.M. plant. Right there at that plant, candidate Obama said, “I believe that if our government is there to support you, this plant will be here for another 100 years.” That's what he said in 2008. Well, as it turned out, that plant didn't last another year. It is locked up and empty to this day. And that's how it is in so many towns where the recovery that was promised is no where in sight. Right now, 23 million men and women are struggling to find work. 23 million people unemployed or underemployed. Nearly one in six Americans is in poverty. Millions of young Americans have graduated from college during the Obama presidency, ready to use their gifts and get moving in life. Half of them can't find the work they studied for, or any work at all. So here's the question, without a change in leadership, why would the next four years be any different from the last four years?
Angry libs stampeded over themselves to call Ryan a liar:
Rep. Paul Ryan blamed Pres. Obama for a GM factory closing in Janesville, WI. Only problem? The factory closed BEFORE Obama took office. — Donna Brazile (@donnabrazile) August 30, 2012
Both Gov. Walker & Paul Ryan flat-out lied about the GM plant closure in Janesville, Wisc. http://t.co/K7fB3uS3 — Adam (@ChiProg) August 30, 2012
Jesus Christ Ryan, you can't remember who was President when the Janesville GM plant closed. Why should I make you VP? Liar. #GOP2012 — julie…dame (@vintagegoddess) August 30, 2012
Paul Ryan blatantly lied about the GM plant in Janesville closing under Obama when in fact it closed in 2008. Under Bush! #factsdontmatter — Bhuttu Mathews (@bhuttumathews) August 30, 2012
The lapdoggies piled on:
WaPo: Ryan misleads on GM plant closing in hometown
That's a lie. Read the transcript. Listen to what Ryan said. The neutral Washington Post reporter is the misleader, not Ryan.
Conservatives on Twitter pushed back:
But facts hurt! RT @AG_Conservative: Janesville GM factory was operation in June, 2009…5 months into the Obama presidency. That is a fact. — Aaron I. Marcus (@AaronIMarcus) August 30, 2012
The Janesville GM plant didn't close until June 2009. Just like Paul Ryan said. http://t.co/xJKrET1f — Stephen Gutowski (@StephenGutowski) August 30, 2012
Gm plant in janesville closed june 2009. U should correct yourself. @TheRevAl, @edshow — Brent goins (@goins_brent) August 30, 2012
Janesville GM plant was still operating in June, 2009, fulfilling Isuzu contra1ct. To the left, saying it closed in 2009 is a "brazen lie." — Dodd (@Amuk3) August 30, 2012
https://twitter.com/residenttroll/status/241027351964680192
Obama's 08 Janesville speech where he promised to help "plants like this one stay open for another hundred years" http://t.co/um4v17dI — Amanda Carpenter (@amandacarpenter) August 30, 2012
So, who “lied” about Janesville? Ryan's speech accurately described the plant's history and status. Read it again:
Right there at that plant, candidate Obama said, “I believe that if our government is there to support you, this plant will be here for another 100 years.” That's what he said in 2008. Well, as it turned out, that plant didn't last another year. It is locked up and empty to this day.
“Locked up and empty” and hanging by a thread. And that's exactly what the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel described last fall. FACTS:
General Motors Co. has committed to reopen its idled plant in Spring Hill, Tenn., and keep its shuttered assembly plant in Janesville on standby status. …Since they were shut down in 2009, both the Janesville and Tennessee plants have been on standby status, meaning they were not producing vehicles, but they were not completely shut down.
In other words, everything Paul Ryan said was true: He pointed to Obama's own lofty promises about the plant being open for the next “100 years” if he were elected and contrasted it with the reality of a shuttered factory locked up and empty to this day. It was Obama who lied to Janesville workers. Ryan told America the truth.
National Review's Henry Payne explains more fully how candidate Obama vowed to those workers in February 2008 that if he became president, prosperity would be theirs. That promise, like everything else with this administration, was fantastical smoke and mirrors:
“(But) I believe that if our government is there to support you, and give you the assistance you need to re-tool and make this transition, that this (General Motors) plant will be here for another hundred years,” said Barack Obama in February, 2008, promising UAW workers at GM's giant, troubled plant in Janesville, Wisc., that he would watch over them if elected president. “When I talk about real change that will make a real difference in the lives of working families, it's not just the poll-tested rhetoric of a political campaign. It's the cause of my life. And you can be sure that it will be the cause of my presidency from the very first day I take office.” It was just poll-tested rhetoric. Before Obama was sworn in, the Janesville plant closed in late 2008, eliminating 6,000 jobs. And by his first day in office, Obama had forgotten the people of Janesville and the big SUVs they used to build. Obama not only didn't keep his promise to the south Wisconsin town, he pursued an energy policy that rewarded politically connected green investors (see Solyndra and Fisker) while making it harder for Janesville to revive the trucks it once produced. Janesville would be forgotten like so many Obama political promises but for one fateful turn of history: Janesville is the hometown of Paul Ryan.
…Last week, Ryan reminded America of Obama's failed promise. “I remember President Obama visiting it when he was first running, saying he'll keep that plant open — one more broken promise,” Ryan said. “One of the reasons that plant got shut down is $4 gasoline. You see, this costs jobs. The president's terrible energy policies are costing us jobs.” Another reason was $70-an-hour UAW wage-benefit rates compared with Toyota's $48 hourly wage. Ryan's speech provides some insight into the conservative policy wonk's complex political background: a popular, six-term conservative who represents blue and white collars in a politically split Wisconsin district, who lobbied for government help for Janesville, and who voted for Barack Obama's auto bailout. But the Janesville closing is more revealing of Obama. His liberal media allies were quick to pounce on Ryan's comments. “GM stopped production at its Janesville, Wisconsin production facility in 2008, when George W. Bush was still president,” barked the Daily Kos, filling in Ryan's obvious blank (true enough, unfriendly-to-Detroit-truck mpg laws are also the legacy of George “We're Addicted to Oil” Bush). But the Left misses the point. Under Obamanomics, the government picks winners and losers. Obama promised Janesville would be a winner even as his economic policies guaranteed it would always be a loser. Indeed, Obama's whole 2008 Janesville speech is a sobering road map for the job-killing policies he has put in place as president. Were Obama serious about American manufacturing, he would allow energy companies to explore (Gulf drilling moratorium), would facilitate bringing those resources to market (blocking the Keystone pipeline), allow companies to hire employees without massive medical costs (Obamacare), encourage flexible, non-union shops (demonizing Boeing, the UAW bailout), and stop forcing companies to make products consumers don't want (electric cars, windmills, etc.). Then Janesville might still have promise.
Narrative debunked, again.
The thing with @barackobama promise to Janesville plant, he made them a false promise if they closed so soon after he told them it wouldn't — Doron (@doron81) August 30, 2012
Ryan did NOT say that the Janesville plant shut down under Obama. Read the transcript. — David Freddoso (@freddoso) August 30, 2012
Related:
“Fact checker” Ezra Klein doubles down on Janesville GM auto plant lie
In partnership with Intuit, Verizon Wireless introduced a mobile payment solution for small and medium businesses called GoPayment on Thursday. GoPayment will provide customers with a small credit card reader and a mobile application that allows businesses to charge credit cards using a smartphone or tablet. Here's how it works: a business simply needs to plug the card reader into the 3.5mm audio jack of a tablet or smartphone. Cards can then be swiped and payments are processed immediately. Verizon Wireless says the credit card reader and application are supported on Android, iOS and BlackBerry. The GoPayment credit card reader is free with a GoPayment account and after a $29.97 mail-in rebate. Intuit takes a 2.7% cut of swiped transactions on free GoPayment accounts but customers who sign up for a $12.95 monthly option can pay a lower 1.7% per-transaction rate. Read on for the full press release.
YOUR SMARTPHONE OR TABLET NOW TAKES PLASTIC: VERIZON WIRELESS AND INTUIT TEAM UP TO OFFER GOPAYMENT; MOBILE CREDIT CARD PROCESSING FOR SMALL BUSINESSES
Intuit GoPayment App and Credit Card Reader Now Available at Verizon Wireless Stores
BASKING RIDGE, N.J. & MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. – Verizon Wireless and Intuit Inc. (Nasdaq: INTU) today announced a strategic alliance to give all small businesses – from the sole proprietor to a medium-sized business – the ability to process creditcard payments on smartphones and tablets. The companies are now offering Intuit's GoPayment app and pocket-sized credit card reader in Verizon Wireless' 2,300 retail stores and business-to-business sales channels.
GoPayment makes it easier and more affordable for small businesses to process credit cards and for anyone who sells products or services to accept credit card payments wirelessly. The card reader simply plugs into the audio jack of a supported smartphone or tablet. Credit and debit cards can be swiped through the card reader or entered into the app manually. The transaction is processed immediately and funds are automatically deposited into a user's bank account within a few business days. GoPayment supports devices on Android™, BlackBerry® and iOS platforms for most popular 3G and 4G LTE smartphones and tablets.
“Intuit's GoPayment on America's most reliable network is a mobile transaction game changer, and brings another dimension of must-have technology to the small business community,” said Mike Schaefer, executive director of the Business Solutions Group for Verizon Wireless. “Payments and transactions are often the biggest hurdle businesses face. Our value proposition is to streamline, simplify and enable business owners to get paid with minimal delay. This collaboration with Intuit is an important part of our strategy to bring the most innovative online and mobile tools to ourcustomers.”
“Rather than lose out on potential business, anyone who sells a product or service can now easily and affordably give their customers the option of paying with plastic,” said Chris Hylen, general manager of Intuit's PaymentSolutions division. “GoPayment is meeting a huge need and is one of the fastest growing mobile payment solutions in the market. With Verizon Wireless, we'll help even more people discover that they too can process credit card payments on the phones or tablets they already own.”
To save time when processing payments, GoPayment offers the ability to create and sell from a list of frequently sold items. Depending on the types of goods and services sold, users can choose to apply sales tax, add tips and send customized receipts via text message and email with a map of where the transaction took place. To protect data, sensitive credit card information is never stored on the phone. The data is also encrypted – once via the card reader and a second time via the GoPayment app.
For the more than four million small businesses that use QuickBooks®, GoPaymentcan also sync transactions with recent versions of QuickBooks – PC, Mac and soon QuickBooks Online – to save time by reducing manual data entry. GoPayment also supports up to 50 users on one account, which is ideal for businesses with multiple employees who work in the field.
Pricing
VerizonWireless customers can get the GoPayment credit card reader free with activation of a GoPayment account and a mail-in rebate for the $29.97 purchase price. The GoPayment mobile payment app is free and the basic service has no monthly, transaction or cancellation fees, and offers a competitive 2.7 percent discount rate for swiped transactions.
A paid version of GoPayment is also available for $12.95 a month and provides a low discount rate of 1.7 percent for swiped transactions. Intuit is offering Verizon Wireless customers two months of free service when they select this monthly paid plan.
Customers who purchase a smartphone for their GoPayment use will need to subscribe to a Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk plan beginning at $39.99 for monthly access. Tablet and smartphone users require a data package starting at $30 monthly access for 2 GB of data.
For additional information, please visit http://www.verizonwireless.com/gopayment or gopayment.com/verizon.
The Buchanan County Sheriff told TV9 Sunday, authorities are aware of the shooting, but said he couldn't go into further details.
The zebra named Taz was two and half years old when someone shot and killed him.
"This is a continuing investigation," said Sheriff Bill Wolfgram. "So, [I]cannot comment further."
_________________
PREVIOUS STORY:
Someone shot and killed a zebra in Oelwein. The zebra's owner says he knows exactly who did it after receiving threats for months.
One of Henninger's seven zebras was killed sometime around Halloween. It was two and a half-year-old Taz.
He found the animal on the 31st-- his birthday-- dead, shot in the stomach.
"The last three or four days I've been pretty consumed," Henninger said.
Henninger believes he knows who did it. That's because for months he's been receiving threatening texts, photos, and videos. In them-- someone is seen shooting, even roasting a stuffed zebra.
He reported everything to area sheriff's deputies. Now, he's hoping authorities can do something to prevent other animals from being attacked. Pets, he says, bring him and so many others joy.
"The kids come out and see them and play our games and stuff they say it's the best day they ever had," Henninger said.
Late Saturday night the man Mike believed sent him the videos contacted TV9. That man said he's been struggling with mental health troubles. He admitted making those videos - calling them a joke, but he denied killing the zebra.
TV9 reached out to authorities but hasn't heard back.
Ever since the FCC handed down its 3-2 decision against cable operator Comcast's network management techniques, Comcast has been expected to sue the FCC. Today, the cable giant made good on those predictions, filing an appeal of the FCC ruling in the DC Court of Appeals, which has jurisdiction over FCC decisions.
The appeal itself is brief: a two-page document, a cover letter, and a $450 check. But the fight that it spawns will no doubt drag on for quite some time, centering on one major question: can the FCC rule against Comcast based on a policy statement that the FCC said was not enforceable at the time?
In a statement today, however, Comcast did admit that the FCC does have the authority to regulate ISPs "in appropriate circumstances and in accordance with appropriate procedures."
As the legal process plays itself out, Comcast has pledged to abide by the order and continue its work to move towards a protocol-agnostic throttling system that could slow "heavy users" down to DSL levels for 20 minutes at a time (another piece of the bandwidth management puzzle, hard bandwidth caps, were also announced last month).
"Although we are seeking review and reversal of the Commission's network management order in federal court, we intend to comply fully with the requirements established in that order, which essentially codify the voluntary commitments that we have already announced, and to continue to act in accord with the Commission's Internet Policy Statement," said David Cohen, Comcast's executive vice president.
"Thus, we intend to make the required filings and disclosures, and we will follow through on our longstanding commitment to transition to protocol-agnostic network congestion management practices by the end of this year."
With Comcast pledging to abide by the FCC's decision, what's the point of the lawsuit? The FCC's finding and order are precedent setting, in that the Commission has rendered a decision on how far ISPs can go in managing their networks for the first time. That's a precedent Comcast and its cable and telecom brethren would rather not have, as they would prefer to manage their networks in any manner they see fit without directives from the FCC covering what kinds of management techniques are over the line.
Santana Row is sticking with the seafood genre for the prime space that was home to the Lark Creek Restaurant Group's Lark Creek Blue and Yankee Pier.
EMC Seafood & Raw Bar, a popular and rapidly expanding Southern California chain, will open its first Northern California location at the upscale San Jose center. A summertime opening is planned for the restaurant known for its emphasis on raw seafood from uni (sea urchin) to oysters and such specialties as congee (rice porridge) with abalone or clams
Co-founder Michael Kwan launched EMC in 2013 in Los Angeles' Koreatown, and has since added restaurants in Irvine, Woodland Hills and most recently, Santa Anita.
The menu is more Asian-Californian fusion than Korean, wrote Los Angeles Times reviewer Stephanie Cha, recommending the “fresh, briny and sweet” uni either in its raw form or with pasta, and the tempura-fried soft-shell crab sliders. Also, “you can't go wrong with oysters,” she said.
The OC Weekly raved about the lobster ravioli, and the L.A. Daily News praised the restaurant's “sophisticated” look and the blue crab lettuce cups with an “old-school Louie sauce.”
Diners who don't eat seafood or fish will find a couple of burgers at lunchtime and steak at dinner.
For a look at the SoCal menus, go to www.emcseafood.com.
Butler University officials say three cases of mumps, a contagious disease caused by a virus, were found on its Indianapolis campus.
Buy Photo Butler university has run out of room to grow. (Photo: Joe Vitti/IndyStar 2013 file photo)Buy Photo
Butler University officials have confirmed that three cases of mumps, a contagious disease caused by a virus, were found on campus.
The three students have left campus and returned home, according to the university. The cases were identified Thursday and confirmed Friday evening.
Students who are exhibiting symptoms can go to Butler University Health Services from 9:30 a.m. to 2 p.m. on Sunday. Symptoms, which appear 16 to 18 days after exposure, usually start with a fever. Other symptoms include headache, muscle aches, tiredness, loss of appetite, and swollen and tender salivary glands under the ears.
A person infected with the virus can spread it by coughing, sneezing, talking, sharing items and touching objects or surfaces, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. The disease can be prevented with the MMR, or measles-mumps-rubella, vaccine, though it's not 100 percent effective.
Students are encouraged to call the health services at (317) 940-9385. They can also call the Indiana State Department of Health at (317) 373-2477.
Earlier this week, Indiana University confirmed two cases of mumps on its Bloomington campus. The university said the cases were identified two weeks apart.
Marion County health officials also are recommending that about 400 students, faculty and staff at Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis be tested for tuberculosis, after they came into contact with a student recently diagnosed with the disease.
Call IndyStar reporter Kristine Guerra at (317) 444-6209. Follow her on Twitter: @kristine_guerra.
Read or Share this story: http://indy.st/1XqEelo
How Artificial Intelligence Could Transform Your Business?
Can intelligent technology make your business more intelligent? Well, it is already happening: Artificial Intelligence based applications are being developed to revolutionize the business sector by automating tasks and much more. But for repeated return on investment, businesses should make pristine choices about when and how to introduce advanced technology.
Artificial Intelligence has already taken over the business arena with intuitive applications that multi task everything from cutting down costs to handling tasks. AI can clearly check fraudulent transactions by analyzing data trends and also through security measures like biometric and iris recognition etc. AI will clearly be the next big thing in the coming years that will fundamentally take over jobs. It will also create entirely new professions and will change the nature of the jobs by easing things up.
AI's Greatest Strength – Personalized Experience For Your Customer
We all live in a world where the customer attention span is merely a few seconds. A recent study shows that more than 40% of the customers abandon a website immediately if it takes more than 3 seconds to load. Even online retailers are finding it difficult to reduce their shopping cart abandonment due to the failure in engaging customers.
AI has successfully penetrated into industries such as healthcare, finance and marketing. In the future, Artificial Intelligence will benefit industries such as logistics, eCommerce, education and public sector governance. AI will enable people to have a look and buy products that never existed in the online market thus engaging customers to buy more.
AI And Personalization
Personalization is not a new phenomenon. It is a more enhanced way of showing recommendations to customers to influence their buying patterns. Often, eCommerce websites would suggest a few similar products when a user spends time on a particular product page. These recommendations are currently being made by using collaborative filters like best sellers, trending, summer sale etc. These data are often manually derived from different channels such as the website and mobile apps. AI automates this process and provides a glitch free customer experience across both the channels of the business. AI analyses the user with a set of algorithms that reads and influences the mind of the customer.
How To Implement AI In Your Business?
AI's potential for businesses is very clear. But, what should be automated or which domain has to be automated is the million dollar question. Implementation of AI in any one of your business processes requires assessment in four levels-
Mitigate
Seclude
Substitute
Initiate
Mitigate- Technology eases up monotonous work processes by allowing employees to be engaged in a task that requires more skills. To mitigate approach allows businesses to reduce pending tasks and allows workers to be shifted to more revenue generating tasks.
Seclude- The Seclude approach involves splitting up a particular job to decide on which could be automated. Machine learning can automate only a certain aspect of the job, initially. The decision on choosing the right piece of the work for automation is the only task that a business is left with.
Substitute- This process involves a lot of confidence and belief that technology can finally take over the job, completely. Substituting technology for human beings to get a job done faster and more efficiently.
Technology will do the entire work once performed by a group of individuals.
Initiate- Initiating AI in your regular operations makes employees more efficient by adding more to their skills.
The true promise of AI: Twinning technology and human skills to achieve quicker and better outcomes by doing what humans alone couldn't do all these years. The advancements in medical and scientific research are examples of this approach.
As technology advances in power, it is mandatory for the strategic workforce to sit down under one roof and decide where AI should be implemented. Your organization must move away from the usual talent look outs and the approach should rather be on interplay of talent and technology.
About
Hello everyone,
My name is Matthew Coman and I'm a musician based out of Saint Joseph, Missouri who performs locally and in the surrounding areas. When I'm not on Reddit or being a daddy I am working with the greatest love of my life: music. I have been writing and recording music since I was twelve years old, and have released two albums on my website along with my new single "The Last Setting Sun" that are free to download at: http://www.matthewcoman.bandcamp.com
I am interested in making a music video for that single on my upcoming album entitled "No Other Animal." I have put a lot of work into this new album and hope that it will be received warmly with others. I am planning on working with some very talented filmmakers on making a music video for the new song, and in order to do this I need a little help from my internet friends...
If this project gets funded I plan on immediately beginning the making of this video. Please visit the link to my music page above and if you like the music, and you're able to help out in any way I will do all that I can to make sure that your generosity does not go unnoticed.
Thank you,
Matthew Coman
Finally rode the 339 all the way down the whole route from the lay-by on Grove Green Road Leytonstone to its terminus at Shadwell Station. This is one of London's newest bus routes (if not the newest) and only a few months old already a classic, riding the byways to the Highway.
Truth be told I was nearly put off by the 51 minute travel time, I reckon I could walk it in just over double that – but it was my dedication to the topographical tradition that compelled me to stick with it.
Some people might think it odd for a father of two to make a video recording the ‘highlights' of a bus journey through east London, but I see this as being like the early films of the 1900's – the phantom rides shot from the front of trains and trams trundling down high streets – although I had to shoot this one out of the side window. Imagine watching it in 100 years when most of this will be underwater.
Welcome back to our continuing series on systemd. The powerful startup and management system contains many useful functions. One is journald, which logs data about your system and the services it runs. Knowing more about the journal helps you easily discover information and troubleshoot when necessary.
Basic journal use
The journalctl command lets you interact with the journal. By default, journalctl shows you the entire journal content:
journalctl
If you're not new to Linux, you'll recall that older systems use syslog to record log data. You'll notice the output of the journal looks very much like syslog output. Here's an example from my host. Don't worry if you don't know what any of this means. These are messages from booting the system recently.
-- Logs begin at Fri 2015-11-06 16:55:01 EST, end at Tue 2015-11-10 17:01:23 EST. -- Nov 06 16:55:01 scarlett systemd-journal[200]: Runtime journal is using 8.0M (max allowed 297.9M, trying to leave 446.9M free of 2.9G available → current limit 297.9M). Nov 06 16:55:01 scarlett systemd-journal[200]: Runtime journal is using 8.0M (max allowed 297.9M, trying to leave 446.9M free of 2.9G available → current limit 297.9M). Nov 06 16:55:01 scarlett kernel: microcode: CPU0 microcode updated early to revision 0x19, date = 2013-06-21 Nov 06 16:55:01 scarlett kernel: Initializing cgroup subsys cpuset Nov 06 16:55:01 scarlett kernel: Initializing cgroup subsys cpu Nov 06 16:55:01 scarlett kernel: Initializing cgroup subsys cpuacct Nov 06 16:55:01 scarlett kernel: Linux version 4.2.5-300.fc23.x86_64 (mockbuild@bkernel02.phx2.fedoraproject.org) (gcc version 5.1.1 20150618 (Red Hat 5.1.1-4) (GCC) ) #1 SMP Tue Oct 27 04:29:56 UTC 2015 Nov 06 16:55:01 scarlett kernel: Command line: BOOT_IMAGE=/vmlinuz-4.2.5-300.fc23.x86_64 root=/dev/mapper/fedora_scarlett-root ro rd.lvm.lv=fedora_scarlett/root rhgb quiet LANG=en_US.UTF-8 Nov 06 16:55:01 scarlett kernel: x86/fpu: Legacy x87 FPU detected. Nov 06 16:55:01 scarlett kernel: x86/fpu: Using 'lazy' FPU context switches. Nov 06 16:55:01 scarlett kernel: e820: BIOS-provided physical RAM map: Nov 06 16:55:01 scarlett kernel: BIOS-e820: [mem 0x0000000000000000-0x000000000009ebff] usable Nov 06 16:55:01 scarlett kernel: BIOS-e820: [mem 0x000000000009ec00-0x000000000009ffff] reserved Nov 06 16:55:01 scarlett kernel: BIOS-e820: [mem 0x00000000000e4000-0x00000000000fffff] reserved Nov 06 16:55:01 scarlett kernel: BIOS-e820: [mem 0x0000000000100000-0x00000000bf75ffff] usable Nov 06 16:55:01 scarlett kernel: BIOS-e820: [mem 0x00000000bf760000-0x00000000bf76dfff] ACPI data Nov 06 16:55:01 scarlett kernel: BIOS-e820: [mem 0x00000000bf76e000-0x00000000bf7a7fff] ACPI NVS Nov 06 16:55:01 scarlett kernel: BIOS-e820: [mem 0x00000000bf7a8000-0x00000000bf7dffff] reserved Nov 06 16:55:01 scarlett kernel: BIOS-e820: [mem 0x00000000bf7eb800-0x00000000bfffffff] reserved
The journal uses a pager by default, so you can use arrow and PgUp/PgDn keys to move around. Try it out, and notice that some lines are highlighted. Error messages, for instance, appear in red.
Since the journal is persistent, the journal could cover months of system logs. You might not want to page through all that output. If you're looking for data from the most recent system boot, for example, you can use -b to show just that information:
journalctl -b
But for many people this also is a lot to look through. This is especially true if you're troubleshooting a specific service problem. Let's say you're trying to identify a problem with NetworkManager. You can filter the journal by systemd unit using the -u switch:
journalctl -b -u NetworkManager
But what if your system has been up for weeks or months? That's not uncommon with a Linux operating system like Fedora, after all. Fortunately you can also filter by time:
journalctl -b -u NetworkManager --since='yesterday'
Even more specifically, you can find errors by filtering on priority with -p. These priorities are the same as used in the old syslog system, such as err for errors, or warning for warnings.
journalctl -b -u NetworkManager --since='yesterday' -p err
Journal metadata
But there's a lot more to the journal than meets the eye. Each entry in the journal includes a large set of metadata.
If you use the -o switch, you can switch the output format for the journal. By default, the journal uses the short format, which mimics syslog. However, the verbose setting will show you metadata for each journal entry:
$ journalctl -b -u NetworkManager --since='yesterday' -o verbose Sun 2015-11-08 00:25:43.491639 EST [s=fdcd66beb0fc4bb1b46acabbb548fd69;i=e264b;b=a8ff73d157c541abbfaca338ecddccba;m=7192b31e50;t=52400b547291a;x=4a57fe2915e9a6c3] _MACHINE_ID=e72f725410ac48dfb979ead85d8ff44f _HOSTNAME=localhost _SYSTEMD_SLICE=system.slice _TRANSPORT=syslog _UID=0 _GID=0 SYSLOG_FACILITY=3 PRIORITY=6 SYSLOG_IDENTIFIER=dhclient _COMM=dhclient _EXE=/usr/sbin/dhclient _CAP_EFFECTIVE=203402 _SYSTEMD_CGROUP=/system.slice/NetworkManager.service _SYSTEMD_UNIT=NetworkManager.service _SELINUX_CONTEXT=system_u:system_r:dhcpc_t:s0 _CMDLINE=/sbin/dhclient -d -q -sf /usr/libexec/nm-dhcp-helper -pf /var/run/dhclient-wlp2s0.pid -lf /var/lib/NetworkManager/dhclient-d989668a-f8d3-4729-a2b0-d02b244e0161-wlp2s0.lease -cf / _BOOT_ID=a8ff73d157c541abbfaca338ecddccba SYSLOG_PID=2027 _PID=2027 MESSAGE=DHCPREQUEST on wlp2s0 to 192.168.1.254 port 67 (xid=0x6c674a2a) _SOURCE_REALTIME_TIMESTAMP=1446960343491639
Using fields
You can filter the journal on any of these fields as well. Take for example the useful _BOOT_ID field. This field lets systemd identify the boot session to which a log entry belongs. As we already saw, there's already a journalctl -b option to show only log entries from the most recent boot.
But what about previous times before the system was rebooted? You can tell the journal to show you all recorded boot sessions:
$ journalctl --list-boots -2 d30ee3a4f9ac4104aee3940d844e41fa Wed 2015-09-30 14:42:41 EDT—Wed 2015-09-30 14:58:03 EDT -1 1c677fd72e82413bb68fe95f10524aef Fri 2015-10-23 11:02:15 EDT—Mon 2015-11-02 08:55:44 EST 0 a8ff73d157c541abbfaca338ecddccba Mon 2015-11-02 08:55:51 EST—Sun 2015-11-08 21:01:01 EST
As you can see, the most recent boot session ID matches that in the journal entry above (starting with a8ff73d1…). This makes sense, because we requested the journal only show entries since the most recent boot. But now we can specifically request messages from the previous boot session.
And by the way, you can use the Tab key to autocomplete the boot ID, to avoid an error in typing. Not only that, but you can autocomplete the field name too, For instance, type journalctl _B[Tab] and the field completes. Then you could type 1c[Tab] using our example above, and the value completes:
journalctl _BOOT_ID=1c677fd72e82413bb68fe95f10524aef -u NetworkManager
Another useful field is _COMM. You can use this to filter by a specific executable that may have resulted in an error. For instance, the NetworkManager service launches the dhclient executable to get a network address for your Fedora system. If your system is not getting an address, you might want to see just the journal messages from dhclient:
journalctl _COMM=dhclient --since='2 hours ago'
If you want to know the available values for any field, you can use the -F switch. Notice how this command, for instance, shows you similar information to –list-boots:
journalctl -F _BOOT_ID
For instance, you could use this command to find out the names of all systemd units the system has ever run:
journalctl -F _SYSTEMD_UNIT
Logs made simple
Perhaps you're not interested in using the journal through a terminal. Fortunately, there's a useful application called Logs you can get for your Fedora Workstation, or other edition. Install it via the Software application. It gives you an easy, point and click interface for looking at systemd log messges.
You may have seen this application earlier. In fact, we reported about it in Fedora Magazine in this post for Fedora 21. You'll be happy to know it is now lightning-fast, and loads messages on demand.
The log messages are separated by what generated the message. To choose a different category, click it on the left side of the app. You can also choose a specific boot session to examine logs. Click on the date and time header control to select the session you prefer. You can also search for specific issues using the search tool. Finally, to display details on any log message, click the message in the list.
Hopefully this article has shown you some useful and interesting ways to use the journal. For additional helpful information, refer to this blog entry in the original “systemd for administrators” series. Happy logging!
EIA: Power-to-gas brings a new focus to the issue of energy storage from renewable sources
Using hydrogen gas directly (or blended with natural gas) in applications such as power generation or vehicle fuel
Feeding fuel cells by injecting hydrogen and either oxygen or air into the cell to produce electricity from the resultant chemical reaction
Combining the hydrogen (H2) with carbon dioxide (CO2) to create synthetic methane (CH4), which could be used as a replacement for natural gas
Large-scale electricity storage technologies are currently limited in use, with pumped hydroelectric storage accounting for more than 98% of total storage capacity. However, nonhydro storage is increasing, and there is considerable interest in developing new storage technologies with attractive costs and operating characteristics. Power-to-gas conversion is a potential storage solution that is undergoing advanced study and approaching commercial application.A power-to-gas system converts electricity generated during periods of high output and low demand (such as strong wind during off-peak hours) by splitting water into hydrogen and oxygen through electrolysis. The hydrogen is stored for future use as fuel, while the oxygen may be sold for industrial use or released into the atmosphere.There are three potential uses for the stored hydrogen:The commercial use of power-to-gas technology is primarily being considered in Europe, where it is being reviewed by the European Gas Research Group, as well as the energy departments of several nations. In Germany alone there are 18 different experimental programs being conducted. Power-to-gas conversion is also being evaluated for commercial application in the United States by the Southern California Gas Company, in conjunction with the U.S. Department of Energy's National Renewable Energy Laboratory and the National Fuel Cell Research Center at the University of California, Irvine.This research is exploring various avenues for using hydrogen produced through electrolysis, including hydrogen injection into the natural gas pipeline and storage infrastructure, synthetic methane production through biomethanization, and fuel cell applications. The goal of these projects is to produce commercial-scale energy storage.Power-to-gas is a storage solution that can help address grid-stability problems that arise when an increasing share of power is generated from sources that have a highly variable output. Solar and wind accounted for nearly 5% of U.S. net electricity generation in 2014, and they are forecast to account for a greater share of the emerging generation portfolio, particularly in scenarios where policies such as the Environmental Protection Agency's (EPA) proposed Clean Power Plan reduce reliance on existing fossil-fueled generation are implemented.Currently, electric grid balancing is done through the increased use of conventional power stations when renewable power generation falls off, or in some cases through the disconnection of renewable sources when the amount of power generated exceeds the requirements or capacity of the distribution grid. In the future, renewable generation may provide new opportunities for energy storage, which is likely to continue to grow in importance.For more information, please visit : http://www.eia.gov
The battle between the Phoenix City Council and Tucson's Satanic Temple dominated many local pages in the state of Arizona last week and caught the attention of at least one Tucson business owner. After the vote by the Phoenix City Council resulted in removing prayer and replacing it with moment of silence, Anthony Rocco DiGrazia, of Rocco's Little Chicago Pizzeria celebrated.
DiGrazia let his satisfaction be known on his business' roadside sign with a simple statement: “Congratulations Satanic Temple.” While the message stayed up for a short of time before being taken down, a long list of people still took notice.
DiGrazia spoke with me briefly Saturday morning about the decision. He decided to put up the sign because he knew someone, who he claimed had been close to the situation for well over 10 to 12 years. He had been following the news from Phoenix with great intent because of that relationship. He said that he was appalled by what he described as “blatant bigotry and discrimination,” at the Phoenix City Council meetings.
The reason the sign came down was not due to any backlash. On the contrary, it was for business and he wanted to promote his restaurant's upcoming specials for the next week.
“I took it down because I have the Super Bowl coming up and I have a Super Bowl sign up. I took it down because our sign is a symbol. I don't keep things up there for too long. Sometimes we do – sometimes we don't. There are three days till poonch-key day which is a Polish dessert that's done on Fat Tuesday and we're serving them on Tuesday morning,” explained DiGrazia. “I had one gentleman on social media seemed very adamant on trying to change the subject and he tried to engage me in conversation and basically he told me that there is no separation between church and state. That was the extent. I just told him I was glad he shared his opinion and that was it.”
This is not the first time that DiGrazia has been in the public eye in response to actions passed by the government. Back in 2014 in February when both Arizona houses of legislature passed Senate Bill 1062 that gave business owners in the state the right to refuse service to homosexuals and others based on religious freedom DiGrazia responded with his own refusal of services scheme. In the window of his business, he taped a laminated sign that read: “We reserve the right to refuse service to Arizona legislators” and followed with a Twitter post that read “Funny how just being decent is starting to seem radical these days”.
Those aren't the only times DiGrazia has found himself making statements against controversial local policies, and it is unlikely that it will be the last time.
“We have a long, almost 20 years streak, of running our mouth off on our side and it is not going to stop anytime soon…I'm an advocate for civil liberties basically. I don't have any ulterior motives and I'm glad that the Satanic Temple, whatever their belief is and if you read their mission statement it has nothing to do with Satan except as a metaphor for rebelling against tyranny. I'm not a Satanist. I don't care what the hell anyone says about anything. It's just that I think they were in the right on this,” said DiGrazia.
DiGrazia was very kind. He told me that they would be open on the day of the Super Bowl this weekend, and invited me to come in if I wanted a pizza. While the argument could be made that the separation of church and state is getting more blurry as the years go by, I am willing to say this: I can put aside my religious, business, political and personal beliefs aside if the food is good enough. Perhaps DiGrazia feels the same way.
Some say the kitchen is a view into someone's soul; I just might have to find out for myself if he has one.
Sacramento police made four arrests with bait bikes in a 24-hour period ending Saturday morning.The bait bikes were left locked downtown and in Oak Park -- and quickly produced results. The Sacramento Police Department said 23-year-old Heriberto Torres stole the first bike near McGeorge Law School. It was found later on Second Avenue.In the same area, officers found Cordell Syce, who was wanted for a parole violation.Another bait bike was deployed along the 300 block of J Street."When these bikes get taken or tampered with, we know," Officer Doug Morse said. "An electronic signal goes off and officers immediately rush to that area in hopes of tracking that bike." Officers quickly found James Jones and Kenneth Howe, who were arrested on theft charges. One of the men was also booked on narcotics charges.Morse said signs have been posted downtown near bike racks warning that thieves will be caught
Sacramento police made four arrests with bait bikes in a 24-hour period ending Saturday morning.
The bait bikes were left locked downtown and in Oak Park -- and quickly produced results.
Advertisement
The Sacramento Police Department said 23-year-old Heriberto Torres stole the first bike near McGeorge Law School. It was found later on Second Avenue.
In the same area, officers found Cordell Syce, who was wanted for a parole violation.
Another bait bike was deployed along the 300 block of J Street.
"When these bikes get taken or tampered with, we know," Officer Doug Morse said. "An electronic signal goes off and officers immediately rush to that area in hopes of tracking that bike."
Officers quickly found James Jones and Kenneth Howe, who were arrested on theft charges. One of the men was also booked on narcotics charges.
Morse said signs have been posted downtown near bike racks warning that thieves will be caught
AlertMe
I designed this to be a phone background, so feel free to introduce your phone to the Japanese countryside as seen through pixel art.
No, I'm not planning on spending a season in that wonderful country across the ocean (yet). What I have done is create a digital image, using solely my wits and every pixel that a modern computing system has to offer. It's the most sumptuous morsel of Japanese landscape art since the backgrounds of Samurai Champloo This one was inspired by watching Big Hero 6 and one of the maps on Counter Strike: Global Offensive. Big Hero 6 takes place in a fictional, futuristic blending of San Francisco and Tokyo which I found to be just the coolest. Wanting to draw something in a similar theme reminded me of one of the views visible on the map de-Season.Also, you can check out my website for regular updates: F&I
Sustainability never looked so stylish -- or straightforward.
Lauren Singer runs Trash Is for Tossers, a no-waste lifestyle blog that is brimming with smart, simple and sleek-looking tips, tricks and DIY projects for adopting a more sustainable life.
"I would like people to take away that we can all, regardless of our background, our beliefs, where we live or our socioeconomic status, take simple steps to reduce our environmental impact. It is simple to say no to a plastic straw or carry a reusable bag," Singer told The Huffington Post.
Trash is for Tossers Lauren Singer says she adopted this lifestyle 3 years ago.
Singer's environmental epiphany struck her three years ago when she was a senior at NYU, where she was earning a degree in environment studies.
“One day after class I went home to make dinner and opened my refrigerator and saw that everything in there was packaged in plastic and I felt like a total hypocrite,” Singer told HuffPost.
So, she slowly took baby steps toward sustainability. She started out by finding a grocery store with a machine that ground fresh peanut butter on site and brought her own re-usable jar. Soon after she switched her lifestyle, Singer was producing so little waste, she was able to fit three years' worth of her trash into a single 16-ounce mason jar:
This has got to be the most impressive use of a Mason jar ever: http://t.co/9Ajsem8OfA@Trashis4Tossers pic.twitter.com/XT5EtcHXah — Well + Good (@WellandGoodNYC) February 20, 2015
According to New York Magazine items inside the jar include plastic straws, clothing tags, a Band-Aid and a few food wrappers.
Singer told the magazine that the only time she got frustrated and used something that produced a lot of waste was when she got poison ivy.
“I'm really allergic to it. I tried natural remedies and they didn't work. Went to the dermatologist, and they gave me topical steroids that come in a tube. I ended up being able to recycle the cap, but I wasn't sure about the actual medicine itself.”
And that is it.
Lauren Singer / Simply Co.
Since she started her blog three years ago, she launched a successful Kickstarter campaign to start her own business called Simply Co., which sells a line of “handmade, organic, vegan” laundry detergent, and spreads the word about simple sustainability on her blog.
Here are some of her tips:
1. Use glass containers, reusable cloth bags and a stainless steel lunch kit instead of plastic:
2. Search for products that lighten your footprint, like bamboo toothbrushes that come in paper packaging:
3. Keep re-usable bags in your car or folded in your purse or back pocket:
My Zero Waste travel kit is up on the blog!!! #trashisfortossers #zerowaste #travel #eco #sustainable #travelgreen #diy #homemade #nowaste #notrash A photo posted by Trash Is For Tossers (@trashisfortossers) on Nov 24, 2013 at 1:11pm PST
4. Instead of buying wrapping paper, get creative with paper you have lying around the house:
5. Make your own DIY beauty products:
Scientists have misunderstood one of the most fundamental processes in the life of plants because they have been looking at the wrong flower, according to University of Leeds researchers.
Arabidopsis thaliana--also known as thale cress or mouse-ear cress--grows abundantly in cracks in pavements all over Europe and Asia, but the small white flower leads a second life as the lab rat of the plant world.
It has become the dominant "model plant" in genetics research because of its simple genetics and ease of use in a research environment. Thousands of trays of the humble weed are cultivated in laboratories across the world, but it turns out they may actually contain a rather oddball plant.
A study by researchers at the University of Leeds found that Arabidopsis thaliana was exceptional in not having a "censorship" protein called SMG1.
SMG1 was known to play a vital role in the growth of animals as multicellular organisms, but scientists thought that plants built their complex life fundamentally differently. That conclusion, it turns out, was built on a dummy sold by Arabidopsis thaliana.
Professor Brendan Davies from the University of Leeds' School of Biology, who led the study, said: "Everybody thought that this protein was only in animals. They thought that because, basically, most of the world studies one plant: Arabidopsis thaliana."
Gene expression--the process by which the information from a genome is converted into the differentiated cells that make up complex life--relies on processes that turn genes on, when their genetic messages are required, and off when they are not.
"Switching genes on and off is really what life is about. If you can't do that, you can't have life," said Professor Davies. "There are various ways this is done, but one way in more complex life such as animals and plants is through a sort of 'censorship' process. The system looks at the messages that come out of the nucleus and effectively makes a judgement on them. It says 'I am going to destroy that message now' and intervenes to destroy it before it takes effect."
Scientists know that this "censorship" process--called Nonsense Mediated mRNA Decay (NMD)--is used by both plants and animals, but thought the two types of organism did it in different ways.
Because Arabidopsis thaliana does not have SMG1, which plays a key role in triggering the censorship system in animals, scientists had concluded that SMG1 was not present in any plant.
However, the Leeds researchers discovered that the plant that has established itself as the standard reference plant for all biology is in fact an anomaly.
"We have found that SMG1 is in every plant for which we have the genome apart from Arabidopsis and we have established that it is being used in NMD. Rather than being just in animals, we are suggesting that the last common ancestor of animals and plants had SMG1," Professor Davies said.
The study also found SMG1 in Arabidopsis lyrata, a close relative of Arabidopsis thaliana, which suggests that the missing protein has been lost relatively recently in evolutionary time, perhaps in the last 5-10 million years.
The next key question for researchers is to explain how organisms without SMG1, such has funghi and Arabiposis thaliana, work without the protein.
As for Arabidopsis thaliana, it may not have met its Waterloo just yet. "It is still a fantastically useful model. We would not be anywhere close to where we are in understanding plant biology without it, but this is a lesson to us all about the dangers of extrapolating from a single model, however successful that model has been, and the importance of studying processes in a range of models. Evolution does strange and unpredictable things," Professor Davies said.
The flower, which is a member of the mustard family, was first recorded by Johannes Thal in the Harz mountains of northern Germany in the 16th century, but its scientific career really took off at the very end of the 1970s and the early 1980s when molecular geneticists chose it as the ideal model.
Its simple genome, small size, ease of cultivation, and rapid life cycle have since made it an institution in plant genetics with books, web sites and academic conferences devoted to it. In 2008 alone, 3,500 papers on Arabidopsis thaliana were added to the PubMed database, which logs important publications in the life sciences.
The plant has a history of leaving scientists scratching their heads. In the 18th century, it was categorised as one of the Arabis genus but had to be renamed "Arabidopsis," meaning "resembling Arabis" after the original classification was found to be incorrect.
###
The paper, published in The Plant Journal, was co-authored by Professor Davies and University of Leeds PhD student James Lloyd. The research was funded by a grant from the Gatsby Charitable Foundation.
Further Information:
Professor Brendan Davies and James Lloyd are available for interview.
Contact: Chris Bunting, Senior Press Officer, University of Leeds; phone: +44 113 343 2049 or email c.j.bunting@leeds.ac.uk
The Environmental Protection Agency will indefinitely postpone bans on certain uses of three toxic chemicals found in consumer products, according to an update of the Trump administration's regulatory plans.
Critics said the reversal demonstrated the agency's increasing reluctance to use enforcement powers granted to it last year by Congress under the Toxic Substances Control Act.
E.P.A. Administrator Scott Pruitt is “blatantly ignoring Congress's clear directive to the agency to better protect the health and safety of millions of Americans by more effectively regulating some of the most dangerous chemicals known to man,” said Senator Tom Carper, Democrat of Delaware and the ranking minority member on the Senate Environment and Public Works committee.
The E.P.A. declined to comment. In a news release earlier this month, the agency wrote that its “commonsense, balanced approach carefully protects both public health and the environment while curbing unnecessary regulatory burdens that stifle economic growth for communities across the country.”
WINNIPEG — A 28-foot mobile aquarium is rolling into Assiniboine Park Zoo on Friday.
The Vancouver Aquarium's AquaVan 150 Tour is visiting Winnipeg to teach visitors all about marine life. The exhibit includes sea stars, sea cucumbers, crabs and sea anemones, among other invertebrates from the Pacific Coast.
“We have a great relationship with the Vancouver Aquarium, and we are very excited to have the AquaVan at the zoo,” said Gary Lunsford, senior director of animal care and conservation at Assiniboine Park Zoo.
“This will give visitors an opportunity to learn about marine life in an interactive way and also give them a better understanding of the role we all can play to ensure the health and preservation of our country's waterways for future generations.”
Various touch pools will teach visitors about ocean literacy and exploring the impacts humans have on our rivers, lakes, and oceans.
The AquaVan will be located inside the zoo across from Winston's Ice Cream Shoppe between 10 a.m. and 3 p.m. and is included with admission.
Advertisements
News Highlights
Related
Comments
comments
Discomfort by Evelyn Hampton
The stories in Evelyn Hampton's story collection, Discomfort, do not so much confront the idea or emotion of discomfort, but take it as an operating principal. Discomfort is the subject position from which these stories observe the world. As with much experimental fiction, when it is interesting, when it is successful, these stories deny the reader certain comforts—assumptions about character, plot, language—in order to open up other, stranger, narrative possibilities.
For many of the stories in this collection Hampton employs an almost obsessive first person narration, a series of inward-looking narrators who recursively circle back to their own puzzling existence. In “Boy,” for example, the narrator tells us that the unnamed boy of the story's title “was some aspect of me, a projection of my most disparate elements, so he was in every sense a contradiction.” The boy in the story is elusive, and there are several explanations for what or who he might actually be. As the story progresses, the certainty of the narrator's initial claim, that the boy is her own projection, begins to erode, and it becomes increasingly clear that she too is a projection—of the boy, of her mother, of others, etc. Ironically, though, it is when that certainty is called into question that the narrator begins to take on depth, as if only through struggle, through grappling with the question of the self, can the self truly emerge.
The story “Office” finds Hampton employing a similar narrative voice. “Office” follows a woman trying to figure out what she will do with her home office. And it isn't difficult to recognize that the question, What should I do with my office? is a stand-in for the question, What should I do with my life? But this simplistic interpretation does not get at the depth and complexity Hampton finds in the situation. It is in many ways the voice that allows her to plumb the depths that she does:
When I come home after being out, I feel sad, as if something that had never had a chance to begin has ended. In my office, I have tried to think about my origin, but the place I come from—the roads through it and the roads leading up to it—seems nondescript and vague, without clear boundaries, and I don't really know how to think about something that seems limitless. Looking from where I sit in my office through the columns of my neighbor's porch and seeing at the same time through the slats of my father's chair, I feel that I occupy two times at once, and since in each of these times I have a body, I also occupy two bodies at once. It's an uneasy feeling, so I sit very still, uncertain which body will respond when I next decide to move.
“Office” shares with “Boy” an obsessiveness of narration, as well as certain themes—alienation, a lost child, attachment—but these two stories represent one narrative mode amongst many that are employed throughout the book. The stories in Discomfort are often grounded in strange and fabulist premises, like the grandfather scanning his grandchild's thoughts at the edge of a frozen lake in “EEG,” or the wonderfully bizarre organic/parasitic installation piece described in the opening story, “Chute.”
In “Nowhere Hill,” the narrator opens by telling us that, “There was a particular place in a particular park where a person could stand, at a certain time, on a certain day, and cast no shadow.” The story then follows a group of children as they follow one boy up Nowhere Hill to the magical spot. The story's narrator, like many of the characters in the book, occupies a space just on the outside of the group, observing, but seemingly unobserved. Part of the group, or at least wanting to be a part of it, yet not of it. The narrator is worried about a watch, a Mickey Mouse watch that he keeps hidden, so the other children can't see it, so “they couldn't break it or take it away from me.” In many ways, the feeling the story is exploring, the fear of others, inseparable from the desire to be with them, is a familiar one. But the familiar is always embedded in the strange:
Hidden inside my pocket, the watch felt like a heaviness in my clothing, like sweat, and while I was aware of the heaviness that wasn't sweat and yet felt like sweat, the heaviness wasn't uncomfortable. Yet it didn't bother me until I began to think I could detect an odor coming from the heaviness.
What is interesting about “Nowhere Hill” is its indeterminacy. While many of the stories in this collection, like “Blondlot's Transformation,” or “The Largest Unobstructed Area Given to Ham,” present themselves almost from the first sentence as not being of this world, of not coming out of a realist tradition, “Nowhere Hill” is more difficult to pin down. The place in the park where a person doesn't cast a shadow could be magical or enchanted, or it could be a geographical/topographical oddity. A smelly watch may be an object behaving in a way that objects don't behave in this world, or it might just be a smelly watch, or not smelly at all but a manifestation of the narrator's self-consciousness. Where another writer might ground us in one world or the other—the fantastic or the mundane—Hampton lets the indeterminacy stand, lets it become the story's discomfort. That unknowability, the possibility without proof that something magical or otherworldly might be happening—that, too, recalls something familiar.
Author Brian Evenson said of Discomfort, “Hampton cannily reveals the uncanniness of all we think we know, and shows that that uncanniness belongs as much to our own minds as to things themselves.” The discomfort we often come up against in these stories is the discomfort of encountering the uncanny. Hampton's prose is often enchanting, and the stories in her collection have the ability to transform this mundane and familiar existence into something strange and sometimes scary, but exhilarating and beautiful as well.
+++
Evelyn Hampton is the author of the chapbook We Were Eternal and Gigantic (Magic Helicopter Press). Her writing can be found in The Brooklyn Rail, The Denver Quarterly, New York Tyrant, Birkensnake, Conjunctions, and other venues. She graduated with an MFA from the Literary Arts program at Brown University. She's is the author of the chapbook We Were Eternal and Gigantic (Magic Helicopter Press). Her writing can be found in The Brooklyn Rail, The Denver Quarterly, New York Tyrant, Birkensnake, Conjunctions, and other venues. She graduated with anfrom the Literary Arts program at Brown University. She's @lipservice
+
Izvor: Facebook/Pero Ćorić
"Ako to ne žele, neka s HSLS-om promiču liberalne i europske vrijednosti, a Domoljubna koalicija nastavlja bez HDZ-a", poručuje glavni tajnik HSP AS-a Pero Ćorić.
On poručuje da HDZ mora uskoro, za dva, tri dana odlučiti hoće li ići dalje s njima, "hoće li preuzeti dirigentsku palicu i boriti se za nacionalne interese i pobjedu na izborima kako bi spriječili povratak komunista na vlast ili će se baviti unutarstranačkim ratovima."
Naime, od trenutka kad je Tomislav Karamarko podnio ostavku na mjesto predsjednika HDZ-a u toj su stranci neslužbeno tvrdili da na sljedeće izbore sigurno neće izaći s Hrastom, te da je suradnja s HSP AS-om upitna zbog vodećeg dvojca, predsjednika Ivana Tepeša i glavnog tajnika Pere Ćorića, koji bi mogli biti preradikalni ako HDZ želi pokupiti više glasova na političkom centru.
"Mi smo razgovarali s Milijanom Brkićem, Tomislavom Čuljkom, Domagojem Miloševićem, Zlatkom Hasanbegovićem, ali nismo mogli ništa konkretno dogovoriti. Sad u te razgovore ulaze novi ljudi. Vidjet ćemo što nude i odlučit ćemo je li to nama prihvatljivo. HDZ ima 48 satis da se odluči želi li nastaviti suradnju u Domoljubnoj koaliciji ili ne", odgovara Ćorić na pitanje Novog lista boji li se da HDZ neće dalje nastaviti suradnju s njima.
N1 pratite putem aplikacija za Android | iPhone/iPad | Windows| i društvenih mreža Twitter | Facebook | Instagram.
Triangle of Death
Napoli map
The triangle of death (Italian: Triangolo della morte) is an area in the Italian province of Campania comprising the municipalities of Acerra, Nola and Marigliano that contains the largest illegal waste dump in Europe.[1][2] The region has recently experienced increasing deaths caused by cancer and other diseases that exceeds the Italian national average. The rise in cancer-related mortality is caused by pollution from illegal waste disposal[3] by outside and Italian government-censored sources transported by the Camorra criminal organization.
Definition [ edit ]
The term "triangle of death" was first used with regard to the region in an August 2004 scientific publication.[4][5][6]
An estimated 550,000 people live in this area. The annual death rate per 100,000 inhabitants from liver cancer is close to 34.5 for men and 20.8 for women, as compared to the national average of 14. The death rate for bladder cancer and cancer of the central nervous system is higher than in other European countries, although by a more modest increment. Campania, overall, has a lower-than-average cancer mortality rate than Italy.
The high death rate is due to illegal and improper hazardous waste disposal from various outside and Italian government censored sources and transported by various organized crime groups including the Camorra. [7]
The Lancet Oncology article noted:
Today, the difference between lawful management of waste and illegal manipulation with regard to their compliance with health regulations is very narrow, and the health risks are rising. — Alfredo Mazza, The Lancet Oncology, vol. 5, September 2004
and
The 5000 illegal or uncontrolled landfill sites in Italy drew particular criticism; Italy has already been warned twice for flouting the Hazardous Waste Directive and the Landfill Directive, and the EU has now referred Italy to the European Court of Justice for further action. — The Lancet Oncology, vol. 5, September 2004
Though some media outlets report France[2] and Germany[8] as waste sources the EU remains silent as to the sources of the waste in their criticisms and demands of Italy.
Epidemiological research [ edit ]
Cancer death rate In the following table, the death rate for every more common cancer that appear in the triangle of death, is reported. These data are according to the study published by The Lancet Oncology. Cancer Italy Campania ASL NA4 Liver (men) 14.0 15.0 38.4 Liver (women) 6.0 8.5 20.8 Bladder (men) 16.6 21.7 22.9 Bladder (women) 3.8 4.2 4.3 Central Nervous System (men) 6.2 7.1 8.5 Central Nervous System (women) 4.8 4.1 5.6
In 2007, research[9] conducted by the World Health Organization, Italian Istituto Superiore di Sanità, Consiglio Nazionale delle Ricerche and Campania Region collected data on cancer and congenital abnormalities in 196 municipalities covering the period between 1994 and 2002 found abnormally high disease incidence. These abnormal patterns may correlate to areas where there are uncontrolled waste sites. However, this work also highlighted the difficulty in determining causality and in establishing a link between increased death and malformation rates and waste disposal.
A US Navy study denied any real ill effects to on-base personnel while however advising their off-base personnel to drink bottled water citing polluted wells. The US Navy report denied any signs of nuclear waste dumping and instead related the traces of uranium to volcanic activity.[10][11]
Local studies have shown higher than permissible levels of lead in vegetables grown in the area.[12] The government blames the Mafia's illegal garbage disposal racket.[12]
Illegal toxic waste dumping in Campania [ edit ]
The boss of the Casalesi clan, Gaetano Vassallo, admitted to systematically working for 20 years to bribe local politicians and officials to gain their acquiescence to dumping toxic waste.[13][14] Giorgio Napolitano, President of Italian Republic, said in June 2008:[15][16]
It is certain, not only to citizens but to the government as well, that the systematic transfer of toxic waste from industries in Northern Italy to Campania, was committed by the Camorra Giorgio Napolitano, 4 June 2008.
Dangerous pollutants such as dioxins, are found in the area, particularly around Acerra,[17] as well as illegal waste disposal,[18] even in the business district of Montefibre.[19] As early as 1987, a decree of the Ministry of Environment marked Acerra "at high risk of environmental crisis".[20]
High levels of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) were detected both in the soil and in the inhabitants of the region, though no obvious emitters are known.[21] It is hypothesized that industrial slurry originating from Porto Marghera (industrial docklands near Venice) was disguised as compost and spread on fields in the Acerra countryside by the Casalesi clan, often with help from the landowners.[22][23]
In one case, a company had its assets seized during a 2006 investigation[24] in which it was alleged that the company had illegally disposed of waste from industries in the regions of Veneto and Tuscany in the territories of Bacoli, Giugliano and Qualiano. Approximately one million tonnes of toxic waste are said to have been disposed of, earning €27 million. The company was already the subject of a 2003 investigation.[25] In another case, a tank full of toxic substances was found buried in an illegal dump, in Marigliano.[26][27]
The illegal burning of waste, for example to recover copper from wiring,[28][29] is known to release dioxins into the atmosphere of Earth. Such fires are easily hidden among legitimate incineration resulting from the more general waste disposal problem, and the illegal burning of hazardous materials was particularly noted during 2007 and 2008. Between January and March 2007, 30,000 kilograms of waste were burned on agricultural land, with a revenue of more than €118,000.[28] The presence of fires in the north area of Naples led author Roberto Saviano to use "Land of fire" (terra dei fuochi) as chapter titles in his book Gomorrah.[30]
Hazardous industrial waste disposal may happen in lawful landfills, too. In 2000, a Parliamentary Commission enquiry about waste[31] discovered some 800,000 tonnes of mud in Pianura landfill, coming from ACNA of Cengio[32][33] in Naples, and the Italian Procura della Repubblica found (through telephone wiretappings) some irregularities in the waste disposal into the landfill of Villaricca, managed by FIBA (a company of the Impregilo group).[34]
Opposition to landfills [ edit ]
Uncollected garbage in Naples, 2010.
In 2008 the waste commissioner Guido Bertolaso, (the head of the civil protection department), planned to open a landfill but this was opposed by Chiaiano's residents,[35] because of mistrust of the governing institutions and the awareness of the population of the rise in cancer death rate.
There was similar resistance in Pianosa to reopening a closed landfill proposed by government commissioner Giovanni De Gennaro. In 2007 and 2008 some of the protests turned violent,[36] particularly in Naples and the suburbs of Quarto and Pozzuoli. It is alleged that there was collusion between local political interests and organised crime over building interests.[37][38]
The incinerator of Acerra was also seen as potential source of pollution and stirred conflict and debate in the local area.[39]
Causes [ edit ]
The triangle of death results partially from the Government failure regarding waste management. For a long time the Government has been trying to mandate recycling and waste management programs, but the results have not been efficient. The first issue coincides with decentralization in the governmental structure, which leads to implementation problems. In fact, local executive branches are supposed to supply waste management services, but since the central government can not exert full control over the different regions, local administration fail to follow the policy procedures.[40] As a result of the low supply and quality of the public waste management services, black markets have arisen to get rid of the excess waste. These illegal operations are controlled by the Mafia, who does not follow the right recycling and waste disposal techniques and thus produces negative externalities such as health hazards. In particular, harmful materials such as lead or acid batteries need special caution, which is not provided by black markets.[41]
A second cause is Market Failure, which derives from the fact that waste management is a public good and from information asymmetry between the government and the population. Waste management is a non-rivalrous and non-excludable good, and thus can be identified as a Public Good with consumption Externalities. The externalities produced by environmentally friendly waste management, such as recycling practices, are positive and therefore provide marginal social benefits that are higher than the marginal private benefits. As a result, waste management tends to be undersupplied. Moreover, the population has not been well educated about the positive externalities produced by recycling and thus Italian households have shown low rates of separate collection of waste materials, with the lowest percentages in the South.[42] Since there is not cooperation by the population, waste management implementation is more difficult to fully achieve at an efficient level.[43]
Pollution and agriculture exports [ edit ]
The agro-economy of the region has been adversely affected by the allegations. In March 2008,[44] dioxin were found in buffalo milk from farms in Caserta. Countries such as South Korea and Japan identified this pollution and subsequently banned imports of buffalo milk from the region. While only 2.8% of farms in Campania were affected,[45] the sale of dairy products from Campania collapsed in both domestic and global markets.[46][47][48]
Literature and film [ edit ]
The issue was raised by Roberto Saviano in his book Gomorrah and in the film of the same name. It was also the subject of a documentary by Esmeralda Calabria and Andrea D'Ambrosio entitled Biùtiful cauntri.
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
Bibliography [ edit ]
The latest addition to the long list of chemicals that I never hope to encounter takes us back to the wonderful world of fluorine chemistry. I'm always struck by how much work has taken place in that field, how long ago some of it was first done, and how many violently hideous compounds have been carefully studied. Here's how the experimental prep of today's fragrant breath of spring starts:
The heater was warmed to approximately 700C. The heater block glowed a dull red color, observable with room lights turned off. The ballast tank was filled to 300 torrs with oxygen, and fluorine was added until the total pressure was 901 torrs. . .
And yes, what happens next is just what you think happens: you run a mixture of oxygen and fluorine through a 700-degree-heating block. “Oh, no you don't,” is the common reaction of most chemists to that proposal, “. . .not unless I'm at least a mile away, two miles if I'm downwind.” This, folks, is the bracingly direct route to preparing dioxygen difluoride, often referred to in the literature by its evocative formula of FOOF.
Well, “often” is sort of a relative term. Most of the references to this stuff are clearly from groups who've just been thinking about it, not making it. Rarely does an abstract that mentions density function theory ever lead to a paper featuring machine-shop diagrams, and so it is here. Once you strip away all the “calculated geometry of. . .” underbrush from the reference list, you're left with a much smaller core of experimental papers.
And a hard core it is! This stuff was first prepared in Germany in 1932 by Ruff and Menzel, who must have been likely lads indeed, because it's not like people didn't respect fluorine back then. No, elemental fluorine has commanded respect since well before anyone managed to isolate it, a process that took a good fifty years to work out in the 1800s. (The list of people who were blown up or poisoned while trying to do so is impressive). And that's at room temperature. At seven hundred freaking degrees, fluorine starts to dissociate into monoatomic radicals, thereby losing its gentle and forgiving nature. But that's how you get it to react with oxygen to make a product that's worse in pretty much every way.
FOOF is only stable at low temperatures; you'll never get close to RT with the stuff without it tearing itself to pieces. I've seen one reference to storing it as a solid at 90 Kelvin for later use, but that paper, a 1962 effort from A. G. Streng of Temple University, is deeply alarming in several ways. Not only did Streng prepare multiple batches of dioxygen difluoride and keep it around, he was apparently charged with finding out what it did to things. All sorts of things. One damn thing after another, actually:
“Being a high energy oxidizer, dioxygen difluoride reacted vigorously with organic compounds, even at temperatures close to its melting point. It reacted instantaneously with solid ethyl alcohol, producing a blue flame and an explosion. When a drop of liquid 02F2 was added to liquid methane, cooled at 90°K., a white flame was produced instantaneously, which turned green upon further burning. When 0.2 (mL) of liquid 02F2 was added to 0.5 (mL) of liquid CH4 at 90°K., a violent explosion occurred.”
And he's just getting warmed up, if that's the right phrase to use for something that detonates things at -180C (that's -300 Fahrenheit, if you only have a kitchen thermometer). The great majority of Streng's reactions have surely never been run again. The paper goes on to react FOOF with everything else you wouldn't react it with: ammonia (“vigorous”, this at 100K), water ice (explosion, natch), chlorine (“violent explosion”, so he added it more slowly the second time), red phosphorus (not good), bromine fluoride, chlorine trifluoride (say what?), perchloryl fluoride (!), tetrafluorohydrazine (how on Earth. . .), and on, and on. If the paper weren't laid out in complete grammatical sentences and published in JACS, you'd swear it was the work of a violent lunatic. I ran out of vulgar expletives after the second page. A. G. Streng, folks, absolutely takes the corrosive exploding cake, and I have to tip my asbestos-lined titanium hat to him.
Even Streng had to give up on some of the planned experiments, though (bonus dormitat Strengus?). Sulfur compounds defeated him, because the thermodynamics were just too titanic. Hydrogen sulfide, for example, reacts with four molecules of FOOF to give sulfur hexafluoride, 2 molecules of HF and four oxygens. . .and 433 kcal, which is the kind of every-man-for-himself exotherm that you want to avoid at all cost. The sulfur chemistry of FOOF remains unexplored, so if you feel like whipping up a batch of Satan's kimchi, go right ahead.
Update: note that this is 433 kcal per mole, not per molecule (which would be impossible for even nuclear fission and fusion reaction (see here for the figures). Chemists almost always think in energetics in terms of moles, thus the confusion. It's still a ridiculous amount of energy to shed, and you don't want to be around when it happens.
So does anyone use dioxygen difluoride for anything? Not as far as I can see. Most of the recent work with the stuff has come from groups at Los Alamos, where it's been used to prepare national-security substances such as plutonium and neptunium hexafluoride. But I do note that if you run the structure through SciFinder, it comes out with a most unexpected icon that indicates a commercial supplier. That would be the Hangzhou Sage Chemical Company. They offer it in 100g, 500g, and 1 kilo amounts, which is interesting, because I don't think a kilo of dioxygen difluoride has ever existed. Someone should call them on this – ask for the free shipping, and if they object, tell them Amazon offers it on this item. Serves 'em right. Morons.
Tonight marks Jay Leno's final episode as host of The Tonight Show, after occupying that position for some 21 non-consecutive years. Many would argue that he stole that job from David Letterman, whom Leno's predecessor, Johnny Carson, had picked for the spot. Many would argue that he then stole it again from Conan O'Brien, who briefly occupied the spot from 2009-2010 when Leno failed to transition his act to prime time.
On a smaller scale, many would have a hard time arguing that Leno isn't a joke thief. He's been accused of ripping off other people's material repeatedly. Yes, theft is something that many a great comedian has been accused of. Yes, it's possible for two people to have the same idea, especially in the medium of mainstream joke-telling, which rewards obvious observations.
But the accusations against Leno are numerous. The sheer volume is damning. Funny that, because Leno himself sued a woman for stealing his jokes for a book in 2006. When the case was finally settled in 2008, Leno had this to say about the deplorable practice:
I thought it was important to make it clear that jokes are protected like any other art form. On behalf of the tremendous and talented group of writers we have at The Tonight Show and many other hardworking comedians, I'm very glad we've been able to stop this practice once and for all.
Haha, yeah right.
In the Las Vegas Review-Journal, writer Christopher Lawrence broke down some of Leno's borrowed bits:
"Jaywalking"? Stolen from Howard Stern. "Headlines"? That's Letterman's "Small Town News." Leno's "Don't Try This at Home"? You might remember it as Letterman's "Stupid Human Tricks." Even the "Green Car Challenge," the Jar Jar Binks of late-night bits, is a watered-down version of "Star in a Reasonably Priced Car," a recurring segment on Britain's "Top Gear," of which Leno is an admitted fan.
Below are a few more specific examples of when what came out of Leno's mouth was identical (or virtually so) to that of someone else.
Mitt Romney
Mitt's joke (February 18, 2010):
As always the games were very inspiring, but by the way, you probably didn't hear the news this morning—late breaking—the gold medal that was won last night by Lindsey Vonn has been stripped. It has been determined that President Obama has been going downhill faster than she has.
Jay's joke (March 1, 2010):
Lindsey Vonn on the show tonight. She was amazing, did you see her! When it comes to going downhill, nobody's faster. Ok, maybe except for NBC.
Former ESPN columnist Shane Igoe
Shane's joke (February 18, 2010):
Tiger a devout follower of Buddhism or Booty-ism? I still say the later.
Jay's joke (March 1, 2010):
[Tiger Woods is] returning to Buddhism… as opposed to what he was practicing before– that was 'Booty-ism.
Conan O'Brien
Conan's joke (March 11, 2008):
Latest shows business rumor is that Star Jones has broken up with her husband, Al Reynolds. Yeah, when asked about it, Star said, "It's not the first time I've gotten rid of 200 lbs. in one day."
Jay's joke (March 13, 2008):
Hey congratulations to Star Jones, lost another 170 lbs. Her husband, yeah.
Howard Stern
Howard's joke (November 10, 2003):
Using a chicken to predict the winner of football games.
Jay's joke (October 9, 2009):
Having NFL commentator Terry Bradshaw go up against a chicken in predicting football winners.
On this, Stern said, "This must be a giant Punk'd on me. This guy's ripped off like ten major things from my show. But the chicken thing we did for years." He also has called Leno "insane," "a crook," and, "a backstabbing cumbag."
Red Eye contributor Andy Levy
Andy's joke (May 24, 2011):
Supreme Court orders tens of thousands of California prisoners released. This actually might help the Raiders start selling out their home games again.
Jay's joke (May 26, 2011):
Bad news for the state of California. The Supreme Court decision will force the state to release something like 46,000 convicts because of prison overcrowding. But the good news: it looks like the Oakland Raiders will have more season ticket holders!
Red Eye host Greg Gutfeld
Greg's joke (May 31, 2011):
I think [Anthony Weiner] should resign, CNN will give him a job, it can be Spitzer and Weiner, sounds gross, sounds gross, but it actually could work…
Jay's joke (June 9, 2011):
Well more and more people are now calling for Anthony Weiner to resign, but it's not all bad news: Eliot Spitzer says if Weiner does resign, he can join him on his show and they'll call it Weiner Spitzer.
Rush Limbaugh
Rush's "joke" (July 1, 2010):
"Undocumented Democrats, 'cause that's really what they are. They're undocumented Democrats. They're future Democrat voters, that's why the move is being made, largest voter-registration drive in history…"
Jay's joke (April 2, 2013):
In a groundbreaking move, the Associated Press, the largest news-gathering outlet in the world, will no longer use the term "illegal immigrant." That is out. No longer "illegal immigrant." They'll now use the phrase "undocumented Democrat."
Jimmie Walker
This one is is more alleged then the rest of them, since Leno's thievery is vaguely sourced. Per Walker's 2012 memoir, Dynomite!: Good Times, Bad Times, Our Times, in what must have been the early '90s, Walker proposed a Jeffrey Dahmer joke to Leno's comedy coordinator Jimmy Brogan, who told him not to tell it during his set on the Tonight Show because, "Jay doesn't like Jeffrey Dahmer jokes." During his appearance, Walker told it anyway. Here's how it played out:
The spot came for the Dahmer joke and I did it: "All this talk about capital punishment, about whether the electric chair is humane, about lethal injections being humane. I have an idea that'll make everybody happy: If you want to get rid of a murderer, you rub barbecue sauce on him and put him in a cell with Jeffrey Dahmer." Excuse the expression, but the joke killed. I looked out the corner of my eye at Leno at his desk. He was not laughing. He was not happy. I finished my shot and walked to the couch. Leno did not shake my hand. He said, "Jimmie Walker. We'll be right back." During the commercial break he told me, "You had to do the Dahmer joke." "Didn't it kill?" "That's not the point." When we came back on the air, we did a couple more jokes and then we finished. Jay was still not over it, saying, "The point is I asked you not to do the line and you did the line." My point was the funny mattered. Even Branford Marsalis, then the bandleader, came to my dressing room and said my shot was the funniest he had heard on the show to date. Here's the kicker: A couple weeks later Leno was quoted in a national magazine with a joke about Dahmer. It was my joke! I was shocked. When I called him to talk about it, his staff referred me to Brogan. I have not been on the Tonight Show since.
Writer/musicians Brian Kamerer and Travis Irvine
Kamerer and Irvine's joke (2007):
A jokey jingle for Travis Irvine's campaign for mayor of Bexley, Ohio:
Jay's joke (2009):
The same damn thing. Kamerer wrote about the incident on SplitSider in 2012: Leno played this video in a segment about goofy campaign commercials, without credit or permission. Kamerer and Irvine's video was then blocked on YouTube due to a copyright claim from NBC. Kamerer had to settle for making his own work available through Funny or Die, though it's since been reuploaded to YouTube.
nice... it will be 9 months sober for me in dec... from alcohol
--------------------
I'm like a wild animal in the corner
Waiting for the break of dawn
Trying to get through the night
Just a man with the will to survive
Post Extras:
poison is poison brother
--------------------
Men look at themselves and they see flawed humans, we look at women and we see perfect
GODDESSES
Women look at themselves and they seem utterly human, when looking at men they see proud
GODS .
~Casil
Post Extras:
room/studio:
--------------------
"It is no measure of health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society." - Jiddu Krishnamurti
Post Extras:
Quote:
Dunno said:
nice... it will be 9 months sober for me in dec... from alcohol
Quote:
Todcasil said:
poison is poison brother
--------------------
I'm like a wild animal in the corner
Waiting for the break of dawn
Trying to get through the night
Just a man with the will to survive
Post Extras:
--------------------
I need Jesus.
Post Extras:
read this thread as:
Post a pic of your boredom!
which is synonymous with
"Post a pic of your bedroom!"
now what is the count of how many other people said this.
--------------------
You are at once
both
the quiet
and
the confusion
of my heart.
-Franz Kafka
Post Extras:
just thought I'd update my bedroom pics currently as well, since someone has brought up this thread again.
As of November of 2010, the king sized bed as a curtain removed, I now use an airbed:
I got 2 Displays, one is 420p and the other 1200p:
I'm a hardcore gamer:D you can see my ps3, the wii, ps2 on this pic but my 360 is on my previous picture on the left side of the table, and my psp is under my bed and my DS is under my laptop which you can see on the third pic from the last:
Dirty clothes and other shit laying on the floor, also the pressure cooker which I bought it for sterilizing the mycelium jars, but I also cook with it:
A lot of wires and cables, gives me headache:
My pee bottle, it's a deer park water brand, it sits on top of the mini oven and the mini oven sits on top of the microwave, as you can see the old picture about 9 months ago, I moved the microwave farther away from my bed because I heard people saying some kind of radiation could give you cancer:
Those plastic bags between the laptop and the pee bottle, it's what I used to jack off with and when I'm done I wrap it so the cum don't drip and then I left it there, when there are enough, I toss them away:
I'm still a virgin and I never got laid before so I need something to fullfil my sexual needs, these are fleshlights, a pussy, a mouth and a butthole, also near it is the Arizer Extreme Q 4.0 vaporizer which I only used it for aromatherapy:
I'm probably going to clean it and post back my neat bedroom pics.
Post Extras:
Quote:
m still a virgin and I never got laid before so I need something to fullfil my sexual needs, these are fleshlights, a pussy, a mouth and a butthole,
Fucking hell dude, edit that stuff quick smart, nothing good will come of it.
That's very very very sad
Clean your room, exercise daily, develop some social skills and fuck fat chicks at the very least.
That's really depressing.
Post Extras:
Quote:
Chubba said:
Quote:
Clean your room, exercise daily, develop some social skills and fuck fat chicks at the very least.
That's really depressing.
Post Extras:
Unless he's grotesque he shouldn't need a collection of fleshlights, there's literally millions of desperate fat chicks that would shag him senseless.
Next step along is getting a real doll and being one of those weirdos on BBC documentaries
Post Extras:
Quote:
Chubba said:
Unless he's grotesque he shouldn't need a collection of fleshlights, there's literally millions of desperate fat chicks that would shag him senseless.
Next step along is getting a real doll and being one of those weirdos on BBC documentaries
I've heard of those dolls before and thinking about getting one, and they cost about $7000, I can afford it but still, I want a real girlfriend
Post Extras:
I don't know how attractive you are but why not just sign up to online dating and message really fat girls? You could get a handful of dates within a week.
There's a time and a place for standards... when you're an adult virgin and you're fucking fleshlights, just put your standards aside for the time being.
From experience, a fat ugly chick's pussy and a beautiful chicks pussy feel exactly the same
Post Extras:
man i know there usually isnt enouf time during the day to do all the stuff u want to do but couldn't emptyin ur pee bucket be at least one of the thangs on the list of doin' thangs u wanna get to doin' right away??
--------------------
REMINDER: don't forget to drink the water
Post Extras:
It's hard for me no matter what, growing up in a malfunctional family, meaning my parents got divorced when I was a toddler and grew up in hong kong until I was 10 then moved to a foreign place(USA) and I was bullied in school, mainly discrimination, and etc, and then right now I work like 12 hr a day, 6 days a week and I have this insomnia thing which I can't fall asleep easily, and being an Asian I feel extremely insecure as I feel white girls will look down on me and every time I see beautiful girls my heart will beat super fast and my ears and face would turn red and my voice would change if I speak, that's like some anxiety around women, so I guess all my life I would never get laid.
Post Extras:
You just have to realise there are girls in the exact same situation with the exact same attitude.
If you're not disfigured or something extremely gross, you can find a girl no problem, provided your standards are realistic.
Don't have a self defeating attitude.
...but yeah, you need to clean your room, even the worst chick won't be impressed by that
Post Extras:
WTF am I reading?
Post Extras:
Quote:
Chubba said:
Quote:
m still a virgin and I never got laid before so I need something to fullfil my sexual needs, these are fleshlights, a pussy, a mouth and a butthole,
Fucking hell dude, edit that stuff quick smart, nothing good will come of it.
That's very very very sad
Clean your room, exercise daily, develop some social skills and fuck fat chicks at the very least.
That's really depressing.
Seriously, wtf dude?
Quote:
candidguy said:
It's hard for me no matter what, growing up in a malfunctional family, meaning my parents got divorced when I was a toddler and grew up in hong kong until I was 10 then moved to a foreign place(USA) and I was bullied in school, mainly discrimination, and etc, and then right now I work like 12 hr a day, 6 days a week and I have this insomnia thing which I can't fall asleep easily, and being an Asian I feel extremely insecure as I feel white girls will look down on me and every time I see beautiful girls my heart will beat super fast and my ears and face would turn red and my voice would change if I speak, that's like some anxiety around women, so I guess all my life I would never get laid.
Trust me, if you had a clean room, you could still get laid, even with all your issues. But not even an 800 pound woman would fuck someone in that room. That's absolutely revolting.
You have insomnia, right? So what do you do with all those extra hours you don't sleep? You don't 10 seconds to empty a gallon of piss? That's some pathologically sick shit. You need to see a doctor, and get on some crazy pills.
Like seriously, that's repulsive. What in the hell would posses you to show other people that shit?
Post Extras:
I'm really intrigued, do you have a picture of yourself candidguy?
Post Extras:
He's posted in Pics of Pubbers. He's not attractive, but he's not hideous either. Perfectly average imo.
Certainly not bad enough to be a virgin at his age.
Post Extras:
The country's top military commander has ordered an internal review of programs and policies to combat sexual violence following a published report that says assaults in the Canadian Forces have reached epidemic levels.
Gen. Tom Lawson, Canada's chief of defence staff, describes the allegations in the latest edition of Maclean's magazine as "disturbing."
Lawson says sexual misconduct is not tolerated within the military, a message he intends to reinforce throughout the chain of command.
The magazine, which hit newsstands today, contains a series of interviews with alleged victims, and uses access-to-information records to track military police investigations over a decade.
Lawson did not acknowledge specific cases, but says the military will pursue all allegations of sexual misconduct while protecting complainants from reprisals.
In a statement from Mexico City, where he's meeting with his U.S. and Mexican counterparts, Defence Minister Rob Nicholson says he's ordered Lawson to get to the bottom of the matter.
The issue has the potential to tarnish the credentials of the Conservative government and Nicholson, a former justice minister. Both have long championed tough-on-crime legislation and the rights of victims of crime.
Nicholson says he was "deeply angered" to read of the allegations.
Recent high-profile cases
The Maclean's article comes just weeks after a pair of high-profile cases made headlines across Canada.
The former commanding officer of the army's main training base in western Canada was found guilty of sexual assault in early April.
A military judge found that Maj. David Yurczyszyn, who was once in charge of CFB Wainwright in Alberta, groped a woman's breast at a reception following Remembrance Day services in 2012.
At the beginning of his court martial, Yurczyszyn pleaded guilty to a charge of drunkenness under the National Defence Act, but he denied intentionally grabbing the woman.
Cpl. Derrick Gallagher, 31, was taken into custody on March 31, and has been charged with 26 counts of sexual assault. (OPP) Police in eastern Ontario also recently issued a public appeal for victims to come forward following the arrest of a soldier at Garrison Petawawa, Ont.
Cpl. Derrick Gallagher, 31, was taken into custody on March 31, and initially charged with eight counts of sexual assault and two counts of voyeurism contrary to the Criminal Code.
Police later added 18 additional charges.
Investigators said they know of 18 alleged victims and are still trying to identify as many as 50 women who may have been victimized without their knowledge.
1 Prepare the squash for steaming: Lay the squash on its side on a cutting board — you can hold onto it with a kitchen towel for extra stability. Slice off the stem, then cut the squash in half through the middle, where the thinner neck meets the larger bottom. Cut each section in half again, then scoop out the seeds.
2 Pressure-steam the squash: Place a wire metal trivet in your electric pressure cooker (6-quart or larger) and pour in 1 1/2 cups of water. Arrange the pieces of squash on top of the trivet in a single layer. It's fine if they overlap a bit.
Secure the lid on your pressure cooker, and make sure the pressure release valve is set to its sealing position. Select the “Steam” or “Manual” setting, and set the cooking time to 7 minutes at high pressure. (If you're using a stovetop pressure cooker, steam the squash at high pressure for 6 minutes.)
The pot will take about 10 minutes to come up to pressure, and then the cooking program will begin.
When it's finished cooking, move the pressure release valve to its venting position. When the pressure has fully released, open the pot and use a pair of tongs to transfer the squash to a cutting board to cool.
3 Sauté the other ingredients and add the broth: Remove the inner pot from the pressure cooker housing, remove the trivet, and pour out the water. Return the inner pot to your pressure cooker.
Reset the cooking program on your pressure cooker, and select the highest “Sauté” setting. Melt the butter in the pot.
When the butter is melted and bubbling, add the onion, celery, carrot, and apple. Sauté until the onions are translucent, about five minutes.
Pour in the broth and let it come to a simmer.
4 Scoop the squash from the skin and add it back to the pot: While you're waiting for the broth to come up to a simmer, use a big spoon to scoop the squash from the outer skin. Add the squash to the pot (it's ok if the broth isn't simmering quite yet).
5 Simmers the soup: Let the soup simmer until the apples and other vegetables are soft, 5 to 7 minutes or so.
6 Purees the soup, season, and serve: Use an immersion blender or a traditional blender to process the soup until it is smooth. (If using a traditional blender, puree in batches with the top slightly loosened. Use a dishtowel to hold down the lid while blending.)
Stir in the spices and taste, adding more salt if needed. Ladle the soup into bowls and serve it with a dollop of yogurt and chives sprinkled on top.
This soup will keep for about a week in the fridge, or frozen for up to 3 months.
The Fortress Investment Group reported a paper loss of $3.7 million from investments in Bitcoin, the first large public company to disclose a stake in the volatile virtual currency.
Fortress said it bought $20 million worth of Bitcoin in 2013, according to a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Thursday.
As of Dec. 31, that stake was worth less than $17 million.
Related Links Mt. Gox Files for Bankruptcy
Executives at Fortress have expressed interest in Bitcoin for months, but it has been unclear just how the company might be involved with it.
Ripple Labs, a budding online Bitcoin payment system, had disclosed an investment from Pantera Capital, which includes money from executives at Fortress.
The Fortress filing on Thursday did not detail the exact nature of its virtual currency investment, and a spokesman for Fortress declined to comment.
Bitcoin, which exists only as computer code, has thus far circumvented the traditional financial system. That has posed a challenge for regulators, which now face increased pressure in the wake of the collapse of Mt. Gox, one of the earliest and at one point the largest Bitcoin exchanges.
Fortress's investment in Bitcoin represents a tiny fraction, less than 1 percent, of a balance sheet valued at $2.6 billion at the end of 2013. But its stake could encourage interest in an industry that has not yet gained a foothold with Wall Street or the general economy.
“This makes it more legitimate for the hedge funds to buy, and easier, and provide the path for any other public company to report it,” said Gil Luria, a managing director at Wedbush Securities. “Now, there's a blueprint for how to go through reporting ownership of Bitcoin in a public S.E.C. filing.”
Banks have largely shied away from Bitcoin because of its volatility and lack of regulation. That has fueled Bitcoin's instability, and the price has fluctuated wildly since the currency was introduced in 2009.
But venture capital firms and other established entrepreneurs have begun to back new Bitcoin companies with more sophisticated infrastructure and technology. That's fueled some hopes that Bitcoin could gain more of a foothold in the mainstream.
“I think the question now is whether they're going to market this as a product to their investors,” Mr. Luria said of Fortress's investment. “I think that would be the next step I would expect from them.”
Jacee Dellapena really wanted to be there when her brother was born, but she didn't quite expect she'd be this close.
The 12-year-old Mississippi resident was worried she would be too short to see the baby's birth on Tuesday.
Birth stories on Globalnews.ca:
But her mother's doctor had an idea: why not let Jacee deliver the baby herself?
“I was like, what? No,” Dede Carraway, Dellapena's mom, told Mississippi News Now.
But eventually she approved the idea. So Jacee, with the help of the doctor, put on scrubs and was the first member of her family to hold the baby when he entered the world.
“I actually delivered him, he let me push down and pull the baby out,” Dellapena said.
Cayson Carraway was born at seven pounds, six ounces. Jacee's emotion at delivering her brother was on full display in a series of photos that were shared on Facebook over 180,000 times as of Friday night.
Dede experienced a painful birth, as the epidural didn't work.
But it was all worth it when she saw Dellapena deliver the boy.
“Seeing the emotions on her face, it made me cry,” she said.
After the Paris attacks Australians are nervous that we will be next. Their fears are justified. With news media often reminding us that Australia is second only to the United States in its military commitment to the operations against Islamic State in Syria and Iraq, the militants surely have a big bulls-eye drawn over Australia on their maps of planned strikes.
After all, IS identified France's and Russia's roles in the Syrian conflict as the reason for the Paris outrages and the downing of the Russian airliner departing Sharm el-Sheikh that killed 224 people. Only water and distance – and perhaps superior intelligence services – have so far protected this country from horrors on a similar scale.
We should, however, never lose sight of the fact that our political leaders must carry much of the responsibility for the dangers Australians are now exposed to. The collapse of order after the toppling of Saddam Hussein in Iraq was the most powerful catalyst for the formation of Daesh or IS.
The dismantling of the Iraqi army without regard for the consequences, and the exclusion of Sunnis from political authority, drove many experienced officers into the extremist camp, and it is they who now direct the insurgency in Syria and oversee the terrorist attacks in the West.
The Howard Government played a direct role in the Iraq calamity with its enthusiastic participation in President Bush's invasion in 2003, a war that was little more than the action of a wounded beast driven to rage by the 9/11 attacks.
At the time any armchair critic could see that the “intelligence” on Iraq's possession of weapons of mass destruction and the regime's links to al-Qaeda was flimsy at best, put together under extreme pressure to justify the Bush-Cheney conviction that Saddam must be to blame. (George W. Bush believed literally that he was on “a mission from God”.)
When US Secretary of State Colin Powell appeared before the United Nations Security Council in February 2003 to present the evidence of Saddam's threat it was obvious that he himself had serious doubts about the truth of what he was saying. We expected better of him and he subsequently made a pathetic apology.
Australians are less prone than Americans to surges of patriotic overkill. Some six hundred thousand marched against the Howard Government's plan to join the US war of revenge, an enormous number by any standard of modern protest. Former intelligence analyst and now federal MP Andrew Wilkie warned at the time there would be a terrorist backlash.
Yet our political leaders are so dazzled by the power of our American friend that they are willing to put their own citizens in danger.
Oceans and distance cannot protect us from radicalized Islamists already settled here. Encryption programs allow would-be terrorists to communicate with each other with little risk of detection, and serious weaponry is available to those in the know.
ASIO chief Duncan Lewis and the other heads of police and military intelligence know full well that Australian citizens are at much greater risk from terrorist attacks because of our involvement in the war in Syria and Iraq, but they are forbidden from saying so.
They remember what happened to AFP Commissioner Mick Keelty in 2004 when he spoke the truth and was forced into a humiliating retraction that nevertheless damaged his career permanently.
Yet we all know the truth. If the terrorists strike we must of course hunt them down and deal with them as harshly as the law permits; but let us not forget why Australia is so high on their list of targets.
Berlin, Germany-based classic rock overlords KADAVAR have completed work on their third album, "Berlin". The CD was recorded over the last four months and will be released on August 21 via Nuclear Blast.
Commented KADAVAR drummer Tiger: "About ten years ago, when we — independently of one another — moved to Berlin, we just wanted to break free from home and do something new. I thought it was comfortable, to blend in and just live from day to day. A lot of very long nights and so many completely different people at one place. Where there are opposites you can always ground yourself.
"We're all different, come from different places but have managed to create something together we all like.
"I think the Berlin lifestyle has influenced our band very much and therefore fits perfectly as the album's title."
Hours before the Texas Senate is scheduled to vote out a controversial state-based immigration bill, the state's attorney general tried to ease concerns Tuesday over whether the measure could be successfully challenged in courts.
The upper chamber is expected to debate Senate Bill 4, commonly known as the anti-"sanctuary cities" bill, which would punish local government entities and college campuses that refuse to cooperate with federal immigration officials or enforce immigration laws.
Read More Texas Senate gives preliminary approval to anti-"sanctuary" legislation
If passed, the bill from state Sen. Charles Perry would allow local police to enforce immigration laws if the officer is working with a federal immigration officer or under an agreement between the local and federal agency. It would also punish local governments if their law enforcement agencies fail to honor requests, known as detainers, from federal Immigration and Customs Enforcement officers to hand over immigrants in custody for possible deportation. The punishment would be a denial of state grant funds.
During a 16-hour hearing last week, the Senate State Affairs committee heard testimony from some immigration and constitutional law attorneys who said the measure as written was fraught with legal questions and would likely be challenged in court. Several questions were raised over the impact of a current federal case in Illinois – Moreno vs. Napolitano – in which a judge ruled that detainers without a warrant are not constitutional. The case is still pending in that jurisdiction, but an attorney for the plaintiffs said they expect a final order upholding the ruling soon.
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.
In an unusual move Tuesday, Attorney General Ken Paxton wrote state Sen. Joan Huffman, a Houston Republican and chair of the State Affairs Committee that voted out the bill, assuring her the bill is on solid legal standing. The letter was also sent to Perry and Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick.
“Our review of the law concludes CSSB 4 is constitutional, there are viable methods for covered entities to avoid liability regarding invalid detainers, and the remainder of the legal concerns are unfounded,” Paxton wrote.
In his letter, Paxton brought up the Moreno case, arguing that it is not valid in Texas and that the ruling will likely be reversed on appeal. Paxton also said that SB 4 would not violate an “anti-commandeering” statute in the 10th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution because ICE detainers are requests and not orders.
But opponents of SB 4 could likely use that assertion from the state's top lawyer in their effort to block the bill from becoming law, arguing that if detainers are simply requests, then a county sheriff that refused to honor them could say they aren't running afoul of state law, as SB 4 would suggest.
Paxton also weighed in on a case out of El Paso in which the county was sued after deputies under a former sheriff boarded buses to check the immigration status of their passengers. The deputy sheriffs stopped the practice after both sides agreed to a settlement. Paxton said in his letter that if SB 4 were passed, county deputies in El Paso could still enforce state law because the agreement in the lawsuit was a settlement and not a court order. He also said that deputies are still free to cooperate with federal officers while not being required to enforce immigration laws.
In his letter, Paxton also addressed whether counties could be held liable for holding an inmate if a detainer was issued by mistake. Paxton said counties could avoid liability by acting in good faith and working with the inmate to verify his or her legal status, and subsequently releasing that inmate.
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.
The Senate is likely to vote on several amendments during Tuesday's floor debate, but the ultimate passage of SB 4 out of the Republican-dominated chamber is all but guaranteed. Both Patrick and Gov. Greg Abbott have called the measure a priority.
On March 10, Americans will set their clocks forward an hour in the biannual ritual known as Daylight Saving Time (DST). But the hour of reckoning could be close at hand for DST, if some online petitioners get their way, that is.
Daylight Saving Time was standardized in the U.S. by the 1966 Uniform Time Act, according to National Geographic. That act has since been amended several times, most recently by the Energy Policy Act of 2005, which extended DST by one month.
The "We the People" petition claims that, while some industries still support DST, studies have shown the change is a health risk, leads to a loss in productivity and is "really annoying."
The petition is still many signatures from its goal, however, and may very well join the list of failed petitions, a list that includes a recent request to change the U.S. national anthem to R. Kelly's "Ignition (Remix)."
Evander Kane is not simply having shoulder surgery to force the Winnipeg Jets to move him.
So says Craig Oster of Newport Sports, who represents the Jets' winger and says Kane's left shoulder injury dates back to last season and has gotten progressively worse.
“This is simply a medical issue. Nothing more, nothing less. This is a player that needs to have surgery done and is doing it ,” Oster said in a telephone interview. “What people (are saying) and the speculation that I've seen, that it (surgery) has some extra meaning to it is ridiculous. A doctor is not doing surgery unless it's required.”
So Kane hasn't asked to be traded?
“That question has been asked a hundred different times. At the end of it, the answer always is, (Kane) is a Jet,” said Oster. “Until his contract runs out or until he's traded, he's a Winnipeg Jet. He's played a lot of games for the Jets. He's played hard, he's played through injury, he's played well and none of that is going to change.”
Jets head coach Paul Maurice announced on Friday morning that the normal recovery time for a shoulder injury like this one is four-to-six months.
“Knowing Evander, he will likely be back sooner than he should be or than most people would be,” said Oster, noting that Kane's shoulder popped out twice during last week's game against the Philadelphia Flyers, but he continued to play through the pain. “Evander's shoulder injury goes back to last season and it was evaluated in the summertime and they saw that there was damage to it, yet the decision was made – in consultation with the doctors – to try and rehab and see if he could play through it.
“Through the course of this season, the shoulder has got progressively worse and particularly, since December, there's been a number of episodes of it subluxing or coming out of the socket. Probably most recently, in the Philadelphia game last week, it came out twice during the course of the game. As well, he's had a number of different ailments that he's just played through, a couple of different fractures during the course of the year. We're at the point now, that after further consultation with Dr. MacDonald, that surgery is required.”
Oster said that Dr. Peter MacDonald, the Jets' team physician, would be the one handling the surgery and that it's expected to take place on Saturday.
Kane has come back early from injury on two different injuries this season, so why not continue to play through the pain?
“The damage has worsened,” said Oster. “The imaging they did show progression in the tear that he has and with that progression, comes greater risk of more damage and greater risk of it not being repaired properly, if there is greater damage. Together, with the doctors, they felt that surgery is required.”
Oster would neither confirm nor deny the stories about what happened in Vancouver this week that led to Kane being scratched as a coach's decision.
“All that's happened has been speculated. I don't know the facts. So, I have nothing to add,” said Oster. “I really don't know what, if anything, happened.”
Kane, who has 10 goals and 22 points in 37 games this season while averaging just under 20 minutes of ice time per game, is in the third year of a six-year contract worth $31.5 million but does not include a no-movement clause.
Seattle Police say they have closed E Madison and side streets west of 12th Ave as they respond to a reported suspicious item found in the area. We have no details on what has been reported at this time but the major artery could be closed between 12th and Seneca for some time. UPDATE: The item has been inspected by a member of the SPD Arson and Bomb Squad and cleared from a Metro bus shelter at 11th and Madison. No word on who reported it — from a distance, the item appeared to be a rolling suitcase.
Police have responded to at least six similar reports around Seattle in the days following the attack on the Boston Marathon. Each has turned out to be harmless.
Police have closed off an area about two blocks long north of the Seattle University campus. The area contains a construction site, a copy shop, the northern edge of the campus and the city streets.
Metro buses are rerouted around the closure.
47.612953 -122.31706
There's a new four-letter word in the industry that has some players denouncing developers and publishers and avoiding games like they've been afflicted with some kind of leprous plague. Like other maligned buzzwords before it, if you're dismissing a game out of hand because of a single term, you're only hurting yourself.
Let me tell you about a new game. It's a team-based cooperative and competitive first-person shooter – you like those, right? It comes from a developer that has innovated in the genre before, and the game has a ton of playable characters, each with their own unique weapons, abilities, and different play styles. The game features an added layer of A.I.-controlled bots that goes beyond what Titanfall did and affects the overall flow of the game's tug-of-war matches. It's also got a rapid leveling system that resets after each match, so everyone starts on the same playing field and can experiment with different builds instead of being locked into a lengthy progression path. Sounds like a game that's got some interesting ideas, right?
Now say the word "MOBA," and watch how quickly the disposition of your fellow gamers turns from interest to disgust. You don't even have to say that the game is a MOBA, but merely incorporates some MOBA elements into the first-person shooter genre, and suddenly – magically – the game is just another mindless cash-grab clone of other games. Another League of Legends wannabe.
That's how some gamers reacted to our reveal of Battleborn, and I wish I could say it's the first time a new IP on our cover has been met with unfounded cynicism, but Evolve was similarly dismissed by a vocal group of complainers for its smaller-than-average player count – before going on to win numerous Best Of Show awards and enrapturing fans all week at last month's E3. Running the gauntlet of hypercritical gamers has become the price developers pay for trying something new, but even so I've been surprised by the pessimism Battleborn has faced because of a single word, in part because what we played feels so different from what people assume the game to be.
I get the skepticism when it comes to MOBAs; like many gamers, the term floods my mind with thoughts of insular and hostile communities, single-map games, and clicking on enemies ad nauseum. What I don't understand is the aversion to any elements found in MOBAs that might make another genre more interesting. What is it that's so frightening? The wide range of gameplay variety that a large cast of playable characters offers? The "games-as-a-service" model that has developers continually tweaking, adding to, and improving their game based on community feedback? God forbid if some day a developer decides to make a triple-A quality, free-to-play shooter that doesn't exploit its player base...
But the potential of those elements doesn't matter to the vocal subset of the gaming community that has more fun complaining about games than actually playing them, and "MOBA" is just the latest buzzword to make their hair bristle. Before "MOBA" it was "free-to-play;" before "free-to-play," it was "mobile," and "social," and the dreaded "casual." Each of those trends has produced more than its share of bile, to be sure, but that doesn't mean you should revel in the subsequent toxicity or ignore the developers and games that do good things with those ideas.
There's nothing wrong with knowing what you like and what you don't, and for many gamers (myself included), MOBAs may fall into the latter category. However, that's not an excuse to couch your aversions in unwarranted criticism. It's an unnecessary shifting of responsibility from your own personal taste to blaming someone else for your indifference; I know I don't like fighting games, but I don't think any less of gamers who do, and I don't blame NetherRealm for making another Mortal Kombat for fans of the series. More importantly, if a developer were to incorporate an element of fighting games into a genre I do like, I'd be interested in hearing more about it before I jump to any conclusions or start sharpening my knives. I learned a long time ago that in order to discover a new favorite game, you must first be willing to play it.
Utrecht city council has installed two special sets of traffic lights for pedestrians featuring gay couples.
The traffic lights show two women and two men holding hands and were put up to show the city's acceptance of different forms of sexuality. A third set of traffic lights shows a man and a woman crossing the road.
Council alderman Kees Geldorf told broadcaster Nos he did not expect the traffic lights to change people's image of people who are gay, bisexual or transgender.
‘They show Utrecht is a many-sided city,' he said. ‘ And they do give cause for reflection while you are waiting for the lights to change.'
According to Metro, the traffic lights cost €1,200 each.
Utrecht was also the first city in the Netherlands to have a rainbow zebra crossing.
The funny thing about contract negotiations is that they're often contentious … until they're not. At least, that's what often happens when teams and players do a good job of keeping whatever's personal private and play it safe with “all-business” public comments. Things get a little dicier when some of that venom spews into newspaper stories and blog posts.
At this point, the Columbus Blue Jackets seem like they're struggling to contain their frustrations regarding negotiations with rising star forward Ryan Johansen. One can almost imagine steam coming out of GM Jarmo Kekalainen's ears when reading his comments to the Columbus Dispatch:
“Maybe it's because I'm European, I don't know, but I want everybody there to start getting together and working together, and I want it to be about the team,” Kekalainen said on Sunday. “That's how we were successful last year and the year before – it was about the team, not about one guy.”
When pressed after implying that he'd close off negotiations with Johansen's agent Kurt Overhardt once training camp started, Kekalainen's response was curt and maybe even worrisome:
“Draw your own conclusions.”
Before Blue Jackets fans get too concerned about seeing the 21-year-old sit out a big chunk of time if a deal isn't reached, it appears that Kekalainen might let cooler heads prevail:
Told #CBJ asst. GM Bill Zito and Ryan Johansen's agent, Kurt Overhardt, met yesterday in Traverse City. No progress; still $3M apart / year — Aaron Portzline (@Aportzline) September 13, 2014
Interesting to note that #CBJ GM Jarmo Kekalainen won't be "at the table" in these talks until a deal is close. It's Zito v. Overhardt. — Aaron Portzline (@Aportzline) September 13, 2014
One cannot help but note that Kekalainen is still new to the GM gig, as he was hired back in February 2013. As shrewd as he's been so far, is it possible he's allowing his emotions to get the best of him here? Sportsnet's Elliotte Friedman notes that threatening to sit out games is one of the few bargaining chips high-profile RFA's really hold.
It is believed that Columbus is willing to go a touch over $4 million at the highest, while the player ask is $6 million-ish, down from where things started. It sounds like the Blue Jackets talked to the Coyotes about what they went through with Kyle Turris, another Kurt Overhardt client. The agent took a tough line with Arizona, as he did with Vancouver while the Canucks tried to trade Ryan Kesler. Johansen's strongest leverage is missing games. Is he willing to do that? It would be an unpopular stance, not always an easy thing for a young player.
The sticking point, again, is track record versus perceived potential.
“We've shown it many times, that our ownership is committed,” Kekalainen said. “Look at Brandon Dubinsky. We paid him (this summer). Look at Nathan Horton in free agency (two summers ago). They are willing to make the commitment when it's earned. We have no problem paying the dollars when it's earned, but the key word there is ‘earned.' While we believe in his future, we want to see him do it a little bit longer than just one year.”
It's easy to see where each side is coming from, but it doesn't sound like the word “compromise” is on the tip of any tongues. Perhaps that will change before things get even messier in the form of missed regular season games and/or hurt feelings?
Follow James O'Brien @cyclelikesedins
A bill passed by the Michigan State Senate would endanger the health of Michiganders by granting sweeping new powers to practitioners of unscientific bogus medicine and treatments, said the Center for Inquiry.
From the Edge of Postcards: The Wem Ghost Photo
Following a fire in a small English town, a mysterious photo of the blaze-seemingly depicting a girl ghost-circulated around the world.
On November 19, 1995, the town hall of the English market town of Wem burned, leaving only a charred brick shell. Among the locals watching the building burn was Tony O'Rahilly, who brought his camera and took several photos of the blaze. A few months later, in March 1996, O'Rahilly developed the photos of the fire in a little film studio he'd constructed in a shed in the garden behind his home. The series of pictures showed dramatic images of fire, light, and darkness. But one showed something even more astonishing-a ghostly girl standing amid the flames (Topham, n.d.).
O'Rahilly sent the photos to the Association for the Scientific Study of Anomalous Phenomena (ASSAP) for analysis. The ASSAP, which specializes in paranormal investigations, assisted O'Rahilly by having Vernon Harrison, former head of the Royal Photographic Society, examine the photos. Harrison concluded, “The negative is a straight- forward piece of black-and-white work and shows no sign of having been tampered with” (Laursen 2007).
The ASSAP's conclusion was that the photo (see figure 1) showed a simulacrum (a random, ambiguous image interpreted as meaningful) caused by falling debris filmed during the fire. It did not appear to be a hoax. However, this conclusion was called into question by the British Broadcasting Company (BBC), which investigated the case for its television show Out of this World, hosted by current Independent Television (ITV) presenter Chris Choi.
Fig. 1
In the BBC show, Choi interviewed O'Rahilly in his garden and also toured the burned-out remnants of the town hall. The conventional story of the ghostly photo was also told. But when the BBC took the photo to the National Museum of Photography, Film, and Television (now known as the National Media Museum), viewers learned a different story. Both of the photography experts there, Paul Thompson and Will Stapp, agreed that the photo showed signs of manipulation and double exposure. Thompson in particular noted that he saw horizontal scan lines, as though the image consisted of a photo of a face on a video screen pasted into the picture of the fire. With that damning revelation, Choi returned to confront O'Rahilly, who responded, “No way ... It's none of my doing.”
I first became interested in investigating this case in September 2009. At that time, the allegations of the Out of this World show were not widely available on the Internet. As is usual in the echo chamber of ghost literature, the ghost stories rang loud and clear while the facts lay quietly subdued out in the back shed. I came across the BBC piece online and found it very interesting. A check of the ASSAP's website showed that they still felt the case was one of pareidolia instead of hoaxing. I found that intriguing and asked them why; they replied that the photo they'd provided to the BBC during the television investigation had been a duplicate, and in their opinion the “scan lines” observed by Paul Thompson had been the result of duplication, not hoaxing.
Trying to find a more pristine copy of the photograph to examine, I reached out to Janet Bord at the Fortean Picture Library. She was able to provide me with a high-resolution photo as well as a shot of the negative strip from which it was produced. As the ASSAP had said, the original did not have any scan lines. It showed a ghostly girl in the fire, but there was no evidence of digital scan lines.
I tried to contact Paul Thompson and Will Stapp. Both are still involved in photography but are no longer working with the National Media Museum. Neither Thompson nor Stapp responded to my inquires, and other photography experts I approached were unwilling to opine on the matter.
To be clear, I didn't think the photo showed a ghost-but I was deeply curious to know whether O'Rahilly had photographed a piece of debris with an uncanny resemblance to a girl or had deliberately faked the photograph. I would have liked to have asked him, but he passed away in 2005.
And then the answer arrived in the morning mail. On Monday, May 17, 2010, the Shropshire Star, the local paper serving Wem, ran a story titled, “Does Postcard Solve Ghost Riddle?” The Star had run a photo a few weeks earlier showing a postcard from 1922 of a street in Wem (see figure 2). An alert reader named Brian Lear, a seventy-seven-year-old grandfather, noticed that the girl pictured in the postcard (see figure 3) bore a strong resemblance to the famous ghost girl and alerted the Star. In the May 17 article, the newspaper showed details from O'Rahilly's photo and the postcard and agreed with Lear that the resemblance was “striking” (Neal 2010).
Fig. 2
Fig. 3
Striking may be an understatement. Rarely does such a clear explanation for a ghost photo come to light. Rather than simply show both photos, I have created an animation demonstrating that the two girls are indeed the same photographic image: the one superimposed on the fire photograph by O'Rahilly via a double exposure. On the blog of The Atlanta Skeptics, my animated image of the girl on the postcard dynamically fades in over the ghost photo; the alignments should also be apparent from the still image shown in figure 4. The points of the girl's hat, the eyes, the nose, the neckline, and the beltline align perfectly between the two photos. O'Rahilly used this postcard image to make his ghost photo. Details missing from the ghost photo-but appearing in the postcard-are due to either the photographic process used to make the fake image or to O'Rahilly cropping the postcard prior to shooting his double exposure.
Fig. 4
In the years since the fire, Wem has come to embrace the ghost. The town's history tells of a devastating fire back in 1677, allegedly caused by a girl named Jane Churm. People have reported seeing the ghost of Jane in the intervening years, usually carrying a candle (Karl 2007). It is no surprise that many have claimed that the girl in the photo must be Jane. After all, what's a ghost photo without a backstory? Even the spot where the ghost was “photographed” had been adorned with documentation of the paranormal event. Perhaps Wem's townsfolk should move that bit of documentation over to the late O'Rahilly's shed?
It's a pity that O'Rahilly died before this postcard came to light. He got plenty of media coverage when the photo was released originally, and now with the coverage of the explanation he could have enjoyed a second wave of interest. Indeed, he would have gotten double the exposure. n
References
Karl, Jason. 2007. An Illustrated History of the Haunted World. London: New Holland Publishers, Ltd.
Laursen, Chris. 2007. In the doorway of a burning building. Available online at http://seminars.tor
... ontoghosts.org/blog/index.php/2007/07/11/wei
rd_wednesday_with_chris_laursen_32.
Neal, Toby. 2010. Does postcard solve ghost riddle? Shropshire Star (United Kingdom). Available online at www.shropshirestar.com/news/2010/05/17/does-postcard-solve-ghost-riddle/.
Topham, Ian. n.d. Wem town hall. Available online at www.mysteriousbritain.co.uk/england/shropshire/hauntings/wem-town-hall.html.
A brown substance is killing coral organisms in colonies located 4,600 feet deep about seven miles southwest of the failed BP Macondo oil well, according to scientists who returned Thursday from a three-week cruise studying coral reefs in the northern Gulf of Mexico.
The finding is the first case in which researchers have found evidence that living organisms in the deepwater area near the well site might have been killed by oil from the spill.
Penn State University biology professor Charles Fisher, chief scientist aboard the NOAA ship Ronald H. Brown said soft coral in a 15-meter to 40-meter area was covered by what appeared to be a brown substance.
"Ninety percent of 40 large corals were heavily affected and showed dead and dying parts and discoloration," according to a news release reporting the findings by Fisher and other scientists issued jointly by NOAA and the Bureau of Ocean Energy Managment, Regulation and Enforcement, which co-sponsored the research. "Another site 400 meters away had a colony of stony coral similarly affected and partially covered with a similar brown substance."
"While this mission was not designed to be focused on oil spill research, the timing and location provided an opportunity to observe any impacts to our research areas," Fisher said in the news release. Fisher was unavailable for further comment on Thursday night.
The release said the scientists "observed dead and dying corals with sloughing tissue and discoloration."
The research cruise was the fourth annual trip to a number of coral reef sites in the northern Gulf of Mexico. The ship stoped at several locations in a triangular area along the deep slope of the Gulf about 200 miles off the coasts of Mississippi, Alabama and westernmost Florida before returning to port in Pensacola.
The scientists reported that they observed no changes at most other coral locations this year, and warned that they can't be certain what was affecting the corals at the two problem sites until sediment and coral samples collected by a remote operating vehicle are tested.
The substance also will be tested to determine if it is oil, and if so, whether it is consistent with the oil released from the Deepwater Horizon oil spill, said the release.
The Lophelia II research program, named for a species of deepwater coral found in the Gulf, was originally aimed at gathering information from known reefs that could be used to predict where other coral communities could be found. Scientists also were studying whether shipwrecks and oil rigs acted as artificial reefs, attracting various coral species.
Because of the oil spill, however, the information gathered during the cruise also will be use as part of the federal government's Natural Resource Damage Assessment research program aimed at determining the spill's effects on public resources.
"These observations capture our concern for impacts to marine life in places in the Gulf that are not easily seen," said NOAA administrator Jane Lubchenco. "Continued, ongoing research and monitoring involving academic and government scientists are essential for comprehensive understanding of impacts to the Gulf."
"Today's preliminary observations highlight the need for continued scientific research in the Gulf of Mexico," said BOEMRE director Michael Bromwich.
In addition to NOAA, BOEMRE and Penn State, participants in the cruise included scientists from Louisiana State University, Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution, Temple University, Florida State University, the U.S. Geological Survey, PAST Foundation, T.D.I Brook International and C&C Technologies.
"These observations capture our concern for impacts to marine life in places in the Gulf that are not easily seen," said Jane Lubchenco, Ph.D., under secretary for commerce for oceans and atmosphere and NOAA administrator. "Continued, ongoing research and monitoring involving academic and government scientists are essential for comprehensive understanding of impacts to the Gulf."
"These observations capture our concern for impacts to marine life in places in the Gulf that are not easily seen," said Jane Lubchenco, Ph.D., under secretary for commerce for oceans and atmosphere and NOAA administrator. "Continued, ongoing research and monitoring involving academic and government scientists are essential for comprehensive understanding of impacts to the Gulf."
"These observations capture our concern for impacts to marine life in places in the Gulf that are not easily seen," said Jane Lubchenco, Ph.D., under secretary for commerce for oceans and atmosphere and NOAA administrator. "Continued, ongoing research and monitoring involving academic and government scientists are essential for comprehensive understanding of impacts to the Gulf."
"These observations capture our concern for impacts to marine life in places in the Gulf that are not easily seen," said Jane Lubchenco, Ph.D., under secretary for commerce for oceans and atmosphere and NOAA administrator. "Continued, ongoing research and monitoring involving academic and government scientists are essential for comprehensive understanding of impacts to the Gulf."
"Gotta make it a horse race until the bitter end..." has to be the rallying cry of the corporate media. But the lengths that they'll go to keep that horserace going is so dishonest and so damaging to democracy that I fear we'll forever be teetering on the precipice of losing that democracy.
Yesterday morning, while perusing my news feeds for potential posts, I saw this headline on YahooNews: Endorsements Flood In: Obama gets Powell nod; McCain gets plenty too, which links to this article, unattributed to a specific reporter.
In it, they acknowledge that Obama has received endorsements from prominent Republicans like Colin Powell, Christopher Buckley and Michael Smerconish, but temper it with McCain endorsements from President Bush, Arnold Schwarzenegger and the NRA, as if anyone expected them to endorse anyone other than the GOP candidate.
Then they go to the inane Hollywood endorsements, being sure to mention the Baldwin brothers--describing Democrat Alec as "loud" and Republican Stephen as "outspoken". Given that I fervently hope that no one is swayed one way or the other by an actor's political affiliation, my suspicion is that the inclusion is more to trivialize the notion of endorsements overall, especially considering the power of the Powell defection to Obama's campaign.
But more egregiously, citing the Editor & Publisher article that reports that Obama has received 115 newspaper endorsements to McCain's 38, YahooNews ignores the overwhelming support for Obama and instead lists what they term "key" endorsements--3 for McCain, 2 for Obama. Those key newspapers for McCain? The rabidly partisan Washington Examiner, New York Post and Boston Herald, two of which are part of Murdoch's NewsCorp. Obama's key endorsements are from those silly little papers nobody reads, the LA Times and Washington Post.
Since I can't know if they'll update or change the article, here it is in full below the fold:
The vice presidential candidates are picked. The conventions are done. So are the debates. What's a political watcher to do with the 15 days left before the election?
You can always try to decipher the polls or wait for the October Surprise (if it hasn't already happened yet). Or, you can do what we did this weekend: meander through the avalanche of endorsements that have been handed down from newspapers and other notables during the campaign season.
There have been a few newsworthy endorsements recently as some high-profile Republicans have publicly moved to Democratic territory. Christopher Buckley, William F. Buckley's son, endorsed Obama (and subsequently lost his column at the National Review over it). Colin Powell did the same this weekend. Republican talk show host Michael Smerconish announced he'd be voting for a Democrat for the first time in 28 years. (We should note that even though he's a fixture on the McCain campaign now, Sen. Joe Lieberman jumping parties to endorse McCain was also news at the time.)
But those are just a few voices that received attention for making unexpected choices. There are a lot of other endorsements out there, so here's a round-up of some nods.
First, the political ones. President Bush, Gov. Schwarzenegger and the NRA have endorsed McCain. Hillary Clinton, Caroline Kennedy and the AFL-CIO have endorsed Obama.
Obvious political endorsements can be boring, so thank Hollywood for giving us Heidi Montag, Matt Damon and the Baldwin brothers. Montag of "The Hills" fame endorsed McCain and then he endorsed her right back. Matt Damon said Obama is his guy and (more famously) noted that Sarah Palin's candidacy sounded like a "bad Disney movie."
Then, there's the dueling political posturing of a couple of the brothers Baldwin. While neither may have explicitly endorsed a candidate, you could probably tell by watching "Saturday Night Live" this weekend that Alec is a loud Democrat and little bro Stephen is an outspoken Republican. (Stephen even went so far as to challenge Obama to a boxing duel for charity.)
Baldwins aside, what you might find more useful knows who newspapers endorse. The Chicago Tribune, for example, is backing Barack Obama. It's the first time in the paper's history that they are endorsing a Democrat for the presidency of the United States. A few days after the Trib endorsement, McCain picked up his own big-deal endorsement from a paper in the swing state of Ohio, the Columbus Dispatch.
There's a comprehensive list of newspaper endorsements over at Editor & Publisher, but we've pulled a few of the other key ones below:
Boston Herald – McCain
Los Angeles Times – Obama
New York Post - McCain
Washington DC Examiner – McCain
Washington Post – Obama
While we've known that Total War: Warhammer was planned as a trilogy from the get-go, we've learned (via PCGamesn) that Creative Assembly has begun full development on the second game in the Total War: Warhammer franchise.
This is made possible by Creative Assembly having two teams working on the series, a “main” team that works on the core games, and a team focusing entirely on new content for the current game.
Brand director Rob Bartholomew says work on episode two “has been underway for some time already and is now a key focus for the studio. It's time to travel to new lands and discover new races.”
Now that Total War: Warhammer's Bretonnia downloadable content has been released, Creative Assembly has confirmed that work on the first game has largely come to an end. There will still be free DLC coming to the game in the interim, however you shouldn't expect premium content.
Both the second and final games in the series will be standalone releases with their own campaign maps, each featuring a “quartet” of starting factions like the first game. Bartholomew also confirmed maps will be “as big or bigger” than the ones seen in the first game, and that sequels will naturally get DLC.
Here's the kicker – the upcoming sequels will integrate with the original game, expanding its map and its faction roster. This means if you end up owning all three games, you'll have a ridiculous story campaign spanning three realms of the Warhammer world, as well as all the playable races.
Finally, Bartholomew confirmed to PC Gamer that the previously teased historical entry in the Total War series is also coming along. Bartholomew continues:
“Meanwhile, our historical team are also working on a major triple-A title in an era we've not visited yet. Over 1.2 million people play Total War every month, with the majority playing our previous games. We haven't forgotten that.”
Total War: Warhammer is currently available on PC and Linux (Mac version is still in the works) – you can read our review for the game here (we highly recommend it!).
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption President Obama mixed comedy with some early campaigning
US President Barack Obama has sent up Donald Trump's presidential ambitions, joking that the real-estate mogul would turn the White House into a casino.
During the White House correspondents' annual dinner Mr Obama showed a picture of a White House with girls in bikinis sipping cocktails in a hot tub.
The president also made fun of rumours that he was not born in the US.
Mr Trump, a potential Republican presidential candidate, had recently revived the conspiracy theory.
Mr Obama said that after he released his long-form birth certificate this week in order to settle the issue, Mr Trump could now turn his attention to more serious matters such as, "Did we fake the Moon landing?"
During the dinner comedian Seth Meyers also teased Mr Trump, who sat stony-faced through the barrage.
"Donald Trump often talks about running as a Republican, which is surprising," said Mr Meyers. "I just assumed he was running as a joke."
(Photo: AP/Evan Vucci) Vice president-elect Mike Pence watches as President-elect Donald Trump speaks during an election night rally in New York.
The nation's union movement is suffering from collective whiplash. As the Rust Belt states fell late last Tuesday night, so too did labor's hopes for a Democratic president who had promised to lift up working people. Instead it was forced to confront the reality of an explosive faux-populist taking power in tandem with a pro-business GOP Congress that has been waiting for its chance to dismantle a beleaguered, but recently rising, labor movement. The promising signs of a rejuvenation for workers' interests and rights in recent years have all come under a dark cloud of uncertainty and dread.
For starters, with Trump promising to be a regulatory “reformer,” Republicans and their business lobbyist colleagues hope to roll back every single one of President Obama's labor initiatives that were, slowly but surely, tilting the regulatory system more in favor of worker power. “This is going to be a president who will be the biggest regulatory reformer since Ronald Reagan,” Trump economic advisor Stephen Moore, told The New York Times. “There are just so many regulations that could be eased.”
At the top of the list is the new overtime rule that is set to double the salary threshold (with future increases indexed to inflation) and give millions more workers access to overtime pay in December. The full strength of the rule as it stands now is unlikely to remain intact. Other rulemakings like the fiduciary rule that—despite Wall Street's intense objections—now requires retirement advisors to act in their clients' best interest, and the extension of labor law protections to long-exploited home care workers, are in peril as well.
Obama's executive orders that hike up wages and mandate paid sick leave for federal contract workers and require that their employers disclose past labor law violations can disappear with the stroke of Trump's presidential pen. Obama's National Labor Relations Board has produced a series of groundbreaking decisions like the new joint-employer standard that would drastically increase corporate responsibilities for their contractors and franchisees, as well as rulings that opposed mandatory class-action waivers for workers and finally granted graduate students the right to unionize. The NLRB's rules change that sped up union elections is also on the chopping block. Trump's appointees could erode or revoke these game-changing decisions and return to a pro-business regime that diminishes worker and union power.
The Fight for 15 campaigns, backed by the Service Employees International Union, has called for a $15 minimum wage and a union. And while any sort of federal minimum wage increase is likely out of the question, the campaign's long-term strategy to compel fast-food chains like McDonald's to recognize unions is rooted in a joint-employer case that is currently under review by the NLRB. The outcome of that case could be thrown into flux based on what a Trump NLRB does. In fact, as Steven Greenhouse reports, alt-labor organizing tactics like the Fight for 15, and worker centers like the Coalition for Immokalee Workers and the Restaurant Opportunities Center, which have had tremendous success using innovative methods like one-day walkouts not available to unions, could be targeted by the NLRB so that their freedom of action is reduced to that of unions.
Trump is also set to appoint the ninth Supreme Court justice—an appointee who will determine the ideological makeup of the Court. Based on his list of candidates, he will at the very least restore the Court's anti-worker conservative majority that existed before Justice Scalia's death earlier this year. By virtue of its gridlock, the court saved public-sector unions from the Friedrichs deathblow that would have done away with the mandatory fees paid by non-union members to their workplace union for collective bargaining services. Now, that threat looms large once again.
“There are at least 27 cases in the lower courts that would do the same thing Friedrichs would have, and you have to expect that one of those cases will bubble up to the Supreme Court,” Lee Saunders, president of AFSCME, one of the largest public-sector union in the country, told The Guardian. “That will be a major challenge for us.”
The prospects of immigration reform that confers legal rights for the undocumented have been dashed. The hazardous working conditions for many of the nation's undocumented workers, and uncertainty about their futures will likely persist. Meanwhile, Trump could undo the Labor Department's agreement with the Department of Homeland Security that protects undocumented workers who are trying to organize from deportation.
The current U.S. Labor Secretary Tom Perez, who helped push through most of Obama's second-term agenda, has been heralded as the most pro-worker cabinet head since Frances Perkins helped enact the modern labor law framework under Franklin Roosevelt. Labor advocates were hoping a Clinton presidency would bring a figure of similar caliber to that post. Instead, they are staring at the real possibility of Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker—whose attacks on his state's public-sector workers made him a poster child of the right's anti-union agenda—as Trump's labor secretary. Walker has reportedly said he's not interested in the position, but that could change. Other names floated for the position include Victoria Lipnic, who served under George W. Bush Labor Secretary Elaine Chao, and Andrew Puzder, the CEO of a major fast-food restaurant group. Any appointment is likely to curtail the aggressive employer watchdog apparatus spearheaded by Wage & Hour Administrator Dave Weil, who has been lauded by labor advocates for giving some teeth to labor law enforcement.
If Walker becomes Trump's top labor advisor, his governorship and his failed presidential run provide an ominous window into what kind of things he'll be whispering in the president's ear. As governor, he decimated public-sector unions' collective bargaining rights, signed right-to-work policy into law, and has gone after prevailing wage laws for state-funded construction projects. During his short-lived presidential campaign last year, he ran on a draconian platform that called for throwing out the National Labor Relations Board, repealing the federal prevailing wage law, banning unions in the federal government, and making the nation right-to-work. Trump himself has explicitly voiced support for a national right-to-work law. Many congressional Republicans share Walker's vision.
Senate Democrats could manage to thwart the most egregious rollbacks of worker rights—unless the Republicans decide to repeal the filibuster. The picture at the state level may be even bleaker. In the wake of Trump's presidential win, the GOP now controls more statehouses than ever before. Republican Eric Greitens won the Missouri gubernatorial election, succeeding Democrat Jay Nixon, who had blocked the legislature's bills that would have made the state go right-to-work. In Kentucky, Republicans won control of both houses of the legislature, also portending a shift to right-to-work. And in New Hampshire, incoming Republican Governor Chris Sununu and a GOP wave in the state legislature could usher in right-to-work legislation there as well. That would increase the tally of right-to-work states to 29. GOP gains across the states will also ensure the proliferation of other anti-worker initiatives, including prevailing wage repeals and preemption of local minimum wage hikes.
These attacks on workers and unions will further diminish the power of organized labor, and its ability to advocate for collective gains at the ballot box and through lobbying. And while unions have traditionally served as the primary funding source for Democratic candidates running against business-backed Republicans, the GOP agenda takes direct aim at unions' political programs.
In the blue states and cities (at least those not constrained by preemption) that remain, progressive pro-worker legislation—mandating higher minimum wages, paid sick leave, and fair scheduling practices—will continue to advance, creating an ever-growing gap between Republican and Democratic jurisdictions. But with the loss of the governor's office in Vermont, and with Republicans likely to retain control of the state senate in both New York and Washington, despite nominal Democratic majorities, there will be just five states in which Democrats control the legislature and the governor's office (three tiny: Delaware, Rhode Island, and Hawaii: one small, Oregon, and one mega: California). With limited power, the ballot measure—a vehicle for successful minimum wage hikes in four states last week—could become labor's most effective tool, at least in states where they're permitted.
The recent trajectory of the labor movement showed promising signs. And while sweeping labor law reform and federal wage hikes were unlikely even if Clinton won the White House and the Democrats captured the Senate and created a friendly Supreme Court, at least the movement's momentum would have been maintained. The best-case scenario is that Trump's win and the entrenchment of GOP power will lead to just some of these setbacks, and that such setbacks as come may be reversed when Democrats retake power. The worst-case scenario is injuries so grave that the movement will cease to be a significant force in the American economic and political landscape.
Prison ordered for boss of immigrant who killed HPD officer Prison for boss of immigrant who killed Houston officer
Landscape business owner Robert Lane Camp was sentenced this morning to three months in prison and another three months under house arrest as part of a federal five-year probation for harboring an illegal immigrant who later murdered a Houston police officer.
Camp, 48, pleaded guilty to employing and harboring Leonardo Quintero, the Mexican laborer convicted of shooting Rodney Johnson four times in the head after a traffic stop in 2006.
Camp told U.S. District Judge Vanessa Gilmore that he thought it was just a civil violation that he employed Quintero, who he knew was illegally here, so he paid his salary to the worker's wife, who had a Social Security number.
“I never for an instant thought I would be here,” Camp said as he stood before the federal judge. He said it's hard to hire people with legal documentation to help in his landscaping business because “it's hot, it's dirty and it's long hours.” But he also said he's kept up his business using legal workers since his employee killed a policeman.
“I'm very sorry and apologize to the court and my family and friends. I've shamed a lot of people, including myself,” Camp said to a courtroom half filled with his supporters.
Also in court was Houston police Sgt. Joslyn Johnson, the widow of Officer Rodney Johnson. “It was a slap in the face,” she said. “He's just as guilty as Quintero in my eyes and just as guilty as Carter's Country for selling the gun.”
Sgt. Johnson settled her civil lawsuit against Camp for an undisclosed amount but is pursuing a civil lawsuit against the store that sold Quintero the gun. Quintero was sentenced in May 2008 to life in prison. She said Quintero usually carried the gun he used to kill her husband and should not have been allowed by law to purchase it.
Prosecutors Jay Hileman and Ryan McConnell asked the judge to include the prison and home confinement in the probation. Most cases like this do not end in any kind of prison time for the business owners.
Camp employed Quintero, rented him a home, bailed him out of jail when he was charged with indecency with a child and helped him return to this country after he was deported.
Sgt. Johnson was upset to see Camp leave the court with his family and friends. “He's out on bond, he gets to enjoy his family,” she said.
The judge released Camp until a future date when he is scheduled to serve his prison term.
Sgt. Johnson implored employers be more vigilant about hiring undocumented workers, especially those such as Quintero who have been found guilty of prior charges and been deported.
mary.flood@chron.com
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — A New York City firefighter was arrested this week, on charges that he bashed his wife in the head with an iPad following a heated argument.
The FDNY's Eric Bischoff, 39, was arrested at 9 a.m. Tuesday in the 123rd Precinct on the south shore of Staten Island. He was charged with second-degree assault.
Police told 1010 WINS that Bischoff attacked his wife in their home and beat her with the Apple device.
When she tried to escape, he grabbed her by the hair, threw her onto a patio floor and locked the door, according to published reports.
The couple had been arguing over a photo his wife had posted on the Internet, but authorities have not said what was in the photo, according to published reports.
Bischoff serves as the Staten Island trustee for the Uniformed Firefighters Association of Greater New York, according to the organization's website.
Bischoff was not the only New York City employee arrested Tuesday.
At 6 p.m. Tuesday, NYPD School Safety Agent Solomon Wilson, 34, was arrested in the 75th Precinct, which includes the East New York section of Brooklyn, and charged with aggravated harassment, police said.
No further details on that case were available Wednesday evening.
Please leave your comments below…
Think you've been pretty careful with your BitTorrent activity? Think again. ScanEye is a new site that creepily knows what you've downloaded on BitTorrent and shows it to you shows, and it's a good reminder to keep your activities private.
ScanEye is very similar to previously mentioned You Have Downloaded, which is no longer around: it just scans your IP address against its database of torrents, and spits out a list of your recently downloaded files. It may not be 100% accurate, especially if you have a dynamic IP address, but it's pretty freaky to see what it comes up with, and reminds us all that our torrenting is very, very public. If you use BitTorrent, make sure you're using a good VPN service or a proxy like BTGuard to keep your activities private.
Advertisement
ScanEye | via TorrentFreak
Welcome back to Top Shelf Prospects, the daily column that brings you the next crop of professional hockey players. Each day I will bring you a new player profile or topical article in the lead-up to the 2013 NHL Draft. Be sure to bookmark the site, follow me on Twitter, and spread the word for the site that will bring you analytical and critical draft profiles and scouting reports! Last Word On Sports is your new headquarters for everything “NHL Draft”! For a Complete Listing of all our 2013 Draft Articles Click here.
Edit: Drafted 5th Overall by the Carolina Hurricanes.
Elias Lindholm is another prospect with NHL bloodlines. His father Mikael Lindholm, had a long career in the Swedish Elitserien, and was even drafted by the Los Angeles Kings. He played 18 games for the Kings in the 1989-90 season. His cousin, Calle Jarnkrok, was drafted in the 2nd round of the 2010 Draft by the Detroit Red Wings, and is just now getting his feet wet in AHL action. However, Elias Lindholm may be the most talented of his family.
Lindholm has spent this season playing for Brynäs in the Swedish Elitserien, and has put up some particularly impressive numbers for a draft eligible player. His 30 points in 48 games playing in Sweden's top men's league are amongst the best numbers of any player drafted out of Sweden in several years. Lindholm has also featured internationally for Sweden playing in the 2013 World Juniors and the 2012 IIHF Under 18, earning two silver medals in the process.
Center
Born Dec 2 1994
Height 5.11 — Weight 183 — Shoots R
February Rank: 5
Lindholm is a talented centre with excellent vision and playmaking ability. He has soft hands and excellent stickhandling. Lindholm has patience with the puck, and is very creative, able to thread passes through small openings. While he is more of a playmaker than a scorer, his shot is decent, and his release good. With a little more bulk, he may be able to add some power. He works hard in the corners and wins battles, but again needs to gain a little bit more muscle on his frame for NHL hockey. A key asset is that Lindholm is unafraid to go to the dirty areas of the ice to make plays though, and loves to finish his checks.
Lindholm seems to have a very wide skating stride, that seems awkward at times. However this gives him tremendous balance, and allows him to be very strong on the puck, and gives him the ability to fight off hits, hooks, and holds. It really doesn't diminish his skating too much either, as he has good top end speed and acceleration. His agility and edgework are strong and compbined with his soft hands allow him to make precise dekes around defenders.
Lindholm has an effective defensive game, as his willingness to throw his weight around extends to the defensive zone. He works hard on the back check and understands his defensive responsibilities down low. He works hard on the backcheck, reads the play well, and effectively handles his responsibilities. His complete game is very well developped for an 18 year old player.
Stylistically Lindholm's game reminds us of Peter Forsberg. Now again, this is a style comparison only, and we would like to avoid saying he'll be as good as the Hall of Famer. In terms of potential, we see Lindholm's ceiling as a point per game player who can be used in all situations, and play big time minutes on the first line in the NHL.
Lastly we leave you with a video of Lindholm in action.
Check back tomorrow for our number 6 prospect.
Thanks for reading, as always feel free to leave comments below and follow me on Twitter @lastwordBKerr. Give the rest of the hockey department a follow while you're at it – @BigMick99, @IswearGAA, and @LastWordOnNHL, and follow the site @lastwordonsport.
Interested in writing for LastWordOnSports? If so, check out our “Join Our Team” page to find out how.
Photo Credit: Steve Poirier/HHOF-IIHF Images
Anyone who's spent time traveling in Europe or Asia has probably come home wondering: Why don't we have a high-speed train system like that?
Europe's high-speed trains travel at about 186 miles per hour and one of China's high-speed lines tops out at 267 miles per hour. The average speed of a passenger train in the U.S.? A comparatively slow 50 miles per hour.
The U.S. High Speed Rail Association (USHSR) has put together a proposal for building out a network of high-speed rails across the U.S. The plan would include building out the rails around large, densely populated areas first and then connecting those regional networks to form one big national system. The result would be the ability to cross the country from East to West Coast in 20 hours. That journey on today's rails would take a very slow 80 hours—that's four time as long.
The U.S. does have one high-speed train, Amtrak's Acela express service between Boston and Washington D.C., which has a maximum speed of 150 miles per hour. In reality, however, the service only averages speeds of around 70 miles per hour. The reason? As the Boston Globe explains, “aging infrastructure, number of stops, and sharing the track with freight trains and other commuter rails cause significant delays.” New, updated tracks are a key part of the USHSR's vision.
Business Insider put together a handy visual of the association's proposal. Check it out:
NBC's comedic hosts Jimmy Fallon and Seth Meyers went on a late-night witch hunt Wednesday in a desperate attempt to portray Education Secretary pick Betsy DeVos as a flaming idiot. Despite DeVos literally getting confirmed the same day, the networks' “comedian” hosts seemed to know what DeVos would do in office before she had even done it. In what would've been decried as “sexist” if it had been said about a Democrat woman, Fallon and Meyers both made pathetic jokes about DeVos' intelligence.
It started on NBC's the Tonight Show, where host Jimmy Fallon opened his show by attacking Trump, then the Education Secretary with a succession of lame jokes.
FALLON: It seems like every day Trump's upset about something else. And I guess now -- this is real. He is complaining that the hand towels on Air Force One are not soft enough. Then the flight attendant said, "Sir, that's my skirt." [laughter] FALLON: Yesterday Betsy DeVos was officially confirmed as President Trump's Secretary of Education. Now a lot of people are upset about this, saying DeVos doesn't have any public education experience and is considered by many to be unfit for the job.
Fallon then went on to pretend to have a “new standardized test” DeVos had come up with, which included nonsensical questions and finished with a fill-in-the-blank question that read, “What does the Education Secretary do? Detailed answers welcome.” Fallon added, “That worries me a little bit.”
Immediately afterwards Fallon cracked:
FALLON: Another big story is Trump's travel ban. Earlier today he defended the ban by saying, quote, "Even a bad high school student would support it." And Betsy DeVos said, "And thanks to me, we'll have plenty of those so don't worry about that.”
NBC couldn't get enough of the DeVos jokes apparently because immediately afterwards on Seth Meyers' Late Night, the host made another ‘dumb DeVos' joke:
MEYERS: A new ranking has named Austin as the best American city to live in. Said Betsy DeVos, “Congratulations Vermont!”
If those weren't gag-worthy enough, ABC and CBS had more lame jokes in store at another cabinet nominee's expense. This time, it was Attorney General Jeff Sessions.
CBS' Late Show host Stephen Colbert began his show by going after the “baby grandpa” in an impassioned plea defending Elizabeth Warren's hackery. At the very end of the show, Colbert runs to a back room, where a bunch of women are jumping up and down and playing musical instruments. He goes to the middle of the room to point to a large white billboard which reads, “Quiet ladies, Jeff Sessions is in session.”
On ABC's Jimmy Kimmel Live, he also made one pithy remark about Sessions:
KIMMEL: Republicans and Democrats have been David Duke-ing it out over Trump's nominee for Attorney General Jeff Sessions...
<<< Please support MRC's NewsBusters team with a tax-deductible contribution today. >>>
Tánaiste Eamon Gilmore has said Minister for Justice Alan Shatter should withdraw his claim in the Dáil that Garda whistleblowers did not co-operate with an internal inquiry into the penalty points affair.
Mr Gilmore's remarks this morning in Dublin come amid tension in the Cabinet over claims that Garda commissioner Martin Callinan should apologise for describing the whistleblowers' actions as “disgusting”.
The Tánaiste denied the Cabinet was in disarray over the matter , saying it was always the case that there would be differing views within Government on certain topics. The matter will be discussed when the Cabinet meets tomorrow.
Although Taoiseach Enda Kenny has said Ministers should not discuss their views on the matter outside the Cabinet room, Mr Gilmore said answers had to be given when questions were in the public domain.
“I think it's always preferable that issues are discussed in Cabinet and I expect that this issue will be discussed in Cabinet, but, of course, when issues are in the public domain and people like yourself ... ask questions about them we're expected to give answers,” he said.
While the political focus in recent days has been on Mr Callinan, the Tánaiste's remarks today brings fresh attention to Mr Shatter's stance.
The Minister for Justice has said there was “fault on both sides” when whistleblower Sgt Maurice McCabe was not interviewed in a Garda inquiry into penalty point cancellations but said he could see how Sgt McCabe could be described as co-operating with the inquiry.
Mr Gilmore said Mr Shatter had handled the controversy well.
When asked, however, whether the Minister should withdraw his Dáil assertion about the lack of co-operation, the Tánaiste made the same point he had made in relation to Mr Callinan.
“As I've said I think there are always phrases that are used and comments that are made and I think it's always best that they're cleared up as quickly as possible but I think that's a matter for the Minister for Justice,” he said.
Asked directly whether it was incumbent on Mr Shatter to withdraw his remarks, he said he should .
“I've said that I think it would be helpful if the remarks were withdrawn. I stand by that. It's a matter both for the Garda Commissioner and Minister Shatter,” Mr Gilmore said.
He said his views were well-known in relation to the commissioner's stance. “I think public office holders and senior public servants from time to time say things or use phrases that are a bit unfortunate and I think it's always better that those are cleared up as soon as possible so that we can get on and deal with what are the substantive issues,” he said.
The Tánaiste reiterated his support for the notion of handing oversight of the Garda to an independent authority.
“The real question here is that we have a Garda force that is doing its job and I think we need to move to discuss the idea of there being a Garda authority or a policing board drawn across Irish society.”
Minister for Transport Leo Varadkar said today he stands by his request for Garda Commissioner Martin Callinan to withdraw remarks describing the actions of whistleblowers as “disgusting”.
Last week Mr Varadkar broke ranks with his Cabinet colleagues and reignited the controversy when he called for the withdrawal of the comments and said today his view had not changed.
“I made my views clear. They haven't changed. “I don't wish to say anymore or advance my position until the Cabinet has had a chance to talk about it tomorrow,” Mr Varadkar said today.
Minister for Communications Pat Rabbitte also stuck to the Labour Party line on this issue saying that Mr Callinan had an opportunity to draw a line under the controversy and called on him to do so.
Mr Rabbitte also suggested there were positive aspects to the controversy, including that it had put the issues of improved Garda oversight on the agenda.
Labour Party Minister of State for Trade and Development Joe Costello said it the Commissioner should withdraw the remark and said this type of language was “unacceptable”.
Earlier, highlighting the differing views in Cabinet on this matter, Minister for Health James Reilly said he supported the Taoiseach's instruction that Ministers restrict their views on the penalty points issue to Cabinet discussions and not debate the matter in public.
“I heard the Taoiseach loud and clear. I believe he is right. . . We should sort it out in private and allow people air their views there.”
Minister of State at the Department of Finance Brian Hayes said the Taoiseach had been “very clear” on this issue and he would await the discussion at Cabinet which will “crystallise” all of the issues .
“We all say things we shouldn't have said over the years,” he said, noting that Mr Callinan had “clarified his remarks”. Whether or not Mr Callinan makes another another statement is a “matter for him”, he said.
Speaking in Dublin last night, Taoiseach Enda Kenny said he hadn't been in touch with Mr Callinan on the issue, but said it will be discussed at Cabinet.
“We have an agenda for every Cabinet meeting obviously,” Mr Kenny said.
“I wouldn't pre-empt any of the issues.”
While Mr Kenny and Mr Callinan have not spoken, it is understood the Taoiseach and Tánaiste Eamon Gilmore spoke over the weekend in an effort to calm tensions between the two Coalition partners.
It is understood the Commissioner does not intend to issue a full apology but will release a further clarifying statement ahead of the Cabinet meeting.
Authorites aren't saying what they believe caused Charlie E. Pickett to drive his pickup truck into the cyclists
Buy Photo Five white-painted ghost bikes were placed June 8, 2016 at the scene of a crash on the 5500 block of North Westnedge Avenue north of Kalamazoo, where five cyclists died on June 7, 2016. (Photo: Robert Allen, Detroit Free Press)Buy Photo
KALAMAZOO Second-degree murder charges were authorized Thursday against a 50-year-old Battle Creek man accused of plowing through nine cyclists with his pickup north of Kalamazoo, killing five of them and hospitalizing four others.
But authorities aren't saying what they believe caused Charles E. Pickett to drive his Chevrolet pickup into the group of nine cyclists, who ranged in age from 40 to 74, as they pedaled up a hill on a two-lane road in rural Cooper Township just after 6:30 p.m. Tuesday. According to various media reports, the truck had been reported driving erratically a half-hour before the tragedy and had sideswiped other vehicles and nearly hit a house.
Pickett faces five counts of second-degree murder, along with four felony counts of reckless driving causing serious impairment, when he is arraigned, possibly on Friday.
Kalamazoo County Prosecutor Jeffrey Getting at a Thursday afternoon news conference declined to elaborate on how he arrived at the murder charges, which require intent to kill or willful disregard of the likelihood that one's actions would cause death. Intoxication is not mentioned among the criminal charges. Getting said more evidence is being analyzed at Michigan State Police crime labs, and more charges are possible.
"I will wait for their reports before I tell anyone what was or was not in his system at the time, because for me to suggest something was or was not is simply speculative," Getting said at a news conference.
He said Pickett was "medically unable" to be arraigned Thursday, but he may be able Friday. He declined to give specifics on Pickett's condition or to say whether he's at a hospital.
The charges were authorized by District Judge Christopher Haenicke at Getting's request. Pickett has no history of traffic violations in the state, according to the Michigan Secretary of State's Office. State records also show no criminal history in Michigan.
The Associated Press previously reported that the pickup driver fled the vehicle, but no fleeing-the-scene criminal charges were filed. Getting said Thursday that Pickett was apprehended "near the scene," almost immediately after the incident.
Mary and Bill Leveque told West Michigan TV station WMMT they called 911 minutes before the tragedy after the truck clipped a tree and then careened over their rock garden, coming within feet of their house before taking off down Westnedge. That was one of at least three 911 calls made about the pickup, with the first call coming in at 6:08 p.m., about 28 minutes before the cyclists were hit.
A Facebook page for "Charlie E. Pickett" shows numerous sexually provocative memes and a profile picture with a skull and revolvers that reads, "Never water yourself down just because someone can't handle you at 100 proof."
The most recent post, dated May 30: "Pissed because people only care about their bull----. and of course when s--- gets tough the(y) feed ya to the wolves."
Kalamazoo WWMT reports a news crew that visited Pickett's home in Battle Creek was chased away:
"Newschannel 3 went to Pickett's home on Wednesday for comment, but the family threatened to chase us off the property with a front-end loader, and followed us in a car before a brief verbal exchange took place," according to the station's website.
The cyclists were members of a group, dubbed the Chain Gang, that made regular rides every Tuesday evening. The cyclists were riding up a hill on a two-lane road in Cooper Township, north of Kalamazoo, just after 6:30 p.m. Tuesday when a a blue Chevrolet pickup plowed into the group from behind, killing five of them and injuring four, according to authorities.
The five cyclists who were killed were identified as Debra A. Bradley, 53, of Augusta; Melissa A. Fevig-Hughes, 42, of Augusta; Fred Anton (Tony) Nelson, 73, of Kalamazoo; Lorenz J. (Larry) Paulik, 74, of Kalamazoo, and Suzanne J. Sippel, 56, of Augusta. The injured cyclists are Paul D. Gobble, 47, of Richland; Sheila D. Jeske, 53, of Richland; Jennifer L. Johnson, 40, of Kalamazoo, and Paul L. Runnels, 65, of Richland.
"As members of the Kalamazoo community we have all been dealt a devastating blow by the deaths and injuries of so many innocent people," Getting said in a news release Thursday. "Our hearts are saddened for the victims, their families and friends who are trying to cope with this tragedy. As a community, we must reach out to them and give them our support as we all struggle to deal with what has happened."
Contact Robert Allen @rallenMI or rallen@freepress.com.
Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/28ocqoy
"The leader of ISIS was imprisoned by American troops and ordered released to Iraq by Obama administration in 2009."
When James Woods isn't busy acting and doing voiceovers for video games and Family Guy episodes, he tweets from the right-end of the political spectrum. One of his latest messages revives the inaccurate claim that President Barack Obama let the head of Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) slip through our fingers in 2009.
ISIS, which has simplified its name to Islamic State, is the well-armed Sunni force that has claimed broad swaths of land in Iraq. Recently, it defeated seasoned, if ill-equipped, Kurdish forces in battles for two key towns .
On Aug. 5, Woods, no fan of Obama, tweeted to his 145,000 followers , "The leader of ISIS was imprisoned by American troops and ordered released to Iraq by Obama administration in 2009."
Woods followed that up with , "Clearly Obama did not hand select the leader of ISIS for release to the Iraqis in 2009. Obama's weak kneed foreign policy is the issue."
We looked at an almost identical claim about the head of Islamic State, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi in June .
Baghdadi was held by U.S. forces at a detention facility in Iraq called Camp Bucca, but not when Woods said. According to the Defense Department, Baghdadi was released in 2004, not 2009.
"Ibrahim Awad Ibrahim Al Badry, also known as 'Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi' was held as a 'civilian internee' by U.S. Forces-Iraq from early February 2004 until early December 2004, when he was released," the Pentagon told us in a statement. "He was held at Camp Bucca. A Combined Review and Release Board recommended 'unconditional release' of this detainee and he was released from U.S. custody shortly thereafter. We have no record of him being held at any other time."
In short, according to the Defense Department, the man who heads Islamic State was set free in 2004, long before Obama took office, and he was not recaptured.
How did the 2009 version get started?
In mid June, there were several articles -- from Slate , and NBC among others -- that placed Baghdadi at Camp Bucca in 2009 (when Obama would have been president). However, all the talk tracked back to a Daily Beast interview with Army Col. Kenneth King, the former commander of Camp Bucca. That article said King knew Baghdadi at the camp and that he didn't expect to see him become the leader of a spectacularly vicious and brutal movement.
"I'm not surprised that it was someone who spent time in Bucca but I'm a little surprised it was him," King said. "He was a bad dude, but he wasn't the worst of the worst."
In this storyline, Baghdadi was handed over to Iraqi justice system late in 2009 shortly before Camp Bucca closed.
ABC News questioned King's recollection, citing a "a U.S. official" that Baghdadi was not in American custody in 2009.
"I could be mistaken," King told ABC News, "but I'm 99 percent. He's a dead ringer for the guy I had the run-in with … His face is very familiar."
King declined to comment to PunditFact.
For the record, even if King's memory is better than the Defense Department's paper trail, Obama didn't order Baghdadi released as much as enforce an agreement brokered by President George W. Bush. Before Bush left office, his administration signed a contract between the United States and Iraq that guaranteed that the United States would give up custody of virtually every detainee.
Our ruling
Woods said Obama ordered the release of the leader of ISIS, now called Islamic State, in 2009. The Defense Department says the release took place in 2004 and Obama had nothing to do with it.
We rate the claim False.
Microsoft Surface RT tablet orders cut in half says supply chain source
I always think of the tablet market as having two basic segments. You have your high-end segment that Apple owns with its iPad, and then we have the lower end segment where tablet such as the Amazon Fire HD and hordes of Android-powered tablets play. I've always thought that the companies trying to break into that high-end tablet market, such as Microsoft, are doing things wrong, especially when it comes to pricing.
I don't think you can put a tablet on the market with similar or lesser performance selling for the same price or more than the segment leading iPad and expect success. I think this is exactly what Microsoft did with Surface RT. Sometimes it seems Microsoft believes people will buy simply because it's a Microsoft product. Sources in Microsoft's upstream supply chain are claiming that orders for Surface RT tablets have been cut in half.
The sources are claiming that the new operating system may not be performing as well as Microsoft expected on the market. Originally, Microsoft predicted that it would ship 4 million Surface RT devices by the end of 2012. However, the software giant has recently slashed that prediction to 2 million.
Demand for Windows RT tablets from other manufacturers such as Asus, Samsung, and Dell is also said to be weak. Sources in the supply chain also say that the Surface RT tablets aren't expected to perform well for Microsoft in the coming quarter. The sources say that with Surface RT underperforming, Microsoft could be forced to roll out its Intel-based Surface Pro tablets earlier in December than expected. The sources also claim that Surface Pro tablets could see a price cut to help attract customers.
[via Digitimes]
Your complimentary articles You've read one of your four complimentary articles for this month. You can read four articles free per month. To have complete access to the thousands of philosophy articles on this site, please SUBSCRIBE NOW
Tallis in Wonderland
Saving Truth
Raymond Tallis asserts the truth about the truth.
Truth has been having a rather hard time in recent decades. Insults have been hurled at it from left and right. Truth, we are endlessly told, is relative to perspective, to viewpoint, to ‘where you're coming from'. The most popular versions of such relativism connect truth with power: what counts as true is the world according to those who have the greatest political or institutional clout. Even the truths of science are less about nature than about discourses that have become dominant for reasons other than their ability to uncover reality. Nietzsche's famous riposte to the positivist claim that there are only facts – that “there are no such things as facts, only interpretations” – is a favourite among humanist intellectuals.
Such assaults on the notion of objective truth appear to have a lot going for them, at least if you're in a seminar room rather than, say, dealing with a medical emergency or running for a bus. Some political and historical truths do indeed seem to be spin-dependent. And in many other circumstances, the selection and even the construction of facts will be influenced by the interests of those who are offering them as ‘the truth about such-and-such'. Relativism discredits itself, however, when it is generalised to all putative truths. Ultimately, the assertion that there is no such thing as truly objective truth is self-refuting, if it means anything: for there is no reason why this meta-truth about truth should be immune from its own radical attack on all truths. Is it true?
John Gray, whose misanthropic pessimism is always good for a laugh, gives a classic example of a different form of self-refutation when he invokes certain facts about the human condition to justify denying that we can have access to any kind of objective truth. In Straw Dogs he tells us that since Darwinian science has shown that “the human mind serves evolutionary success, not truth,” humankind cannot know the truth, least of all through science. No prizes for any 12-year-old who can spot the problem with that assertion.
There are more interesting attacks on the concept of truth. By far the most important and influential come from within analytical philosophy. These are the so-called ‘deflationary' or ‘minimalist' accounts that empty truth of content or reduce it to a formal relation. The grandfather of contemporary truth-emptiers was the philosopher F.P. Ramsey, a genius who died at the tragically young age of 26.
Let ‘p' stand for an idea or proposition, such as ‘porcupines are animals'. Ramsey argued that to assert that ‘p' and to assert that ‘p is true' is to assert the same thing. The concept of truth is therefore redundant. Since his time, there have been ever more sophisticated variations on this argument – many of them deriving ultimately from the Polish logician Tarski's so-called ‘Semantic Theory of Truth'.
For Tarski, truth is a relation between a first-order language and a second-order language. This sounds complicated, but his classic example shows how simple – and stark – his notion of truth is:
‘Snow is white' is true if and only if snow is white
The apparent predicate ‘is true' about the phrase ‘snow is white' is not really a predicate at all: it merely defines a relationship between a higher order assertion in quotes and a lower order assertion not in quotes.
There are many other minimalist or ‘deflationary' theories of truth – the emptiest of all being the theory that one shouldn't have a theory of truth at all, because there is no entity corresponding to the item in question. (This idea was sometimes espoused by Richard Rorty, when he was not advocating pragmatic theories.) In this theory, to say of a statement that it is true is merely to give it a ‘rhetorical pat on the back'. Donald Davidson also spoke of ‘The Folly of Trying to Define Truth' because it had no content. Even many of those who are not so radically dismissive of truth think that philosophers would be best to avoid discussing it because ‘truth' is an unredeemably muddled part of our linguistic heritage.
Before going on to defend a richer, more substantial idea of truth, it might be a good idea to set aside those aspects of the traditional notion of truth that are indefensible. Firstly, we should not imagine that ‘being true' is a property of anything, or that ‘is true' is a predicate like ‘is green'. It is obviously absurd to say of an object or state of affairs that it has the property of being true (or, indeed, false). A pebble is neither true nor false: it simply is. Truth and falsehood must relate to assertions about objects or states of affairs. Truth is not, however, a predicate or property even of the sentences used to make those assertions. A sentence-type such as ‘Margaret Thatcher is Prime Minister' will be true on some occasions and false on others. The truth or falsity does not inhere in the sentence – say its sounds, its structure, its mouth of origin – but will depend on the existence of the state of affairs to which it refers. The conditions for its being true lie in the world beyond the sentence.
The second indefensible notion is that there is something called ‘The Truth', understood either as a kind a substance in which all true assertions participate or a point at which all truths converge, summate or merge.
The third indefensible assumption is that the whole of truth can be captured in a single aspect of it – such as, say, a correspondence between an assertion and a state of affairs.
At the very heart of truth (and falsehood, for the possibility of truth and falsehood are born at the same time) is explicitness. This is precisely what was overlooked by Ramsey when he thought he had demonstrated the emptiness or redundancy of the notion of truth. I want to draw your attention to a seemingly unimportant word: ‘that'. Yes, of course, to assert “‘That p' is true” doesn't add much to the assertion ‘That p' because my belief that it is true – or my wish to make you believe that it is true – is implicit in the unadorned assertion ‘That p'. The assertion of truth is present in both ‘p' and ‘p is true': they both make explicit, of what is the case, that it is the case. Aristotle's famous definition of truth in Metaphysics 1011b makes this very clear: ‘To say of what is that it is, or of what is not that it is not, is true' (italics mine). While a state of affairs is in itself neither true nor false, the statement that it obtains may be either.
This gives us the first two most fundamental aspects of truth: identity and correspondence. Truth inheres in the identity of the sense (ie its meaning and reference) of a sentence used on a particular occasion, with the particular sense of the state of affairs that it picks out. These two entities which have the same sense – the assertion and the state of affairs asserted in it – consequently correspond to one another. And their identity is most clearly exemplified in facts. That is why it is wrong to say, as so many philosophers do, that truth is ‘correspondence to the facts'. The facts are the identity that underpins the correspondence.
While identity of sense and a consequent correspondence between the bearers of the sense (typically an assertion and a state of affairs, as above) lie at the heart of truth, this is not the whole story. At a higher level – the level of very general statements, of possible events, of theories and laws – truth is not always to be located in a direct correspondence between a particular assertion and the state of affairs it asserts. While I might check the assertion that my friend is at the front door by going to see if that state of affairs obtains, or ask someone else to check, or look at my CCTV, I do not check most of the truths that enable me to navigate through the planet in this way. I will very often rely on the assertion being consistent with what I know already, or with what others tell me is already known. There are more accessible consequences of empirical truths or general laws which enable me rationally to accept or to reject assertions which lie beyond my ability to check for direct correspondence.
This coherence of truths with other truths is evident in everyday life – if I am in Prague at a certain time, I cannot possibly have been seen by someone in London at that time. It regulates our expectations. The need for coherence is, however, most fully developed and most obviously to the fore in the truths of science. Even for science, however, the audit trail ultimately still has to end with correspondence with my experiences, direct or mediated. An assertion can count as true only if it coheres with other true assertions; but ultimately the truth of all assertions is underwritten by correspondence.
The final aspect of truth is pragmatic: that which is true is that which ‘works' for us, in the broadest possible sense of the word. In the case of certain beliefs which are not accessible to empirical testing – for example, religious beliefs or secular ideologies – ‘truth' is almost entirely assimilated to what the William James called pragmatic ‘cash value', and which evolutionary theorists would call ‘survival value'. We cannot, however, reduce the difference between all truths and all falsehoods simply to the difference between what works and what doesn't. If we did, we would still have to explain why some things do and some things don't work. While beliefs may feel true because they ‘work', ultimately, most of our beliefs that work do so because they are true. And ultimately that means corresponding to a state of affairs, or a range or pattern of states of affairs.
In short, truth is far from empty, as Davidson claimed; and the theory of truth is not “a set of truisms,” as J.L. Austin said scornfully. Truth is rich, and the theory of truth complex. This is precisely what we might expect, as the nature of truth touches on what is most distinctive about us. Of all the creatures in the universe who experience what is the case, we are the only ones who make explicit what is the case, and assert that it is the case. We are explicit, or truth-bearing and falsehood-bearing animals, and to see truth truly is to see ourselves truly.
© Prof. Raymond Tallis 2008
Raymond Tallis is a physician, philosopher, poet and novelist. His new book is called The Kingdom of Infinite Space: A Fantastical Journey Round Your Head.
